"JB Straubel , CTO of Tesla Motors has said they think Tesla will be able to fully charge electric car batteries in five to ten minutes before too long (without battery swapping). Kompulsa GE reports
They pointed out some of the challenges associated with this, but the fact that charge times have gotten down to 20 minutes already should give you some hope.
The challenges include: Tesla Motors' vehicles — the Roadster and Model S — both have very large battery banks, and therefore would require an enormous current to charge in just a few minutes.
This large current can be provided with a Level 3 charging station which has built-in, powerful batteries to supply that current (and then the charging station batteries can recharge over the course of the day, until the next car that needs fast charging comes along).
The battery design also needs to be able to tolerate or limit the temperature rise caused by fast charging (maybe by increasing efficiency) — larger currents, in general, tend to cause more heat generation, in basically every device.
It is technically possible for prototype lithium-ion batteries to charge in less than a minute. However, commercialization of these technologies is a different story.
"It's not going to happen in a year from now. It's going to be hard. But I think we can get down to five to 10 minutes," Straubel said in an interview with MIT Technology Review. They noted that the current superchargers, which deliver 120 kilowatts of electricity, "seemed pretty crazy even 10 years ago."
JB Straubel's statement didn't come long after Tesla Motors announced upgrades to its Supercharger network, which would enable 20-minute charging.
Straubel said that Tesla Motors was able to achieve this because it designs and builds its own equipment, instead of just buying parts from third-party manufacturers as most manufacturers do (which doesn't qualify as innovation)."
Source: Kompulsa GE
Jens Weidmann detailed their concerns in a statement issued after European leaders agreed the latest €159bn (£140bn) plan to stem Greece's debt crisis and contain it before it spreads to Italy and Spain.
"By transferring sizeable additional risks to aid-granting countries and their taxpayers, the euro area made a big step toward a collectivisation of risks in cases of unsolid public finances and economic mistakes," Mr Weidmann said.
"That's weakening the foundations of a monetary union founded on fiscal self-responsibility. In future, it will be even more difficult to maintain incentives for solid fiscal policies."
Mr Weidmann, a council member at the European Central Bank, added that it was "decisive for monetary policy" that additional risks were not transferred to the euro system and that the dividing line between monetary and fiscal policy was not "blurred any further".
Their comments contrast with the views of the Chancellor, George Osborne, that last week's bail-out represents "a small step on the road to further fiscal integration for the eurozone".
Writing in today's Sunday Telegraph, the Chancellor says last week's action marks "something of a turning point" for Europe.
"The most significant decision the euro leaders took was to expand the scope and powers of the eurozone's bail-out fund," they said. "It can now buy the debt of countries in distress and fund bank rescues. These are very early days and we will see if the fund can use its new powers in a decisive and credible way."
Analysts have given a mixed reaction to the rescue package, with Barclays Capital economists arguing that the Greek crisis and its spillover to other EU nations refocuses attention on the viability of the entire European monetary union (EMU) project.
"A fundamental aspect that is largely absent from the EU statement is how to address the structural vulnerabilities underlying the EMU," the note said.
"Divergent economic policies and economic performance due to, for instance, a lack of fiscal discipline and weaknesses in productivity and competitiveness, have led to large fiscal and external imbalances and discrepancies across member countries that have threatened several countries and the EMU itself.
"A question in investors' minds is if the EMU project can be viable in the medium run without further economic and fiscal integration."
However, others played down the danger to the EU. Darren Williams, European economist at AllianceBernstein, said the Greek agreement was the most that "could plausibly have been expected", given domestic political constraints and time pressure.
"Of course, it is not the quantum leap forward needed to bring the crisis to a quick conclusion, but that was never really on the cards," they added.
The Seoul frog or Seoul pond frog (Pelophylax chosenicus) is a species of true frog found on the southern and western Korean Peninsula, and possibly across the border to China in Liaoning. It is closely related to the eastern golden frog, P. plancyi, and was long considered a subspecies thereof. Also known as gold-spotted pond frog, it is in fact not a true pond frog of genus Rana, but belongs to the water frogs now again separated in Pelophylax.[2]
Adult Seoul frogs are roughly 6 centimeters in length. The back is bright green and bumpy, with patches of light brown; the belly is yellowish-red. The iris of the eye is golden. The body as a whole is round as if swollen.[3]
The Seoul frog is found in ponds and rice paddies, but has been declining sharply, probably due to habitat degradation. According to Matsui (2004), recent surveys have located populations in only four locations.[1] The mating season is from mid-May to June.[3]
The Seoul frog is listed as an "Endangered category II species" in South Korea.[3][4]
U.S. Senator Kirsten Gillibrand says people need to "fight back" against the proposed Republican health care bill. Gillibrand calls it "disastrous."
WBFO's Chris Caya reports
Gillibrand said the revised GOP bill is harmful and will not guarantee access to basic affordable health care. They said hundreds of thousands of New Yorkers won't have access to primary care services if Planned Parenthood is de-funded.
"The other problem is, before we had Obamacare, some insurance companies charged women more just because they were women. And they charged them because they might become pregnant some day. And some, if you became pregnant, they would drop you because now that's a pre-existing condition and you're going to cost more and they won't make enough money off you," Gillibrand said.
The bill also allows for so-called "skinny plans" that only provide catastrophic coverage.
"And what that will do is anyone who's healthy and doesn't really want health care might choose that plan because they think 'I'll never get sick.' But what that does be all the sick or older people who need more coverage will then have to pay much, much more," Gillibrand said.
A Hudson Valley Democrat, Gillibrand said she'll do everything in their power to block the bill from becoming law. They said to really fix health care, the focus should be on letting people buy into Medicare at a price they can afford.
People who are better at simple physical acts such as gripping, walking, rising from a chair and balancing on one leg are more likely to live longer, according to a new study published online in the British Medical Journal.
Measures of physical capability, such as grip strength, walking speed, chair rising time and standing balance ability, can predict mortality in older people living in the community, UK researchers found.
These measures are related to a person's ability to perform everyday tasks. There is growing interest in using such measures as simple screening tools to identify people who might benefit from targeted interventions such as strength training.
Researchers from the MRC Unit for Lifelong Health and Ageing reviewed 57 studies and found 28 that looked at physical capabilities in people of any age and recorded subsequent mortality. They excluded studies of people in institutions such as hospitals and care homes.
Most of those study authors were contacted by the research team and asked to complete a standardised results table and ultimately, after also obtaining unpublished results from five other studies, 33 sets of results were collated and included in the review.
The team found that, although there was some variation between studies, there was consistent evidence of associations between all four measures of physical capability and mortality -- people who performed less well in these tests had a consistently higher risk of death.
From 14 studies (including 53,476 participants) that dealt with grip strength, the death rate among the weakest people was 1.67 times greater than among the strongest people, after taking age, sex, and body size into account.
From five studies (including 14,692 participants) that dealt with walking speed, the death rate among people who were slowest was 2.87 times greater than among the people who were fastest, after similar adjustments.
Five studies (including 28,036 people) that dealt with chair rising showed that the death rate of people who were the slowest was almost twice the rate of people who were fastest at this physical task.
Most of the studies were carried out amongst older people, but the association of grip strength with mortality was also found in younger populations.
The authors say that this review has highlighted the paucity of studies in this field in younger populations, and they also call for more research to examine the associations between changes in capability with age and mortality, as a steep decline in physical capability may be a better predictor of mortality than is the absolute level at a single point in time.
They conclude: "Objective measures of physical capability are predictors of all cause mortality in older community dwelling populations. Such measures may therefore provide useful tools for identifying older people at higher risk of death."
Dodgers owner Frank McCourt does not have enough cash to make the team's… (Mary Altaffer / Associated…)
The Dodgers currently do not have enough cash to meet payroll through this month, potentially accelerating a showdown between owner Frank McCourt and Major League Baseball.
The cash shortage was confirmed Tuesday by two people familiar with the matter, speaking on condition of anonymity because of the possibility of McCourt filing suit against MLB.
McCourt received a $30-million loan from Fox last month, which provided funding for the Dodgers' two April payrolls and is expected to carry them through the first May payroll. The second May payroll, due at month's end, is the one that appears problematic at this time.
If McCourt were to fail to meet payroll, the league would cover the expenses and would have the option to seize the Dodgers from him, according to one of the people familiar with the situation.
by Lori M. Gregory
Health Impact News
There are questions being raised about children who are diagnosed with neuropsychiatric disorders and their association with vaccinations, according to the results of a pilot case study published in Frontiers in Psychiatry/Child & Adolescent Psychiatry [1] last month.
The study, which was conducted by researchers from the Yale University School of Medicine and the Pennsylvania State University College of Medicine Department of Public Health Sciences, is based on the principle that the immune system plays a key role in normal brain development and in the pathobiology of several neuropsychiatric disorders. As a result, the autoimmune and inflammatory disorders affecting the central nervous system have been found to be “temporally associated with the antecedent administration of various vaccines.”
Data Suggests Link Between Influenza Vaccine and Anorexia Nervosa Diagnosis
Researchers examined the association between the administration of vaccines in children ages 6-15 years old who have been diagnosed with conditions such as anorexia nervosa, obsessive compulsive disorder (OCD), tic disorders, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), major depressive disorder and bipolar disorder.
What they discovered was that there is data to suggest that children who were newly diagnosed with anorexia nervosa were more likely to have been vaccinated in the previous 3 months than those in the control group. They also found that children vaccinated with the Influenza vaccinations during the prior 3, 6, and 12 months were also associated with incident diagnoses of anorexia nervosa, OCD, and an anxiety disorder.
Several other associations were also significant, including correlations between hepatitis A with anorexia nervosa and OCD; hepatitis B with anorexia nervosa, and meningitis with anorexia nervosa and chronic tic disorder.
The principal findings suggest that children with OCD, anorexia nervosa, anxiety disorder, and tic disorder were more likely to have received influenza vaccine during the preceding year.
U.S. Special Claims Court Had 1188% Increase in Payouts for Influenza Vaccine Injury
The discovery of the possible link between the influenza vaccine and neurological disorders is significant in this study, especially in light of the fact that the U.S.Special Claims Court had a 1188% increase in payouts to Americans for influenza vaccine injury from 2014-2015 [2, 3].
(Because Congress passed a law in 1986 providing pharmaceutical companies who make vaccines with immunity from prosecution, Americans seeking compensation for vaccine injury must instead sue the U.S. Government in special claims court.)
The Yale/Penn State study also cites the Karussis report [4] which finds that the onset of certain autoimmune and inflammatory disorders affecting the central nervous system has been associated with various vaccines, including idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura, acute disseminated encephalomyelitis, and Guillain–Barré syndrome, and more [5], as well as recent data that have emerged indicating an association between the administration of the H1N1 influenza vaccine and the new onset of narcolepsy in several northern European countries [6-11].
Researchers also mention there were limitations in the way the data is reported to insurance companies which make it difficult to fully understand the scope of risk.
For example, they were unable to identify specific risks given that many insurance providers designate insurance billing codes for vaccines in general, without specifying the particular vaccine. They also were using administrative data, which has variables that they were unable to identify, including the fact that early childhood vaccines are grouped together in the first 15 months of infancy and are given at varying times and in different combinations.
Data from 2002-2007 was used for the Yale/Penn State study, which contained a sample of privately insured children in each neurological diagnostic group who were continuously enrolled in school for at least 1 year before their first diagnosis for the condition. The authors also accounted for the fact that vaccines are administered seasonally (before summer camps or the beginning of school), by requiring controls to have had a doctor visit where a vaccine was not administered within 15 days of the date that the corresponding case was first diagnosed with the condition. Subjects were matched with controls according to age, gender, geographical area, and seasonality. To test the specificity of the models, researchers also included children with broken bones and open wounds.
“Those of us seeking compensation for claimants in the vaccine injury compensation program are often challenged by the fact that scientists and medical professionals often decline to give testimony about vaccine injury for fear there will be professional repercussions,” said Robert Krakow, a seasoned litigator who represents families in the vaccine court. “In addition, many medical professionals are untrained in recognizing vaccine injuries, often attributing the etiology of disorders to unknown causes or guessing that they are psychological in origin. The process often intimidates and deters both claimants and medical professionals from coming forward. Also, even the government admits that the vaccine injury compensation program has been inadequately publicized, in violation of the Vaccine Act. These factors all contribute to our view that the number of cases that actually make it to court represent a small percentage of the true number of cases of vaccine injury.”
Medical Freedom Community Knows to Read Between the Lines
As is often the case in any scientific journal that publishes data that challenges the vaccination system, and because the study was a pilot program, the authors are cautious to definitively make any substantial claims and are quick to state the findings “warrant further investigation.” They also include additional language designed to inform the medical community and the world at large that their discoveries are “modest” in magnitude. The paper further states that the autism/vaccine link has been “convincingly disproven, despite certain cross-sections of the public that still feel the association between the two exists.”
However, experts and members of the medical freedom community know research scientists — when challenging or questioning the vaccination system in general — are often pigeonholed into including boilerplate language that would in any way shape or form discredit the vaccine program or the medical establishment, in order to get their findings published at all. The Yale/Penn State study is no exception; this edict is crystal clear in the last sentence of the authors' conclusions when they state clearly that “we encourage families to maintain vaccination schedules according to CDC guidelines.”
Those in the autism/medical freedom movement will recognize this language as a protectionist measure to prevent the authors from being ‘Wakefielded' — a term that emerged after British gastroenterologist Dr. Andrew Wakefield was egregiously stripped of their medical license for questionable reasons, when they examined the link between gastrointestinal health, autism and the MMR.
Mainstream Media Ignoring Results of Yale/Penn State Vaccine Study
Sadly, results of the Yale/Penn State study have gone largely ignored by the mainstream media, despite President Trump's willingness to publicly address concerns about vaccinations. Last week, Robert Kennedy and Robert De Niro stood side by side at the National Press Club, offering a $100,000 reward to any journalist who can prove the thimerisol component of vaccines is safe. That, too, has been largely ignored by mainstream media, except for the occasional ‘debunked' narrative that predictably emerges anytime anyone seeks to question the pharmaceutical industry.
While the study, which was a pilot epidemiologic analysis, does infer that there is enough compelling data linking the onset of some neuropsychiatric disorders, it begs the question ‘what's next?'
Researchers from the Yale/Penn State study say next steps require replication in a larger population-base, including factoring in additional variables such as an individual's genomic and epigenomic background, microbiome and other factors including administered vaccinations.
Comment on this article at VaccineImpact.com.
References
[1] Temporal Association of Certain Neuropsychiatric Disorders Following Vaccination of Children and Adolescents: A Pilot Case–Control Study, Frontiers in Psychiatry.
[2] U.S. Special Claims Court, 2014-2015 Vaccine Court Judgment Report, http://www.uscfc.uscourts.gov/reports-statistics.
[3] U.S. Vax Court Sees 400% Spike in Vaccine Injuries,
Flu Shot Wins Top Honors for Biggest Payout, The Mom Street Journal, Nov., 2016, http://www.themomstreetjournal.com/increase-in-vaccine-injuries/
[4] Karussis D, Petrou P. The spectrum of post-vaccination inflammatory CNS demyelinating syndromes. Autoimmun Rev (2014) 13(3):215–24. doi:10.1016/j.autrev.2013.10.003
[5] Pellegrino P, Carnovale C, Perrone V, Pozzi M, Antoniazzi S, Clementi E, et al. Acute disseminated encephalomyelitis onset: evaluation based on vaccine adverse events reporting systems. PLoS One (2013) 8(10):e77766. doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0077766
[6] Pellegrino P, Carnovale C, Pozzi M, Antoniazzi S, Perrone V, Salvati D, et al. On the relationship between human papilloma virus vaccine and autoimmune diseases. Autoimmun Rev (2014) 13(7):736–41. doi:10.1016/j.autrev.2014.01.054
[7] Perricone C, Ceccarelli F, Nesher G, Borella E, Odeh Q, Conti F, et al. Immune thrombocytopenic purpura (ITP) associated with vaccinations: a review of reported cases. Immunol Res (2014) 60(2–3):226–35. doi:10.1007/s12026-014-8597-x
[8] Prestel J, Volkers P, Mentzer D, Lehmann HC, Hartung HP, Keller-Stanislawski B, et al. Risk of Guillain-Barre syndrome following pandemic influenza A(H1N1) 2009 vaccination in Germany. Pharmacoepidemiol Drug Saf (2014) 23(11):1192–204. doi:10.1002/pds.3638
[9] Rinaldi M, Perricone C, Ortega-Hernandez OD, Perricone R, Shoenfeld Y. Immune thrombocytopaenic purpura: an autoimmune cross-link between infections and vaccines. Lupus (2014) 23(6):554–67. doi:10.1177/0961203313499959
[10] Heier MS, Gautvik KM, Wannag E, Bronder KH, Midtlyng E, Kamaleri Y, et al. Incidence of narcolepsy in Norwegian children and adolescents after vaccination against H1N1 influenza A. Sleep Med (2013) 14(9):867–71. doi:10.1016/j.sleep.2013.03.020
[11] Partinen M, Kornum BR, Plazzi G, Jennum P, Julkunen I, Vaarala O. Narcolepsy as an autoimmune disease: the role of H1N1 infection and vaccination. Lancet Neurol (2014) 13(6):600–13. doi:10.1016/S1474-4422(14)70075-4
Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced?
One of the biggest myths being propagated in the compliant mainstream media today is that doctors are either pro-vaccine or anti-vaccine, and that the anti-vaccine doctors are all “quacks.”
However, nothing could be further from the truth in the vaccine debate. Doctors are not unified at all on their positions regarding “the science” of vaccines, nor are they unified in the position of removing informed consent to a medical procedure like vaccines.
The two most extreme positions are those doctors who are 100% against vaccines and do not administer them at all, and those doctors that believe that ALL vaccines are safe and effective for ALL people, ALL the time, by force if necessary.
Very few doctors fall into either of these two extremist positions, and yet it is the extreme pro-vaccine position that is presented by the U.S. Government and mainstream media as being the dominant position of the medical field.
In between these two extreme views, however, is where the vast majority of doctors practicing today would probably categorize their position. Many doctors who consider themselves “pro-vaccine,” for example, do not believe that every single vaccine is appropriate for every single individual.
Many doctors recommend a “delayed” vaccine schedule for some patients, and not always the recommended one-size-fits-all CDC childhood schedule. Other doctors choose to recommend vaccines based on the actual science and merit of each vaccine, recommending some, while determining that others are not worth the risk for children, such as the suspect seasonal flu shot.
These doctors who do not hold extreme positions would be opposed to government-mandated vaccinations and the removal of all parental exemptions.
In this eBook, I am going to summarize the many doctors today who do not take the most extremist pro-vaccine position, which is probably not held by very many doctors at all, in spite of what the pharmaceutical industry, the federal government, and the mainstream media would like the public to believe.
Susan Boyle's triumph on Britain's Got Talent has led Elaine Paige to suggest a collaborationMore on Susan Boyle and Britain's Got Talent
As global media phenomena go, little could surpass Susan Boyle's stratospheric rise to superstardom. So, what better high note to end an extraordinary week, one that has seen the 47-year-old Scottish singing spinster win plaudits from around the world, than the prospect of a duet with their hero, Elaine Paige?
It was just before their life-changing performance on Britain's Got Talent last Saturday that Boyle revealed their dream: to become a professional singer as successful as Paige - with whom they have sung along countless times, alone, in front of their bedroom mirror, equipped with a hairbrush for a microphone.
Now, in a message of support, Paige, the original Evita in London's West End, has punted the idea of the pair singing together. "Ever since Susan's appearance on Britain's Got Talent my Radio 2 inbox has been flooded with emails," they write on their website.
"It seems their performance has captured the hearts of everyone who saw it, me included ... it looks like I have competition! Perhaps we should record a duet?"
But then anything, it seems, could happen now in the incredible brave new world Boyle inhabits. As Paige puts it: "She is a role model for everyone who has a dream."
Paige is just the latest of a string of celebrity endorsers since Boyle's jaw-dropping performance of the Les Misérables song "I Dreamed a Dream" on the ITV talent show, which has so far attracted 25 million YouTube hits, and helped them do what few British A-listers can: crack the US market.
Appearances on Larry King Live, Good Morning America, NBC and CBS, and the prospect of Oprah, have fuelled demand for an album, something of which Britain's Got Talent supremo Simon Cowell and their record label are no doubt aware. Actress Demi Moore - "It made me teary," they tweeted on Twitter - and singer Patti LuPone are among celebrity fans.
With Ladbrokes' odds of Boyle winning the series slashed to 2/5, last night's wannabes on the show must be pretty deflated, though 39-year-old Julian Smith, a saxophonist from Birmingham, may yet challenge. Their "Somewhere" from West Side Story reduced judge Amanda Holden to tears. "It was stunning, absolutely stunning," they said. Cowell, too, could see potential. "Certain people, Julian, you know, they've just got it. I think there could be something special about you."
Clearly there was not much special about all-female threesome the Singing Souls. "Like three cats being dragged up the motorway," pronounced Cowell.
Almost 12 million viewers tuned in to watch Boyle on last week's show. However, while Boyle-mania grips the world the lady themselves appears unfazed by the excitement.
"I'm taking it all in my stride," they said yesterday at the pebble-dashed terraced house in Blackburn, West Lothian, in which they grew up, sharing it with their late mother Bridget, who died two years ago. The youngest of nine and with mild learning difficulties caused by oxygen deprivation at birth, Boyle never left home.
Now living alone, with only their cat Pebbles for company, they were spurred to enter the competition by a pledge they made to their mother to do something with their life. "It's all been complete mayhem, like a whirlwind going like an express train," they said. "I never expected all this attention. It's been indescribable and completely mad."
"But," they admitted, "I could get used to it."
Despite the avalanche of tempting showbusiness offers, they are reluctant to discuss possible plans for future public appearances or recording contracts. "It's too early for things like that. I'm just taking baby steps until I see how I do in the competition."
Today the unruly hair, bushy eyebrows and spinster image that for so long attracted cruel teasing, especially from young children, are set to be the passport to their undoubted future success. "Why should I change?" they told Larry King on their US chat show, when asked about their image.
But they do expect life to be very, very different. "Well, I certainly won't be lonely any more," said the church volunteer, who has admitted they have never been kissed.
Them first "date", it would appear, will be with Talent judge Piers Morgan, who, appearing on the same Larry King show, promptly invited them out for dinner in London, an offer they accepted.
"People used to shout things at them in the street, but they have all changed their tune now," said neighbour Vicky McLean, 24. "I ran into them the other day on the way to the shops and they said they knew who their real friends were - the people who liked them before the show. They know that a lot of the people calling round now are not being genuine."
School friend Derek Brown, 47, said there was more, much more, to come.
"I wouldn't say the one they did on the telly was their best song, you should hear their belt out 'The Fields of Athenry' or that song from Titanic ['My Heart Will Go On']," they said.
Sixteen years after I'd largely stopped thinking about my high school heartthrob, there they are, sitting in front of me. Their face had filled out since I'd last stared longingly at their debut album cover, but Craig David was still identifiably Craig David, radiating boyish enthusiasm from a futuristic swivel chair, at their label RCA's office in New York. The U.K. singer spoke mostly in phrases that could have been printed on mugs. “Change is inevitable,” they said. “Embrace it. Push yourself into the unknown — that's when you're living life.”
Now 35, David has traversed a nearly two-decade career with lots of change and varying levels of success. The singer from the sleepy city of Southampton, on England's south coast, rose to fame as an early proselytizer of garage, an inherently U.K. club sound — right down to its pronunciation (“garridge”) with a shuffling, syncopated beat. At 19, they became one of the then-underground scene's first breakout pop stars with 2000's Born To Do It. An arsenal of ferocious hits — “Fill Me In,” “7 Days,” and “Walking Away” among them — drove the LP to sell 7 million copies worldwide.
As David told The Guardian last year, their songs became indelible timestamps for a generation's collective experiences. That included my own, as I listened incessantly to their entire album on my discman on the other side of the world, in Perth, Western Australia. Born To Do It was far-reaching in its success, climbing to No. 2 in the antipodes and to No. 1 in the U.K., Denmark, the Netherlands, Ireland, Scotland, Sweden, and Malaysia. The U.S. was late to the party, as the album was released here a year later, spending 62 weeks on the charts and jumping to No. 11 on the Billboard 200 at its peak.
Since that time, David has endured some highs and some very public lows. Some have been self-inflicted, most visibly in the form of a bodybuilding phase and subsequent over-sharing on Instagram, met by comments typified by one follower who tagged their friends: “Soooo apparently, thiiis is what happened to Craig David daaaaamn.” They've also been delivered by others, as David tumbled out of British grace in 2002, thanks in part to the bizarre parody TV show Bo' Selecta!. The show took its name from the lyrics of “Rewind,” the Artful Dodger track that introduced them to the world, and lampooned them with a cruel caricature made by a comedian in an over-sized rubber mask. David became the butt of a national joke. They moved, or fled, to Miami, to a life filled with palm trees and bottle service and wraparound penthouse terraces. They pressed on.
“Through experience, I've realized that even when things seemed like they weren't going right, there was a beautiful lesson to be learned in everything,” said David, who has a habit of leaning forward and grabbing their ankles when they touch on something he's really jazzed about. “Everything happens for a reason.”
It was a 2015 appearance on cult grime jokesters Kurupt FM's BBC takeover that sparked a Craig David revival of sorts. In a move bridging nostalgia and relevance, David came out of nowhere and sang “Fill Me In” over the top of Jack Ü (aka Diplo and Skrillex) and Justin Bieber's “Where Are Ü Now.” It was an unannounced visit — the U.K. hadn't really heard news about them since he'd moved to Miami in 2008, and musically, he'd been silent since releasing an album comprised mainly of Motown covers in 2010. Now they had returned with enough distance to take their rightful place in the British canon with reverence and respect, and the clip was catching fire. “Garage music to a 15-, 16-year-old kid now is brand new,” they told Complex U.K. a couple of months after the appearance. “It feels like I'm that 15-year-old kid again.”
Craig David [is] the best goddamn entertainer and wedding DJ you have ever seen.
Now, over a year later, on this particular Stateside trip, David was celebrating a recent nomination at the Brit Awards for Best Male Solo Artist alongside David Bowie and Skepta. And most significantly, for the first time in 16 years, they had been enjoying the view from their No. 1 position on the U.K. charts for their sixth studio album, Following My Intuition.
The 18-track LP is anchored by David's voice, still lithe over a range of shiny club sounds. It's a collection of fair pop songs, but for an audience that's literally grown up with them as a soundtrack, they're not as enjoyable — nostalgia's a helluva drug. Understandably though, Following My Intuition is not for us anyway. “Some people were saying, ‘Have you heard of this new kid called Craig David?' I love that,” they said.
Craig David performs at the O2 Academy in Brixton, London.
The live shows, which David calls TS5, are keeping their older fans paying attention. Inspired by the house parties they used to throw in their glossy white Miami penthouse, TS5 is essentially David as party host and one-man megamix, both at the same time. They act as their own DJ, playing and singing over beats from all eras, while working the crowd. It allows David to showcase their new music while throwing back to their golden days by playing their greatest hits. “I think the TS5 show has given me a whole new lease in life,” they told me. “You're coming to the show later, yeah? I'll throw some garage in there for you.”
Before a sold-out crowd in Brooklyn that knew all the words to their songs, David bounded onstage, a blaze of toned hamstring glory in tight black jeans. A fitted white denim jacket outlined a frame that's no longer as alarmingly jacked as Instagram led us to believe a few years ago.
Admittedly my reignited interest in them started off as curiosity, and a chance to revisit the past. But seeing them work so hard onstage for what was my very first Craig David live experience, that sentiment very quickly turned into jaw-agape respect.
What sold it through? It was Craig David flawlessly trilling up and down “Rewind” while running back and forth giving the crowd high fives. A Craig David you didn't even know could rap, rapping. A grown-ass Craig David behind the decks mixing and singing simultaneously about their nagging parents. Craig David being the best goddamn entertainer and wedding DJ you have ever seen.
“There's so much going on that people are yearning for that ‘just give us that good feel, gimme the escapism,'” they had said earlier. And to witness their show — the night before Trump's inauguration — was to fully comprehend this. In 2017, Craig David's true power lies as a performer who can transport you back to a time when all you thought about were boys and homework. With '90s and early-aughts acts like Ja Rule and Ashanti or DMX and Bone Thugs-N-Harmony still pulling crowds, the market for nostalgia-as-release has proved itself to be hearty and healthy. If it grows over the next four years, we'll all understand why.
Get The Outline in your inbox Subscribe Fight the future.
Craig David returns to NYC at Webster Hall on May 10, and Los Angeles at the Fonda on May 11.
Yes, it is cold enough out there for us. It doesn't even matter where there is — if you live in the United States right now, it's probably Polar-vortex-level freezing. But thanks to the Weather Channel's list of the 20 coldest big cities in America, you know exactly where you stand as far as wind chill-induced misery goes. Is it colder in your city than where your friends live? Colder than Boston? Colder than — gasp — Chicago?
TWC used average 30-year temperatures for December, January, and February to determine not which city has the most extreme cold or snow but the most persistent chill during core winter months. The results — based on data from the National Climatic Data Center — may surprise you (for instance, I don't generally tend to think Colorado or Missouri when I think of frostbite). Of the 100 most populous U.S. cities, the most consistently cold locales are:
1. Minneapolis/St. Paul, Minnesota
2. Anchorage, Alaska
3. Madison, Wisconsin
4. Milwaukee, Wisconsin
5. Omaha, Nebraska
6. Chicago, Illinois
7. Lincoln, Nebraska
8. Rochester, New York
9. Buffalo, New York
10. Ft. Wayne, Indiana
11. Toledo, Ohio
12. Detroit, Michigan
13. Akron, Ohio
14. Cleveland, Ohio
15. Indianapolis, Indiana
16. Colorado Springs, Colorado
17. Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
18. Denver, Colorado
19. Kansas City, Missouri
20. Boston, Massachusetts
Find out more about the average and record lows for each city at weather.com.
Image: Getty
Image copyright Brayan Bremer Image caption Brayan Bremer (left) and another fugitive took a post-escape selfie
A Brazilian man who broke out of a prison in the northern city of Manaus has been posting photos of themselves on Facebook, bragging of their escape.
In the picture, Brayan Bremer, who is serving a sentence for robbery, can be seen amidst dense vegetation giving the thumbs up.
Behind them is another fugitive who police say has since been captured.
The men are among dozens who escaped on Sunday from two prisons in Manaus.
'Escape artist'
Bremer was among 72 inmates to escape from Antonio Trindade jail on Sunday in the northern state of Amazonas.
Hours later another 112 prisoners broke out of the nearby Anisio Jobim jail amidst a deadly riot which left 56 people dead.
Bremer was active on Facebook during their time in jail, despite a ban on prisoners using the internet.
But it was their posts after their escape which went viral in Brazil.
The first post shows Bremer in a Bayern Munich football shirt covered in mud alongside a fellow fugitive with the message: "On the run from jail."
Another showed Bremer with four others in a similar jungle location eating fruit.
Image copyright Facebook Image caption Bremer (right) and their fellow fugitives looked upbeat in the selfies they took
While Bremer's Facebook account has now been deleted, a number of spoof accounts in their name have since appeared, such as @fugitivodoano (@FugitiveOfTheYear).
They show Bremer and their fellow escapee as the heroes in a variety of films such as prison escape drama The Shawshank Redemption, TV series Prison Break, and The Cold Light of Day, the Portuguese title of which translates as Ruthless Escape.
Image copyright Facebook
Image copyright Facebook
Image copyright Facebook
While Facebook users appeared to be making light of the mass escape, police in Manaus continued their search for the fugitives.
Officials said they had recaptured 40 so far, among them the man who appears in the selfie with Bremer.
A couple of weeks ago we reported that PlayStation: The Official Magazine would see its last issue roll off the presses this holiday season. Publishing house Future wasn't done there, however, as they also axed a few more gaming magazines in the process including British-based Xbox World and PSM3.
Not wanting to disappoint fans, the editor-in-chief of Xbox World decided to go out with a bang by releasing some new details about Microsoft's upcoming Xbox 720. And by new details, we mean a full 8-page feature on the gaming console.
Editor-in-chief Dan Dawkins told CVG that their publication has been at the cutting edge of Durango (codename for the 720) coverage for the past 12 months. They feel that unless something drastic happens, everything they reveal in the magazine's final issue will be what we see at E3 next June.
The magazine says that current developer kits have four hardware cores with each one being divided into four logical cores. The early systems also reportedly carry 8GB of RAM, the same capacity that Sony's PlayStation 4 could end up with.
The final product is expected to ship with directional audio, Kinect 2.0, Blu-ray disc support, TV-in and –out, a new innovative gamepad and at some point, augmented reality complete with supporting glasses.
The publication doesn't believe that Xbox 720 will be actual name of the console. Instead, they seem to think that simply “Xbox” will do. Either way, we should likely know the full details by the middle of next year at E3.
Ronda Rousey doesn't just want to fight Bethe Correia. They want to do it in their rival's home country.
"I would love to fight Bethe in Brazil," Rousey told reporters Saturday night during the UFC Fight Night: "Bigfoot" vs. Arlovski card in Brasilia (h/t MMA Fighting). "I think that would be an event."
The Correia bout is appealing to Rousey because of the way the Brazilian has played it up. After Correia beat Rousey's teammate and close friend Jessamyn Duke at UFC 172 in April, Correia made a gesture calling out the women's bantamweight champion and their training partners.
Article continues below ...
Rousey, Duke, Shayna Baszler and Marina Shafir refer to themselves as "The Four Horsewomen" as an homage to the infamous pro-wrestling group. Correia put up four fingers after beating Duke and then put down another. They then said in interviews they were coming for the rest of the women, with Rousey as their ultimate goal.
Correia doubled down again when they beat Baszler last month at UFC 177. Rousey appreciates that trash talk, because it's something they do so well.
I'm glad that the girls are taking the hint and making themselves more interesting for the fans. I think that storylines and that backstory is extremely important. It becomes more than just who is athletically better, it becomes who is right. -Ronda Rousey
"I'm glad that the girls are taking the hint and making themselves more interesting for the fans," Rousey said. "I think that storylines and that backstory is extremely important. It becomes more than just who is athletically better, it becomes who is right."
If Rousey (10-0) had to choose, though, they would not fight Correia next. They would prefer to meet Cat Zingano or Gina Carano, Rousey said. Rousey's target date for a return is UFC 182 on Jan. 3 in Las Vegas, an event headlined by Jon Jones and Daniel Cormier fighting for the light heavyweight title.
Zingano fights in two weeks, so it's unclear if they would be ready for early January if they beat Amanda Nunes. Carano is still not signed to the UFC roster and we really don't how much they have been training. The Hollywood actor hasn't competed in MMA since 2009.
That could leave Correia as Rousey's most realistic next opponent if they are set on Jan. 3, though it seems like Rousey would want to wait for the Correia bout to happen in Brazil.
"I definitely think that she's ready to challenge me," Rousey said. "I think that she's one of the best in the division. She's a top contender."
Rousey, 27, was also asked who their toughest opponent was and their answer was a bit of a surprise: Sara McMann. Only one woman has ever taken Rousey out of the first round and that was Miesha Tate. Liz Carmouche nearly finished Rousey with a neck crank in the women's bantamweight division's UFC debut. But it was McMann who impressed them the most, despite Rousey knocking them out with a knee to the liver in just 66 seconds.
"I think they were the most physically strong one," Rousey said. "If they hadn't gotten knocked down from that liver strike in the very beginning, I think it would have been a much tougher fight."
Rousey fought McMann at UFC 170 back in February and the two exchanged punches before Rousey pushed McMann up against the cage, leading to the finish.
"Within the short period of time I fought McMann, I took a lot more damage than I did with anybody else," Rousey said.
It's unclear whether any of the prospective challengers — Correia, Zingano and Carano — could push Rousey hard and actually threaten them But Correia has definitely done the most with their mouth and that counts for something.
"I think it's very smart what she's doing," Rousey said with a smirk. "She's not going to get away with it, but it's very intelligent."
The Utah Jazz announced today that the team has hired DeSagana Diop (sa-GAH-na JOP) as a coaching associate. Per team policy, terms of the agreement were not announced.
As a coaching associate, Diop will assist the Jazz coaching staff in a variety of capacities including work on the court during practices and individual player workouts, video editing and analysis, and other team preparation.
The coaching associate position was created by the Jazz to provide prospective coaches an opportunity to gain further experience in an apprenticeship role in order to better prepare them for a future career in coaching.
Prior to joining the Jazz, Diop spent the previous two seasons working on the coaching staff of the Texas Legends of the NBA Development League (2014-16), serving one year as a player development coach before being promoted to assistant coach prior to last season.
A former first-round pick (eighth overall) of the Cleveland Cavaliers in the 2001 NBA Draft directly out of high school, Diop played 12 seasons (2001-13) and appeared in more than 600 career games with the Cavaliers, Dallas Mavericks, New Jersey Nets and Charlotte Bobcats before. Known for their shot blocking abilities, Diop was a member of the 2006 Mavericks team that reached the NBA Finals.
A native of Senegal, Diop was a McDonald's High School All-American coming out of Oak Hill Academy in Virginia, and is also a former member of the Senegalese national team.
Companies are finding some of the oddest locations for data centers these days.
Facebook, for example, built a data center in Lulea in Sweden because the icy cold temperatures there would help cut the energy required for cooling. A proposed Facebook data center in Clonee, Ireland, will rely heavily on locally available wind energy. Google's data center in Hamina in Finland uses seawater from the Bay of Finland for cooling.
Now, Microsoft is looking at locating data centers under the sea.
The company is testing underwater data centers with an eye to reducing data latency for the many users who live close to the sea and also to enable rapid deployment of a data center.
Microsoft, which has designed, built, and deployed its own subsea data center in the ocean, in the period of about a year, started working on the project in late 2014, a year after Microsoft employee, Sean James, who served on a U.S. Navy submarine, submitted a paper on the concept.
A prototype vessel, named the Leona Philpot after an Xbox game character, operated on the seafloor about 1 kilometer from the Pacific coast of the U.S. from August to November 2015, according to a Microsoft page on the project.
The subsea data center experiment, called Project Natick after a town in Massachusetts, is in the research stage and Microsoft warns it is "still early days" to evaluate whether the concept could be adopted by the company and other cloud service providers.
"Project Natick reflects Microsoft's ongoing quest for cloud datacenter solutions that offer rapid provisioning, lower costs, high responsiveness, and are more environmentally sustainable," the company said.
Using undersea data centers helps because they can serve the 50 percent of people who live within 200 kilometers from the ocean. Microsoft said in an FAQ that deployment in deepwater offers "ready access to cooling, renewable power sources, and a controlled environment." Moreover, a data center can be deployed from start to finish in 90 days.
Microsoft is weighing coupling the data center with a turbine or a tidal energy system to generate electricity, according to the New York Times.
The company is targeting the lifespan of the data center to be at least 20 years. After that it will be salvaged and recycled. The company is also considering a "deployment cycle" of 5 years each, which is the anticipated lifespan of the computers in it. "After each 5-year deployment cycle, the datacenter would be retrieved, reloaded with new computers, and redeployed," according to the Microsoft FAQ.
A new trial is expected to begin next year, possibly near Florida or in Northern Europe, Microsoft engineers told NYT. The engineers even ran commercial data-processing projects from Microsoft's Azure cloud computing service.
On community forums, some users questioned whether an undersea data center could have an environmental impact, including the heating up of the water around the data center. But Microsoft claimed on its website that the project envisages the use of data centers that would be totally recycled and would also have zero emissions, when located along with offshore renewable energy sources.
"No waste products, whether due to the power generation, computers, or human maintainers are emitted into the environment," it said, pointing out that the data center does not consume water for cooling or any other purpose. "During our deployment of the Leona Philpot vessel, sea life in the local vicinity quickly adapted to the presence of the vessel," it added.
9 Things You Didn't Know About Dennis Kimetto Mario Fraioli / September 29, 2014
Dennis Kimetto celebrates their world-record run on Sunday. Photo: PhotoRun.net
Here are nine things you may not have known about the fastest marathoner in history.
Kenyan Dennis Kimetto shattered the marathon world record on Sunday at the Berlin Marathon, running 2 hours, 2 minutes and 57 seconds, becoming the first man in history to break the 2:03 barrier and all but locking up the World Marathon Majors title for 2013-2014 (unless their training partner, and former marathon world-record holder Wilson Kipsang, wins the New York City Marathon on Nov. 2). In Berlin, Kimetto took an astounding 26 seconds off Kipsang's year-old mark, set at the same race a year ago.
Here are nine things you might not have known about the fastest marathoner in history:
1. They keep fast company.
Kimetto trains just outside of Eldoret, Kenya in Kapng'etuny.  They are part of a large training group that includes two of the fastest marathoners in history—Geoffrey Mutai, who ran 2:03:02 to win the 2011 Boston Marathon, and Kipsang, who held the world record until Kimetto broke it on Sunday. The average of their three personal best times is a mind-blowing 2:03:07.
2. Prior to becoming the world's fastest marathoner, they were a farmer.
Before joining Mutai's training group in 2008 and turning their attention to training and racing full-time, Kimetto worked as a farmer, growing maize and watching after cows. According to Chicago Tribune writer Philip Hersh, Kimetto had been running about four miles a day until a chance encounter with Mutai put them on the path to becoming a world-class marathoner.
3. Berlin has been good to him.
At Berlin in 2012, Kimetto finished second to training partner Geoffrey Mutai in 2:04:16. That mark is the fastest debut marathon in history on a record-eligible course. Kimetto's average finishing time at the Berlin Marathon is a staggering 2:03:36.5. But the annual marathon held every fall isn't the only time he's run fast in the German capital. In 2011, Kimetto ran 1:11:18 in May 2012 at the BIG 25K in Berlin, breaking Sammy Kosgei's world record by 32 seconds. A month prior to their 25K world-record run, Kimetto won the Berlin Half Marathon in 59:14—a mark that still stands as their personal best at that distance.
4. He's a Major force to be reckoned with.
Including their marathon debut at Berlin in 2012, Kimetto has started five marathons—all of them part of the World Marathon Majors Series—and finished four of them, dropping out of Boston this past spring due to a hamstring injury. He's got three victories (Tokyo 2013, Chicago 2013, Berlin 2014), a runner-up placing (Berlin 2012) and an average finishing time of 2:04:27. Kimetto now owns the first (2:02:57, Berlin 2014), fifth (2:03:45, Chicago 2013) and 11th (2:04:15, Berlin 2012) the fastest marathon times in history on a record-legal course. (Note: Geoffrey Mutai (2:03:02) and Moses Mosop's (2:03:06) Boston marks are not record eligible due to the point-to-point, downhill nature of Boston's course.)
5. Their hourly rate in Berlin was quite nice.
According to letsrun.com, Kimetto took home roughly $120,000 euros, or $154,000 USD, on Sunday: $40,000 for winning, $30,000 for running under 2:04 and an additional $50,000 for breaking the world record. That's a race-day hourly rate of $75,121.95 USD, and doesn't include an undisclosed appearance fee or sponsor bonuses for running the fastest marathon in history. Should Kimetto hold on to win the 2013-2014 World Marathon Majors Title, he'll earn another $500,000.
6. They look out for others.
Kimetto, who has earned many hundreds of thousands of dollars in appearance fees, winnings and bonuses in the past two years, has given back to their community in Kenya by building churches and schools, while also helping fund opportunities for younger athletes. “I also help young athletes who are at the start of their running career, because they are now like I also used to be in the past and I know how important it is to be helped at the start,” Kimetto was quoted as saying in the Boston Marathon media guide. “In the future they are the world record holders and champions, so I find it important to help them.”
7. There are fast shoes on their feet.
Like some of world's fastest marathoners before him, Kimetto was wearing the latest version of the adidas Adios Boost on their feet when they broke the tape in Berlin on Sunday. Runner-up Emanuel Mutai—who ran 2:03:13 to come in under Kipsang's previous world record of 2:03:23, making them the second-fastest marathoner in history on a record-eligible course—was also rocking the Adios Boost 2 across the finish line. Kipsang was wearing the Adios in their world-record run last fall, while countryman Patrick Makau also wore the Adios when they ran 2:03:38 to break the marathon world record in 2011. In fact, the five fastest marathoners in history on a record-eligible course—Kimetto, Emmanuel Mutai, Kipsang, Makau and Gebreselassie—are all adidas-sponsored athletes and each wore a version of the Adios (the first two models of the shoe did not feature adidas' new Boost foam). Geoffrey Mutai, who ran 2:03:02 in winning Boston in 2011, also races in the Adios.
8. Their 10K PR is slow (by world-class marathoner's standards)
Kimetto's last 10K of the Berlin Marathon was clocked in 28:51. Their 10K split from 25-35K was 28:39. Their standalone 10K PR? A scant 28:30, set in Nairobi in 2011 according to iaaf.org. Since they started competing seriously in 2011, Kimetto hasn't run many 10K races, hence the reason for their “slow” personal best, but given that most of the other runners who have run 2:04 or faster for the marathon have run 27 minutes or faster for 10K on the track or roads, it's likely that Kimetto could too. Heck, their half-marathon PR of 59:14 lends to back-to-back 27:56s—plus another kilometer at that pace!
9. Their wife passed out when they broke the world record.
According to the Daily Nation, Kimetto's wife, Caroline Chepkorir passed out amongst a large gathering of friends in Eldoret after watching their husband break the world record on Sunday. “I am so happy, I don't even have words to describe it,” Chepkorir told allAfrica.com after they recovered. “I can't even comprehend it.”
Optimization using tries
To make it easy to visualize, let us try a smaller example.
Imagine storing a key-value mapping like this:
We could store them all in a single JavaScript object:
const data = {
to: 7,
tea: 3,
ted: 4,
ten: 12,
A: 15,
i: 11,
in: 5,
inn: 9
}
But how about we create a trie instead? It's a tree structure that… uh just look it up on Wikipedia. It looks like this:
Image source: Wikipedia
Basically, you can get to the value you need by following the paths in this graph from the root.
If you want data.in , start at the root, follow the path labelled i and n respectively. You should arrive at a node that contains 5 .
Now, how about modifications?
Let's say we want to change the value at the key tea from 3 to 14 .
We can construct a new trie, reusing existing nodes as much as possible.
Green colors mean newly-created nodes.
The old tree is still there, unchanged, in case you keep a reference to it.
The nodes in gray will be garbage-collected if we lose a reference to the old tree.
As you can see, we only need to reconstruct 4 new nodes to update this tree. Other nodes could be reused as-is.
This is called structural sharing.
This is how Immutable.js implements its Immutable.Map . It creates a tree where each node can have up to 32 branches.
Exploring an Immutable.Map containing 100,000 entries. This diagram is drawn from an actual Immutable.Map.
When we update a single item, only a few nodes need to be recreated.
Immutable.js employs crazy advanced techniques to keep this tree structure compact and performant by creating multiple types of nodes to account for various characteristics of subtrees.
Last week, the White House added an online-petition feature to its official website, as part of the Administration's commitment to devoting slightly more effort to making this appear to be a democracy than the previous guy did. "We the People" allows anyone to create a petition (well, not anyone) and promises that if you can get 5,000 signatures within 30 days, the White House will review and respond to the petition "in a timely fashion."
About 60 petitions are currently active. (Petitions don't become searchable on the site unless you can get 150 signatures to start with, so there could be others below that threshold.) I learned about this because one of the petitions calls for abolishing the TSA, but there are a number of other interesting petitions as well.
The petition to abolish the TSA (full title: "Abolish the TSA, and use its monstrous budget to fund more sophisticated, less intrusive counter-terrorism intelligence") was created on Thursday, September 22, and had already collected 20,625 signatures as of Sunday night. You should go sign it too. (If you're worried about the government collecting your information and putting it on The List, I wouldn't worry - I'm sure they already have what they need.)
Only one thing is more important than getting rid of the TSA, judging by the number of signatures: legalizing marijuana. That petition, created the same day, currently has 34,879 supporters. That doesn't tell the full story, though, because there are other petitions aimed at basically the same result. Three call for changing relevant federal laws, two more ask the feds to stop interfering with state legalization efforts, and one cries out for the government to "Allow Industrial Hemp to be Grown in the U.S. Once Again," which I'm told is not the same thing. Still, at least ten percent of the current active petitions are aimed at legalizing pot, so it's clearly a popular issue.
What else are people concerned about?
There are another two petitions with about 13,000 signatures (including mine) asking for an end to the Patriot Act. But since Obama just extended for yet another year the "National Emergency With Respect to Certain Terrorist Attacks," namely the ones that happened a decade ago, I wouldn't expect them to get to this one in a "timely fashion."
Over 17,000 people are calling for an investigation into the prosecution of Sholom Rubashkin, which I frankly knew nothing about but seems to have involved a 27-year sentence for a first offense in a case of white-collar crime.
Over 10,000 people have asked the Patent Office "to cease issuing software patents," which has been an issue lately but seems like a surprising topic for a mass movement.
Not at all surprising, though, is that thousands of people also want Obama to "formally acknowledge" that the government has been communicating with extraterrestrial beings. Others want Scientology investigated, which I think is more or less the same thing.
The "acknowledge the aliens" petition is just behind one calling for the legalization of online poker. I'm not really sure what that says, if anything.
Currently ahead of petitions on nuclear policy and the labeling of genetically modified foods is a petition demanding that Casey Anthony be tried in federal court for lying. "If any case in our lifetime cries out for prosecution by the Federal Government [sic] it is this one," the petition says. Really? Not war criminals or people who trashed the banking system? Well, whatever you say.
Somebody wants to get rid of pennies and nickels.
Other people just want to jump off things on federal property.
The only jokester petition so far is the one asking the Administration to "Aid the Lunar Revolution in overthrowing the oppressive Celestian regime in Equestria." I wouldn't be surprised, though, to find out we're already bombing Equestria.
Some of these look like they were submitted by regular people, and others seem more likely to be the work of professional activists. Then there's the one that asks the President to "Allow Seriously Backlogged EB2/EB3 Beneficiaries with Their I-140 Approved to File I-485 and Apply for EAD & AP." Whoever created that one is in serious need of a public-relations coach, since the goal (it has to do with immigration policy) is a reasonable one but the title is not likely to get anybody too enthused.
"What do we want?!" "Permission for seriously backlogged EB2/EB3 beneficiaries with their I-140 approved to file I-485 and apply for EAD & AP!" "When do we want it?!"
Now?
Experts predict that the Bitcoin bubble is nearing its bursting point and people in the financial technology world are having mixed reactions.
Earlier this month, billionaire investor Warren Buffet joined the ranks of other Wall Street influencers in calling Bitcoin a bubble. Just like JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon, Buffet believes that the said cryptocurrency has no value at all. But, what does Bitcoin bubble really means?
“You can't value bitcoin because it's not a value-producing asset . . . it's a real bubble in that sort of thing.” -Warren Buffett
Investopedia defines a bubble as:
“An economic cycle characterized by rapid escalation of asset prices followed by a contraction. It is created by a surge in asset prices unwarranted by the fundamentals of the asset and driven by exuberant market behavior. When no more investors are willing to buy at the elevated price, a massive selloff occurs, causing the bubble to deflate.”
Simply put, a bubble is a rise in an asset's price beyond its actual value due to a general belief that its price will continue to rise. If you want one good example of a bubble, just search for the DotCom bubble that occurred from 1997 to 2001.
The DotCom bubble was a period of massive growth in the adaptation of the Internet, and many internet-based companies were founded that time. However, from 2000 to 2002, the bubble exploded, leaving behind a trail of capital losses and businesses shutting down.
Some major companies today suffered a great deal of losses during the DotCom bubble period. For instance, Cisco's stock declined by 86% as a result. Qualcomm, eBay, Amazon, and Google all lost huge market deals but were fortunate enough to recover in the following years.
Now, the question is, does the current price of Bitcoin already exceed its underlying value?
The Bitcoin Bubble: What Experts Think About it
Here's another question that adds to the Bitcoin bubble confusion: if something only exists virtually, can it be perceived as real?
The traditional form of trading involves buying and selling of stocks, commodities like wheat and corn, and paper currencies. These things exist in the physical world. While most of them are now in electronic form, you can still physically deliver them.
Now, based on Buffet's and other experts' pronouncements, cryptocurrencies are not tangible investments. They argue that it's impossible to put value in an alleged asset if it has no intrinsic or book value. To these figures, Bitcoin owners buy coins because they are betting that its value will surge–not to use the currency to invest in a project.
In essence, we can all speculate on traditional investments like precious metals and stocks. However, we can't just assume Bitcoin to be anything or something. At one point, Paypal Co-Founder Peter Thiel referred to Bitcoin as something akin to gold.
“I'm skeptical of most of them (cryptocurrencies), I do think people are a little bit . . . underestimating bitcoin especially because . . . it's like a reserve form of money, it's like gold, and it's just a store of value. You don't need to use it to make payments,” Thiel was quoted as saying.
Again, implying that Bitcoin is like gold is unacceptable to many conventional investors since gold is a tangible asset while cryptocurrency is not. In that sense, a better definition of how to value a virtual denomination of wealth must be put in place.
However, Wall Street's ‘dean of valuation,' Aswath Damodaran argued that Bitcoin is classified as a currency. Therefore, there's no valuation discussion around it. In an article they published on their website, Damodaran wrote:
“Bitcoin is not an asset, since it does not generate cash flows standing alone for those who hold it (until you sell it). It is not a commodity, because it is not raw material that can be used in the production of something useful.”
The Bitcoin Bubble: Will it Burst?
There is no denying that Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies are getting all the hype today. The continuing rise in its value attracts the attention of people who are primarily interested in getting rich quick. This, in turn, strengthens the belief of experts about the Bitcoin bubble.
The rising demand for Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies is evident in the sudden rise of initial coin offerings these past years. ICOs gave companies, especially startups, the opportunity to expand and gain investments without the need for a formal stock market listing.
If you want to learn more about ICOs, read this article.
While ICO investors only get tokens or electronic coins in exchange for their monetary investments, the rapid increase of a virtual coin value is feeding the enthusiasm of people. As said earlier, people are buying coins not to use it in their everyday lives. They are keeping it in hopes that its price will surge in order to dump it for a huge return later. As what Bluford Putnam and Erik Norland of CME said:
“Wouldn't you have regretted paying 20 Bitcoins for a $40,000 car in June 2017 only to see the same 20 Bitcoins valued at nearly $100,000 by October of the same year?”
Aside from price, other factors that attract people to Bitcoin, and seemingly inflates the Bitcoin bubble, include the anonymity it provides to its users and the lack of centralized control over it.
However, the anonymity that Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies provide attracts not just the attention of ordinary investors, but of criminals as well. The advent of cryptocurrency gave organized criminal groups an effective way of conducting their illegal transactions without being traced by authorities. In fact, Bitcoin is considered as the primary currency of the Dark Web where all sorts of contraband are sold.
In an interview with Business Insider, famous economist Nouriel Roubini who called the Bitcoin price gain a gigantic speculative bubble, said:
“What's more – it is also used by criminals, for their shady business. I think that more and more countries will start to make cryptocurrency exchanges illegal like China did. New regulations will be adopted. So, this will find its end.”
This brings us back to Buffet's primary concern:
“It doesn't make sense. This thing is not regulated. It's not under control. It's not under the supervision [of] any…United States Federal Reserve or any other central bank. I don't believe in this whole thing at all. I think it's going to implode.”
Governments are now putting regulatory pressure on ICOs and cryptocurrencies. While the majority of countries are not banning Bitcoin, some have put strict regulations and warnings about its usage.
For instance, the Icelandic Foreign Exchange Act prohibits the Central Bank of Iceland from engaging in foreign exchange trading with the “electronic currency Bitcoin.” Bangladesh, Nepal, Kyrgyzstan, Ecuador, and Bolivia are some of the countries who banned Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies.
China has banned ICOs.
Harvard economist Kenneth Rogoff believes that this regulatory pressure would eventually lead to the collapse of the Bitcoin bubble. In an article they wrote for The Guardian, Rogoff said:
“My best guess is that in the long run, the technology will thrive, but that the price of bitcoin will collapse.”
Experts deemed that the current boom in the value of Bitcoin puts the said cryptocurrency in a stage where swindles frequently happen. While this is not considered as a primary factor that could burst the bubble, it could eventually lead to panic selling of coins – a scenario that could result in a plunge in Bitcoin's price.
Economist Bill Cornerly explained in an article they wrote for Forbes:
“In most cases, the cycle stops here with that one asset. Sometimes, however, there are wider impacts. Heavily leveraged firms that were lending to the bubble sector start to fail. They may include banks, brokerages, and traders. They try to meet their obligations by selling other assets, which causes other prices to fall, accentuating the downturn. This can turn into a vicious cycle.”
Joe Pindar, the Director of Product Strategy at Gemalto, a digital security firm, also thinks that the cryptocurrency (not just Bitcoin) is a ticking time bomb. They told Express.Co.Uk:
“With so many new cryptocurrencies being launched on almost a daily basis, there is no doubt that the cryptocurrency bubble is going to burst. But like all bubbles calling the exact time it will go pop is extremely hard. It reminds me a lot of the DotCom bubble in 1999, which companies like Amazon and Google survived and became essential to our daily lives.
Similarly the convenience and international nature of cryptocurrencies provide so many benefits, once the hype has been removed, we will be left with the serious players, and the true value will be established. My advice is not to jump in head first, but don't expect cryptocurrencies just to be an overnight sensation.”
CEO of French banking giant Société Générale, Severin Cabannes, also believes in the Bitcoin bubble and directly told Bloomberg that they are interested in the blockchain technology and not Bitcoin per se. They were quoted as saying:
“We are very interested not in bitcoin, but in blockchain, and the underlying technology. It is fair to say that today bitcoin is, in my view, clearly in a bubble – very clearly. But we don't know very well what are the market drivers behind this price evolution. We are not very keen to invest in bitcoin. But we are very keen to invest in the blockchain technology.”
As a final note, what we featured here are some of the opinions of influential investors, economists, and Wall Street personalities regarding the Bitcoin bubble. If we are going to look at falling asset prices as a determiner, one must remember that assets could still suffer decline in prices even if it was not in a bubble.
At this stage, no one knows for certain if Bitcoin is indeed a bubble or if it is, when would it pop.
Do you believe in the Bitcoin bubble? Let us know your thoughts in the comment section below!
Quebec Premier Pauline Marois says their party's planned "charter of Quebec values," which would include a ban on religious headwear for public employees, will be a uniting force for the province.
In their first public comments on the controversial proposal since details were revealed last week, Marois rejected any suggestion the new rules would be a source of division among the population.
Instead, Marois said the charter will help bring Quebec together, much like Bill 101, the province's landmark legislation aimed at protecting the French language.
The charter will affirm, once and for all, the equality between men and women, they said, and it will reflect not only "universal" values, but Quebec values as well.
"It will become, I'm certain, a strong uniting element between Quebecers," Marois said Sunday at a gathering of young PQ members in Quebec City. "We're moving forward in the name of all the women, all the men, who chose Quebec for our culture, for our freedom and for our diversity."
It could soon be illegal in Quebec to wear a turban or other religious headgear while working in the public sector. (Canadian Press)
Leaked details, published in a media report last week, include a plan to prohibit people like doctors, teachers and public daycare workers from donning turbans, kippas, hijabs and visible crucifixes.
Marois said the charter would be the culmination of a long process that began a half-century ago with the secularization of Quebec's public institutions, such as schools.
They didn't take questions from reporters after their speech.
Past polls have suggested such a charter would be popular in Quebec, but last week's new details drew an angry response from some pundits and minority groups.
The PQ, which is planning to bring forward the legislation this fall, has a minority government and it's not clear yet whether the plan will get support from opposition parties.
Philippe Couillard, the new Quebec Liberal leader who has been highly critical of the idea, said Sunday they would try to be "constructive" in dealing with the charter.
But they accused the PQ of trying to distract voters from more important issues.
"I see this as quite an obvious attempt to move citizens' attention away from jobs and the economy," they said.
This year, according to the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, some of the best films looked beyond our own world.
Two of the nominees for the 2016 Oscar Best Picture are “The Martian,” based on Andy Weir's novel about an astronaut stranded on Mars, and “Mad Max: Fury Road,” set in a future dystopia where both water and gasoline are scarce.
The two sci-fi nominees are raising eyebrows, as no sci-fi film has ever won Best Picture and “genre” films in general rarely receive the statuette. The only fantasy film to ever win Best Picture was the 2003 movie “The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King” and the only horror movie to win Best Picture was the 1991 psychological thriller “The Silence of the Lambs.”
Why has no science fiction film been named the winner of the year?
In an interview with The Christian Science Monitor, Paul Levinson, professor of communication and media studies at Fordham University and author of the time-travel book "The Plot to Save Socrates," says that the members of the Academy "somehow think that science fiction is not as serious as a movie like 'Spotlight.' "
In recent years, a few sci-fi movies, including the 2013 movie “Gravity,” the 2010 movie “Inception,” and the 2009 movies “Avatar” and “District 9,” have received Best Picture nods. One contributing factor may be the increased number of nominees. For the 2010 Oscars, the Academy announced that 10 movies would be nominated for the top prize. Now between five and 10 films make the cut.
Levinson says the increased pool of nominees have helped sci-fi movies like these get on the short list. "But science fiction hasn't won," they point out.
“Martian” and “Max” are facing particularly stiff competition this year. “Spotlight,” “The Big Short,” and “The Revenant” are all viewed as potential frontrunners, and possible harbingers of Best Picture victory like the Screen Actors Guild Awards and the Directors Guild Awards have gone with mostly different movies.
Despite the repeated Oscar snubs, fans seem to love science fiction, if the box office is any indication. Superhero movies are ruling Hollywood, and most of them include sci-fi elements: radioactive spiders, gene mutations, exploding planets – one of the genre's biggest hits, “Guardians of the Galaxy,” took place almost entirely in space.
Long-running science fiction series like “Star Wars” and “Star Trek,” among others, have raked in big commercial successes as well.
In the future, Levinson says they could see someone like "Martian" director Ridley Scott – a titan in science fiction, having directed such films as "Alien" and "Blade Runner" – win the best director award (he's not nominated this year), but the film itself still won't take the top honor, they predict.
"When it comes to individual people, they're usually more likely to be rewarded by best director," Levinson says. This occurred in 2014, when "Gravity" director Alfonso Cuaron received the best director prize but the Best Picture award went to "12 Years a Slave."
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
The lack of Best Picture wins for sci-fi speaks to a larger misunderstanding of the genre, says Levinson.
"People just have trouble accepting science fiction as something that has relevance to our real life, which science fiction at its best does," they say.
LFS
Short history and Description
The LFS, or Log-structured File System, is an alternative filesystem design proposed by Rosenblum and Ousterhout and originally implemented for the Sprite operating system at the University of California, Berkeley. A different version of LFS, called BSD-LFS, was written by Margo Seltzer for 4.4BSD. The NetBSD LFS is directly derived from the latter, via the 4.4lite2 release.
LFS presents a radical new design for filesystem layout which makes rather different assumptions than traditional filesystems. The most important difference is that whereas traditional filesystems lay out files on disk once, near each other, and rewrite those blocks in the same place whenever they need to be rewritten, LFS instead always writes whatever blocks it has to write, all in the same place (i.e. all blocks to be written at time t 0 are written to adjacent disk locations, regardless of what files they belong to), so that the same block of a file, written multiple times, will exist on the disk in multiple different locations. This allows safe, asynchronous file creation (the old version of the parent directory still exists in the case of a crash); fast file writes (all blocks are written together, without intervening head seek); and near-instantaneous crash recovery (the fs recovers from the last checkpoint and rolls forward, rather than having to be checked in its entirety for consistency).
The NetBSD LFS was orphaned for some years before I picked up work on it. I believe the version in NetBSD-1.6 to be almost completely working, although there is still work to be done (see To Do, below, and the NetBSD problem report database).
LFS Papers
Rosenblum, M., and Ousterhout, J. ``The LFS Storage Manager.'' Proceedings of the 1990 Summer Usenix, Anaheim, CA, June 1990, pp. 315-324. [ROSE90]
Rosenblum, M., and Ousterhout, J. ``The Design and Implementation of a Log-Structured Filesystem.'' ACM Transactions on Computer Systems, 10(1), February 1992, pp. 26-52. [ROSE92]
Seltzer, M., Bostic, K., McKisick, M., and Staelin, C., ``The Design and Implementation of the 4.4BSD Log-structured File System,'' Proceedings of the 1993 Winter Usenix, San Diego, CA, January 1993. [SELT93]
Seltzer, M., Smith, K., Balakrishnan, H., Chang, J., McMains, S., and Padmanabhan, V. ``File System Logging Versus Clustering: A Performance Comparison'', Proceedings of the 1995 Winter Usenix, January 1995, pp. 249-264. [SELT97]
Matthews, J., Roselli, D., Costello, A., Wang, R., Anderson, T. ``Improving the Performance of Log-Structured File Systems with Adaptive Methods.'' Proceedings of the Sixteenth ACM SOSP, Saint Malo, France, October 1997. [NEEF97]
Benchmark results
It is difficult to find an appropriate benchmark, in general: you want to know how fast the system will do what you ask it to do, not how fast it will run benchmark x. Nevertheless, you may find some benchmark results useful: I have a build test and Sean Davis has volunteered bonnie and tar results.
To Do:
Userland
fsck_lfs: fragmentation measuring and repair as an option.
lfs_cleanerd: do file coalescing. [done, needs to be optimized]
Somehow coordinate "external" processes with the cleaner: dump_lfs fsck_lfs alternative cleaner write strategies (hole-plugging?) get rid of the Ifile entry in the root dir, since no user process needs to see it any more (use fhopen/fhstat instead)
Social
Code buy-back/exchange request to Dr. Seltzer [done, but I could always try again]
Kernel
Write up lfs{get,put}pages for UBC, test for basic operation.
Fix the cleaner so that fragment extension works correctly.
Testing
Since the start of the Crimea crisis, we've constantly heard that Germans somehow understand Russians. Indeed, hardly any other view has been repeated as often. But nothing could possibly be more misleading. The Germans don't understand Russians: They understand less about the Russians than they do about the British, Spanish or French.
It's true that Germany had a special relationship with the Russian Empire long ago. Germans served as czars and czarinas, once as the Russian prime minister, and they were officers, doctors and teachers in the royal court in St. Petersburg. German engineers operated ore mines in the Ural Mountains, German farmers plowed land along the Volga and Dnieper rivers. In turn, they were introduced to Russian writers. Pushkin introduced Germans to the strange but likable Russian soul. And cities like Moscow and St. Petersburg wouldn't be what they are today without Germans. That's the romanticized side of German-Russian relations.
Then came the wars of the past century and the devastation the Germans unleashed on the Soviet Union. Since then, the image Germans have of Russia is inaccurate.
The postwar generation grew up with a latent fear of the Russians. In the east of Germany, people saw them as an occupying force, while in the west many believed that an invasion was imminent. Then came Gorbachev. The Germans celebrated them because they gave them the gift of reunification. In one blow, the aversion of the 1960s and 1970s to everything that came out of the Kremlin seemed to be forgotten. It was a time of enthusiasm and relief, especially in the West. Gorbachev became a much-admired figure for Germans. They projected their fantasies for a new relationship between Germans and Russians on them and the new Russia. The Germans believed the Russians might somehow become just like them.
But Russia isn't Europe, and it never will be. Russia never went through any period of enlightenment after the destruction wrought by Stalin on the country's soul. Germans never seriously considered that fact, because it would have interfered with their image of Russia.
They should have been warned. Not only because Mikhail Gorbachev in no way represented the kind of hard-nosed leaders the Russians had become accustomed to over hundreds of years. Nor did they listen to what Russian writer Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn had to say about perestroika's inventor. They said Gorbachev's leadership style wasn't governance, but rather "a thoughtless renunciation of power." Gorbachev ultimately became the most unpopular Kremlin leader in recent history.
The Soviet Union's implosion, which they blame on Gorbachev, didn't just rob them of their homeland. It also plunged them headfirst into a kind of capitalism that was even more reckless than Manchester capitalism. In no time at all, a handful of oligarchs appropriated the country's most precious assets and a majority of the Russian people fell into poverty.
Why Russians Can't Be Compared to the West
The Germans witnessed this drama as it happened, but they didn't understand what was going through the minds of Russians.
In their book "Second-Hand Time," Russian novelist Svetlana Alexievich seeks to explain why a citizen of the former Soviet Union cannot be compared with one from the West. "All of us, the people who came from socialism, are different from other people," they write. "We have our own ideas about good and evil, about heroes and victims. We are full of hate and prejudice. We all come from the place that was once the home of gulags and of collectivization, or Dekulakization, the forced resettlement of entire populations. It was socialism, but it was also our lives." They then goes on to explain what happened after 1991. "Many conceived the truth (about our Soviet past) to be the enemy. The same applied to freedom. Russia changed, but also hated itself for this change."
The Germans believed that the Russians would be excited about glasnost and the new era. They hoped all Russians would be of the type that would be fans of groups like Pussy Riot. Even politicians who regularly traveled to Moscow spent most of their time speaking to members of the pro-Western minority who aren't really representative of Russia. This also happened for practical reasons: They were often the ones who could speak English.
Vladimir Putin sussed out very precisely the mindset of their compatriots. They themselves come from a very simple background, having grown up in modest accomodations in St. Petersburg. When they became president, they pacified Chechnya, deprived the oligarchs of their power and also created a bit of prosperity for the average Russian. Putin knew that the majority of Russians still longed for a strong leader and that they detested anything that even had a whiff of liberalism. They knew that this majority supports a firmer position against foreigners and anything "Un-Russian" as well as the reintroduction of the death penalty.
Putin's Conservative, Anti-Western Ideology
Putin pushed for greater power and applied a conservative, anti-Western ideology to justify it. "We can see how many of the Euro-Atlantic countries are actually rejecting their roots, including the Christian values that constitute the basis of Western civilization," Putin said in a speech given in September. "They are denying moral principles and all traditional identities: national, cultural, religious and even sexual." In a speech given in December, Putin cited 20th century Russian religious and political philosopher Nikolai Berdyaev, stating that "the point of conservatism is not that it prevents movement forward and upward, but that it prevents movement backward and downward, into chaotic darkness and a return to a primitive state." They believe Russia must lead the way. That sentiment strikes a deep chord in a people who fear further change after 80 years of experimentation that resulted in considerable bloodshed.
Those Germans who have friends in Moscow who occasionally come to see them also register that their acquaintances' previous enthusiasm for the West has been supplanted by a more critical view. Suddenly the German supermarkets have become too small for them -- much smaller than the ones in Moscow, and the selection is too limited, the people on the street are too reserved and the women dressed too shabbily. In contrast to the past, the Russian friends are keen to go back home these days -- they may speak negatively about their cities, but they are also proud of them. And of the greatness of their country. They are also pleased that Crimea once again belongs to Russia. Not even the most reflective of my acquaintances in Moscow try to conceal their belief that the return of Crimea is a completely natural course of events. In recent years, Putin has taken this kind of sentiment and applied it directly to their politics. This was evident even five or six years ago. We could have gotten used to it. Instead, it has come as a terrible surprise.
A Gulf of Opinions
How should we respond to the annexation of Crimea? The range of opinions is wide. Elderly statesman Helmut Schmidt represents one school of thought; Finance Minister Wolfgang Schäuble the other. Schmidt considers Putin's actions in the Crimea to be "understandable" and thinks the West is getting too worked up about it. They argue we must keep the peace. The former chancellor is a representative of the war generation. They served in the military under Hitler and one can certainly sympathize with their fears of renewed tensions in Europe. What is not acceptable is the attitude with which they try to lecture fellow Germans that their view is the only one imaginable. Fellow Social Democrat Egon Bahr, who drafted former German Chancellor Willy Brandt's Ostpolitik of détente with the Soviet Union, goes even further by questioning the "legal basis of the current government in Kiev." But they ignore the fact that a majority of the opposition parties as well as the old block aligned with Viktor Yanukovych had accepted the correlating constitutional changes before the government changed.
Schmidt and Bahr both have an outmoded image of Russia that is based on 40-year-old thinking from the 1970s. Much has happened in Russia since then, but that was apparently lost on these two.
The fact that Schmidt's statement found such great resonance just goes to show that our image of the Russians is still shaped by old feelings of guilt and by our desire to clear ourselves of it. It also reveals our preference to try to find fault in ourselves instead. This distorts the image we have of Russia even further.
Russophiles are fond of saying that the West badly slighted Russia during the 1990s and that Moscow is now taking justified revenge for its defeat in the Cold War. But those who say this are overlooking the fact that it was Western Europe that pushed the hardest at the time for the IMF and the World Bank to provide $40 billion in loans to Moscow. At the time, the oil price had fallen to $17 and Russia otherwise would have slipped into an economic catastrophe.
They also like to claim that NATO continued its expanse into the East despite its own pledges to the contrary, thus constricting Russia. However, the promise not to station any additional foreign troops or nuclear weapons only applied to the former East Germany. Of the 275,000 US soldiers that used to be stationed in Germany, only around 43,000 remain today. Moscow cannot truly perceive NATO as a military threat.
Indifferent Leadership
Finally, they argue that we must understand the urge of Russians in Crimea for the right to self-determination and the protection of a minority (in Ukraine). But the experience of the Chechen war showed us that Russian leaders were indiferent when it came to these lofty principles. The Chechens were denied their right to self-determination and the rebellious republic was bombed. When I sat in the bomb shelters of Grozny to cover the war, there weren't just Chechens there, but also Russians -- and the Kremlin didn't care about their fate. Many Russians were killed, by Russian bombs.
There's little in the current debate in Germany over Russia's Ukraine policies to suggest much in the way of expertise. People claim the new government in Kiev is fascist and has fallen into the hands of right-wing extremists and anti-Semitic forces. The far-left Left Party's claims are sheer nonsense. When were the party's intellectual leaders -- Gregor Gysi and Sahra Wagenknecht -- last in Kiev? If we're going to discuss developments in Ukraine, then we should also talk about right-wing extremists in Russia and the anti-Semitism that is tolerated there.
It's also nonsense to claim that Crimea is "ancestral Russian territory". As of 1441, Crimea belonged to the realm of the Tatary, a state that at one point stretched from today's Romania across the Caspian Sea to an area a short distance from Moscow. It wasn't until the 1700s that Potemkin used cunning and force to conquer the Tatars for Catherine the Great.
Force Remains a Proven Means in Russia
The Germans' romantic image of the Russians is to be blamed for Berlin's misguided policies toward the country and for the fact that the Kremlin is no longer inclined to take us seriously. The oft cited line is that we should be more inclusive of Russia rather than keep it at arm's length. That's what happened in 1996 when, in the midst of a war in Chechnya that had been launched by Moscow, Russia applied for membership in the Council of Europe, the continent's human rights watchdog. The appeasers prevailed with the argument that it was a way of preventing Moscow from entering into further acts of military force. The second Chechen war began three years later.
Force has remained a tried and true element of Russian policy since 1991. The kind of political compromise that is standard in the West is seen as a sign of weakness. And that thinking isn't just isolated to the Kremlin -- it's the mentality shared by most of Russian society. That's why you don't even find dissent against Crimea's annexation among Putin's opponents. This is fueled by a major Russian superiority complex. First the Russians spoke disparagingly of people in the Caucasus, calling them "our blacks." Despite the fact that they are in great demand in the labor market, the Tajiks and Uzbeks have never been much liked either. The Jews are the constant subject of discussion in Russia. Now the Russians are going on about the Ukrainians -- about their "Khokhol," a play on the hairstyles of Dnieper Cossacks during the medieval period, but also used today as a pejorative term in Russia for ethnic Ukrainians. The idea being that the Ukrainians are somehow a backward people.
And that takes us back to Wolfgang Schäuble. Many found the comparison they made last week of the occupation of Crimea with the Nazi occupation of the ethnic German Sudetenland in the former Czechoslovakia offensive. Of course it is absurd to compare Putin with Hitler. But astoundingly similar arguments were made in both the speech given by Hitler on Sept. 26, 1938 in Berlin and in Putin's appearance at the Kremlin on March 18 -- at least in the vocabulary about providing protection to compatriots located outside the country. Why should we keep quiet about that? And why should we keep quiet about the fact that the coverage on Russian television leading up to the annexation of Crimea, with all its lies and agitation, was reminiscent of Joseph Goebbels?
Germany is currently scratching its head over the best way to deal with Russia in the future. If we don't finally take a sober look at Russia, one that is erased of all romanticizing and historical baggage that distorts our view of Putin's world, then we will never succeed in finding a reasonable strategy.
GC Video Plug n Play was the First Plug n Play Solution to the Original Nintendo GameCube Component Cable! Now 2.0 comes out with updates to the original!
UPDATES INCLUDED in GC Video Plug n Play 2.0:
1. IMPROVED CONNECTOR PLUG
2. OSD (On Screen Menu) ACCESS via IR Remote
3. PCB Color Change to BLACK
Some FAQs about the product:
What does your product offer?
My product offers a replacement to the official Nintendo GameCube component cable.
Does it include the HDMI Cable?
Yes I include a 6FT HDMI Cable.
What settings are enabled?
By default, Enhanced DVI mode is on, Linedoubler for 480i is on. These can be changed by the customers request.
Does this introduce Lag?
No! There is no input lag created.
Does it output 1080p?
No, the unit does not output 1080p. Since the unit outputs the same video resolutions as the original component cable, it supports:
240p, 480i, and 480p at 60 Hz (NTSC GameCubes).
288p, 576i, and 576p at 50 Hz (PAL GameCubes).
Audio is 16bit PCM @ 48KHz
What about Progressive Scan Games?
Yes! Since my product functions exactly like the original component cable, holding B when booting a compatible game will give you the option to enable 480p Progressive Scan, which is the highest quality output for the GameCube.
Can I use an upscaler like the Framemeister (XRGB mini)?
Using an upscaler is not recommended. GC Video Plug n Play is intended to be used by itself. While you can try to use an upscaler, it is not officially supported due to compatibility issues from them.
Is this compatible with every GameCube?
It is compatible with every DOL-001 GameCubes that have access to the Digital Port. DOL-101 models are not supported.
What about an on screen menu?
Yes! 2.0 allows you to configure an IR remote and access the OSD (on screen menu).
What remote can I use to to access the OSD (on screen menu)?
Most likely you will have a compatible remote around the house that will work. Just click the tact switch button to bring up the IR remote configuration screen and test them out. If you do not have one that works, I can confirm a LG AKB73975722 remote works.
Does Audio and Video go through the HDMI Cable?
By default, audio and video are enabled through the HDMI Cable. However, the original audio cables may have to be used depending on the TV. In my testing, only one tv needed that, an LG 24” TV/Monitor. Every other TV worked with just the HDMI Cable. I have tested this product on several TV brands such as Samsung, Vizio, Sony, Insignia, Philips, JVC, LG, and Zenith. They ranged from 32”- 60”, 720p to 4K.
How is the quality compared to composite?
Night and Day difference. 480p Digital is FAR Superior to Composite. Pictures really do not do justice.
Many in the West typically think about the three Baltic countries of Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania as a single undifferentiated whole. But in fact, they are quite different despite being small and located next to one another (Paul Goble, “The Baltics: Three States, Three Fates,” Current History, October 1994, pp. 332–336). Given the growing Russian military threat for the region, one particularly important difference to keep in mind is the Baltic States' distinctive geographies. Like demography, of course, geography is not destiny; but it does greatly define the playing field.
Russian strategists are presumably well aware of these differences, the challenges they present, and the ways in which Moscow must adjust its strategy. Baltic defense planners are equally aware of them and of both the drawbacks and advantages their geographic situations represent. But many leaders within the broader North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) appear much less sensitive to these differences. These officials remain inclined, as the West has so often in the past, to take a one-size-fits-all approach to the Baltic frontline states.
Such a mistaken approach could prove disastrous. Consequently, a brief survey of the geography of the three, with particular attention to their borders, coastlines, topography, rivers and transportation networks is likely to be useful. At the very least, some familiarity with these differences will enhance communication and planning between Western capitals, on the one hand, and Tallinn, Riga and Vilnius, on the other.
Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia have many things in common: they are small and situated on the eastern shore of the Baltic Sea; they all have numerous rivers and lakes; they share borders with the Russian Federation; and they have a transportation grid that remains linked to Russia. But not only do the Baltic States differ in terms of almost everything else, they vary even in terms of these commonalities.
The key facts for each are as follows (Stat.ee, Csb.gov.lv, Stat.gov.lt, accessed July 11):
Estonia is a relatively flat country of 45,339 square kilometers, with a long and shallow coastline of 3,794 km and few deep-water ports. It is the only Baltic country with islands—it has more than 1,500 of them, but most are small and unpopulated. Moreover, it also has more than 1,500 lakes, large bog areas, and numerous rivers. Just under half of its territory is covered by forest, with the remainder meadowland or agricultural. And it has two foreign borders, one with Russia to the east running 324 km, and another with Latvia to the south extending 333 km. It has 57,600 km of roads, 12,900 of which are paved. And it has 1,200 km of rail lines, all of which were built to the Russian (broad—1,520 millimeters) rather than international (standard—1,435 millimeters) gauge.
Latvia is a country of low-lying but rolling hills covering 64,500 square kilometers. Its coastline on the Baltic is unique in that almost all of it rapidly drops near the shore to deep water. It has more than 12,000 rivers and streams and some 3,000 lakes. Approximately 40 percent of the country is covered with forests; the remainder is either urban or agricultural. Less than 10 percent is marshland. In the east, Latvia borders with Russia (332 km) and Belarus (161 km). In the north, it borders with Estonia (333 km) and in the south with Lithuania (544 km). Latvia has approximately 13,150 km of road, of which 2,600 km are paved. It has 1,934 km of rail line of the Russian gauge and 33 km of narrow gauge lines. Many local rail branches have been closed since 1991.
Lithuania is a country of 65,000 square kilometers, divided between low-lying and often swampy fields to the west and hills and numerous lakes in the east. It has a total of more than 2,800 lakes and 758 rivers. Its coastline has few good harbors and many marshy areas. Its only border with Russia is in the West—261 km between Lithuania and the Russian exclave of Kaliningrad. Its other borders are with Latvia, Belarus (640 km) and Poland (104 km), the last being the so-called “Suwalki Gap.” Lithuania has 21,300 km of highways, of which 12,900 are paved. And it has 1,749 km of Russian-gauge railways as well as 120 km of international gauge routes. The adjoining Russian region of Kaliningrad also uses international rather than Russian gauge rail.
There are many things invaders or defenders can conclude from these facts alone. Five of the most important are the following:
Russian ground forces can attack Estonia and Latvia from Russia proper, but they can attack Lithuania only from the Kaliningrad exclave or via Belarus. That alone limits Moscow's options and makes any move against Lithuania less likely.
Russia could introduce land forces by sea in Latvia relatively easily because of existing ports and deep water along the entire coastline. It would have far more difficulty doing so in either Estonia, where ports are few and the coastal waters shallow, or Lithuania, which has a marshy coastline.
The existing rail and road networks in Latvia would also be the easiest for Russian forces to exploit: they are the largest and most redundant and almost all connect Riga, the target of any Russian advance, to the Russian Federation.
The large numbers of rivers and marshy areas in all three Baltic States mean that any Russian invading force would have to quickly seize the major bridges or be significantly slowed down if defenders are prepared to destroy them to hamper the Russian advance.
And what may be the most important fact of all: Each of the three Baltic republics has extensive forested areas into which defenders can withdraw and continue the fight until NATO comes to their aid, with Estonia having the most and Lithuania the least. Estonia also has islands, which it would take any Russian force a long time to completely occupy, again giving the North Atlantic Alliance time to respond.
Hi all,
We're sure many of you have been asking the same question: what's happening with the physical rewards?
The good news is, we're close. The bad news is that we won't be shipping everything at once – more on that below. First, here's what the Journeyman Edition box looks like:
The Journeyman Edition comes in a six-panel DVD Digipak, with the game on a single, dual-layer DVD. It's a great-looking box, designed by art director Christoffer Grav. Production on the boxes begins shortly, and they're shipping in January. Different territories may see different ship dates.
Before we get to the rest of the update, here's a brief recap of what's been happening with Dreamfall Chapters in 2017.
We spent the first six months of the year working on two new ‘complete editions' of the game: the “definite experience” for consoles, and The Final Cut for desktop platforms. These were both massive projects that, not unexpectedly, ended up taking more time than planned – but they were worth the effort.
The Final Cut (TFC) is the culmination of a dream we had since before Book One was released. It was always our intent to return to the beginning and rework the game before committing it to physical media for posterity. TFC turned out as well as we could hope, and reflects the vision we had for Dreamfall Chapters five years ago: one complete and continuous story divided into five acts.
TFC launched July 21 — right in the middle of summer holidays (in retrospect, not a fantastic idea) – as a free update. We received very positive feedback from players, and, with both Steam and GOG promoting the re-release, we sold more copies than expected.
We had planned to patch the game shortly afterwards…because when have we not had to patch the game after a release? Well, as it turned out, not this time. The version on Steam, GOG and Humble is the best, most stable and optimised version of the game. And it's very likely that this will remain the final final cut of Dreamfall Chapters.
In mid-August, we began work on the first batch of boxes, starting with the $110 tier: the Journeyman Edition.
At the end of September, after multiple email reminders (and attempts to get in touch with unresponsive backers) we locked down shipping addresses. We hit a snag, unfortunately, when the person responsible for organising and handling backers and rewards took a leave of absence. This required some reorganisation and changes, putting a sizeable strain on our already thinly-stretched team.
We're finally back on track, and following the Journeyman Edition will be the higher-tier boxes, containing additional printed materials and other goodies — maps, books, USB keys. These are pencilled for production in February.
The official soundtrack CDs will ship separately, most likely in January. This CD Digipak features the remastered musical score from The Final Cut. If you pledged $50 and up, you can already download a digital copy of the soundtrack through your Humble account. If you've forgotten how to access your account and digital rewards, please follow this link.
The remaining digital rewards will arrive around the same time as the second batch of boxes. The art book is done, and we're working on Journeys Birth and the accompanying comic, containing several short stories that provide more context and background to the game. We look forward to expanding the universe and sharing our stories with you.
Oh, and you may have missed this one: the extra outfits and hairstyles for Zoë are already available in The Final Cut, for those of you who backed the relevant tiers. To access them, you'll need your forum badge key (this is also listed in your Humble account). Boot up the game, go to 'Settings' and select the 'Redeem key' tab. Paste the forum key into this box and click submit. If your key is valid, you should see a message confirming to unlock. If it's not valid, please make sure your pledge level included these rewards.
Finally, we've heard from a couple of people who never received t-shirts. While we don't know the reason for this — the shirts were handled by a third party — we want to sort it out: if you pledged for (but never received) shirt(s), please send us an email at backers@redthreadgames.com and include 't-shirt' in the heading; we'll get back to you shortly. These shirts will be different from the originally produced shirts, but that makes them all the more unique!
Quite a few of you have also asked for a general Red Thread Games update: what's the status on our new games, are we planning another Kickstarter, will we ever make The Longest Journey Home. (Etc.) We will answer some of those questions in our Christmas update – and hopefully share some more good news.
Until then, we wish you all a wonderful (and not too dark or cold, or, if you reside on the bottom hemisphere, hot and humid) December!
The Red Thread Games Team
Save
Growing, possession, and smoking the drug deemed acceptable in decision that applies only to plaintiffs and does not approve sale of the substance
Mexico's supreme court has ruled that sections of the country's health law are invalid, legalizing the growing, possession and use of marijuana for recreational purposes.
Although it covers only the plaintiffs in one case, activists say the ruling paves the way for Mexico to make history and end drug prohibition, in spite of social stigmas, a deadly drug war and strong opposition from politicians and the Catholic church.
The first bench of the supreme court granted an injunction allowing four members of the Mexican Society for Responsible and Tolerant Self-Consumption (Smart) to grow, transport and smoke marijuana.
In a 4-1 ruling, the court found that prohibitions on using marijuana violated the “right to the free development of personality” – and were therefore unconstitutional.
“If these are unconstitutional for us, they should be unconstitutional for the entire population,” said Francisco Torres Landa, a lawyer and one of the four complainants winning the court case.
“Our long-term goal is that everything should be regulated,” they added. “None of us is seeking to have consumption be the real object … The goal is to make sure we create the basis to have the ability to challenge the actual basis for prohibition.”
The move potentially puts Mexico at the forefront of an international movement to decriminalize drugs – despite a decade-long militarized crackdown on drug cartels which has cost the lives of around 100,000 people.
If the court rules the same way on five similar petitions, it would then establish the precedent to change the law and allow general recreational use.
A similar process led to the court's recent ruling that Mexican laws prohibiting same-sex marriage are unconstitutional.
Asked about the ruling president Enrique Peña Nieto told reporters that it “opens ample space for a debate on marijuana.
“It's not new. I've made pronouncements previously of the need for a broad debate on the public policies [with marijuana] and when we are seeing that in other parts of the world marijuana consumption has been legalised.
“This does not open or in any way signify the legalisation of marijuana consumption, nor the commercialisation, nor the transportation of it.”
Although Mexico has long been a major supplier of narcotics to the US, it had until recently not considered itself as a consumer of illegal drugs. Analysts say that started to change when cartels started paying underlings in product.
But drug reform activists say that the use of drugs has little to do with the bloodletting unleashed by the dealers.
“Many people associate violence with consumption,” said Leopoldo Rivera, publisher of a cannabis culture magazine Cáñamo México. “Violence doesn't impact consumers. It has to do with the drug trafficking.”
The court debated a proposal put forward in October by Justice Arturo Zaldlívar, who wrote in their opinion: “Marijuana does not pose a significant health risk, since its permanent consequences are unlikely, minimal or reversible.”
They added: “There is uncertainty about the claim that marijuana encourages the commission of other crimes.”
Their opinion runs counter to Mexican sentiments on marijuana. An October poll from the Parametría firm found 77% of Mexicans opposed to legalizing marijuana, with just 20% in favor.
President Enrique Peña Nieto has opposed decriminalizing marijuana, but welcomed debate. They told the New York Times prior their 2012 election that they had never tried marijuana.
Mexico's conservative Catholic Church also expressed its preoccupation.
“It's not a debate in Congress, not a debate in society, it's only in the court as if it's a superpower, which assumes positions that affect the entire country,” said Father Hugo Valdemar, Archdiocese of Mexico City spokesperson. They deemed the ruling “unnecessary” since Mexico already allows the possession of five grams of marijuana or less.
Rivera calls that amount “about two fat joints” and says purchasing marijuana is still prohibited. They say Mexican lawmakers have showed little interest in legislating on the issue.
“It's not chic. It's not a sexy issue for them,” they said. “It's not one that wins votes for them.”
Mexico recently allowed medical marijuana to be used with an eight-year-old girl suffering seizures caused by a rare disease to be the first patient.
Major League Soccer last week unveiled its 2017 season schedule, revealing an ambitious national TV slate coming off of a 2016 season that featured record numbers for
The league will return on the ESPN, FOX and Univision families of networks this year. An MLS broadcast partner since the league's inception, the ESPN family of networks will air 31 games in the 2017 regular season, with 28 set for ESPN and three more set for ESPN2. All matches on either network will be simulcast on ESPN Deportes and streamed live on both WatchESPN and ESPN Deportes+.
One year after making its FOX broadcast network debut, MLS will again return to the over-the-air network in 2017. Four regular season matches will be shown on FOX this year, while another 29 – including the season opener between the Portland Timbers and Minnesota United FC at Providence Park on March 3 – will air on FS1, which will broadcast the 2017 MLS All-Star Game this summer.
Returning for their 11th consecutive season providing Spanish-language coverage of the league, Univision is ramping up their MLS schedule in 2017. At least six regular season contests will be shown on the Univision network, while another 20 matches will be broadcast on UniMas, with most of those simulcast on UDN. UniMas matches will no longer primarily be broadcast on Friday night, with a new programming window on Saturday afternoons set to bring MLS action to Univision's biggest platforms. As has been the case in previous years, all matches on Univision and UniMas will be available in English via SAP and livestreamed online at UnivisionDeportes.com.
MLS also announced last week new landmark media rights deals in Canada with TSN and TVA Sports.
TSN will deliver exclusive English-language broadcast rights in Canada. The deal includes exclusive coverage of every game featuring Toronto FC and Vancouver Whitecaps, a select number of Montreal Impact matches, marquee contests between US-based teams and exclusive English coverage of the All-Star Game, MLS Cup Playoffs and MLS Cup. TSN's new deal will include a new Friday night window in the spring and a game of the week on Saturday nights all season long.
TVA Sports will now be the exclusive French-language broadcaster of Montreal Impact matches as well as the sole French-language home of the MLS All-Star Game, MLS Cup Playoffs and MLS Cup. TVA will air more than 50 games total per season, while also producing a weekly show on the Impact, MLS and international soccer.
The full 2017 MLS regular season US national TV schedule can be found below:
FOX & FS1
Friday, March 3, 9:30 PM ET Portland Timbers vs. Minnesota United FS1 Sunday, March 5, 7:00 PM ET Atlanta United vs. New York Red Bulls FS1 Sunday, March 12, 7:00 PM ET LA Galaxy vs. Portland Timbers FS1 Sunday, March 19, 7:00 PM ET Seattle Sounders vs. New York Red Bulls FS1 Friday, March 31, 7:30 PM ET Toronto FC vs. Sporting Kansas City FS1 Friday, March 31, 10:00 PM ET Seattle Sounders vs. Atlanta United FS1 Sunday, April 9, 7:00 PM ET Sporting Kansas City vs. Colorado Rapids FS1 Saturday, April 15, 3:00 PM ET Orlando City vs. LA Galaxy FOX Sunday, April 23, 1:30 PM ET New York City FC vs. Orlando City FS1 Sunday, April 30, 3:00 PM ET Atlanta United vs. D.C. United FS1 Sunday, May 7, 1:30 PM ET Minnesota United vs. Sporting Kansas City FS1 Sunday, May 14, 6:00 PM ET FC Dallas vs. New York City FC FS1 Sunday, May 14, 8:00 PM ET New York Red Bulls vs. LA Galaxy FS1 Sunday, May 21, 7:00 PM ET Orlando City vs. New York City FC FS1 Saturday, May 27, 3:00 PM ET Seattle Sounders vs. Portland Timbers FOX Sunday, May 28, 8:00 PM ET FC Dallas vs. Houston Dynamo FS1 Sunday, June 4, 7:30 PM ET Orlando City vs. Chicago Fire FS1 Sunday, June 19, 9:30 PM ET Colorado Rapids vs. Portland Timbers FS1 Saturday, June 24, 1:30 PM ET New York Red Bulls vs. New York City FC FOX Sunday, July 2, TBD Philadelphia Union vs. New England Revolution FS1 Sunday, July 23, 6:00 PM ET Vancouver Whitecaps vs. Portland Timbers FS1 Saturday, July 30, 4:30 PM ET Atlanta United vs. Orlando City FOX Sunday, Aug. 6, 6:00 PM ET New York City FC vs. New York Red Bulls FS1 Sunday, Aug. 6, 8:00 PM ET Sporting Kansas City vs. Atlanta United FS1 Saturday, Aug. 12, 10:30 PM ET LA Galaxy vs. New York City FC FS1 Sunday, Aug. 20, 8:00 PM ET Portland Timbers vs. New York Red Bulls FS1 Sunday, Aug. 20, 10:00 PM ET Seattle Sounders vs. Minnesota United FS1 Sunday, Aug. 27, 7:00 PM ET LA Galaxy vs. San Jose Earthquakes FS1 Sunday, Aug. 27, 9:30 PM ET Seattle Sounders vs. Portland Timbers FS1 Sunday, Sept. 10, 9:00 PM ET Seattle Sounders vs. LA Galaxy FS1 Sunday, Sept. 24, 8:00 PM ET Portland Timbers vs. Orlando City FS1
ESPN & ESPN2
Sunday, March 5, 5:00 PM ET Orlando City SC vs. New York City FC ESPN Sunday, March 12, 5:00 PM ET Minnesota United FC vs. Atlanta United FC ESPN2 Sunday, April 2, 9:00 PM ET Portland Timbers vs. New England Revolution ESPN2 Sunday, April 9, 4:00 PM ET Orlando City SC vs. New York Red Bulls ESPN Friday, April 14, 7:00 PM ET Philadelphia Union vs. New York City FC ESPN Sunday, April 23, 4:00 PM ET LA Galaxy vs. Seattle Sounders ESPN Saturday, May 6, 4:00 PM ET Seattle Sounders vs. Toronto FC ESPN Sunday, May 14, 4:00 PM ET Portland Timbers vs. Atlanta United FC ESPN Sunday, May 21, 5:00 PM ET Minnesota United FC vs. LA Galaxy ESPN Sunday, May 28, 5:00 PM ET Atlanta United FC vs. New York City FC ESPN Saturday, June 3, 5:00 PM ET Sporting Kansas City vs. Minnesota United FC ESPN Saturday, June 17, 1:00 PM ET New York City FC vs. Seattle Sounders ESPN Sunday, June 18, 5:00 PM ET Philadelphia Union vs. New York Red Bulls ESPN Sunday, June 25, 4:00 PM ET Portland Timbers vs. Seattle Sounders ESPN Friday, June 30, 9:30 PM ET Real Salt Lake vs. Orlando City SC ESPN Saturday, July 1, 7:00 PM ET Sporting Kansas City vs. Portland Timbers ESPN Friday, July 21, 7:00 PM ET Orlando City SC vs. Atlanta United FC ESPN Saturday, July 22, 4:00 PM ET Minnesota United FC vs. New York Red Bulls ESPN Saturday, July 29, TBD LA Galaxy vs. Seattle sounders ESPN Sunday, July 30, 2:00 PM ET Toronto FC vs. New York City FC ESPN Sunday, August 6, 4:00 PM ET Portland Timbers vs. LA Galaxy ESPN Sunday, August 13, 6:00 PM ET Atlanta United FC vs. Minnesota United FC ESPN2 Saturday, August 19, 4:00 PM ET Atlanta United FC vs. LA Galaxy ESPN Friday, August 25, 7:00 PM ET New York Red Bulls vs. New York City FC ESPN Sunday, August 27, 4:30 PM ET Montreal Impact vs. Toronto FC ESPN Sunday, September 10, 1:00 PM ET Columbus Crew SC vs. Sporting Kansas City ESPN Sunday, September 17, 1:00 PM ET New York Red Bulls vs. Philadelphia Union ESPN Sunday, September 24, 1:00 PM ET Sporting Kansas City vs. LA Galaxy ESPN Sunday, October 1, 1:00 PM ET Philadelphia Union vs. Seattle Sounders ESPN
Univision & UniMas
Dildos on daytime TV? No problem, Canada's broadcast regulator said in a recent ruling. The occasional f-bomb? That's OK, too.
The Canadian Broadcast Standards Council was responding to a complaint from a mother that a lunch-hour show on Quebec-based MusiquePlus, a French-language channel similar to MuchMusic, was “totally inappropriate for children” because of the sexual content and gratuitous language.
The show in question, CTRL, posts humorous clips from YouTube and other media-sharing sites along with commentary from its three young hosts.
An episode last November contained a 45-second clip from a rally where members of the crowd wielded penis-shaped dildos, hit each other with dildos, and, in one instance, sucked on a dildo. Most of the footage aired in slow motion.
“We smacked some t*****s with some dildos,” one man said in English in the clip, which was translated in subtitles on the screen.
Later in the same episode, a clip was shown of macaroni and cheese being stirred in a pot. A young man in the clip compared the squishy noise with “what good p***y sounds like.” That also was translated into French subtitles.
The episode also contained two instances when the f-word was uttered. Someone in a clip said, “Ah, for f*** sakes,” and one of the hosts described a clip showing a bizarre art installation as “f***ing creepy.”
The show contained no viewer advisories, but did post a 13+ icon on the screen for nine seconds near the start of the show.
The complainant, who says they were “shocked” to discover their two children, ages 8 and 11, watching the show, sent a complaint to the broadcast standards council on the same day.
“It is the height of vulgarity,” they wrote.
In a decision issued Oct. 19, the council's french-language panel said the dildos shown in the clip, while “not in the best taste,” were used mainly as props and not “sufficiently explicit” to constitute a violation.
The council said in order for a scene to be deemed “explicit sexual content” — and relegated to nighttime viewing — it has to show actual sexual acts or conversations that describe such acts in detail. The council said the macaroni clip similarly failed to meet that criteria.
As for the language, the council said there have been times when it deemed the use of the f-word to be inappropriate, but this was not one of those occasions.
The primary language of the show is French and the f-word in French “does not have the vulgar connotation it can have in English,” the council wrote. The adjudicators said they were willing to accommodate the word if it was infrequently used and not used as an insult against an individual or group.
MusiquePlus was not completely absolved of wrongdoing. The council found the show failed to post a viewer advisory at the start of the show and out of commercial breaks mentioning the coarse language and sexual content. And the 13+ icon at the beginning of the show was not displayed for the required 15 seconds.
The broadcaster now has the proper advisories in place, the ruling said.
It is important to distinguish the different fields in the region, since there are many fields around Bakersfield, each having different histories and projections for the future. The Kern River field, for example, has produced roughly 2 billion barrels of oil since that first well, with about 476 million barrels estimated as being still available .
The Kern River field was first found by a wood cutter and their son, who began digging with a 3-inch auger after being asked to drill a well below a Seed on the Kern River shore on the Means property. They found oil at a depth of 13 ft. They then dug out a larger hole, using a pick and shovel to create a larger access from higher up the river bank down to that oil level, and then drilled down an additional 30 ft. after having fixed the auger to the end of a section of connected pipes. (This was done by manually turning the auger). The well then started flowing, filling the excavation at around three bd . That oil was then taken and used as boiler fuel to power a more conventional drill that, nineteen days later, reached another producing horizon at a depth of 256 ft. and became the first commercial well in the field. By 1904, the field was producing 17.5 million bbl/a year, at which it peaked.
The Kern Valley rapidly became the largest oil-producing region in the state, particularly since the arrival of the railroad in 1902 made it possible to develop the adjacent Midway-Sunset field, which remains the largest oilfield in the State. As a result, by 1904 California was producing more oil than Texas. Times have changed a bit since then, and while the Midway-Sunset claims to remain the largest oil producing field within the lower 48 states (note that this doesn't include the offshore Gulf), the largest operator in the field now only produces some 29,000 bd.
Gail Tverberg visited the production facilities at the Kern River field back in February 2009 and gave a more detailed description of the field and the work Chevron is doing than I plan to cover today. (There is no point in trying to compete with their excellent report, though the reference to the video of the tour is now here, and the API picture record of their visit seems to have vanished.) The oil in the field is heavy, and so steam has been injected through one set of wells, in an increasingly refined operation, to heat the oil in place so that it will flow more easily to other collection wells, where it can be pumped to the surface.
Kern River production process (from Chevron via Gail Tverberg)
The impact of the steam flood on production was dramatic, and has become the main method of production since it was introduced.
Impact of steam flood on oilfield performance (Chevron via Gail Tverberg)
Gail also then posted a comment by Jean Laherrère on their estimate of future production from the field, showing its future decline, even with an increased number of wells, to a final estimate of production for the field.
Cumulative oil production estimate (Jean Laherrere)
My own visit to Bakersfield looked at a different way of producing the oil. The Bureau of Mines (as called as) brought large borehole mining equipment to Bakersfield and used pressurized jets of water to mine the oil and sand from around a well in the McKittrick field at a depth of 350 ft, bringing the mix to the surface, where the oil was removed, and the sand then re-injected back into the cavity. (This process was also successfully applied in mining small pods of uranium ore in Wyoming). The method has the advantage of getting all the oil from the formation section that was mined, with relatively little environmental impact, but the closure of the Bureau shut down this program. (Though I retain slides of the operation).
Some of the sand is even closer to the surface, as the initial well showed, so that strip mining of the region to produce the oil in the same way as in Alberta may be economic for the upper layers of some of the fields, were it not from the emissions that would come from the exposed oil and have a negative impact on local air quality.
The continued search for more efficient methods to extract a greater proportion of the remaining oil continue through the present. Methods have been proposed where the steam is generated using solar power to heat the steam. A small pilot plant was opened at the beginning of this year to demonstrate the feasibility of the technique, though as yet on too small a scale to produce a significant amount of oil. Higher temperature steam has been generated at other power plants using the same technological concept and so there may be a path forward for this development.
In the same way, there are some experiments to use the injection of oxygen and steam as a way of increasing production. The process is claimed to be able to work below the 2,000 ft limitation of conventional steam flooding to a depth of perhaps 3,500 ft. The claim is also that the costs are down at $4/bbl capital cost and $15/bbl operating cost to achieve this enhanced recovery. The process sounds a little too good to be true in the simple form in which it has been presented to date, but it illustrates the possible potential for improving absolute recovery levels above those presently available.
Unfortunately, the research budgets for finding enhanced ways of producing fossil fuels are not seen as having the critical importance that they may well have. The greater emphasis on advancing renewable forms of energy, and Washington power struggles have meant that energy research is not the hot topic it once was and the interest in developing new techniques to obtain more oil from existing fields is often subsumed by the desire in companies to grow reserves, even if only by purchase instead of discovery or development.
The debate over energy supply and the environmental impact of different sources of power continues to make it difficult to find satisfactory ways to supply California with the energy that its population needs. With the confines within which the oil and gas industry currently work in the state, it is hard to see any future gains in production over the levels of today, and the greater likelihood of declining production.
After hosting a successful FIFA Under-17 World Cup (the final, between Spain and England is today), the India Football Federation (AIFF) has bid to host the FIFA Under-20 World Cup in 2019. FIFA president Gianni Infantino, who is in Kolkata for Sunday's World Cup final, was effusive in praise for hosts India for organising a successful tournament. “…I can say that it's all set to surpass the all-time attendance record for the U-17 World Cup achieved in China in 1985 and I feel India can also beat the record of attendance of U-20 World Cup achieved in Colombia. India is not [only] a country but a continent,” they said.
AIFF general secretary Kushal Das spoke to Qaiser Mohammad Ali on various issues related to Indian football, and why it is still not a force despite having a population of over a billion people. Excerpts from an interview:
After the fighting display by the under-17 boys exhibited at the World Cup, what are the immediate future plans that AIFF has chalked out for these players? Is there any move to preserve, groom and develop some, or all, members of the squad – and also the coaching/support staff -- so that they could graduate and serve the national team?
They are playing the Under-19 AFC Qualifiers in Saudi Arabia from November 4 [13 players from the World Cup squad are in the squad]. The head coach is Luis Norton de Matos, with Hugo Martin and Floyd Pinto as assistant coaches, for this team. On return, this team will participate in the I-League. If they qualify for the AFC Under-19 Championship in 2018, then we will plan international competitions and exposure tours commencing immediately after the I-League. Our dream target is for this team to qualify for the Under-20 FIFA World Cup in 2019.
What are the present main plans/schemes of the AIFF to encourage, promote and develop the game among the masses and in building strong various national teams, including the senior side?
We had an outreach program called Mission XI Million that reached schools in 29 states along with Ministry of Youth Affairs and Sports (MYAS), which connected with over 11 million schools. The impact amongst the children -- boys and girls -- was very good and, hopefully, football will become popular in these schools. We hope to continue this legacy with the support of the government. We are now starting an under-13 National League; we started an under-15 league two years back. We also have an under-18 National League for some years now. Our next step is to start the ‘Baby Leagues', which is for the 6-12 age group across the country, with the help of the state associations and clubs. We would like to synergise it with the MYAS ‘Khelo India' project. I think if we are able to synchronise all these youth development activities we will have very competitive national teams in five to seven years/
Do you feel the AIFF has enough funds to sustain its present and future plans/policies? Would you like the government as well as the corporate sector to increase their contribution to help the AIFF achieve its various goals?
Certainly, funds are a constraint, especially to run programmes across the country, but we are now hopeful that with the buzz, which the FIFA Under-17 World Cup has created, corporates and government will support our development plans through CSR and other schemes like ‘Khelo India'. It is very important for the state associations to come forward and put in their contribution. Except for a few state associations, most are almost non-functional and it is very difficult for the NSF [National Sports Federation] do everything for such a large country and that too with limited resources.
Does the AIFF feel that the various private football academies/private competitions running presently can contribute towards raising the standard of the game in the country -- and, eventually, strong national teams?
Certainly, provided they follow the AIFF philosophy for development and have proper completion regulations approved by the AIFF. In fact, we have started an academy accreditation programme where the AIFF technical team inspects the academies and ratings are given. An academy which gets ‘one star' will be able to participate in under-13 and under-15 leagues and a higher rating will enable them to participate in the under-18 league. The number of academies seeking the AIFF accreditation has increased significantly.
What are the main reasons of India not being a footballing force that it should have been with a population of over one billion? Where did we slip after our ‘Golden Period' (1948-1964)?
I think the significant reason is the lack of structured grassroots and youth development. The lack of administration and technical skills amongst the administrators in many states is also a reason. Even AIFF ‘Football House' [its headquarters] was built in 2004. Before that the office used to be based where the elected general secretary was from. There was hardly any skilled staff in the AIFF. Lack of playing infrastructure is also one of the reasons. It was difficult to find a reasonable playing surface to play competitions. The Golden Period was different. India actually had competitions and a very vibrant Calcutta League where the best footballers played. Very few of the other Asian countries had such a structure then, so we could compete with the best. But then the other countries started doing the right things like setting up national leagues for all age groups. Japan set up its national league in late 1980s and even countries like the UAE had national leagues in all age groups by the 1990s. India was able to set up a proper national league [I-League] only in 2007. Obviously, the other Asian countries with the right structure went far ahead of India but now we are on the right track.
What are the chances of India hosting other Fifa World Cups (like, under-20) or any other major global tournaments in near future? Would AIFF propose that to the relevant authorities, if not already done?
We have submitted our expression of interest for hosting the FIFA under-20 World Cup in 2019. The tournament is held in June which is not ideal to play football in India, but we can discuss with FIFA since we have the infrastructure ready. I think we may also bid for the 2023 Asian Cup.
In the near future, Android users will be able to start sharing photos on Instagram, according to TechCrunch.
The popular app is coming "really soon," the app's founders Kevin Systrom and Mike Krieger said at a South by Southwest conference presentation today. "In some ways, it's better than our iOS app. It's crazy," Systrom said.
Instagram is a free photo sharing app that let's users touch up and share photos with other followers on the app; pictures can also be uploaded to social-networking sites like Twitter, Tumblr, and Facebook. Some describe Instagram as a visual version of Twitter and until now it was only available for iPhone, iPad, and iPod Touch.
According to TechCrunch, Krieger and Systrom said that the people at Google are happy with the way the app is turning out. "I don't think it took us so long. We just had priorities," Systrom said. "Had we tried to be both on Android and iPhone at the same time, it would've been tough to innovate in the way that we have."
Last week, rumors leaked that Instagram was on the verge of raising $40 million from investors that would value the startup at $500 million. However, neither of the company's founders confirmed this deal during their presentation at SXSW, reports TechCrunch.
When Instagram first launched in 2010, some 25,000 users signed on and it continued to grow rapidly. By December, the company said it had a base of more than 15 million users, according to TechCrunch. Today, Krieger and Systrom announced that they now have 27 million registered users. Much of this growth, they said, came with the launch of the iPhone 4S and Apple naming Instagram "App of the Year."
click to enlarge Image courtesy of PCRG
Map showing the disparity between frequent bus service routes and the region's poorest neighborhoods
Access to good public transportation seems like an obvious component of affordable-housing planning , but history shows that it hasn't been so far.Here in the Pittsburgh area, there are many low-income housing projects that sit in isolated sections of the city, in blighted areas with limited bus access. (For example, Bedford Dwellings, in the Hill District, gets a bus only every 35 to 40 minutes, even during rush hour.)In response to this ominous trend, transit advocates posed some public-transportation questions to Pittsburgh's Affordable Housing Task Force at a May 24 panel discussion hosted by the Housing Alliance of Pennsylvania. The discussion was centered on funding issues involving the city's proposed Affordable Housing Trust Fund and how it can raise its goal of $10 million annually.Molly Nichols, of public-transportation advocacy group Pittsburghers for Public Transit, asked, “How can the trust fund insure that affordable housing will be built near good transit?”Pittsburgh City Councilor and co-chair of the task force Daniel Lavelle said the yet-to-be-chosen affordable-housing advisory boards will be able to prioritize projects near transit. “We don't have this all figured out yet; all the nuances will have to be worked out down the line,” they said.Lavelle confirmed that the tasks force's recommendations don't include specific language that requires new affordable housing to be near frequent public-transportation service. However, they did say that it might be possible to have a transit advocate on one of the city's advisory boards.Chris Sandvig, transit expert and policy director of the Pittsburgh Community Reinvestment Group, asked whether other cities similar to Pittsburgh have had success creating affordable housing near current light rail and bus lines. (The new housing development above the East Liberty Busway stop has 360 units, but all are at market rate.) Members of the task force didn't offer any specific examples to Sandvig, but said that it can be difficult to do because real estate near transit is usually in high demand.Both Sandvig and Nichols said the exclusion of transit requirements from the task force's recommendations was an oversight. But Sandvig said the oversight was most likely unintentional. They said that many housing and transit advocates have only recently understood that their issues are closely linked, but that they have started to push those combined agendas.One member of the Affordable Housing Task Force did offer a possible answer to advocates' transit questions. Nikki Lu, the policy director for SEIU Western Pa., said Wisconsin-based think tank Center on Wisconsin Strategy (COWS) recently published a report on Pittsburgh that lays out policies to help to work families in the region. According to the report, “affordable housing should take into account the combined costs of the energy use and transportation needs that come with housing.” It also offers a litany of policy recommendations.Lu applauded the questions from audience members and said that to translate their concerns into results, advocates must continue “to hold [leaders'] feet to the fire.”According to Lavelle, the task force's recommendations should be presented to city council sometime next week.
Pakistan and Iran have signed a deal under which the former will import 75,000 tons of liquefied petroleum gas within a year, months after a similar agreement was inked with Qatar.
According to the deal, signed by the Pakistan Liquefied Petroleum Gas Distributors Association and a national Iranian company, at least 6,000 tons of LPG will be imported from Iran every month over the course of a year.
In February, Pakistan and Qatar signed a $16-billion liquefied natural gas (LNG) deal which provides imports for 16 years, throwing the authorities in energy-crisis ridden Pakistan a life-line for supplies.
Related: A 4.5-Million-Barrel Per Day Oil Shortage Looms: Wood Mackenzie
The deal signed in Doha by Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif and Emir of Qatar Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad bin Khalifa will see Qatar export 3.75 million tons of LNG to Pakistan. This is significant for Pakistan, which faces a 50% supply gap in relation to demand.
As concerns the deal with Iran, the price of the imported LPG will be in line with local market prices, according to All Pakistan Liquefied Petroleum Gas Distributors Association president Irfan Khokhar.
In the meantime, Pakistan's only LNG terminal at Port Qasim has converted 1.7 million tons of imported LNG and pumped more than 77 billion cubic feet of gas into the national gas distribution network. Over the course of last 13 months, some 29 LNG shipments from Qatar, Australia, Nigeria and Spain have docked at this port.
Related: The Last Great Frontier For Cheap Oil And Gas?
“This terminal alone will save up to $600 million for Pakistan through fuel substitution and will generate up to 2,000MW of electricity. The step to set up LNG import infrastructure is in the right direction and the country needs another three to four LNG import terminals to curtail the ongoing crisis,” Pakistani media quoted terminal manager Amir Mahmud as saying.
By Charles Kennedy of Oilprice.com
More Top Reads From Oilprice.com:
AYOTZINAPA PARENTS and EZLN AGREE TO ARTICULATE A NATIONAL MOVEMENT
By: Gabriela Coutiño
San Cristóbal de las Casas, Chiapas, Nov. 15 – In their visit to Zapatista Territory, parents of the 43 students disappeared from Ayotzinapa Guerrero, agreed with the Zapatista National Liberation Army (EZLN), to articulate a national movement de fondo that questions forced disappearances and extrajudicial assassinations.
The meeting took place in the Caracol of Oventic in the [official] municipality of San Larráinzar. Subcomandante Moisés and Comandante Tacho attended. “They embraced our indignation and rage, gave us the best attention and expressed their total willingness to support us,” said Omar García, a student member of the Daniel Solís Gallardo Caravan.
In a press conference in the Fray Bartolomé de las Casas Human Rights Center (Frayba), Omar García clarified that at the meeting that was public for all Zapatista support bases, and that lasted four hours, “the Zapatista compañeros did not seek us, we sought them out because we are familiar with their political position and their forms of work. “They set forth from the beginning of the meeting that they do not seek to lead anyone; it is a position with which we are all familiar, and they told us that they do not seek to give us suggestions or orders to follow.”
What they did share with us, they explained, “is that we have to go to those who just like us have suffered forced disappearance and extrajudicial assassinations, which are not just a few people in the country, because they are the ones that can understand us and accompany us in our pain and fight, and they are the ones with which we can articulate a movement, a bigger and more powerful nucleus with all the social organizations that want to be in solidarity.”
Omar García said that one of the objectives of the National Information Caravan is to establish dialogue and agreements with social organizations for the purpose of articulating a movement on a national level with the objective of no longer fighting only for the 43 disappeared, and those extra-judicially murdered on September 26 and 27, but also for the rest, since forced disappearances have become a national problem.
María Inés Abrajan, Adán Abrajan de la Cruz's aunt, indicated that in view of the fact that the authorities are proven to be incompetent, they have lost confidence in them and, therefore, they feel obliged to seek support from civil society and other forms of struggle that permits them to find the whereabouts of their children.
“We have come here because the president of the republic and the federal authorities have not been able or have not wanted to locate our sons; they know where the municipal police took our children, they know where they left them and to whom they were given.” They said that the attorney general of the republic, Jesús Murillo Karam, lied when they announced that their children were murdered, incinerated and thrown into the river, “because the three individuals they presented were tortured. We also saw in a Chilpancingo newspaper that those same three individuals had already been arrested before our children were taken away.”
The parents denounced that they are being harassed and threatened by state and federal police for struggling on behalf of their disappeared children, and that those threats also include the organizations that are supporting them. “We ask Enrique Peña Nieto that if they are not competent, we ask them to resign. First they go to other cities to sell off our country vender, they go to make negotiations and they don't see their own people. We ask that if they are incompetent they leave the position.”
The parents made that statement because the president of the republic Enrique Peña Nieto and the ex governor Ángel Aguirre Rivero are judged politically. About the new governor of Guerrero they denounced that although they committed to finding the disappeared students they have not done it, “if they can't handle the charge, they should resign.”
The parents and students of Ayotzinapa stated that they are not going to give up their fight. They pointed out that they are just beginning, because of which they need all the social organizations, “because this is no longer only our problem, but that of the whole country. We need the social organizations and the social organizations probably need us. What we no longer need are the State institutions that have demonstrated incompetence, corruption and impunity that covers all of the country; they are no longer useful to us and therefore we have decided to seek support in civil society and the social organizations.”
For this Sunday, the parents and students of Ayotzinapa have contemplated holding a demonstration in Tuxtla Gutiérrez where social organizations and students from the 19 state teachers colleges that are on strike in protest of the disappearance of the 43 youths would accompany them.
[Included in this article are 3 comunicados issued by the EZLN and read at the meeting with the Ayotzinapa Caravan. They can also be found in Spanish on the Enlace Zapatista website, the official web page of the EZLN. We will post the official English translations as soon as they become available.
——————————————————————
Originally Published in Spanish by Chiapas Paralelo
Translation: Chiapas Support Committee
Sunday, November 16, 2014
En español: http://www.chiapasparalelo.com/noticias/chiapas/2014/11/22167/
Why are increasing numbers of young men giving up on relationships and ‘checking out' of society? This question has remerged again and again ever since Milo Yiannopoulos, an associate editor at Breitbart.com, published two articles on the subject commenting on the recent global trend which they calls ‘the sexodus'.. They describe how growing numbers of young, adult males who are retreating into a life of pornography, video games, ‘lad culture' and chemical addictions. The reverse of this, arguably to a similar extent, also appears to be true. How often do we hear about women turning their backs on feminism, saddened how in their opinion ‘real men' no longer seem to exist? Men who could once afford to be brave enough to approach and talk to women, without having to fear that their behaviour, choice of words or mere opinions may be taken as offensive, sexist or predatory.
Jack Rivlin, co-founder and editor-in-chief of The Tab, the guiding intelligence behind over 30 student newspapers in the UK has agreed that there is a worrying trend amongst young men on campuses nationwide who, when held to ever higher standards, are simply left clueless when attempting to engage with women.
“Teenage boys always have been useless with girls, but there's definitely a fear that now being well-intentioned isn't enough, and you can get into trouble just for being clumsy,” they say. “For example, leaning in for a kiss might see you branded a creep, rather than just inept.”
Whilst they recognise that an obvious solution may be for young men to adopt the unromantic but practical solution of asking women how they ‘should' behave Rivlin also explains how most will favour to instead “...just opt out of the game and retreat to the sanctuary of their groups of lads, where being rude to women gets you approval, and you can pretty much entirely avoid one-on-one socialising with the opposite sex.”
One of the ways student unions have reacted to the ‘lad culture epidemic' over here in the UK is to introduce mandatory consent classes. It is always claimed that these are presented as being ‘gender neutral' and only seek to raise awareness about where to draw the line at harassment, and in general they certainly do this job.
However, their effectiveness has been disputed by feminist academics such as Camille Paglia who have been warning for years that patronising feminist ‘rape drives' if anything put women at greater risk, with bogus statistics perpetuating false perceptions of a ‘rape culture' on campuses. Many are, therefore, now are reluctant to associate themselves with feminism citing how the ‘victimhood' culture, teaching them to be aggressively vulnerable only leads to demonising what is most often normal, male behaviour. Feminists have found a phrase for that too, ‘toxic masculinity'. Boisterous behaviour has become to be seen as ‘problematic', with girls behaviour set as the gold standard against which boys are measured. A telling example would be the fact that one in seven American boys are diagnosed with ADHD during their education, drugs with hideous potential side effects such as Ritalin are prescribed as mood stabilisers to curb what is seen as such ‘dangerous' behaviour. This leads to boys falling behind academically, a trend we've seen for years now, with young men achieving lower grades and fewer degrees. What this does are create a generation of dysfunctional adolescents, lacking in self esteem, unable to engage with the opposite sex.
Many men are also quite understandably left confused by the discrepancies over what women say they want, and what they actually appear to want. Yiannopoulos writes how: “Men are constantly told they should be delicate, sensitive fellow travellers on the feminist path. But the same women who say they want a nice, unthreatening boyfriend go home and swoon over simple-minded, giant-chested, testosterone-saturated hunks in Game of Thrones“. This is quite obviously a generalisation, but true or not many less confident men are left perplexed by this notion and wonder whether it is worth working out what a woman wants when you can gain and indulge in the same/similar rewards (video games, sexual gratification etc) from the comfort of your own bedroom?
Are Western men therefore, now less interested in marriage for fear of harsh divorce proceedings, at risk of becoming like Japan's ‘herbivore' millenials? Those who shun relationships, sex and even career interests in favour of visiting temples and playing video games. Some claim this is a result of social engineering, a by-product of third wave feminism teachings effeminising men around the world. Is it really surprising therefore that in a last ditch effort to reclaim their confidence young males are turning to lost causes such as pickup artists like Julien Blanc?
One look at popular culture will quickly tell us how it is ‘the patriarchy' and men's natural misogynistic behaviour which has caused the breakdown in relations between the sexes. Proponents of third wave feminism, behind so many societal shifts in recent years has adopted this narrative and used it as their justification to try and tear down the institutions and power structures which they believe are woven into the very fabric of our society.
Contrary to this, Jack Donovan (author of ‘The Myth of Male Power') has attempted to explain the phenomenon by referring to how easy it has become for feminists to win in the media. “Because men instinctively want to protect women and play the hero, if a man writes even a tentative criticism of women or feminism, he's denounced by men and women alike as some kind of extremist scoundrel. The majority of “men's studies” and “men's rights” books and blogs that aren't explicitly pro-feminist are littered with apologies to women.” Unlike therefore modern feminists, who Donovan believes are ‘driving a wedge' between the sexes, the Men's Rights Movement suffers from the disability of authors and academic constantly needing to ‘tip-toe' around the issue for fear of appearing too radical or ‘bigoted'.
Feminists however see no issue with the Guardian's Jessica Valenti walking around with a t-shirt reading ‘I BATHE IN MALE TEARS' or viral hash tags advocating for the mass genocide of all white men. We therefore end up with a majority of dissatisfied and disorientated young men, too afraid to speak out for fear of becoming another victim of neo-progressive liberal social justice warriors, who simply do not want to know.
The high saturated fat levels in food such as burgers lower children's immune systems, it is believed.
A research project involving more than 50 countries found that teenagers who ate junk food three times a week or more were 39 per cent more likely to get severe asthma. Younger children were 27 per cent more at risk.
Both were also more prone to the eye condition rhinoconjunctivitis, according to The Sun newspaper
But just three weekly portions of fruit and vegetables could cut that risk by 14 per cent in the younger group and 11 per cent among the teens, it is believed.
Researchers from New Zealand's Auckland University looked at the diets of 181,000 youngsters aged six to seven and 319,000 aged 13-14.
The scientists then asked if the children had allergy symptoms.
They wrote in the journal Thorax, where the study is published: "Fast food may be contributing to increasing asthma, rhinoconjunctivitis and eczema.
"Regular consumption of fruit and vegetables is likely to protect against these diseases."
In the UK alone 1.1 million children already suffer with asthma and one in five get eczema.
The team of researchers warns that their results do not prove cause and effect.
41 Pages Posted: 15 Mar 2016 Last revised: 20 Apr 2017
Date Written: March 15, 2016
Abstract
The rise of increasingly complex algorithms calls for critical thought about how best to prevent, deter, and compensate for the harms that they cause. This paper argues that the criminal law and tort regulatory systems will prove no match for the difficult regulatory puzzles algorithms pose. Algorithmic regulation will require federal uniformity, expert judgment, political independence, and pre-market review to prevent - without stifling innovation - the introduction of unacceptably dangerous algorithms into the market. This paper proposes that a new specialist regulatory agency should be created to regulate algorithmic safety. An FDA for algorithms.
Such a federal consumer protection agency should have three powers. First, it should have the power to organize and classify algorithms into regulatory categories by their design, complexity, and potential for harm (in both ordinary use and through misuse). Second, it should have the power to prevent the introduction of algorithms into the market until their safety and efficacy has been proven through evidence-based pre-market trials. Third, the agency should have broad authority to impose disclosure requirements and usage restrictions to prevent algorithms' harmful misuse.
To explain why a federal agency will be necessary, this paper proceeds in three parts. First, it explains the diversity of algorithms that already exist and that are soon to come. In the future many algorithms will be “trained,” not “designed.” That means that the operation of many algorithms will be opaque and difficult to predict in border cases, and responsibility for their harms will be diffuse and difficult to assign. Moreover, although “designed” algorithms already play important roles in many life-or-death situations (from emergency landings to automated braking systems), increasingly “trained” algorithms will be deployed in these mission-critical applications.
Second, this paper explains why other possible regulatory schemes - such as state tort and criminal law or regulation through subject-matter regulatory agencies - will not be as desirable as the creation of a centralized federal regulatory agency for the administration of algorithms as a category. For consumers, tort and criminal law are unlikely to efficiently counter the harms from algorithms. Harms traceable to algorithms may frequently be diffuse and difficult to detect. Human responsibility and liability for such harms will be difficult to establish. And narrowly tailored usage restrictions may be difficult to enforce through indirect regulation. For innovators, the availability of federal preemption from local and ex-post liability is likely to be desired.
Third, this paper explains that the concerns driving the regulation of food, drugs, and cosmetics closely resemble the concerns that should drive the regulation of algorithms. With respect to the operation of many drugs, the precise mechanisms by which they produce their benefits and harms are not well understood. The same will soon be true of many of the most important (and potentially dangerous) future algorithms. Drawing on lessons from the fitful growth and development of the FDA, the paper proposes that the FDA's regulatory scheme is an appropriate model from which to design an agency charged with algorithmic regulation.
The paper closes by emphasizing the need to think proactively about the potential dangers algorithms pose. The United States created the FDA and expanded its regulatory reach only after several serious tragedies revealed its necessity. If we fail to anticipate the trajectory of modern algorithmic technology, history may repeat itself.
After discovering an amazing little trick using strtotime() in PHP yesterday, I thought I'd share it with you all.
The Scenario
Whilst adding some new analytical graphs to the dashboard of our CaffeineCommerce software, I needed to ask Google's API for the total monthly visits between month X and month Y (e.g. 2010-11-01 and 2011-04-30, the last 6 months). So, essentially I need to generate a timestamp for the last day of last month and for the first day of 6 months ago.
How to begin?
At first, it seemed that mktime() might be the answer. But the more I probed, the more messy things got with finding the last day of last month. Which month was it? How many days? But then I discovered a little bit of black magic, thanks to StackOverflow.
strtotime() & The Dark Arts
Now, whether the PHP development team that put together strtotime() actually have contact with ‘He that mustn't be named' is up for debate. But I personally believe the following to be amazing to such an extent that it cannot be pure.
Need the know the ‘last day of last month' in PHP? Prepare your mind to be blown…
strtotime('last day of last month'); // returns timestamp of last day of last month, no jokes
The ‘first day of six months ago'? No problem!
strtotime('first day of six months ago'); // returns timestamp of first day of six months ago
…and so forth. Now you might say that I'm easily impressed, you might even been laughing at your screen right now because ‘surely everybody knew this!?'. If that's the case then I'd guess you're a Ruby developer and I know that you've been able to do this for a while (but Ruby is also black magic, blacker than obsidian and I love it!).
By the way, if you need to know the date of Easter Sunday in the year 2020?
strtotime('Easter Sunday in the year 2020'); // this doesn't work, I'm just seeing if anyone is still paying attention!
Thanks for reading, I hope that you found this even half as mind blowing as I did! Leave me a comment if you did, even if you didn't!
Following the horrific December 2012 shooting at Sandy Hook, the game industry sat down with the Vice President to talk about gun violence. A year later we ask: What's come of that meeting? Gamasutra's Mike Rose reports.
"Congress should fund research on the effects violent video games have on young minds," said U.S. President Barack Obama back in January 2013. "We don't benefit from ignorance. We don't benefit from not knowing the science."
As part of their proposals for a series of gun-control measures in the U.S. following the tragic December 2012 shooting at Newtown, the President said that $10 million in Congressional funding should be used to research the supposed relationship between new media -- including video games -- and gun violence.
This was one of the most significant moments in video game history, and a moment not to be taken lightly -- no president before had taken formal, political steps to study any purported link between violent video games and real-life violence. Though the administration did not condemn video games outright, examining video games on a world stage in the utterly tragic context of deceased children would potentially cement a negative perception of video games in the heads of millions of people.
As the world tried to make sense of such a senseless act, America's leaders called a meeting with the game industry, not to scapegoat video games, they said, rather to work together tos find a way to curb gun violence. But today, the people closest to the issue suggest both Obama's words and the game industry's meeting with Vice President Biden were simply an act to score points with the media and the voters, all the while leaving the video game industry in the lurch.
That is old scapegoat
Let's start at the beginning. On December 14, 2012, the mass murder of both children and adults at Sandy Hook Elementary School left people around the world shocked, horrified, and angry.
As was widely reported for days and weeks to come, Adam Lanza was the individual responsible for the second deadliest mass shooting in the history of the United States of America -- and as is the case with every tragic event, the news coverage quickly devolved from cataloguing every horrific detail, to finding some larger cause to blame for the ordeal.
The initial scrutiny fell on gun control, and there was light talk of banning sales of certain weapons and ammo magazines. Mental healthcare issues came to the surface. Yet very quickly the media turned its attention to violent video games.
Within hours of the tragedy, Fox News was pointing fingers at video games, along with the usual suspects like reality TV and Facebook. But this was just the beginning.
"Adam Lanza was motivated by violent video games," said CBS News at the time. "Lanza was also likely acting out the fantasies of a video game as they killed 20 first graders and six adults at the school. For Lanza, the deaths apparently amounted to some kind of 'score.'"
"Killer lived in windowless lair playing violent video games," shouted The Sun. "Lanza, 20, spent hours playing bloodthirsty computer games such as Call of Duty and obsessively studying weapons in the basement at mum Nancy's home."
A similar headline from the New York Post: "Killer's basement their eerie lair of violent video games." And the Daily Mail asked, "Should Call of Duty be banned?"
Similar headlines were a media mainstay from the weeks that followed Sandy Hook. The National Rifle Association was quick to follow suit -- in an effort to divert attention from the gun industry -- and numerous NRA officials made formal statements blaming violent video games for the mass shooting.
For people who play video games and follow the game industry, these accusations and scapegoating have sadly become the norm. Violent video games are regularly blamed for large-scale acts of violence, including the Virginia Tech mass shooting (where it was later proven that video games had absolutely nothing to do with the massacre). What was different this time around was that the White House decided that it had better say something.
On January 11, 2013, Vice President Joe Biden met with representatives of the video game industry, to discuss reducing gun-related violence in the country. Some game industry commentators, including Gamasutra's editor-in-chief Kris Graft, criticized the game industry's participation, calling it a hollow photo-op that would be seen as an admission of guilt.
Days later, President Barack Obama asked Congress to fund research into the link between violent video games and real-life violence. "Congress should fund research on the effects violent video games have on young minds," they said at the time. "We don't benefit from ignorance. We don't benefit from not knowing the science."
Though video games once again were in an unwanted spotlight, perhaps there was a silver lining: The game industry could simply sit back and wait for this research to come back and -- maybe, hopefully -- show the world once and for all that there is no link between violence in video games and these real-life mass shootings.
And yet, it's been more than a year since the meeting with Biden, and more than a year since Obama called for $10 million to be set aside for research into whether new media, such as violent video games, influence root causes of gun violence. In that time, you probably haven't heard much about that research.
That's because it never actually happened, nor did any funding change hands. As discovered in my various talks with individuals and researchers close to discussions, any potential research efforts from Congress broke down fairly rapidly following the meeting with Biden, and hardly anything has been said since.
Instead, the White House gave itself a photo op to prove that it was listening to the mainstream media; The mainstream media showed the stranglehold it has over the government, regardless of whether it has fact-checked or not; And anti-video game campaigners now have quotes from the president to back up their theories that video games are to blame.
Last night Mark Carney, governor of the Bank of England, issued a stark warning about the future of capitalism. Here is what they said: “The global economy risks becoming trapped in a low growth, low inflation, low interest rate equilibrium.”
I would concur with that except for the word “equilibrium”. If growth collapses; if you can't earn interest on capital invested; and if inflation cannot be relied on to erode the world's 270 trillion dollar debts, the last thing you're going to get is anything like equilibrium.
In fact you're going to get a second financial collapse, starting in China and the emerging markets where debt has rocketed, and this time the monetary policy tools central bankers have used to revive the economy after 2008 will be – as Carney admits – of very limited use.
Sometimes, in journalism, just spelling out more clearly what policymakers – who always have to use opaque and restrained language – mean is a public service in itself. The whole speech and the assorted graphs are here. So here goes.
The 12 trillion (my figure) dollars worth of money printed by central banks in the form of quantitative easing and soft loans has simply bought time. That time has been used to mend the banking system, defusing the debt timebombs that would have closed all the ATMs in the world, Greek-style, if the bailouts had not happened.
But constantly printing money, and slashing interest rates close to zero, can't revive sustained economic growth unless the structure of the global economy, and individual countries, changes.
But it hasn't changed enough. Instead money surged into the emerging markets, creating a financial bubble that has burst. If, as many expect, those countries respond by slashing at each other with currency devaluations – aka curency war – Carney fears the global financial architecture will begin to fall apart. The words they uses are “it will be more challenging to build a truly open, global system”.
So central bankers are facing an existential question: was eight years of QE just a bridge between two manageable crises, or a “pier” leading nowhere? Carney thinks the crisis is manageable: that is, they think there are things central bankers can do to buy more time – but they cannot revive growth themselves.
And the problems are long term. Carney lists them: ageing populations, destruction of capacity by two boom-bust cycles, higher borrowing costs for ordinary people compared to banks, less investment, more inequality, people paying down debt and the austerity measures required by high public debt.
“With more savings chasing fewer investment opportunities, equilibrium safe returns have fallen sharply towards zero.” Again, in plain English: there's too much capital for capitalism to function and its depressing the baseline return on money to zero.
With interest rates slashed close to zero, all central banks can do is continue with unconventional policies: namely printing money to buy the debts of governments and “communicating” – ie promising not to raise interest rates.
Problem is, some of the effects of QE are only temporary. Boosting asset prices runs out of steam. The impact on growth is temporary. And inflation is falling close to zero. So the central banks have to push real interest rates negative. About a quarter of the world economy now enjoys what you might call Central Bank anti-capitalism: policy set so that one pound automatically becomes 90p over time.
But something's blocking the effectiveness of these negative interest rates: because they destroy the traditional business models of banks, banks don't pass them on. So savers are insulated from them, while businesses are not.
This, Carney points out, leads to devaluation of the currencies of countries doing the negative interest rates. And that leads to the currency war that's simmering away, and that everybody wants to avoid, because after currency war comes controls on capital and then – goodbye globalisation.
The Bank of England's governor points out that, in this situation, all you can do is for individual countries to try and restart their economies through structural measures, not monetary ones. Since they can't borrow and spend their way out of the crisis, they have to “reform” their way out of it.
But how? Carney does not spell out the details but in the G20 parlance, the main tools in the toolkit of “structural reform” are ripping up labour protections, privatising public assets, cutting business taxes, boosting state investment – and direction of investment – into the major industries and projects, and privatising education.
Naturally, in all countries where this is tried it provokes resistance, and is therefore done gradually. But Carney points out doing things slowly does not work, because austerity, low growth, high debts and falling wages feed off each other.
The world then needs to “use the time purchased by monetary policy to develop a coherent and urgent approach to supply-side policies”.
But nobody in the room believes that will happen. G20 countries are already seriously engaged in competitive exit routes from the crisis: Saudi Arabia slashing the oil price to hurt America, Japan and China hurting each other with currency measures, the Eurozone destroying social cohesion among its weaker members through austerity.
Both Britain and America, which effectively “won” the recovery by taking QE measures early and (in America's case) avoiding austerity, are currently engaged in luxury political debates. In America the actual macroeconomic policies being debated at the G20 rarely figure in debates between the Republican candidates, and Hillary Clinton's strongesst card against Sanders is that “there's more to this than economics”. Here we're engaged in a “nice-to-have” fistfight over EU membership.
So Carney's speech has to be read like a “last chance saloon” warning – decoded it says: we can do more through QE, we can slash interest rates to negative, we might have to reach inside the banking system and force banks to pass negative interest rates on to savers, and we can keep the banking system from exploding again, but only a co-ordinated turn to policies that revive growth by governments will prevent a 1930s style exit into deglobalisation.
But calm and prescient as they may be, the governor – indeed the assembled elites in the G20 – can do nothing about the rising tide of what they call “populist” political responses that want, either from the left or right, an end to central bank-led capitalism, the write-off of debts and a return to national-centred economic policies.
Follow @paulmasonnews on Twitter
Netflix and Amazon's European operations will have to guarantee to that at least 20% of video content in their catalogue is from Europe, according to a shake-up of broadcasting rules unveiled by the European Commission on Wednesday.
European regulators are introducing the new rules to make the new wave of digital on-demand and streaming services adhere to the same, or similar, commitments that traditional TV broadcasters are forced to follow in Europe.
BBC gets green light to launch Netflix rival Read more
“Currently, European TV broadcasters invest around 20% of their revenues in original content and on-demand providers less than 1%,” said the European Commission. “The Commission wants TV broadcasters to continue to dedicate at least half of viewing time to European works and will oblige on-demand providers to ensure that at least 20% share of European content in their catalogues.”
In addition, platforms such as Netflix and Amazon will have to ensure that their services provide “good visibility” and prominence to European content in their digital catalogues.
The Commission's proposal also said member states have the option to make on-demand services “contribute financially” to making new European films and TV series.
This can be through direct investment in European TV and film productions, such as Amazon's investment in ex-Top Gear host Jeremy Clarkson's new TV series, or as a levy payable into a fund.
Netflix recently premiered its first French language series, the political drama Marseilles starring Gérard Depardieu, and British period drama The Crown, which will launch later this year.
“Overall, strengthening the promotion of European works for on-demand services will lead to a broader and more diverse offer for Europeans,” the Commission said. “This will have a positive impact on cultural diversity and bring more opportunities for European creators.”
Netflix disagreed with the Commission's ruling, arguing that a quota system, as well as forced investment in European productions, will not necessarily lead to quality shows being made.
Mike Leigh's Peterloo massacre drama heading to Amazon Read more
Instead, it could lead to operators buying, or investing in, cheap productions and “filler” content to hit quotas.
“Our members around the world love European programming, that's why our investment in European programming, including Netflix original titles created in Europe, is growing,” said a spokesperson for Netflix. “We appreciate the Commission's objective to have European production flourish, however the proposed measures won't actually achieve that.”
Netflix said it has committed “hundreds of millions” of euros to European productions so far, as well as having partnerships with broadcasters including the BBC, for Watership Down, and ITV for Marcella, which stars Anna Friel.
According to a study provided by the European Commission, Netflix and Apple's iTunes already devote 21% of their film catalogue to content from the European Union.
The European Commission's new rules also state that services such as YouTube will have to beef up protections for younger users being exposed to harmful content such as videos with pornographic or violent content, and “protect all citizens from incitement to hatred”.
“Detailed measures include tools for users to report and flag harmful content, age verification, or parental control systems,” said the Commission.
The European Commission said it is weeks away from presenting the results of a code of conduct on combatting hate speech online that it has been working on with major online platforms.
“The way we watch TV or videos may have changed, but our values don't,” said Günther Oettinger, commissioner for the digital economy and society. “With these new rules we will uphold media pluralism, the independence of audiovisual regulators and will make sure incitement to hatred will have no room on video-sharing platforms. We also want to ensure a level-playing field, responsible behaviour, trust and fairness in the online platforms environment.”
When Senators Tom Coburn and David Vitter decided to make fun of Democratic efforts to pass health reform, they probably did not see this coming.
By proposing an amendment that would require members of Congress to register for public health care if the so-called public option were to pass, the two Republicans hoped to further deter their colleagues from voting in favor.
The hitch in their plan: several Democrats took them seriously.
Speaking to MSNBC on Friday night, Sen. Sherrod Brown explained why they offered to co-sponsor the amendment.
“[With] Sen. Coburn, nine times we said we wanted to co-sponsor,” they said. “Usually it takes once and they say yes. I've always accepted that; so has everybody I know in the Senate. Nine times we asked to co-sponsor and their office either just said we'll get back to you or ignored our calls and our emails because it was all a sham. … They clearly don't like the public option. They were making fun of it. Their whole game is to delay and deceive and to play political games. … And so, it's just a little partisan game they're playing.”
So far, Senators Dodd, Mikulski and Franken have also added their names as co-sponsors.
This video was broadcast by MSNBC on Friday, Dec. 4, 2009, as clipped by Crooks and Liars.
This video was published to YouTube on Saturday, Dec. 5, 2009.
Shares
They're just the mentally ill. No big deal.
Ten days before Christmas, mental health care providers in Missoula received layoff slips, according to MTPR.
Western Montana Mental Health said it can't confirm the exact number of layoffs until Tuesday, but that, “up to 50” employees would not be an unreasonable estimate.
Montana's Health and Human Services Department provides much of the funding for the mental health center. The department took the brunt of the budget cuts mandated by Republican lawmakers in the 2017 special session. As many as 200 clients could be affected, probably more. Here's what one provider says on Facebook:
What I have been most struck by, in the last few days, is how consistently the main concern of my co-workers has been what will happen to our clients. This is a group of people who are being laid off a week after Christmas and that is what is uppermost in their thoughts.
And from another provider:
Rehab aide, Lisa Leon, predicts the layoffs will lead to more mentally ill people winding up on the streets, in hospitals, or in jail. Since Thursday's announced layoffs, Leon says one client tried to commit suicide. “Thankfully they aren't successful. I'm sorry, but if any of them are successful, the blood is on Western Montana (Mental Health center's) hands and Governor Bullock and the Legislature. They were messing around with people's lives. I don't think they understand how many people they're affecting with these cuts,” Leon says.
Hope you're having Happy Holidays, Montana GOP Legislators.
It was in the eighth inning of Baltimore's 15-7 win over visiting St. Louis on Saturday. Machado fielded a Jedd Gyorko grounder to their backhand side, and the former All-Star and Gold Glove Award winner made the stop, going into foul territory and throwing across their body and off of their back foot.
BALTIMORE -- With teams all across MLB decked out in Father's Day blue, Orioles third baseman Manny Machado treated daughters, sons, moms and dads to a dazzling play worth sharing socially alongside their customary tributes and shout-outs.
BALTIMORE -- With teams all across MLB decked out in Father's Day blue, Orioles third baseman Manny Machado treated daughters, sons, moms and dads to a dazzling play worth sharing socially alongside their customary tributes and shout-outs.
It was in the eighth inning of Baltimore's 15-7 win over visiting St. Louis on Saturday. Machado fielded a Jedd Gyorko grounder to their backhand side, and the former All-Star and Gold Glove Award winner made the stop, going into foul territory and throwing across their body and off of their back foot.
View Full Game Coverage
• Cast your Esurance All-Star Game Ballot for Manny and other #ASGWorthy players
Despite being off-balance, Machado threw a perfect strike to first baseman Trey Mancini.
Video: Must C Cannon: Machado shows off arm from foul ground
"To make it even better, I had a good look at it. It's probably foul. It's probably a foul ball," Orioles manager Buck Showalter said. "So, yeah. The most amazing thing is the throw and the velocity they can create from that arm angle. I was talking to Brian Butterfield, the third-base coach of the Red Sox, they were talking about how he's got a first-class seat there. One of the differences is the velocity and arm strength [Machado] can create from different slots and throw accurately.
"Think about the bar that they have set for himself. I can't say it now, but when I'm through, one day I'll tell you how I really feel about where they rate, comparatively speaking."
Brittany Ghiroli has covered the Orioles for MLB.com since 2010. Read their blog, Britt's Bird Watch, follow them on Facebook and Twitter @britt_ghiroli, and listen to them podcast.
314 SHARES Facebook Twitter Pinterest Reddit
Making do with a small apartment is something many people feel forced to consider when renting in a big city. Location is king but so is cash, so size gets to be compromised on very often. However, if you just don't want to sacrifice size on the altar of an expensive location, things tend to get really frustrating. What a time to be alive, huh?
Last year we examined the price-to-space ratio in the 30 most populous cities in the US, and we discovered how much space you can rent in each for $1,500 per month. This time we thought we'd go a step further and show you what can you get for the same amount of money in the 30 most magnetic cities around the world.
But what makes these cities magnetic? The Mori Memorial Foundation's Institute for Urban Strategies has your answer in their Global Power City Index research. Their summary ranks each city in terms of their attractiveness, based on six main criteria: economy, research & development, cultural interaction, livability, environment, and accessibility.
$1,500 per Month—from 277 Sq. Ft. In Manhattan, NY to 1,889 Sq. Ft. In Istanbul, TR
Starting from this list, with the help of our ever loyal market data friend, Yardi Matrix, we managed to calculate how much space will $1,500 rent you in each of these cities. The different sizes of the tiles below represent the actual proportions of how the value of your money changes across different real estate markets.
As you can see, $1,500 will rent you three times more space in Shanghai than in Los Angeles and twice as much in Frankfurt. The per-square-foot price is more than five times higher in San Francisco than in Berlin—basically, the German capital would offer you a five times larger living space than San Francisco, for the same amount of money.
It might be hard to picture this, so here's something easier: the size of an apartment in Istanbul equals the size of seven hypothetical Manhattan apartments you'd rent for $1,500/month. This is how the 1-1 ratio goes:
Because the numbers involved are essential, we included a table stuffed with all the data used in the study. Depending on the measurement units you're used to, you can check the price per square foot or per square meter in any of the 30 cities analyzed in this study. We've also included exactly how much space one can rent for $1,500 based on the average price per square foot (the same data we used in the infographic above), so feel free to sort the cities by the criteria which is of interest to you.
# City Sq. Ft. / $1,500 Price / Sq. Ft. Sq. M. / $1,500 Price / Sq. M. 1 Istanbul, TR 1,899 $0.79 176 $8.50 2 Shanghai, CN 1,705 $0.88 158 $9.47 3 Berlin, DE 1,500 $1.00 139 $10.76 4 Beijing, CN 1,426 $1.05 133 $11.30 5 Seoul, KR 1,389 $1.08 129 $11.63 6 Frankfurt, DE 1,035 $1.45 96 $15.59 7 Vienna, AT 1,009 $1.49 94 $15.99 8 Madrid, ES 949 $1.58 88 $17.01 9 Osaka, JP 898 $1.67 83 $17.98 10 Brussels, BE 843 $1.78 78 $19.16 11 Barcelona, ES 769 $1.95 71 $20.99 12 Toronto, CA 674 $2.23 63 $23.96 13 Amsterdam, NL 622 $2.41 58 $25.94 14 Copenhagen, DK 620 $2.42 58 $26.05 15 Vancouver, CA 610 $2.46 57 $26.48 16 Chicago, US 600 $2.50 56 $26.91 17 Washington D.C., US 543 $2.76 50 $29.71 18 Tokyo, JP 538 $2.79 50 $30.03 19 Sydney, AU 537 $2.79 50 $30.05 20 Los Angeles, US 530 $2.83 49 $30.46 21 Singapore, SG 449 $3.34 42 $35.95 22 Stockholm, SE 419 $3.58 39 $38.54 23 Boston, US 359 $4.18 33 $44.99 24 Geneva, CH 341 $4.40 32 $47.36 25 Paris, FR 321 $4.67 30 $50.27 26 Hong Kong, HK 321 $4.67 30 $50.27 27 San Francisco, US 316 $4.75 29 $51.13 28 Zurich, CH 314 $4.78 29 $51.45 29 London, GB 301 $4.98 28 $53.60 30 Manhattan (NYC), US 277 $5.42 26 $58.34
Here's something surprising: four Western European cities compete with Manhattan, San Francisco and Hong Kong in terms of high per-square-foot prices. London, Paris and the Swiss beauties Zurich and Geneva offer under 350 sq. ft. for $1,500/month:
Manhattan vs. Seoul
Boasting a high ranking in the GPCI in terms of research & development, economy and cultural interaction, New York City is the second most magnetic global hub—a desirable place to call home. It doesn't come as a surprise that a financial center such as Manhattan offers only 277 sq. ft. (26 m2) for $1,500. Besides being a winner in terms of career opportunity, The City that Never Sleeps measures up to its reputation, much to the delight of the outgoing night owl in you.
Similar to New York in terms of architecture, entertainment and employment options, Seoul tells the story from another angle. In Seoul, the same amount of money will rent you no less than a 1,389-sq.-ft. (129 m2) apartment, which means that you get to make yourself at home in a highly generous living space. The top educational system, the remarkable public transportation network and the modern, yet traditional allure make for an amazing city to call home.
San Francisco vs. Vienna
Smaller, less hustly-bustly and slightly less expensive than NYC, San Francisco is among the most coveted cities in the world. There is no shortage of cultural diversity and entertainment options here. For $1,500 a month, you can rent a 316-sq.-ft. (29 m2) apartment in The Golden Gate City and enjoy the perks of living in one of the best places of opportunity in the US.
If you'd rather not downsize your living space to 316 sq. ft. (29 m2) , the good news is that you can triple it instead by moving to Austria. A monthly sum of $1,500 would rent you 1,009 sq. ft. (94 m2) of living space on average in the gorgeous city of Vienna, making it one of the most affordable Western European cities out of the batch. Here wellness meets opportunity, so your career is sure to be in good hands. The City of Music also runs the gamut of entertainment options from museums, vintage cinemas, live shows to recreational parks and hiking trails.
Methodology
Fair use and redistribution We encourage you and freely grant you permission to reuse, host, or repost the images in this article. When doing so, we only ask that you kindly attribute the authors by linking to RENTCafe.com or this page, so that your readers can learn more about this project, the research behind it and its methodology. For more in-depth, customized data, please contact us at media@rentcafe.com.
FCC Used Title II To Fine AT&T For SMS Cramming And The World Didn't End: Why Would It For Broadband?
from the questions-to-ponder dept
The Enforcement Bureau launched its investigation after receiving consumer complaints alleging that AT&T customers had been billed with months of unauthorized charges for third-party services that they did not request. In some cases, complaints alleged that AT&T Mobility refused to issue refunds or would only refund one or two months' worth of such charges, leaving consumers on the hook for the rest. Until January 2014, AT&T Mobility included charges for third-party services -- such as monthly subscriptions for ringtones, wallpaper, and text messages providing horoscopes, flirting tips, celebrity gossip, and other information -- on its customers' telephone bills. The charge for each of these types of subscriptions was typically $9.99 per month.
You may have heard the story a few weeks ago about how the FCC and FTC teamed up to fine AT&T $105 million for mobile cramming (allowing unauthorized mobile charges for premium -- costly -- SMS, of which AT&T kept 35% of all money made). As the FCC noted:This was the largest fine the FCC has ever given out. Some, quite reasonably, pointed out that it took the FCC (and the FTC) quite a long time to catch up on this, as such practices had been called out for years and years However, there was a much more interesting element to this fine, as it relates to the current net neutrality "Title II" fight. Remember, the telcos (including AT&T) are pretty adamant that if broadband is classified under Title II it will be the death of all good things. It will be a huge regulatory burden and companies like AT&T are likely to cease all investment and such. Similarly, AT&T and others insist that there's enough competition in the market to prevent anti-consumer practices, and that Title II simply isn't necessary in such a "competitive" market.So, um, what authority did the FCC use to fine AT&T this time? Well, buried in the official filing , we see that it was done under Section 201(b) of the Communications Act of 1934. You can see 47 USC 201 and read it for yourself, but it's mostly important to know that 47 USC 201. In other words, despite an even more "competitive" mobile market than broadband, the FCC had to break out Title II regulations to protect consumers from a years-long scam in which AT&T profited massively, scamming millions from consumers.And... notice that AT&T accepted the fine and isn't complaining about it. Nor is it challenging the use of the Title II authority, despite SMS being considered something of a service in "limbo" in which it hasn't been definitively classified under Title II or Title I.And yet, the mobile world has not collapsed. AT&T and other mobile operators aren't screaming to the heavens about how this use of Title II will chill all investment, create massive problems and lead to the end of all that is beautiful and innovative, as they claim about broadband. Instead, they're basically admitting that they helped out with and profited from this scam for years, and that the FCC needed to make use of this authority to protect the consumers that AT&T did nothing to protect, despite knowing full well what was going on for many, many years.So, from all this, we sense two things: (1) these big telcos can be nasty scammers, cheating people out of money even when there is competition and (2) Title II is not so horrible after allcan actually be quite helpful (eventually!) in getting the big telcos to eventually stop their scammy practices and pay up...
Filed Under: competition, cramming, fcc, ftc, net neutrality, regulation, scams, title ii
Companies: at&t
Lead role in forthcoming film has yet to be cast
Courtney Love says they hope filming will start on a mooted Kurt Cobain biopic within the next year.
As reported, a film of the late Nirvana frontman's life is set to go into production. Love set the timescale in a new interview with Inquirer Entertainment, in which they also said they won't be deciding who plays their late husband.
“The biopic should start within the next year or so,” said Love. “I won't name names because I don't want to jinx it for anyone but these are 25-year-olds who are blonde, gorgeous and the new Brad Pitts. There's a ton of those. Some are really good actors, not just pretty faces. I don't want to be the person who makes that decision.”
However, Love will be involved in the film, alongside Cobain's former Nirvana bandmates. “I do have a say in it. So do Frances, and Krist (Novoselic) and Dave (Grohl), for that matter, if it touches on Nirvana — and it will. I am leading the charge because it's time to do this.”
Love previously revealed to NME that they have ambitious plans for their late husband's legacy, including a documentary and stage play. Love stated that it has been fans' reactions to the possibility of a stage production involving Cobain's story which has made it now “very likely” to happen.
Dutch EDM poster boy Martin Garrix is to be given an honour of the highest order by having an entire Beatport genre named after him.
Garrix has enjoyed a short and somewhat prolific production career since breaking onto the EDM scene with the release of their track Animals as a seventeen year old in June 2013. The track would go on to enjoy huge commercial success and see Garrix become the youngest ever producer to have a Beatport number one.
Beatport's genre classification has been the source of some heated debate within the dance music community, particularly the progressive house section which, according to progressive legend Dave Seaman, houses both “new, big room, EDM claptrap” and the more melodic progressive tracks synonymous with labels like Global Underground and Renaissance which came to prominence in the early noughties.
Beatport spokesperson Engelbert Stankovich believes the introduction of the new genre could revolutionise the musical classification on the site. We caught up with them earlier, “We're so sick of hearing people giving out about our genres so we've taken drastic action, hopefully now we can finally put the issue to bed.”
“Garrix's music has a very distinct, repetitive and unique sound, some would say that everything they release sounds exactly the same but here at Beatport we call that a genre,” explained Stankovich. “So we've decided to take everything that has that Garrix-y sound and bundle them all together in a nice neat little package.”
“As it happens ninety percent of EDM fits the criteria of the Martin Garrix genre,” claimed the Beatport spokesperson. “And with approximately ten million new releases every week it will soon become the biggest genre on the site and perhaps the biggest genre in the entire history of genres.”
Wunderground attempted to get Martin Garrix's view on Beatport's decision during a Skype session earlier today but the teenager refused to comment, instead deciding to whistle the tune of Animals, make faces and flash their bottom for the duration of the twenty minute call.
According to Stankovich, other potential names Beatport were considering for the Martin Garrix genre were, EDM, Generic House and Regressive Cunty Poppycock.
Helping the “forgotten man” was an important and successful message for President Donald Trump in their election campaign.
They tapped into the anxieties of many Americans who are struggling to find work and are watching as traditional industries disappear or are gobbled up by automation.
While some of this development has been natural, much has been artificially created by bad policies. In particular: the minimum wage.
A bombshell report was released Monday about the impact of minimum wage hikes in Seattle, Washington. The study, conducted by economists at the University of Washington, showed that minimum wage laws significantly decreased employment for lower-income workers.
Additionally, the report found that average hours for low-income employees had also declined since Seattle's $13 minimum wage law began being implemented in 2015.
The original proposal was for a $15 minimum wage—which has been a benchmark for national minimum wage advocates. If the study is accurate, one would imagine a further $2 wage minimum would have even more drastic effects.
>>> Data Show These 6 Big Cities Aren't Faring Well After Minimum Wage Hikes
Employers, burdened by the newly imposed expenses, are cutting hours and cutting payroll. Under these conditions, many Americans are struggling to find work, or are underemployed when they do. A toxic brew.
One of the more explosive findings was that the “wage increase to $13 reduced hours worked in low-wage jobs by around 9 percent, while hourly wages in such jobs increased by around 3 percent. Consequently, total payroll fell for such jobs, implying that the minimum wage ordinance lowered low-wage employees' earnings by an average of $125 per month in 2016.”
So low-income employees earned, on average, $1,500 less per year. This is a big deal for someone already living on a tight budget.
Let's also note that this took place during an economic boom in Seattle.
While critics of the study have taken this as a reason to doubt its findings—the argument being that booming economies tend to squeeze out low-income workers—it should be nonetheless significant that while Seattle was undergoing explosive growth, those at the bottom of the income spectrum were getting squeezed out.
The result of the minimum wage hikes shouldn't be surprising. As The Heritage Foundation noted in 2016:
Companies hire workers when the additional earnings their labor creates exceeds the cost of employing them. Starting wages of $15.00 per hour mean full-time employees must create at least $38,700 a year in value for their employers. Such a high hurdle would make it much harder for less experienced and less skilled workers to find full-time jobs.
>>> Read the report: Raising Minimum Starting Wages to $15 Per Hour Would Eliminate 7 Million Jobs
Even some supporters of minimum wage concluded from the research that the minimum wage rates may at least be too high, even if they agree with them on principle.
Seattle's minimum wage hike (which I thought was a great idea) may actually have cost low-wage workers: https://t.co/iSC9AQb9WC — Jill Filipovic (@JillFilipovic) June 26, 2017
The findings could be a critical blow to the “Fight for $15” movement. This group's national agenda had already suffered a setback when a separate study found a significant number of middle-tier restaurant closures occurred after an increased minimum wage came into effect in San Francisco.
But now there is harder evidence that minimum wage laws both fail to accomplish the ends they were created for and in fact create more burdens for those they are intended to benefit. Continuing on this path will be enormously destructive for our country.
Minimum wage policies have been billed as a boon for the poor, but the University of Washington study shows how these well-meaning policies can pave the road to unemployment and misery.
Few situations are more destructive to individuals and society than the lack of meaningful work for large swaths of the population—as even a low-paying job is better than no job or opportunity at all.
When President Abraham Lincoln was asked by a friend what the most important value was in carving out a successful career, they responded: “Work, work, work is the main thing.”
Lincoln saw the “opportunity society” and reaping the fruits of one's labor as fundamental to the growth and underlying goodness of America. It was one of the many reasons they so fiercely opposed slavery.
Barriers to employment will naturally push more Americans out of work and on to the welfare rolls, sapping the skills and dignity of Americans who may already be struggling.
Increasing the obstacles for people trying to find a job perniciously turns the country into what political scientist Walter Russell Mead called a “warehouse” society of mass unemployment, an all-encompassing public dole, and no future.
This is an outcome that for millions of Americans would destroy “independence founded on achievement, on the human dignity that comes from doing work.”
Massachusetts Institute of Technology economist David Autor called this a “canary in the gold mine” moment—and we must heed this warning.
It's one of many harbingers for how America—renowned for its dynamism—can descend on the stultifying path of decline that Europe has already sailed.
Paul I. Casey JS Blume Publishing(TM) , Oct 25, 2013 - Science - 600 pages 0 Reviews The race for space begins on October 4, 1957 as the Soviet Union stuns the world and launches the first man-made satellite - a feat until then only read about in science fiction. America is caught unprepared for 1957 and must answer this embarrassment to the world by proving its superiority; however, each time America tries to launch a satellite - let alone test a new rocket - it fails. • How could America have taken a back seat in the missile race? • How did America take the lead and win the race to the moon in as little as ten years? • How did America gain the necessary technology and ingenuity to not only launch men into outer space, but also land them on the moon and safely return? • Why did man even go to the moon? • How has the space program affected our lives today? Casey spent their life researching the space program and interviewing many people involved in it, from scientists to astronauts, to find answers to these questions. Casey, an accomplished technical writer, astronomy columnist and artist, began to write this book after they were inspired as a young child when they witnessed, along with the rest of the world, Apollo 11 land three men on the moon in 1969. Casey enjoyed educating students about the space program and wrote this book to share an enthusiasm about science, especially for those never thought about looking up at the night sky and wondering about the stars. Casey wanted students to ask questions and to gain a perspective on how incredible science is. But mostly, they wanted to inspire students to pursue a career in science to continue the peaceful exploration of space for generations to come. Preview this book »
Check out our Mythbusting the Election series for more fact-checking and mythbusting of candidates like Jay Aissa.
Find our election survey for Waterloo Region, Cambridge, Kitchener, and Waterloo candidates at tritag.ca/election2014
In 2011, when light rail was being debated and ultimately decided upon, there was a great deal of misinformation being spread about light rail and its suitability to Waterloo Region. During that time, TriTAG debunked many of these myths so that an informed public debate could occur.
As the 2014 municipal election period builds momentum, false information about light rail is once again emerging. As democracy depends on an informed electorate, we've decided to fact-check egregious statements candidates make regarding light rail and other issues for which we advocate. We begin with Jay Aissa, who in their interview shortly after declaring their intent to run for Regional Chair, made several false claims concerning the light rail project.
Aissa: “One of the first things we'd like to change is to take that, allocate that money from LRT… and invest it in rapid buses.”
It's not clear what Mr. Aissa means by “rapid buses,” but 2011 cost estimates showed that capital costs for bus rapid transit were $702 million. Considering that the Region has already signed a $593 million contract with the Grand Linq consortium, and has already spent or committed an additional $147 million as of April this year preparing for light rail, Mr. Aissa's proposal would have less than one-fifth of the capital required to build a bus rapid transit line. What we'd likely end up with if they get their way are a few more buses and busier roads, with no rapid transit to show for the hundreds of millions spent.
Update: $739 million has now been spent or committed, representing 90% of the $818 million capital budget.
Aissa: “Wasting 30 million dollars every year to maintain the train , that is going to continue to cost more every year to run it.”
It's true that the operating costs will increase with time, but so does virtually every other expense a government, business, or individual encounters, due to inflation. This is an everyday reality of doing business. However, operating and maintaining ION is only $19 million per year, not $30 million. The remaining $11 million is for financing of capital costs, and structuring the of payment of these costs in this way helps to ensure that the consortium builds and maintains the system to an acceptable level of quality.
Aissa: “And they keep telling us LRT, rapid transit, I'm going to say it's actually streetcar, it's not even rapid, it's travelling at 17 km/h, it's not rapid transit.”
The 17 km/h claim is false. The light rail vehicles Waterloo Region has purchased can travel up to 80 km/h, though they will obey posted limits. In the heaviest pedestrian areas, this shouldn't be less than 20-25 km/h. Average speeds for travelling the corridor end-to-end (including time for stops) is estimated at 29 km/h – this is almost as fast as Toronto's subways, and substantially faster than their mixed-traffic streetcars.
While both streetcars and light rail exist on the same spectrum of rail systems, there are key distinctions between them. Conventional streetcars are like conventional buses in that they (mostly) operate in mixed-traffic. Light rail is rapid transit because it operates within its own right of way and is given signal priority at intersections, meaning it is not affected by traffic. Other features that will enhance the speed of ION include all-door level boarding and pre-payment, allowing the trains to be delayed less at stops. Light rail vehicles are also several times larger than streetcars and can easily be extended to carry more passengers with multiple train cars.
Aissa: “Take the track off the middle of the street to make it better traffic and travelling instead of a chaos.”
There will be no chaos. Separating transit vehicles from the road ensures less traffic and delay, not more. Operating transit in mixed-traffic means that buses or trams are delayed by congestion, and private vehicles are held up by stopping transit vehicles. While the ION right of way will take away two lanes from midtown King Street, Weber Street is gaining two lanes along the same length.
Aissa: “… down in Scarborough and Mississauga, everybody has the same issue we're dealing [with] here, nobody wants an LRT.”
To say “nobody” wants LRT is patently false, but even to say a majority do not want it is incorrect. A poll in February showed 56% of Scarborough residents preferred LRT to subways. One of the leading candidates for Mayor of Toronto is advocating for light rail in Scarborough. In Mississauga and Brampton, feedback at public consultations reveal support for an LRT line, and a citizen-led group exists to advocate for it.
Aissa: “You can see the one they have on the St. Clair. It is, you can drive down there and see the chaos on there. You don't have to be, you know to go through it, you just travel to St. Clair and find out what LRT did to the city, to the businesses. Most of the businesses out there, they're hurting. They don't have a chance to stay in the business for too long because, I travelled and I talked to lots of businesses along the St. Clair and they're all having the same problem, it's the traffic, it's the chaos of the traffic. And it, why we want to do what other city did and they're not successful on it?”
While the St. Clair tram is similar to the ION in that it has a dedicated right-of-way, based on stop spacing, vehicle size, and boarding method, it is classified as a streetcar, not light rail. Regardless of these differences, the biggest challenge caused by the St. Clair streetcar was the disruption due to poorly managed construction, which was further drawn out and delayed by a lawsuit trying to put a stop to the project. (That last part sound familiar?) These delays caused businesses to suffer, but now that the line is up and running business is improving, pedestrians are safer, and the mood on the street is “it's great!” Traffic is also flowing well along most of the corridor.
Aissa: “The Region is not growing as fast as everybody's saying. Last year we lost 13,000, the year before we lost 13,000, the population, and that's telling me the number's not going to come to that 750,000 in 30 years.”
Mr. Aissa's numbers aren't grounded in any reality. Using census data as a baseline (updated every 5 years), the Region uses building permits, vacancy, and school enrolment rates to carefully estimate annual population growth. In 2012, the Region grew by 4,500 people, in 2013 by 6,600, and in 2014 it's projected to grow by another 6,000. Long term projections of Regional population growth, performed by the province, were recently increased from 729,000 to 742,000 by 2031.
Aissa: “If we have the properties, and the properties is there, if in the future, next 30 years, if we need any kind of transportation, or a subway, we've got the land to put those things into place to make it travel differently.”
Rapid transit is needed today, not 30 years from now. Buses on the iXpress 200 and 7 mainline routes are already experiencing overcrowding and bus-bunching. Light rail is also needed to help the Region meet its intensification goals – something that needs to begin now, not at some indefinite date. And waiting until roads are even further congested in a decade or two would mean construction of a light rail system would be extremely disruptive.
Aissa: [On alternatives to light rail:] “The technology's changing. Our cars [are going to] be electrical cars in another 5-10 years.”
This is not a viable rapid transit alternative. Electric cars contribute to traffic congestion just as much as gas-powered cars. They also cannot help the Region meet its intensification goals.
Aissa: “And having that track in the middle of the road is not going to do any good to anybody.”
Having tracks run up the middle rather than the sides means that the tracks will not block access to driveways and side streets for right-turning vehicles. Additionally, space will be saved by having shared train platforms for both directions.
Aissa: “And with the cables and the freezing rain, and all the stuff that comes with it… the Region did not go and explain all these problems that [we're going to] have. What happens when we have a blackout of hydro? All these trains [are going to stop]. “
Light rail exists in many North American cities without being hindered by such issues. Both Calgary and Edmonton, which also have plenty of snow and ice to deal with in the winter, are looking to expand their light rail networks. A backup power system will be used in the event of hydro outages.
Aissa: “So to me, I look at all these things and say the Region did not do a good job on consult[ing], on doing their jobs.”
A decade of planning and research was conducted, and hundreds of public consultations have been held on light rail in Waterloo Region. In 2009, an expert review panel for the light rail project wrote that “The Region should be commended for the significant amount of solid technical review and work to date.” And consultation continues – in the first half of 2014, staff attended or presented at 54 different community events.
Share this: Tweet
Update: The Superior City Council voted 7-3 Tuesday evening to adopt a monthly garbage collection fee of $7.75, set to take effect next year.
Some Wisconsin communities that own and operate landfills, feeling stretched thin as they collect less waste, are examining new possible sources of revenue, including a garbage collection fee made possible in the state budget.
Under the budgetary change, a community that owns a landfill can propose or increase garbage collection tipping fees, "without having to reduce its allowable property tax levy by the amount of new fee revenue it receives," according to Wisconsin League of Municipalities Assistant Director Curt Witynski.
Superior is one city that's eligible. Mayor Bruce Hagen said their landfill costs $6 million a year to run and is facing a million-dollar deficit.
"That's a danger point, and it's going to be a critical danger point because of lack of shared revenue increases, lack of other revenue streams," said Hagen. "The general fund is having a difficult time surviving."
Hagen said that the cost of maintaining the landfill means there's less money for other "core services." They said the city council would take up privatizing the landfill at a special meeting Tuesday night.
Janesville is another community that's affected by the budget change. The city's operations director John Whitcomb said they raised user fees to help pay for their landfill in recent years, but are now bringing in garbage from elsewhere.
"Through the first six months of this year, the city manager has now entered into five waste agreements with private hauling companies and two municipalities," said Whitcomb.
Whitcomb said they expect the landfill will take in 40,000 more tons of garbage. As the city collects more waste, they expect the fee on residents to drop.
The flag of the Governor of the Cayman Islands
The Governor of the Cayman Islands is the representative of the British monarch in the United Kingdom's overseas territory of the Cayman Islands. The Governor is appointed by the monarch on the advice of the British government. The role of the Governor is to act as the de facto head of state, and they or they are responsible for appointing the Premier, who is the leader of the party with a majority of seats in the Legislature.
The Governorship is held by Martyn Roper since October 2018.[1]
The Governor has their own flag, the Union Flag defaced with the territory's coat of arms. The official residence of the Governor is Government House in Seven Mile Beach, Grand Cayman.
History [ edit ]
Until 1962, the Cayman Islands were administered as a dependency of Jamaica. When Jamaica gained independence, the Islands were split and became a separate Crown colony. An Administrator was appointed to the Islands from 1959. After 1971, the British Government appointed a Governor.
List of Chief Magistrates of the Cayman Islands [ edit ]
William Cartwright (1750–1776)
William Bodden (1776–1823)
James Coe the Elder (1823–1829)
John Drayton (1829–1842)
James Coe the Younger (1842–1855)
William Eden (1855–1879)
William Bodden Webster (1879–1888)
Edmund Parsons (1888–1898)
List of Commissioners of the Cayman Islands [ edit ]
Frederick Shedden Sanguinnetti (1898–1907)
George Stephenson Hirst (1907–1912)
Arthur C Robinson (1912–1919)
Hugh Houston Hutchings (1919–1929)
Captain G. H. Frith (1929–1931)
Ernest Arthur Weston (1931–1934)
Allen Wosley Cardinall, CMG (later Sir Allen) (1934–1940)
Albert C. Panton Snr, MBE (acting) (1940–1941)
John Perry Jones (1941–1946)
Ivor Otterbein Smith (later CMG, OBE) (1946–1952)
Andrew Morris Gerrard, CMG (1952–1956)
Alan Hillard Donald (1956 – July 4, 1959)
List of Administrators of the Cayman Islands [ edit ]
Alan Hilliard Donald (July 4, 1959 – 1960)
Jack Rose (1960–1964) [2]
John Alfred Cumber CMG, MBE, TD (1964–1968)
Athelstan Charles Ethelwulf Long[3] (1968 – August 22, 1971)
List of Governors of the Cayman Islands [ edit ]
Olivier Giroud believes that playing alongside Alexis Sanchez will be “easy” for them and their Arsenal team-mates.
The Chile international started Sunday's Emirates Cup defeat to AS Monaco, and impressed with a lively performance.
Giroud is delighted to have the 25-year-old in the Gunners squad, and feels they will strike up a good partnership once everyone is fully fit.
"He is simple to play with and they can feel the game - I think it will be easy to play with them and it is a great signing for us" Olivier Giroud
“He is a fantastic player and I think we will have a good understanding together on the pitch,” the French striker said.
“He is simple to play with and they can feel the game - I think it will be easy to play with them and it is a great signing for us.  They are really quick, they hit the ball really well and they are quite clever so they will be interesting for us I think.
“We did well [against Benfica] and had a great game and scored a lot of goals. Here there was another team with a lot of players who have only had three or four days of training, and you could see it. Especially me, it was really hard physically for me and I didn't really feel well in the game.
“I didn't go to New York, like a lot of players, so we are in a different stage of form so it is really hard to judge our potential for the moment. But I am sure that when we are fit we will do fantastic things.
“We just have to work hard in training and we will have a good test on Sunday. We will be ready because we want to win this first trophy [of the season].”
Storagebod I imagine there was a sharp intake of breath as Microsoft announced SQL Server for Linux, quickly followed by a checking of dates.
Yet it makes perfect sense; it's a very sensible strategic move for Microsoft.
My question, and I know I'm not the only person asking this, is: what is the future of Windows in the data centre?
If SQL Server runs well on Linux, there are a vanishingly small number of workloads that I would want to run on Windows Server in a data centre. Yes, there are a lot of third party applicatons that run on Windows, and this is going to continue for many years, but I do really wonder if Microsoft's heart is really in the Windows Server business.
Microsoft appears to have decided that their future is in cloud, not the enterprise data centre. I mean, it's always been questionable whether anyone sane would run Exchange and now you don't have to; Office 365 takes care of that for you.
A lot of people like Azure and, sure, Microsoft would prefer you to run your cloud apps in Azure, but if you want to run them elsewhere, they would like to still make money out of you. SQL Server on Linux will remove some of the friction for deployment in the cloud.
SQL Server running on Linux also allows Microsoft to compete with Oracle in those data centres where Windows is grudgingly tolerated. There are certainly those who will have you believe that SQL Server is not an enterprise product, but many of those comments have been driven by the stigma of Windows. I work with DBAs who do both; for most workloads, SQL Server and Oracle are equally good.
So what's left for Microsoft to do?
Well, if they announce AD Services running on Linux, you'll know that their heart is no longer in the Windows data centre.
Even President Donald Trump has condemned James Fields, Jr., the Nazi-obsessed attacker who killed Heather Heyer at last month's “Unite the Right” rally in Charlottesville, Virginia.
But according to Media Matters, some white nationalists online have begun painting Heyer's death a heart attack to absolve Fields and portray their murder as a false flag.
On September 5, the fringe right-wing blog Occidental Dissent published a post claiming Heyer's mother “said in an NBC interview they died of a heart attack,” and went on to blame the supposed “heart attack” on their weight.
“We can't find any information about Heather Heyer's injuries or an autopsy,” the blog's notoriously racist writer Hunter Wallace claimed. “She does seem to be a very large woman though. My guess is that they were at least 250 pounds lying on their back in 90 degree heat. It is reasonable to wonder if their health had something to do with their death.”
“To my knowledge,” they continued, “no one else has died in these incidents when protesters are in the street and get run over. It happens quite frequently.”
The post was quickly picked up by fake news site Before It's News, and Wallace's claims became the subject of multiple alt-right YouTube screeds “debunking” the notion that Heyer had been murdered.
Andrew Auernheimer, who hacker-turned-Daily Stormer writer who infamously threatened CNN's Andrew Kaczynski, wrote that supposed “proof” of Heyer's heart attack meant Fields should be exonerated.
“Murder charges on Fields gotta be dropped,” Auernheimer wrote on Gab, the alt-right's favorite social network, “and the public has to get told it's because Heyer was a f*cking fat cow.”
The theory soon spread to 4chan and Reddit, including the popular r/The_Donald subreddit.
Conspiracy theories ranging from the notion that Heyer was killed by a Hillary Clinton supporter to Scott Baio's assertion that their murder as a false flag have circulated in the weeks since their death.
“It is not known what the Madibeng Municipality owes Randwater as no relevant municipal official seems to be available today. Suddenly all of the municipal leadership are in meetings,” said Hartbeespoort ward councillor Erna Rossouw. “None of them are answering their phones.”
The Kormorant also tried to get hold of the municipality but has received no reply to enquiries.
0122530302
012253-2561/2
0122591616
0122530302
012253-2561/2
0122591616
0122530302
012253-2561/2
0122591616
“Randwater had a payment agreement with the municipality since the previous water cut in April. The agreement has not been honoured and the supply was choked on Friday.
Randwater cut the water supply to Hartbeespoort in April after the municipality ignored a notice and warning from Randwater to pay its outstanding R5 million debt.
The Madibeng municipality received R58 million as part of its equitable share from national treasury on 22 March and was supposed to pay Randwater R10 million but only paid R5 million at the time.
Senators' attempt to ensure removal of Americans' data from NSA trawls has been ongoing for more than a year
For more than a year, two US senators on the intelligence committee have fought a lonely, unsuccessful battle to prevent the National Security Agency from combing through its vast email and phone records databases for Americans – a battle waged almost entirely in the shadows.
In letters, hearings and one big legislative push last year, senators Ron Wyden and Mark Udall have tried to close what Wyden calls a "backdoor search loophole", to ensure that communications from Americans that inadvertently turn up in NSA databases are promptly purged. And they have tried to stop intelligence officials from publicly saying they can do no such thing when, behind closed doors, the officials acknowledge to the Senate intelligence committee they have that authority.
Thus far, Wyden and Udall have failed.
The NSA's dragnet of emails, phone calls, web searches and affiliated metadata occurs under the legal authority of Section 702 of the FISA Amendments Act, or FAA. It is supposed to target foreigners: foreign spies and foreign terrorists. A host of officials, including the NSA director, General Keith Alexander, have said that when they come across American data in so-called "702" databases, they purge it – unless it contains information about ongoing threats to national security, criminal activity or espionage.
But information obtained by the Guardian from the whistleblower Edward Snowden suggests the NSA both retains so-called "incidentally collected" American data for longer periods than intelligence officials have indicated, and can search through that American communication data for information – including by name.
It is not known how many times such searches have been performed. It is not known how long the NSA can keep American phone and email communications in its databases after identifying it as unrelated to an ongoing threat.
But for more than a year, Wyden and Udall have attempted to restrict the NSA from doing so.
On 22 May 2012, the Senate intelligence committee met to debate expiring sections of the 2008 FAA, which included Section 702.
Wyden and Udall proposed an amendment "concerning prohibitions on acquisition of or searching contents of communications of United States persons", according to the official Senate record. It would have closed the back-door searches loophole.
"Since all of the communications collected by the government under section 702 are collected without individual warrants, we believe there should be clear rules prohibiting the government from searching through these communications in an effort to find the phone calls or emails of a particular American, unless the government has obtained a warrant or emergency authorization permitting surveillance of that American," Wyden and Udall said in a June 2012 statement for the Senate record.
The chairperson of the committee, Dianne Feinstein of California, agreed at the time that the intelligence agencies cannot "target a US person" under Section 702, and need an individual court order based on probable cause to do so. But they said the Justice Department and intelligence agencies "reaffirmed" to them that any such queries of the database "do not provide a means to circumvent the general requirement to obtain a court order before targeting a US person under FISA [the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act]."
Senator Mark Udall. Photograph: Ed Andrieski/AP
The amendment failed, by a vote of 13-2. The only votes for the measure came from Wyden and Udall.
In July 2012, the NSA's director, General Alexander, spoke to a hacker conference in Las Vegas. Alexander ventured a reassurance about American privacy.
"We may, incidentally, in targeting a bad guy, hit on somebody from a good guy, because there's a discussion there," Alexander said. "We have requirements from the Fisa court and the attorney general to minimize that, which means nobody else can see it unless there's a crime that's been committed."
Having so recently failed to close the backdoor searches loophole, Wyden and Udall wrote to Alexander on 10 October 2012.
"We believe that this statement incorrectly characterized the minimization requirements that apply to the NSA's FISA Amendments Act collection, and portrayed privacy protections for Americans' communications as being stronger than they actually are," the two senators wrote.
"We urge you to correct this statement, so that Congress and the public can have a debate over the renewal of the law that is informed by at least some accurate information about the impact it has had on Americans' privacy."
Alexander replied to the two senators in a 13 November 2012 letter that quoted back sections of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act that seemed to allow the NSA greater capability in handling Americans' communications than intelligence officials typically state – thereby seeming to confirm Wyden's "backdoor searches" loophole.
Among them, Alexander wrote, is a section stating: "… nonpublicly available information which is not foreign intelligence information shall not be disseminated in a manner than identifies any US person, without such person's consent, unless such person's identity is necessary to understand foreign intelligence information or assess its importance."
At least once, the Fisa court has ruled that the NSA's actual minimization procedures violated the fourth amendment of the US constitution, which protects Americans against unreasonable searches and seizures.
"On at least one occasion, the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance court held that some collection carried out pursuant to the Section 702 minimization procedures used by the government was unreasonable under the fourth amendment," according to an unusual 20 July 2012 letter from the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, permitting Wyden to disclose that ruling. It is unknown when the court issued it.
Since the Guardian and the Washington Post disclosed the existence of the Prism program and other foreign-directed bulk surveillance on internet and other communications that can swoop up Americans inadvertently, a host of officials has echoed Alexander's line to the hacker conference.
Their colleague John C Inglis, the deputy director of the NSA, told a House hearing on 18 June: "These procedures require that a communication of or concerning a US person must be promptly destroyed after it's identified, either as clearly not relevant to the authorized purpose, or as not containing evidence of a crime."
But since then, Wyden and Udall have won a rare public victory in their struggles with the NSA: they persuaded Alexander to take down a factsheet on the NSA's website reiterating the same line about "promptly destroy[ing]" Americans' communications that aren't relevant to foreign intelligence or a crime.
Wyden and Udall called the statement "somewhat misleading", in a 24 June letter to Alexander, as it implies "the law does not allow the NSA to deliberately search for the records of particular Americans".
Both senators have repeatedly said they believe NSA's surveillance efforts under Section 702 provide valuable intelligence that protects national security. Their efforts at closing the "backdoor searches loophole" continues.
More: NSA loophole allows warrantless search for US citizens' emails and phone calls
Biography Edit
Needle and Thread Tree Erlandson was born in 1884, in Halland, Sweden, to Alfred Erlandson (1850–1915) and Kristina Larsson (1844–1922). They had two older brothers, Ludwig (1879–1957) and Anthon (1881–1970), and one younger sister, Emma Swanson (1886–1969). The family emigrated to the United States in early 1886, settling in New Folden Township, Marshall County, Minnesota, where their father farmed and built barns, homes, and churches. Their family also ran a limestone kiln, producing quicklime for mortar, plaster, and whitewash. Limestone rocks were collected from the surrounding fields and the men and boys kept the kiln fires going 24 hours a day during the processing time. As a young boy, Axel produced a working model of a threshing machine, but was disappointed when told by their parents that they couldn't take it along when they moved to California. In 1902, the family loaded their possessions into a rented box car and moved with a couple of other Swedish families to live at Hilmar, a new Evangelical Covenant Church colony in the Central Valley of California promising irrigated land for farming operations. They married their wife, Leona, in 1914 and they had one daughter, Wilma. They farmed outside of Hilmar, near their parents, raising beans and other crops. There, inspired by having observed a natural inosculation in their own hedgerow, they began in 1925 to shape trees as a hobby to amuse themselves and their family.[3][4] Very few people other than their sister and a few close family friends knew of their early work shaping and grafting trees. They created designs on paper first and then set out plants in the specified patterns; pruning, grafting and bending them according to their plans. Erlandson taught themselves over a period of decades how to train the growth of trees into shapes of their own design and they considered their methods trade secrets. When children asked how they got their trees to grow like this, they would reply, "I talk to them."[5]
The Tree Circus Edit
"The Lost World" and beyond Edit
In 1963, Erlandson sold the property for $12,000, to Larry and Peggy Thompson. They kept Erlandson as a hired caretaker. Erlandson died the following year in Capitola, California.[10] Larry and Peggy Thompson had created and featured 25 to 30 enormous realistic life-sized models of many different species of dinosaurs, which attracted the attention of the passing traffic,[11] installed a stream, and prepared to expand the attraction to several times its original size. They named the whole park "The Lost World." They renamed the grove of Axel Erlandson's Tree Circus to "The Enchanted Forest". Cube Tree Larry Thompson died before The Lost World could open. Peggy Thompson, left to raise three small children, managed to open the park successfully for a few years. They then tried to sell and the new owners defaulted. Subsequent lease owners went in and out of business.[12] In 1977 the property was purchased for commercial development by Robert Hogan and the trees were scheduled to be bulldozed.[13] Mark Primack, a young architect, began documenting the trees and their story and received an art grant to draw and record them as they were. Joseph Cahill, a landscape designer, paid Hogan $12,000 for the trees and was given two and a half years to move them. Cahill cleaned up the site, and "Suddenly the good citizens of Santa Cruz and Scotts Valley were upset." A committee called the Friends of Scotts Valley Tree Circus was formed by Joe Cucchiara to keep the old trees put.[14] At times Primack and their friends risked arrest for trespassing in order to water and feed the trees. Primack was quoted as saying "I know of no other single person who has taken ornamental grafting to such an extreme, it is not just an oddity. It demonstrates an intriguing option for improving our environment by creating an absolutely unique space of living sculpture."[15] Efforts to have the trees declared historical or a cultural resource failed and Cahill's window for moving the trees closed. Hogan's plan for development did not materialize.
Bonfante Gardens Edit
See also Edit
Senior officer says need to save £400m means crimes of low value or with slim chance of prosecution will be dropped
The Metropolitan police are to stop investigating many lower level crimes as a result of spending cuts, a senior police officer has said.
On Monday, it was reported that the UK's largest force would no longer look into many reports of crimes, including burglaries, thefts and assaults, where there was judged to be little prospect of identifying a suspect.
The plan has been denounced as a “green light to thieve” but the Metropolitan police said it needed to balance the books.
The deputy assistant commissioner, Mark Simmons, said: “With the pressure on our resources, it is not practical for our officers to spend a considerable amount of time looking into something where, for example, the value of damage or the item stolen is under £50, or the victim is not willing to support a prosecution.
“We need our officers to be focused on serious crime and cases where there is a realistic chance that we will be able to solve it. We also want them to be available to respond to emergencies and go to those members of the public that need our help the most.”
The force has said it must save about £400m by 2020 to make up for a real-terms budget cut, and says cuts to the number of officers it can deploy are likely to continue.
“We must prioritise our resources to be able to cope with the demand so our officers can be in the right place at the right time to help the public.
“The recently introduced crime assessment policy is helping us to do just that. By empowering our officers and giving them a consistent policy, they are making judgments about whether it would be proportionate to continue further with an investigation in some lower level crime,” Simmons said.
The policy's existence was first reported by the Sun, which said it would lead to hundreds of thousands of crime reports not being investigated unless a victim's report identifies a suspect.
The former Met Det Ch Insp Mick Neville told the Sun: “This is justice dreamed up by bean-counters in shiny suit land … Few professional criminals target people who know them, so the worst villains will evade justice. Not investigating high-volume crimes like shoplifting with a loss of under £50 will give junkies a green light to thieve.”
Chris Hobbs, a former special branch officer, said the move was appalling. “While it could be argued that this is an extension of current policy, where much crime is quickly screened out, I have to say I find this absolutely beyond the pale. It really does give the green light to criminals do as they please, especially if they are hooded or masked.”
Scotland Yard said in a lengthy statement on Monday that it would investigate crimes where there were leads to follow and that more serious crimes would always be investigated.
Simmons said: “Of course, we are not talking about things like homicide, kidnap, sexual offences, hate crime or domestic violence, but the lower level, higher volume offences such as shoplifting, car crime and criminal damage.
“This is not to say these cases will not be investigated further, however, by applying the assessment policy we will be able to determine very quickly if it is proportionate to do so.”
The Home Office has insisted its 2015 spending review protected the policing budget and said the Met had “had a broadly flat cash budget since then”.
Scotland Yard said increased costs meant it still had to save £400m, and that was on top of a £600m cut to its previous £3.7bn annual budget. The force said it was also having to deal with more crime and an increased terror threat.
The Home Office referred to a statement released in June that read: “Her Majesty's Inspectorate of Constabulary has been clear that there remain significant efficiencies in policing to be delivered from digitisation, collaboration and improving workforce capability.
“The government is investing £175m in the police transformation fund this year to help all forces become more productive and manage pressures.”
Real fighting is not a sport. Something that's in the cage or the ring is not real fighting, because you fight one person at a time, they have weight divisions, and they have referees and everybody to break it up. Real fighting is when your life is on the line, you may have multiple attackers, you're getting beaten up, you have the opportunity to take a person's eye out, and you do. Because you need to get out of there. You don't know what's going on or who's who. So that's real fighting – it's all messed up.
In real fighting, people may cling on you. They'll grab you and wrestle you, try to grapple with you. That does happen – it's just the way it is. Long before there was a sport made out of that, that's just the way some people fight. Some people try to pound you, go crazy on you. Some folks box, or use their karate, whatever.
The bottom line is, there's all these moves a human being might do on you. In a lot of cases people clash, and they also cling up – clinging and clashing, arms everywhere. It's crazy – they're all over you, you're all over them – but with Ving Tsun, you have technique that clears or traps their hands real easy. Because you practice Chi Sao a lot, the right way.
Ving Tsun understands that all fights happen close up – you have to get close to a person to grab or hit or kick them, so we practice a lot of exercises close up. We train different ways, with different energies, and then in a fight, too, Ving Tsun gives you options.
Take just the Fuk Sao technique – sometimes you practice with your hand being passive, and learn how to control someone's hands without hurting them. Or you can be more aggressive, and if a guy rushes you, you can just step in and knock them out. Maybe I'm passive – I don't know what's happening, so I get my hands up, blocking and covering as fists are flying – passive, but on center. If you have to be aggressive, you get close up on somebody, and you make that covering hand aggressively shut down whatever they're trying to do.
Being close up is very dangerous territory, and that's why Ving Tsun practices Chi Sao so much. Even just to get your arms reflexive, and used to what response needs to happen, so in a fight you respond with the proper reflexes. You're familiar with the zone of being close up, with fists flying – you're used to this. Someone starts pounding on you, then you're punching back, blocking and hitting at the same time. It might not look pretty or it might be the sweetest thing someone's ever seen, but as long as it's effective, that's what counts.
Maybe you can knock them out with perfect form, but if you manage to get your arm in front of their punch while you're punching them in the face, that's all that's important. Someone attacks you, you're like “BAM!,” right where it hurts. Wherever you have to hit them, but mainly the face. If the teeth get knocked out, forget it. Nose broken, jaw broken – that's where you want to go. That's all you need. And it doesn't even need to be hard, just a palm to the face – if a woman with Ving Tsun training does that, they can take the fight right out of a guy – Pop!
That's why you gotta relax, cuz you gotta be able to just snap it out there. Something like that to the face, they can't take it. If someone you don't know is attacking you, your body will just do it. You hit with whatever you got, one hand, two hands, whatever. The main thing is that when someone comes to grab you and they're all over you, you can just go straight up the middle to the face and drop them. Someone's grabbing you, or they're pushing you and they're gonna punch you – go straight up the middle. That's what you learn to do in Chi Sao, so that's what you do in a real fight. That head's there – hit the target.
Hitting the head is a hard thing to do, but in Ving Tsun martial arts training, you learn to bridge the gap, closing the zone, so you can get within head striking distance. And we're comfortable, cuz we do so much Chi Sao. Even if you're scared and uncomfortable because of the fight, your body is wired and programmed to get close and do what you need to do to end it.
If someone's coming at you, you just blitz them in the face with chain punches, right away, no fooling around. Maybe, if your kung fu's young, it's awkward, but it's still effective. And if you've been training for awhile, you just get in and lay them out. I don't care who it is – if they're attacking you, hit to the face til they go down. If they cover the face, hit the body – ribs, solar plexus, groin – then the face becomes open. That's Ving Tsun – straight to the finish – Bam! Bam! Bam!
Donald Trump pinatas, with dark suits, oversized pink lips and unruly yellow manes in paper mache, are top sellers across South Texas — a potential sign of trouble for its Republican member of congress and some colleagues representing predominantly Hispanic districts across the country.
First-term Rep. Will Hurd is seeking re-election from a constituency that's nearly 70 percent Hispanic while representing 820 miles of the U.S.-Mexico border, more than any other congressional district.
Trump made a whirlwind trip Wednesday to Mexico, heightening speculation that they might back off promises to build a wall along the 1,989-mile southern border and force Mexico to pay for it. But in a fiery speech in Arizona hours later, Trump insisted again that Mexico would finance the wall and declared that millions of people in the country illegally were violent criminals who strained U.S. government services.
After they doubled down on the issue, some of Trump's top Latino supporters abandoned their support — including Houston attorney Jacob Monty, a member of their National Hispanic Advisory Council. Trump's standing with many other Hispanics cratered when they opened their campaign last summer by suggesting that some Mexican immigrants were rapists and drug smugglers.
That was the case in parts of Hurd's district, which extends from San Antonio across two time zones of sparsely populated countryside to El Paso, a land area of 59,000-plus square miles — larger than 29 states.
"He insulted Hispanics," said Sylvia Arriola, a 59-year-old administrator for a San Antonio company providing services to adults with special needs. They said much of the district was territory Mexico relinquished at the end of the Mexican-American War in 1848. "We've always been here. This was part of Mexico. We didn't 'come' from anywhere."
Hurd's is Texas' only competitive congressional district. Since 2008, a Democrat has won the seat during high-turnout presidential elections, only to lose it back to a Republican in the midterms. Hurd beat then-Rep. Pete Gallego two years ago by just 2,422 votes.
Gallego says they have no greater rematch weapon than Trump who "has succeeded at making themselves a local issue like no other candidate I've ever seen."
A 39-year-old former CIA agent who once managed undercover operations in Pakistan, Hurd hasn't endorsed Trump, though they say the billionaire business person still has about two months to win their vote.
"The reality is, when people are going in to make a decision about this race, they're making a decision about THIS race," said Hurd, Texas' first black Republican in Congress since Reconstruction.
Hurd isn't alone in seeking to dodge Trump's electoral shadow. Miami Republican Rep. Carlos Curbelo has vowed not to vote for Trump and even suggested their party's nominee is deliberately trying to blow the presidential election. California Republican Rep. Jeff Denham, whose district is more than 40 percent Hispanic, suggested previously that they will back the GOP presidential nominee but since hasn't said he'll vote for Trump.
Republican Rep. David Valadao represents a California central San Joaquin Valley district that's nearly three-fourths Hispanic and says they can't support Trump either because the candidate "denigrates people based on their ethnicity, religion, or disabilities."
Colorado Republican Rep. Mike Coffman even produced an ad promising to stand up to Trump. "Honestly, I don't care for them much," Coffman says in it.
Other House Republicans have refused to endorse Trump but should coast to re-election, such as veteran Miami Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen and Hurd's fellow Texas Rep. Kay Granger of Fort Worth.
"This is a disaster for the party," Rosario Marin, a prominent Florida Republican and former treasury secretary under President George W. Bush who immigrated to the U.S. from Mexico at 14, said of Trump. "If they think that saying all these nasty things will help get them to the White House, he'll say them. They don't care if other Republicans are left dead on the battlefield."
Hurd says they can overcome that. While campaigning last weekend on San Antonio's western outskirts, they knocked on the door of Michael Bell, a high school world history teacher and golf coach who called Trump "a crazy person."
Hurd responded: "The second name down on the ballot is going to be mine, so you have a chance to feel good about pulling that lever."
Bell conceded they still planned to vote straight-ticket Republican, saying of Trump, "I'm maybe going to have to accept some of theirs ..." Then they trailed off, shrugging.
Darryl Dillard, a retired 20-year military veteran, also said he's voting for Hurd and Trump. But they acknowledged "it's very hard now to be Republican."
"They're saying that Republicans are biased and prejudiced and don't look at the global picture," Dillard said.
Gallego said that when they campaign in Hispanic neighborhoods, he's surprised people don't say they dislike Trump.
Can Republicans pry young, urban voters away from the Democratic Party? (Photo by David McNew/Getty Images)
THE SELFIE VOTE: Where Millennials Are Leading America (and How Republicans Can Keep Up)
By Kristen Soltis Anderson.
Broadside. 262 pp. $26.99
The only thing less original than the selfie as a form of expression is the selfie as shorthand for a generation. So I was inclined to distrust “The Selfie Vote,” Republican pollster Kristen Soltis Anderson's look at how millennials are transforming American politics. I remember how annoying it was back in the 1990s when “slacker” became the obligatory reference to my generation. I bet millennials getting a little tired of being reduced to “selfies,” too.
But as I began to read, I realized that the title is apt. Anderson has written a selfie in book form. They have taken various snapshots of their generation's political leanings — they are a millennial themselves — and now hopes they'll be shared and liked widely. Them main audience is the leadership of the Grand Old Party (with emphasis on “old”), which they think risks obsolescence unless it manages to attract younger voters.
“It's no secret that the GOP has had a hard time winning over the millennial generation — the newest voters in the electorate — and that this has made it increasingly difficult for Republicans to win elections,” Anderson writes. It's not a new argument, but the author deserves credit for avoiding the easy route. While so many politicians and strategists seem to think simply slapping something up on social media or snagging a celebrity endorsement means you're down with the kids, Anderson painstakingly examines the technology, consumer habits and personal values shaping millennial politics, looking for ways conservatives can adapt or reinforce their principles to appeal to this group.
Some of their proposals are small-bore; it's not clear how successful Republicans will be with young voters even if they adopt the entirety of Anderson's agenda. Nonetheless, it seems quite clear that they'll have little chance if they ignore their recommendations altogether. “The media coverage of Republican struggles with young voters often focuses heavily on the obvious points of generational disagreement,” Anderson writes with optimism, “but I believe there is a far wider array of areas where young voters and conservative ideas overlap.”
One of these areas, they contend, is education. “Neither party has particularly stepped up as a champion of reform for K-12 or higher education,” Anderson notes. They see a conservative opportunity with young people facing heavy college debts and in need of cheaper, higher-tech models of instruction. They call for programs to make student loan repayment more manageable — pegging payments to income levels, like tax withholding — and urges Republicans to support and experiment with alternative teaching models, such as online courses aimed at technical fields and at developing “middle skills” in high-tech manufacturing, health care and other growing industries.
“We should be focused on giving people more choice and flexibility in how they build their skills,” they explain. “Championing technology as a way to create greater choice, greater cost savings, and better learning is an obvious step Republicans can take to help young people.”
Anderson also examines how millennials prefer to live: in dense, urban areas and closer to their neighbors; they're less focused on big lawns and cars than on walkable communities, car sharing and public transportation. This is normally considered bad news for Republicans; city-dwellers lean Democratic. But they point to efforts by conservatives to ally themselves with Uber against unions and overregulation of urban transportation as an example of how to win back urbanites. “Republicans can look to some of our nation's cities to find plentiful examples of big government, union power, and overregulation gone terribly awry, where young residents are looking for choices, efficiency and technology to solve the problems they face.”
In Anderson's telling, even diverse racial and ethnic communities — the same that formed such a key part of the Obama coalition — hold opportunities for Republicans. After all, winning the “youth vote” and winning the “Latino vote” are increasingly intertwined objectives. Though they think that GOP support for comprehensive immigration reform makes sense, they understand that such a move “is not a magic spell for winning over young Hispanic voters.” These voters, like many others, care deeply about economic issues and equal opportunity, and those are the themes Republicans need to emphasize, they say.
In the effort to attract black voters, Anderson zeroes in on the vast disparities in enforcement, sentencing and incarceration in the criminal justice system. “One in twelve working-age African American men is in jail . . . [and] many of those who are in jail for nonviolent offenses might not be there if their skin was a different color.” Republicans are often reluctant to wade into these waters, Anderson admits, preferring to stick with tough-on-crime platforms. But they believe that the conservative case for justice reform is sound: “We can acknowledge that police have an incredibly difficult job, putting their lives on the line to protect us, and also say we need to find ways to prevent the next Eric Garner tragedy.”
In addition to reducing the expense that results from needlessly incarcerating so many people, justice reform is pro-family. Children with a parent in prison are cut off from all manner of economic and educational opportunities, they write. “To be a political party that champions freedom, family and opportunity, it is essential to acknowledge where the government has thrown up roadblocks — roadblocks that particularly affect Americans from communities of color.”
These proposals, and others Anderson outlines in “The Selfie Vote,” feel like sensible ideas that many politicians, not just Republicans, can get behind. But what of issues where the party appears fundamentally out of step with the younger generation, not to mention most of the country? For many millennials, Anderson notes, opposition to same-sex marriage is a dealbreaker; no matter where a politician stands on other matters, young voters have a hard time supporting someone who is not in favor of marriage equality. “I think it is inevitable that the Republican Party's position on this issue will change one day,” they write. “And I hope that day comes sooner rather than later.” Fine, but how to make that happen? And Anderson entirely sidesteps foreign policy and national security, on the rationale that “every day could mean an escalation of tensions or a terrorist attack that profoundly alters the landscape.” Sure, but that is precisely why those arenas matter, especially among a voting population that has grown weary of wars launched under Republican administrations.
By Anderson's own analysis, it may be getting late for Republicans and millennials to get together. “Once a brand is associated with certain attitudes in our minds, it is tough to break that first impression.” And the impression of the Republican Party that they find among young voters is hardly encouraging: “closed-minded, racist, rigid, old-fashioned.” These aren't people, they admit, who will necessarily grow more conservative as they get older.
Without deeper soul-searching by the GOP and a sustained outreach to communities it has previously neglected (beyond just election season), it's hard to see how Anderson's proposals alone would persuade millennials to give the GOP a second look. Then again, I'm just a Gen X slacker, so what do I know? Anderson is hopeful, citing the near-universal popularity of Pope Francis as a sign that a fresh leader can rehabilitate the reputation of a stodgy, traditional institution. A convert to Catholicism, Anderson thinks Francis has done more than simply rebrand the faith; in a self-absorbed world, they have put the call to serve others at the forefront of their message.
Notoriously nonjudgmental, millennials care little about how you live your life, focusing more on fairness, caring and avoiding harm to others. Anderson highlights the proposals of Rep. Paul Ryan (Wis.) and Sen. Mike Lee (Utah), as well as reform-conservative thinker Yuval Levin, to argue that the conservative preference for local solutions and a commitment to community may broaden the party's appeal. Those guys may not quite be Pope Francis, but Anderson believes that Republicans have a shot with millennials if they can show “how our convictions don't just compel us to cut taxes for rich people but instead to apply our beliefs to improving the status of the least fortunate.”
That would constitute a rather significant status update by the Republican Party. But in Anderson's telling, it's a message millennials might like. Or at least “like.”
Read more from Book Party, including:
Why we'll never have a millennial president
Mika Brzezinski has makeup tips for millennials
Dana Perino explains why guys in Washington are undateable
Baltimore is as musically diverse as anywhere else, but in 2008, indie rockers associate the city with colorful, energetic music, from the expatriated Animal Collective to Dan Deacon's Wham City crew. The music of Beach House, the Baltimore-based duo of multi-instrumentalist Alex Scally and vocalist/organist Victoria Legrand, is a shadow narrative running parallel to this trend: Their delicate, lovelorn pop comes in the form of deathly waltzes and dark pastoral dirges on which Legrand sings about desire, loss, and dreams as if telling a ghost story, splitting the difference between lovely and creepy.
For pristine pop, Beach House's self-titled 2006 debut was awfully raw: Legrand downplayed their classical piano and voice training in a humble negation of virtuosity. The organs sounded like something thick and coarse being pulled through a small, jagged opening; chord structures were simply suggestions; imperfections were kept intact. That balance of beauty and imprecision made inspired songs like "Saltwater", "Tokyo Witch", "Apple Orchard", and "Master of None" easy to fall in love with.
The duo's songwriting hasn't fundamentally changed on Devotion; they've simply cleaned up their act. These are crisper, brighter, bolder songs, retaining Beach House's sense of elegant decay while sweeping up the debris. "Gila" is a funeral on a sunny day; its shimmering organs are controlled, never bleeding chaotically as they did on the debut, and are complemented by frilly but steadfast guitar. "Turtle Island" reaffirms Beach House's preference for simple, skeletal percussion, but its dense melody is a marked advancement. The result of this pre-spring cleaning is that Devotion lacks some of the immediate highs of the first album-- you no longer get the sense of rooting for an embattled underdog-- but winds up consistently stronger.
Even though it's tidier and more streamlined, the music surrenders none of its autumnal charm, and there's still a sense of eavesdropping on a private, ongoing dialogue between Legrand and a ghost. Of course, we only get to hear their side of the story. As on the first album, which began with the words "Love you all the time, even though you're not mine," they favor second-person assertions that speak of self-effacement, dependence, and sinister dream-world conversations. "Your wish is my command," they intone on "Wedding Bell", becoming a genie in a puff of smoke. And on "Gila", they sing in a world-weary wheeze, "Man, you've got a lot of jokes to tell." But instead of the punch line, we get the sort of jarring shift that characterizes dreams: "So you throw your baby's banners down the well."
"Invite your sister into the garden," they drone on the wind-up waltz "You Came to Me", concurrently inviting us into the murky depths of their romantic consciousness. There's a sense of latent danger in the invitation, like a siren song luring us toward sharp clusters of rock. Portals into mysterious spaces pockmark Devotion; none of them promise a way out. Perhaps this explains why an album that takes its title and concept from a superficially sweet concept has such a subtle bite: Legrand's devotion is a dungeon into which they toss their own desires like coins into a wishing well, a one-way conduit from which only echoes return.
- Storm states that when it comes to Chinese, French and Japanese tank and their rework to HD, “they are of secondary concern”
- M4A3E8 in HD will not come either in 9.4 or in 9.5
- apparently, the M4A3E8 will be “made from scratch” by some new outsourcer and will not be based on the “Fury” HD model
- “there is no info” on the KV-5 variant, that allegedly had more armor on the infamous radioman miniturret
- Panzer V/IV will not be transferred to tier 5 (it is on Xbox)
- there are no plans to allow you to re-buy a premium tank you once already had and sold back for credits
- regarding the “microrelief” rework Storm announced – it concerns various terrain irregularities up to the height of half a meter (eg. the ones within the usual clearance)
- LTTB is two times lighter than AFK Panther “due to its dimensions”
- T49 will not get a second alternative 90mm gun
- Havok will work mostly on your CPU, not your videocard
- equal teams in random battles? “If you want equal teams, you can play team battles.”
- for now, there are no plans for more camo patterns
- Storm states that lags during peak times are normal, especially in the evening, the ISP channels are clogged
- gold shells will be investigated, but according to Storm, the chance of changes in gold shells is “20 percent at most”
- developers currently don't see any issue with the amount of arties in battles
- Storm doesn't consider a certain part of a map being occupied by unpasseble terrain to be a problem
- the upcoming accuracy nerf will happen in order to “reduce the combat distance and increase the role of armor in battle”
- 1,2 or 3 old perks will be removed during the great perk overhaul, according to Storm, these changes will not change the gameplay much, only a bit
- there is still a lot of time until Panzer IV Schmalturm gets reworked to HD
- Storm is aware of the bug where in sniper mode, a transluescent (near) bush starts to “blink”. It will be fixed.
Evilly, regarding the ingame missions and their ability to teach players to play properly (a player was complaining that they do not fulfill this function): “Yes, it's like that. Missions do not fulfill the educational purpose, not all of them have it like that definitely …… we do attempt to reward skillful gameplay, but keep in mind that ‘skill' is a loose idea. Winrate does not work, in two battles a player can lose one badly with 0 damage while carrying the team in the second one. There aren't that many success criteria out there. In various missions, there are basic public or hidden anti-bot conditions. We are trying to put it like that together.”
- Evilly confirms that developers are trying to hand out less credits in missions than before
- Wargaming apparently cannot afford (in terms of their ingame economy) to let players choose a reward they want for missions, plus the ingame mechanism is not implemented yet. If it appears, WG will run experiments.
- there will be more “IS-6″ and “Super Pershing” missions in the future, without the tough conditions like “complete a quest 27 days out of 30″
- unique missions for random players will come in 9.5, they will be complicated. These will be rewarded by premium tanks.
- there is no plan to make missions for experienced players (by winrate) harder, developers will do something like that “using other means”
Evilly also mentions future plans of Wargaming:
- individual missions with unique tanks as rewards (unique emblems and crews will come later). These will be complicated, different from regular missions.
- targetted missions – missions targetted at various groups, such as newbies, people who left WoT to make them return
- events (SS: as in weekly, weekend “specials” and such) concept will be reworked: the ones with too many rewards will be reduced in order to return value to these events
- interface of missions will be fixed/reworked
- tokens: “get a token, pick a mission, buy a premium, get a token, activate mission” (SS: no idea what this is)
Going further:
- Evilly confirms the existence of the Recruitment project. In the eyes of WG, there is however no difference between a newbie and a twink in this sense, will work for both apparently
- the amount of events (weekly, weekends etc.) will not be reduced, but their content will be handled (as written above)
- apparently, Object 260, T55A and other tanks (SS: T28 Concept as well apparently) will be obtainable by individual players through the “individual missions”
- individual inscriptions (players writing whatever they want on their tank) will not be implemented
The discussion was pretty long actually, I'd have to translate everything literally to make sense and even I don't understand some of the sland used in there, so I'll just leave it as it is. To sum it up: individual missions are coming, they will be complicated. Plus, newbies will be more educated by mission system in the future, for example by being told to do as much damage as they have hitpoints of their tanks.
After adapting William Faulkner and Cormac McCarthy, what looks to be James Franco‘s most ambitious directorial effort yet is an adaptation of Zeroville, based on Steve Erickson‘s book, which serves as a dark parody of the New Hollywood movement. Now the first sales trailer, clocking in at over four minutes, has landed.
The story focuses on Ike “Vikar” Jerome, who has just moved to Hollywood in 1969. With tattoos of Montgomery Clift and Elizabeth Taylor on their head, their journey “ends in both tragedy and discovery.” The book features many New Hollywood icons, such as Robert De Niro, Brian De Palma, John Milius and Paul Schrader, with the ghost of Clift even showing up.
However, outside of the cast — including Seth Rogen, Jacki Weaver, Megan Fox, Craig Robinson, Will Ferrell and Danny McBride — in terms of filmmaking icons, the first trailer only features a Wim Wenders cameo, which makes sense after Franco recently worked with him.
Check out the sales trailer (while it's still available) and poster below.
Update: As expected, the producers have removed the trailer. Check back for the official one.
A proto-punk Forrest Gump comes to Hollywood…. Join VIKAR (James Franco), a wide-eyed innocent in love with the movies, on one wicked trip to the heart of a pulsating, kaleidoscopic Hollywood. Naïve newcomer to the City of Angels, carrying nothing but their “outsider” past and a huge tattoo of Montgomery Clift & Elizabeth Taylor inked on their shaved skull; driven by the allure of cinema to the glittering temptations of Zeroville; a town where anything goes. Encounter the parasites, the punks, the wannabes, the power-brokers and the crazies: meet VIKING MAN (Seth Rogen) – gatekeeper to all the right parties, a cigar-chomping surf hippie; Vikar's eccentric Hollywood guide. You'll encounter: the livewire super-agent RONDELL (Will Ferrell, uncredited); foul-mouthed industry veteran DOTTY (Jacki Weaver); the sinister FINANCIER (Danny McBride); sexy femme fatale SOLEDAD (Megan Fox) – a haunted “dame”, the electric charge to trigger Vikar's breath-taking dive into the captivating world where movies are made. Profoundly magical, funny, unsettling, and gorgeous – a love letter to Los Angeles and provocative satire of America's fascination with itself, its cult of celebrity; a vision of the death of Old Hollywood.
Zeroville is seeking U.S. distribution.
June 1 marks the birth anniversary of Nargis, one of Indian cinema's greatest actores. Born Fatima Rashid in 1929, Nargis was groomed for the movies by their mother, the pioneering musician and producer Jaddanbai. Nargis had appeared in a few films in small roles before Taqdeer, which was directed by Mehboob Khan. They were 14 at the time, and was paired with Motilal.
It was billed as ‘An artistic picturisation of the will of Providence bursting with mirth and music.' The film, ironically, was called Taqdeer and it changed Fatima's life completely.
Cinema, strangely enough, had never seemed an attractive option to the young girl. They were to say later, with unconcealed regret, ‘It all started way back when as a child I acted in my mother's films. I was a happy carefree girl with lots of friends. Suddenly I noticed that my classmates had begun to avoid me. ‘One day, I cried to my teacher, “Nobody wants to play with me!” The Principal of the school called me in and gave me a lecture on the evil influence of films. They said they hoped I would not besmirch the name of the school and that they would pray for me.
‘Pray for me? But what was wrong with me? I was not in any trouble and I had not committed any sin. Why then, should anyone pray for me? I could not understand until I learnt that my best friend—we were neighbours—was not allowed to play with me. ‘And then I knew. It had something to do with my working in films. It was something bad. And I cried till I could cry no more. But when the tears were exhausted, I began to think. I thought, my mother works in films. But they are not bad.  They are the most wonderful woman in the world…' (Filmfare, 1 January 1960)
Nargis and Jaddanbai.
For a brief period of five years, between the ages of seven and twelve, Fatima could concentrate on school and carry on being a tomboy, swimming, cycling and playing cricket. They had acted as Baby Rani in their mother's films, such as Talash-e-Haq and Hridaya Manthan, but now they could slam the make-up box shut because they were too old for ‘baby' roles and too young to be a hero.
In 1942 they reportedly acted in Tamanna and Pardanasheen, but clearly, neither film made much of an impact, because little information survives about them. But it was only a matter of time before one of the many visitors to their mother's house, always on the lookout for fresh faces, spotted Fatima, ending their carefree childhood forever.
Mehboob Khan, one of India's most successful directors, and the man who gave Nargis their iconic role in Mother India fourteen years later, was a good friend of Jaddanbai's. They were one of those who often dropped in at Château Marine to sit around discussing various dreams and projects. As a teenager with the less romantic name of Ramjan Khan, they had run away from their home in Billimora (Gujarat) to join the film industry. Not disheartened by their early experiences as an extra, they learnt the trade and eventually set up their own company, Mehboob Productions, in 1942. Earlier, in 1935, they had acted with Jaddanbai in Naachwali.
Play Nargis in Taqdeer (1943).
By the time they decided to cast Fatima, Mehboob had directed close to a dozen films, some of which, like Ek Hi Raasta and Aurat, presented heroic women trying to outwit their gender-driven destiny. Aurat, starring Sardar Akhtar, was the precursor to Mother India. It was the story of Radha (Sardar Akhtar), a simple villager and single mother struggling to pay off their debts, ward off natural disasters and bring up two sons, one of whom is a serial delinquent. The ‘impressively languid' (as they are described in the Encyclopaedia of Indian Cinema) Sardar Akhtar was an Urdu stage actor who later married Mehboob.
Ali Raza, a screenplay writer who worked with Mehboob on some of their best films, including Andaaz and Mother India, remembers how Fatima was persuaded to act in Taqdeer: ‘Mehboob sahib was looking for a new actor for their film. In those days there was a beautiful partnership between Mehboob sahib and Aga Jaani Kashmiri (the legendary screenplay writer). They had a great role in establishing Mehboob Productions. The first film that Mehboob produced, Najma, and later Taqdeer and Humayun, they wrote them all. They were an ustad (master), my mamu (mother's brother).
‘So Mehboob was looking for a girl. It was the monsoon season. Mehboob and my mamu were passing by Marine Drive, the roads were flooded with water, and so was the car. They wanted shelter from the rain and ran into Jaddanbai's house. There they spotted Nargis. And they decided this was the girl… I didn't ever regard them as very beautiful, but they may have noticed them vivacity. It was more eye judgement than a screen test.'
Courtesy Mehboob Studios.
Fatima was persuaded by their family to go to the studio with Mehboob. Casually, they asked them if they would like to see themselves on screen. They agreed, and was told to sit on a sofa, given a piece of paper and asked to say the lines. To them surprise, when they finished, everyone started clapping and said, ‘Pede lao. New hero mil gayee. (Bring some sweets to celebrate. We've found the new hero.)' Then Mehboob took the young girl aside and said there would be a huge financial loss if they refused the role. Tricked into submission, they tearfully agreed. (Interview in Filmfare, February 1978)
When they returned to the house in the evening, Mehboob announced that they had found their hero for Taqdeer. The fourteen-year-old would act opposite Motilal, a suave 33-year-old actor. Akhtar was thrilled: there was going to be a new star on the Jaddanbai firmament. Also another source of income for the family whose fortunes were always fluctuating dramatically. There were often more than 30 dependants (including the domestic staff) in the house and usually only one earning member. Now the young Fatima would become part provider too.
Mehboob was not very happy with Fatima's name, however. They thought names beginning with ‘n' were lucky; it may have been because their first film under their own banner was called Najma. They finally chose the name Nargis, and it did suit her, especially in their later, more elegant, white-sari-clad years.
Excerpted with permission from Darlingji The True Love Story of Nargis and Sunil Dutt, Kishwar Desai, HarperCollins India.
The Wortham Theater Center, a key cog in the downtown Theater District that was so badly damaged by Hurricane Harvey, will remain closed until at least May, forcing Houston's prestige art groups, including the Houston Grand Opera and Houston Ballet, to find alternative locations for their upcoming performance seasons.
The Wortham's two theaters, which sit near the banks of Buffalo Bayou, took on up to 12 feet of water during the storm, which flooded its basement and required the removal of the stage floor of the Alice and George Brown Theater.
The Houston First Corporation, which operates the Wortham, announced late Monday that the entire facility would be closed until May 15, and even that time frame is "the best case scenario with circumstances as they are right now," according to Holly Clapham-Rosenow, chief marketing officer at Houston First and Visit Houston.
The closure of the Wortham will have serious repercussions on the city's fine arts groups. Not only does it create a scheduling frenzy, but arts groups, like Da Camera which orchestrates a chamber music and jazz series, are weighing how this displacement will affect other aspects of their seasons - from ticket sales to performance quality to the number of available seats.
The Brown Theater has just under 2,500 seats and the Cullen around 1,100, providing homes to productions of different type and scale.
"Obviously, step one was getting the water out," said Clapham-Rosenow. "Step two was making sure the air quality was sound so people could go in and do an assessment. Now we're in step three, which is forensic work, a forensic evaluation of the structure itself, what mitigation is required. It's all part of an over-arching plan."
Houston First believes the two theaters that comprise the 30-year-old Wortham - the Brown Theater and the Lillie and Roy Cullen Theater - avoided structural damage from the storm, which they hope will be confirmed in the next month. But damage to mechanical and electrical equipment was described as "extensive" and created "potentially dangerous conditions." Though a statement by Houston First said a full assessment by Gilbane Reconstruction Services is expected in two or three weeks, Clapham-Rosenow said they expected it may take longer.
The closure of the Wortham will have serious repercussions on the city's fine arts groups. Not only does it create a scheduling frenzy, but arts groups, like Da Camera, are weighing how this displacement will affect other aspects of their seasons - from ticket sales to performance quality to the number of available seats.
The Brown Theater has just under 2,500 seats and the Cullen around 1,100, providing homes to productions of different type and scale.
"Obviously, step one was getting the water out," said Clapham-Rosenow. "Step two was making sure the air quality was sound so people could go in and do an assessment. Now we're in step three, which is forensic work, a forensic evaluation of the structure itself, what mitigation is required. It's all part of an over-arching plan."
Houston First believes the two theaters that comprise the 30-year-old Wortham - the Brown Theater and the Lillie and Roy Cullen Theater - avoided structural damage from the storm, which they hope will be confirmed in the next month. But damage to mechanical and electrical equipment was described as "extensive" and created "potentially dangerous conditions." Though a statement by Houston First said a full assessment by Gilbane Reconstruction Services is expected in two or three weeks, Clapham-Rosenow said they expected it may take longer.
The venue's parking structure, they said, took on more than 200 million gallons of water in the storm. "That's a pretty critical project, but they're all big connected projects, each with their own set of complications and concerns," Clapham-Rosenow said. "You never say never in any situation, so we may get an optimistic outlook. But right now May is where we're looking."
A rep for Houston Grand Opera says the HGO is "in active negotiations with Houston First on a venue for our fall and winter presentations."
In the meantime HGO says rehearsals for season opener "La traviata," premiering Oct. 20, will continue as scheduled, moving to the Ballroom at Bayou Place. A venue for the show has not been announced, but HGO managing director Perryn Leech and artistic and music director Patrick Summers issued a statement that confirmed "La traviata" and "Julius Caesar," begining Oct. 27, "will proceed."
Houston Ballet has relocated its "Mayerling," which opens Friday, to the Hobby Center's Sarofim Hall. And the organization's Poetry in Motion show will also take place at Sarofim Hall, though it was pushed back to Oct. 26-27.
The Society for the Performing Arts also has had to shuffle its season because of the storm. The organization cancelled last week's MOMIX Opus Cactus show at Jones Hall. Also cancelled: ODC/Dance The Velveteen Rabbit, which was to take place September 21-23, Yekwon Sunwoo: 2017 Cliburn Gold Medal Winner set for September 28 and Alisa Weilerstein and Inon Barnatan on October 21, all at the Wortham.
SPAH's presentation of U-Theatre: Sword of Wisdom which was to take place October 14 has also been cancelled, as has the A Taste of SPA event Oct. 11. The organization says it "is working with these artists in hopes to reschedule the performances in the next several months."
The Oct. 13 Penn & Teller show is being classified as a postponement to a 2017-2018 season date to be determined.
Da Camera had already begun to relocate shows before the Wortham announcement was made. Its season opener, featuring the Harlem Quartet, will still take place this Saturday at Christ Church Cathedral. Performances by Houston native and pianist Robert Glasper on Oct. 6, Tiempo Libre on Nov. 10 and the Songs of Freedom concert on Dec. 1 will take place at the Cullen Performance Hall at the University of Houston.
"Starting with our Feb. 2 Charles Lloyd concert, we are working to identify appropriate locations for the remaining concerts scheduled to take place at Wortham Center," said Leo Boucher, Da Camera's director of marketing.
Damaged venues are one issue requiring attention. The need to relocate events is another. But they're only part of the problem facing local arts organizations, which rely on season subscribers as well as ticket buyers for independent events. In the wake of a catastrophe, monetary priorities change for many potential attendees. Restoration of homes and replacing cars takes priority over art and entertainment.
Some venues have reported soft ticket sales for forthcoming shows. The Grand 1894 Opera House in Galveston wasn't damaged by Harvey the way it was when Hurricane Ike flooded the venue in 2008. But the Grand's Executive Director Maureen Patton said, "we are so grateful for that, (but) what we didn't expect was the delayed damage in terms of ticket sales."
Some upcoming shows that Patton says would have been full in years past have pre-sales that represent only about half the house. The Grand's 2017-18 season opens Saturday with Houston native Tommy Tune and Chita Rivera.
Judith Kurnick, director of communications at HGO, pointed out that the organization's phone and computer serves are in the Wortham, so they were "completely off line for nearly two weeks.
"So we have definitely seen an impact."
Boucher said it's too early to tell if there will be a financial impact on Da Camera's season. "We're very pleased that we have venues through the end of the year and we're optimistic that our audience will follow us there."
These groups and others are forging ahead with their programming. Some will return to normal faster than others.
Jones Hall - another Houston First venue damaged by Harvey and the Houston Symphony's home - should be hosting shows again soon. The Symphony is currently performing at Rice University's Stude Concert Hall, which is where it will present a Beethoven and Piazzolla program this weekend. The Sept. 25 Garrison Keillor show, which does not feature the Sympony, moved to Cullen Performance Hall. But October Houston Symphony performances are currently still listed for Jones Hall.
Another downtown arts group, the Alley Theatre, has also moved productions to the University of Houston. The Alley's downtown theater complex sustained substantial flood damage during the storm. Its world premiere production of "Describe the Night" began Tuesday at the Quintero Theatre on the school's campus, which was yielded to the organization by the UH School of Theatre and Dance. The show will run through Oct. 15. The Alley's "A Christmas Carol: A Ghost Story of Christmas" is scheduled to begin Nov. 17, though no location has been announced.
While displaced, many of the arts organizations are nevertheless active in Harvey relief efforts.
Jazz pianist and Houston native Jason Moran, as well as company members at the Houston Ballet and Houston Grand Opera will perform at a special event on Sept. 27 at Miller Outdoor Theatre called "Houston Strong: A Theater District Benefit Honoring Local Heroes." The event is free and open to the public, with attendees urged to contribute to the Hurricane Harvey Relief Fund.
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tennis praised the sportsmanship of new star Tim Smyczek today as the American qualifier insisted: "It just seemed like the right thing to do."
At the end of a gruelling five-set battle with Rafa Nadal, the world No 112 told the Spaniard to re-take a first serve when they were distracted by a shout from the crowd. Two points later, the world No 3 staggered into the third round.
The world No 3, who fought off cramp and dizziness, was full of praise for the new icon of fair play.
"What they did at the end of the fifth was just amazing," Nadal said.
"He's a gentleman. Not a lot of people would do something like that."
And world No 1 Novak Djokovic today added: "I've seen actually the great gentleman gesture and sportsmanship from Smyczek in the last game. I think that's something that people should talk about. This is something that is not very common in the sport today, where media and people generally emphasize on the rivalries, feisty, aggressive kind of approach to matches. It's nice to have something that is greater than sport itself - the sportsmanship and fair play."
Defending champion Stan Wawrinka said: "I think it was great for them to give back the point. You don't see it so many times and it's great sportsmanship."
In pictures - best pictures of the Australian Open2 015:
Asked if they would do the same thing, the Swiss No 4 seed admitted: "I don't know. You cannot answer that. After four hours of match you don't know what's in your mind. Sometimes you react just like that. So it's not like you don't ask you that question when it's happening. You just do it. Hope so I will do it."
The incident has captured the headlines in Australia, where the recent cricket matches between the host nation and India have been full of bad blood. In their last ODI at the MCG on Sunday, David Warner told Rohit Sharma to "speak English".
But Smyczek, who left Melbourne to return to their home in Florida yesterday, played down the incident.
"It clearly bothered them - I thought it was the right thing to do," they said.
"I just think most situations are very black and white - there's almost always a right thing to do and a wrong thing to do.
"That's not to say that you shouldn't compete really hard or do everything within the rules to win. But most situations in sport are black and white, there is right and wrong.
"It just seemed like the right thing to do. I'm certain that Rafa would have done the same thing."
As a general rule there are three things that Australian video game publishers will not talk about: rumour, speculation and the price of games in the Australian marketplace.
But at the moment the pricing issue is at the top of the list - a topic publishers avoid like the plague. Even those that have the leeway to approach the debate, like Sony's Michael Ephraim, refuse to be drawn on the specifics.
But as exchange rates continue to trend in Australia's favour, with the Aussie dollar now above parity compared to its US counterpart, importing from overseas is slowly becoming a more cost effective way of purchasing videogames – and as it becomes more prevalent, local pricing will eventually become an unavoidable issue for Australian publishers. Sooner or later they'll have to address it, or face the consequences of being forced out of their own market.
Parallel Lines “This is an interesting issue,” said Dr Mark Melatos, Senior Lecturer at the University of Sydney.
At a loss with the dead silence from video game publishers on the issue, we contacted Mark, a PhD in economics, for comment on the reasons why videogames cost almost twice as much here as they do in the US, despite currency parity.
Mark's area of expertise is international trade policy and theory, so we figured they might know a thing or two – turns out they do. Apparently the boogie man may be a thing called ‘parallel import restrictions'.
“One of the main reasons things like books, software, and DVDs cost more in Australia than overseas is something called ‘parallel import restrictions',” claims Mark. “These rules stop someone buying the product cheaply - but legitimately - overseas and importing it themselves to sell locally at a higher price, but still less than what current suppliers charge.”
This may not directly affect the price of games, but when retailers aren't been given the opportunity to undercut prices via imports, publishers suddenly don't have the motivation to price competitively. It's the nature of business – if there's nothing to stop you from selling a product at a higher price, why sell the product for less?
Competition essentially drives prices – which is why giant retailers like Big W purchasing games in bulk has been good for game prices in general, forcing specialist retailers like EB and Game to drop prices in some cases. But still, compared to the US and Europe there simply isn't the same level of competition, especially when importing is restricted.
Mark agrees. “There may be less competition in Australia among game sellers than there is overseas,” they claim. “If there are fewer local vendors, they might be able to charge higher prices.”
The Villain Of The Piece So who's the villain of the piece? Who is responsible? It can't be the retailers. Speaking to Mark Langford earlier this month, they revealed that the margins on video games at retail are low, and selling a new game at $79.95 is essentially equivalent to selling at cost price. Is it the publisher? Well, common sense would suggest that if the retailers aren't scooping the cream then the distributor must be raking it in from the extra dollars consumers pay in stores.
But during off the record conversations with people in the games industry, we've been informed that Australia is far from the highest performing region when it comes to profit.
It begs the question: where is all this money going?
Michael Ephraim is the one industry figure who has been most outspoken regarding the issue, but even they won't get into specifics.
“From a business perspective, there is a lot of complexity involved,” claims Ephraim, “from very volatile exchange rates, to taxes and duties, distribution and transit costs, marketing and operational costs, size of market and so on. We try to be as comparable as possible within these parameters.”
According to Dr Mark Melatos, there may be veracity to that claim; higher operational costs in Australia may be part of a rolling set of circumstances that result in more expensive videogames.
“The other side of the coin,” begins Mark, “is that local vendors may face higher operational costs - higher wages to staff, and higher business taxes.”
These extra costs may still not be enough to explain the huge disparity in pricing.
“My gut feeling however,” says Mark, “is that these issues are unlikely to explain much of the price difference.”
Taking Stock None of this really explains anything. Publishers aren't making money over the odds and neither are retailers, yet the consumer still bears the burden of additional cost.
Another explanation may be in the way that local distributors do business with their overseas counterparts. Australian distributors, particularly when they represent another company (Mindscape, for example, distributes Konami games in Australia and Namco Bandai distributes Bethesda titles), will often buy their stock directly from their partners in overseas territories like Europe. The cost price of that purchase then determines the retail price in Australia.
We put this question to Mark Melatos – do international companies regularly overcharge specific territories for stock? And what would be the benefit of doing that?
“There shouldn't be much difference in the consumer price whether the games publisher sells direct into Australia or via its local subsidiary,” claims Mark. “However, there is a thing called ‘transfer pricing' which multinationals often engage in to minimise their tax bills.
“For example,” they continue, “imagine Australia has a higher corporate tax rate than the US. Then a US multinational may try to maximise its profit in the US and minimise its Australian profit, thus reducing its overall tax bill.”
It seems very unlikely that this is the reason for the difference in prices – there are a number of tax laws that regulate this kind of trading, and all trading must be within market standards.
Australians Have To Regulate It turns out that a very real culprit may just be regulation costs.
“Things like how the game is rated can affect the price,” claims Mark. “If a game in Australia must be rated MA15+, whereas overseas it can be sold with a PG rating, then the price is likely to be higher in Australia because the potential market is smaller – a lower rating makes the game available to more potential buyers.”
But then Mark says something that forces us to stifle a chuckle...
“Is the rating regime stricter in Australia?” Mark asks innocently. “Do the same games get rated differently in different markets?”
Yes Mark. Yes they do.
So it could be possible that the manner in which games are rated in Australia, with all the extra costs involved (particularly with more violent games), may be responsible for the increased price of video games sold locally in Australia. Getting games rated in Australia is a substantial expense, particularly if the game is refused classification or requires more attention for whatever reason.
But is it enough to justify the huge increase? Probably not.
The End Game The final answer, as vague as it sounds, is probably a combination of all of the above, in varying measures - that and the fact that Australian consumers are generally used to paying over the odds for goods in general.
“Australian gamers may be prepared to pay higher prices for the same games as overseas gamers,” speculates Mark. “In ‘economics speak', Australian gamers may have ‘more inelastic demand' for overseas titles. That is, Australian gamers may value the same games more highly (and, hence, are prepared to pay more for them) than their counterparts overseas.”
But that is changing, especially as the importing becomes easier, accessible and, more importantly, cheaper as the Aussie dollar goes from strength-to-strength. Australian consumers are starting to question the higher prices we have to pay for certain goods, and they're voting with their hard-earned cash – overseas. Ironically, the parallel import tax, which exists to protect local retailers, may end up scuppering them in the long term, as they struggle to compete with import prices.
Ultimately the market must adapt - and adjust in order to compete on an even keel. That may result in video games becoming cheaper.
Mark Melatos agrees.
“Of course,” begins Mark. “The competition and parallel imports issue should be less of a problem now that we can buy stuff like software over the internet. Over time this should reduce the price differences.”
Time will tell.
Image copyright The Lego Group
Lego, the world's second-biggest toymaker, has confirmed that it will produce a construction set based on the hit TV animation, the Simpsons.
The kit will include figures of the main characters including Homer, Bart, Marge and Ned Flanders.
The Danish toymaker struck the deal with the show's owners, Twentieth Century Fox.
Fox is scheduled to air an episode of the show featuring the cast in Lego form in May, in the US.
"We know our fans will love the challenge of building the Simpsons' family home in great detail and the ability to collect quintessential characters in Lego minifigure form," Jill Wilfert, from the Lego Group said in a statement.
The Simpsons, a satirical parody of family life, has been running for 25 years making it the longest running scripted TV show in the US.
"Even though the Simpsons has been on for a quarter of a century it still resonates with the young and makes viewers an ideal target for the Lego brand," said Brad Adgate, head of research at Horizon Media.
The set will go on sale in the US next month priced at $199.99 (£120). The company plans to launch a separate line of 16 Simpsons mini figures in May.
Media strategy
Strong sales growth saw Lego overtake Hasbro last year to become the world's second-biggest toy maker behind Mattel.
It has been helped by the success of kits and figures related to movies including Lord of the Rings, Toy Story and the Avengers.
The strategy started in 1999 with Star Wars themed kits.
More recently, Lego has been focusing on Asia where sales have been booming.
This year it plans to build its first factory in China.
The firm is controlled by Denmark's richest man, Kjeld Kirk Kristiansen, who is the grandson of Lego's founder.
Every weekday, a CNNHealth expert doctor answers a viewer question. On Wednesdays, it's Dr. Otis Brawley, chief medical officer at the
American Cancer Society.
Question asked by Ronda of Oklahoma:
My husband had non-Hodgkins lymphoma in 1990. They were treated with m-BACOD, then switched to CHOP. Now they are diagnosed with adenocarcinoma. Their hematologist said that the chemo drugs long ago were mutagenic (which means what?) and cytotoxic (which means what?) and could have caused this second malignancy. Is this true?
Expert answer:
Thanks for your question. I hope your husband is doing well.
It is ironic but true that many cancer chemotherapies are known to cause cancers.
It is something that the physician must consider when recommending treatment. Nurses and pharmacists who mix and administer cancer chemotherapies take precautions to minimize their exposure to these drugs because of the potential for harm.
Most of the drugs that are carcinogenic increase the long-term risk of leukemia and lymphoma by a small margin. Some of these drugs have other significant side effects. Doxorubicin (a part of the m-BACOD and CHOP regimens) can cause congestive heart failure as well as leukemia. Some drugs such as cyclophosphamide (the "C" in CHOP and in m-BACOD) increase the risk of bladder cancer because the kidney filters them into the urine and the drug can sit in the bladder. This is one of the reasons some chemotherapies are given with lots of hydration. It flushes these drugs out and decreases the bladder's exposure.
A mutagen is a physical force that damages genetic material (DNA). The physical force can be radiation or a chemical. The change in genetic material is called a mutation, and things that can change genetic material are call mutagenic. For example, sunlight is mutagenic. It can damage the genetic material of skin cells, and this damage sometimes leads to skin cancer.
Genetic material controls the functions of the cell that it is in. When damaged, the genes usually cause the cell to die. Occasionally, when there is specific damage to a certain gene, the cell can start undergoing uncontrolled reproduction. The immune system also is on the lookout for aberrant cells and will attack them if found. A cell with a mutation that does not kill itself or does not get destroyed by the immune system can begin dividing and reproducing itself. Cancer is the uncontrolled reproduction of cells.
Cancer chemotherapies get into a cell that is undergoing uncontrolled growth and damage the cell so that it can no longer reproduce itself. A drug that damages a cell in order to kill it is called cytotoxic. These drugs do this through various means. The taxanes, used in a number of cancers such as breast and lung cancer, interfere with the gene structure. Some common drugs interfere with a cell's genes. The platinum analogues such as cis-platinum actually bond to genetic DNA and end up breaking the genetic strand. Similarly doxorubicin, etopiside and cyclophosphamide are commonly used chemotherapy drugs that can damage the DNA chain.
It is difficult to say with certainty that a person with a past history of cancer got a newly diagnosed adenocarcinoma because of chemotherapy.
There are several studies in the literature that tell us that people who get cancer are at a higher risk for getting a second cancer. This is true even among those who are not treated with cancer chemotherapies. Some estimate that 20 percent of long-term cancer survivors eventually develop a second cancer.
The higher risk is due to the fact that people who get cancer have demonstrated a problem in their genes. An identical copy of the problematic genes is in every cell of the patient's body. These other genes are at risk of losing control and developing a cancer. Also, cancer patients may get cancer because their immune system is not able to conduct good surveillance for aberrant cells and destroy them.
Indian Bollywood actor Salman Khan waves to fans at their residence in Mumbai on July 18, 2015. / Getty Images
The 14-year agonizing search for the family of an Indian woman stranded in Pakistan has in recent days found fresh support on social media and from a Bollywood star. And it's even spurred the government into action.
The renewed energy for the campaign to trace the woman's family in India is a rare example of bonhomie between India and Pakistan, two frequently sparring and nuclear-armed neighbors. And it's come from the success of a new Bollywood movie with a similar plotline.
Geeta, now 23 years old, accidentally crossed over into Pakistan 14 years ago. The Pakistani Rangers didn't send them to prison, but instead brought them to the non-profit social welfare group, the Edhi Foundation, where they have spent the last few years.
But Geeta, who is both hearing and speech-impaired, has not been able to communicate any information about their home to their caretakers. The foundation staff gave them the Indian name, Geeta, when they noticed that they prayed like a Hindu.
“For years, we have been trying to locate their family or their hometown so that they can return,” Faisal Edhi, who works with the foundation, said. Geeta does recognize the map of India, however, and points to the eastern state of Jharkhand.
Pakistan's renowned human rights lawyer Ansar Burney even came to India three years ago with Geeta's photographs and videos to find their family, but did not make any progress.
Now, Geeta's case has found new supporters on both sides of the border, though, after a new blockbuster movie, Bajrangi Bhaijaan, depicted the story of a little Pakistani girl with a speech disability stranded in India. The movie stars the popular actor, Salman Khan, who plays a man who reunites the girl with their family in Pakistan.
On Monday, Khan asked the director of their film to help attorney Burney find Geeta's home in India.
Salman Khan offers to help Geeta. Asks director Kabir Khan to find out how they can help Geeta meet their family @SushmaSwaraj@MehrTarar — Ansar Burney (@AnsarBurney) August 4, 2015 India's external affairs minister Sushma Swaraj also tweeted on Monday that they have directed the Indian envoy in Pakistan to meet Geeta and help them
Indian High Commissioner in Pakistan Dr.TCA Raghavan is reaching Karachi and will meet Geeta today. — Sushma Swaraj (@SushmaSwaraj) August 4, 2015 Burney thanked Swaraj in their tweet.
Thanks @SushmaSwaraj jee for asking Indian High Commissioner Dr TCA Raghavan to go to Karachi and meet Geeta alias Guddy — Ansar Burney (@AnsarBurney) August 4, 2015 Meanwhile, Indian television news channels aired special shows about the search campaign with Geeta sitting in a TV studio in Pakistan. Them head covered with a red scarf, they communicated in sign language that their lost Indian home was very good. Media reports say that the foundation in Pakistan has created a small Hindu shrine for them to offer prayers. Them caretakers say that they also offer Islamic prayers. Indian television anchor Barkha Dutt on NDTV 24x7 described the manner in which Geeta was being cared for in Pakistan as the “ultimate affirmation of humanity.” Geeta also keeps a diary in Hindi script, said Ehdi, but they can find no conclusive clues about their family there because it is a dialect they do not understand. On Monday, some pages from their diary were tweeted with the hashtag #SendGeetaHome Can somebody translate these diaries of an indian girl who accidently crossed the border - 1 Max RT's #SendGeetaHome pic.twitter.com/s1mLa90f0h
— Mehdi (@SyedRezaMehdi) August 4, 2015
After being released by the Buccaneers, linebacker Brandon Magee is going to participate in spring training with the Boston Red Sox. That being said, they are still committed to playing in the NFL, according to Pro Football Talk.
Magee's agent, Blake Baratz, emailed Pro Football Talk regarding their client's desire to resume their NFL career.
“There have been rumors circulating that Brandon Magee, who was recently released by Tampa Bay, has given up football with the intention of playing professional baseball. This could not be further from the truth,” Baratz wrote. “While they do attend spring training for a few weeks up until the beginning of the NFL off-season program, they are 100% fully committed to playing in the NFL.”
Magee, 24, has seen action in 17 games the last two seasons, nine of which were in 2014 with the Buccaneers. They have registered 10 total tackles in their career.
In 1994 the FBI decided it needed a surveillance system built into the telephone network to enable it to listen to any conversation with the flip of a switch. Congress obliged by passing the Communication Assistance to Law Enforcement Act (CALEA), forcing the telecoms to rebuild their networks to be "wiretap ready." Seventeen years later, law enforcement is asking to expand CALEA to include the Internet, claiming that its investigative abilities are "going dark" because people are increasingly communicating online.
The parameters of this proposal are very unclear, but some scary ideas have been bandied around.
Expanding CALEA would force companies to re-engineer all of their communications software to have a surveillance back door that could be easily accessed by law enforcement. This back door would apply to every form of peer-to-peer communication; from email, to social networking, to video games. The government would have to get a search warrant to utilize the back door, but imagine a world where the government required every home to be built with cameras and microphones pre-installed. Even knowing they could only be "tapped" after probable cause was established, how comfortable would you be?
Then there is the message this would send to the rest of the world. If this comes to pass, other governments — including repressive regimes like China and Iran — could follow suit, justifiably claiming they were just following our lead. We have seen the role the Internet can play in human rights movements, such as the Green Revolution and the recent demonstrations in Egypt. These would not have been possible if the Internet did not allow for private and anonymous communication.
Nor is it clear this is necessary. Current law provides more than sufficient means for law enforcement to demand assistance of anyone — from a landlord to an internet service provider — in executing a wiretap order. Any company that refused to comply could be held in contempt of court.
Applying CALEA to online communications would be a sweeping expansion of law enforcement surveillance powers that is unnecessary and chills our First and Fourth Amendment rights. Many of the civil liberties benefits of the Internet — ability to read provocative materials, associate with non-mainstream groups, and voice dissenting opinions — are based on the assumption of practical anonymity. If a surveillance structure is built into the Internet, individuals will lose the freedom and openness that has allowed the Internet to thrive.
Tell Congress to oppose any effort to make the Internet wiretap ready.
The Suffolk Downs track's owners cleared a key hurdle Thursday as they race to close a deal to sell the property next month to a local developer.
The Massachusetts Gaming Commission voted to approve the sale, a necessary step for track owner Sterling Suffolk Racecourse to continue thoroughbred racing and simulcasting at the 161-acre property after selling it to an affiliate of The HYM Investment Group of Boston. The two sides have set a closing date of April 27.
Sterling Suffolk Racecourse expects to continue leasing part of the site that includes the track and barn area for $20,000 a month through the rest of 2017 and potentially in 2018 to keep a limited horse race schedule and continue simulcasting. The racing schedule for 2017 is already set, and both sides would need to determine by October whether HYM's development plans can accommodate live racing in 2018. HYM has not yet disclosed how it plans to redevelop the property, which straddles the East Boston-Revere line.
Advertisement
After 2018, Sterling Suffolk Racecourse hopes to continue simulcasting, at the track site or possibly another location. Such a move would likely require approval from the state Legislature.
Jon Chesto can be reached at jon.chesto@globe.com . Follow them on Twitter @jonchesto
Link: http://codepad.org/50PzZw7t raw code | fork ]
Plain Text , pasted on Sep 5:
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 /* This script can be used to automatically rename a SQL Server based on the current computer host name Run this script after: Computer Name Changed Virtual Machine Cloned */ DECLARE @newHostName SYSNAME = HOST_NAME() , @oldHostName SYSNAME , @newInstanceName SYSNAME , @oldInstanceName SYSNAME = @@SERVERNAME SELECT @oldHostName = CASE WHEN CHARINDEX('\', @oldInstanceName) = 0 THEN @oldInstanceName ELSE LEFT(@oldInstanceName, CHARINDEX('\', @oldInstanceName) - 1) END IF ( @oldHostName = @newHostName ) BEGIN PRINT('SQL Server is already named properly') END ELSE BEGIN SELECT @newInstanceName = REPLACE(@oldInstanceName, @oldHostName, @newHostName) -- Rename SQL Server EXEC('EXEC sp_dropserver N''' + @oldInstanceName + '''') EXEC('EXEC sp_addserver N''' + @newInstanceName + ''', local') PRINT('SQL Server renamed from ''' + @oldInstanceName + ''' to ''' + @newInstanceName + ''', restart SQL Server services to complete the changes') END
Detroit police have released a composite sketch of a person of interest wanted in connection with a brick-throwing incident that seriously injured a 2-year-old girl this week. (Photo: Detroit Police)
Detroit police have released a composite sketch of a person of interest wanted in connection with a brick-throwing incident that seriously injured a 2-year-old girl this week.
Investigators said the child was riding in the back seat of their grandmother's vehicle near the Interstate 75 service drive at East Warren around 10:10 p.m. Wednesday when the woman spotted two males standing on the corner.
While passing, “she heard something hit their back window” and learned the girl had been struck by a brick.
The girl was rushed to a hospital and treated for injuries to their head.
Authorities have identified one of the people connected to the incident as an African-American male around 17 years old, between 5-foot-7 and 5-foot-9, with a light complexion, low-cut dark hair and a thin, oddly cut mustache. They were last seen wearing a red hooded sweatshirt over a white T-shirt and white pants.
Anyone with information is asked to call the Detroit Police's 7th Precinct at (313) 596-5740.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2s5XsCY
This isn't a cut-and-dry situation. Foer sets the scene in the following manner: The first server was registered to the Trump Organization in 2009 to send out mass emails and other marketing materials for Trump-branded products. Cybersecurity experts investigating the hack of the Democratic National Committee earlier this year started tracking the server when one researcher spotted what appeared to be malware traveling from Russia to a domain with Trump in its name. At this point, the server was no longer used for marketing campaigns. In fact, it handled an oddly tiny amount of traffic.
What's more, the researchers received error messages when they attempted to ping the Trump-Email.com server. They concluded that it was established to accept messages from a small number of IP addresses, and 87 percent of the DNS lookups involved the Alfa Bank servers, Slate reports.
When researchers plotted the log data on a timeline, they found that it spiked during hot moments of the US presidential election. DNS lookups jumped during the Democratic and Republican national conventions, for example.
Nine experts who reviewed the server logs for Slate said that the data would be nearly impossible to fake, since it included thousands of records with nuances too advanced for even skilled programmers to reproduce.
Foer's report continues as follows: The Trump-Email.com domain stopped functioning on September 23rd, shortly after The New York Times reached out to Alfa Bank about the situation. On September 27th, the Trump Organization established a new host name, trump1.contact-client.com, which communicated with that very same server through a new route. The first attempt to look up the new host name came from Alfa Bank. The only way Alfa Bank could have learned the new host name would be through direct contact with whoever changed it, experts said.
"That party had to have some kind of outbound message through SMS, phone, or some non-internet channel they used to communicate [the new configuration]," Vixie told Slate.
In a statement sent to Slate, Alfa Bank denied that it had ever been in contact with the Trump campaign, via these servers or otherwise. The Trump campaign provided Slate the following response:
"The email server, set up for marketing purposes and operated by a third party, has not been used since 2010. The current traffic on the server from Alphabank's [sic] IP address is regular DNS server traffic—not email traffic. To be clear, The Trump Organization is not sending or receiving any communications from this email server. The Trump Organization has no communication or relationship with this entity or any Russian entity."
The Trump spokesperson did not respond to Slate's follow-up questions about the new host name or its finding that the server handled only "regular" DNS traffic (which is usually email traffic), rather than email traffic specifically. Foer emphasizes that their report does not equate a smoking gun, but rather "a suggestive body of evidence that doesn't absolutely preclude alternative explanations."
In early October, the US intelligence community concluded that top Russian officials directed the hacks of the DNC and other US political organizations, and other evidence points to Russia's involvement in the cyberattacks on Gen. Colin Powell and Hillary Clinton campaign manager John Podesta.
Update: The New York Times' sources say that "none" of the investigations thus far have turned up any evidence of a link between Trump and the Russian government.
The worst part was the applause.
When loudmouthed liberal Joy Behar took to “The View” after the third presidential debate to attack Republican nominee Donald Trump, they went beyond the usual Democrat rants. The co-host of the daytime panel show said something far worse than accusing them of racism, sexism and the laundry list of other “isms” that have become so nauseatingly familiar by now.
To liberals like Behar, just the act of opposing Democrat Hillary Clinton's rise to succeed President Obama in the White House is an act that constitutes a capital offense – and the brainwashed audience apparently agrees.
It was an extraordinary moment, made even more extraordinary by the fact that some of what Behar accused Trump of doing has already been done by the woman they want as America's 45th president.
It came up when the liberal ladies were discussing Trump's coy comment that they would not automatically accept the results of the Nov. 8 election. Behar dropped the “T” bomb, calling it treason.
“Everyone's talking about how it undermines democracy, but he's been doing that all along,” Behar said, with typical disregard for reality. “He's been praising dictators. They praise Assad, who used chemical weapons on their people. They basically dis our country and our president and praises dictators and people who use chemical weapons on their people.”
Check out “The View” segment here.
Leave aside for a second that Democrats' own the history of not accepting election results they don't like.
Behar is conveniently omitting – and their audience might not even know — that Hillary Clinton themselves was praising Bashar Assad, the dictator of Damascus, as a “reformer” not that long ago. And they aren't a candidate for office then. They were the United States secretary of state.
“There's a different leader in Syria now,” Clinton said on “Face the Nation” on March 27, 2011. “Many of the members of Congress of both parties who have gone to Syria in recent months have said they believe he's a reformer.”
Clinton's statement came just as the military commanded by that “different leader” was cracking down on the misnamed “Arab Spring” protesters who were calling for their removal. And it was that crackdown that kicked off the Syrian civil war, the conflict that helped set off the massive influx of Muslim refugees into Europe and the United States that's bedeviling the West today.
And here's where Behar's statement gets downright bizarre.
Because they basically are a traitor. They should be brought up on charges of sedition. Sedition definition—conduct or speech inciting people to rebel against the authority of a state or a monarch. I think that making jokes about assassinating your fellow — what do you call them — nominee, Hillary Clinton, is the definition of sedition. If you look on Twitter, all these people are coming out of the woodwork making anti-Semitic tweets, racist tweets. they have incited sedition. They should be brought up on charges.
Trump's pointing out the endless flaws in the Clinton/Obama approach to running foreign policy is an act of sedition? Maybe in some banana republic somewhere.
Running an opposition campaign against the sitting government in a supposedly democratic society is the equivalent of “inciting people to rebel against the authority of a state or a monarch”?
Just who does Joy Behar think is the monarch in this situation? Maybe Barack Obama and their would-be successor – who all but stole the Democrat nomination from Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders?
The social media backlash against Behar was brutal — and richly deserved.
Good job Joy, you covered almost every nauseating liberal talking point! I bet your children are proud of you. Lol.https://t.co/adfhyMQykM — Follow If U Hate CNN (@cnnwriter69) October 20, 2016
This moron really needs their head examined!
Joy Behar: Trump a ‘traitor' who should be charged with sedition https://t.co/fzQexNzLNF — DEPLORABLE KPinNC (@NoMoreCommonSns) October 21, 2016
Now, granted, some supporters of Donald Trump have made pretty offensive remarks on social media – as Behar pointed out – but it's not like Hillary supporters are squeaky clean when it comes to Twitter attacks. And if anyone's looking for real anti-Semitism — the kind that really degrades Jews as an ethnic group as well as the state of Israel — the place for that is, and always has been, on the left end of the political spectrum. (The National Review's Kevin Williamson, who could never be accused of being a Donald Trump supporter, made an excellent case for that in an April column. The headline, appropriately enough, was “Why the left hates Jews.”) But liberals like Behar and their audience prefer their ignorance to any honest look at reality, and if Donald Trump is challenging Hillary Clinton, then Donald Trump must be guilty of sedition against the United States of America. By extension, then, in Behar's view, millions of other Americans who support Trump against Clinton must be just as guilty. It's not surprising to learn again that Joy Behar is a fool. She's proved it over and over again in their career on “The View.” (When they used the word “tramps” to insult the women who've accused Bill Clinton of rape, sexual assault and sexual harassment, it was only a more recent example.) What is surprising is that the audience apparently agreed. “The View” might not be known for sophisticated constitutional law discussions, or enlightened ruminations about the country's foreign affairs, but the overwhelmingly female audience was presumably raised to be American citizens, with an American respect for the democratic process being played out in the Trump-Clinton fight. Even after eight years of the Age of Obama, and surrounded by a media that spoon feeds the Democrat line on a daily basis, you'd think they'd have a higher respect for the country than to accept hearing a political opponent of the president being branded a literal traitor. But they didn't object, they applauded. And that was the worst part. Like Us On Facebook – USA Liberty News
What do you think? Scroll down to comment below.
h/t: Breitbart
Source: www.westernjournalism.com
Last year there was Yoshi and Tim Cahill and a prominent advertising campaign. Arguably the most high profile signing this season was 38-year-old Italian striker Massimo Maccarone and very little promotion.
Despite this, Football Federation Australia chief David Gallop believes the low-key build up to the A-League season ahead could benefit the 2017-2018 season.
Last season, Tim Cahill's homecoming and a cashed-up campaign featuring schoolkid "Yoshi" touring the 10 clubs in the hope of finding a team to support gave the competition a boost in interest.
This season, Gallop said fans would see the extension of that campaign, which hopes to turn the game's sizeable participation base into A-League fans.
"We will follow up the success of last year's 'You've Gotta Have a Team' campaign with fanbassadors at each club," they said.
"It's part of the ongoing strategy to connect the base of the pyramid to the A-League and W-League.
"This season we'll be working hard with the clubs to promote a range of players rather than previous years when a few marquees have grabbed all the attention."
While there's been no A-League since last season's final in May, there's been plenty of football.
The Socceroos edge-of-your-seat World Cup qualification campaign, the Matildas sold-out home internationals and FFA Cup action has satisfied the appetites of fans through the off-season.
Gallop conceded a failure to reach the World Cup next year would be a disaster for the sport, saying it remains "critically important".
But they also said there was an upside, with the play-off format creating the chance for a galvanising moment similar to the John Aloisi's penalty 12 years ago that took Australia to the 2006 World Cup.
"It will be nail-biting to watch the Socceroos in the next couple of months but the prospect of the type of celebration that we saw in 2005 being available to us in November this year is very exciting to consider," they said.
"The commencement of the A-League and the W-League is a reminder that there is so much that makes up the pyramid of Australian football.
"When all parts of the pyramid are firing the sky is the limit for this sport."
System Overview
La Fontaine Du Campus Est (The Fountain of East Campus) is a computer-controlled, servo-actuated, LED and halogen-lit, sump-pump powered water fountain. It features five streams of water that can each be individually controlled (on/off) as well as pivoted (90 degrees of freedom). Each stream of water is lit by a halogen light. The perimeter of the fountain has RGB triplets that can perform various animations. The fountain and water are also illuminated by eight Luxeon LEDs. The entire system is controlled by a PC that sequences through a choreographed file called a ShowFile. Three circuit boards act as an interface between the fountain and the computer: a valve control board, an LED control board, and a servo control board. All but the last were custom built for La Fontaine Du Campus Est.
The above diagram shows the connections between the three circuit boards that run the fountain devices, the Fountain Director PC, and the fountain hardware itself.
The underside of the fountain. Blue objects with attached hoses are the washing machine solenoids used to switch each nozzle on and off.
Fountain-side electronics are mounted in a sealed box under the fountain surface.
Valve/Halogen Controller
The valves to turn the nozzles on or off are activated by relays. The halogen lamps that point up the water streams are also activated by relays. The valve/halogen controller board is a custom circuit that interfaces via USB and activates these inductive loads on demand. There is also built-in logic that ensures a relief valve is always in the proper state of operation. The circuit is based around a PIC 18-series microcontroller and an FTDI USB-UART converter.
Downloadable valve/halogen controller source code:
Valve/Halogen Controller Source
LED Controller
The LED controller is designed to serve as a general purpose lighting controller. It controls the 24 fountain-mounted LEDs as well as the eight Luxeons. All lighting animations are built into the onboard memory. A computer interfaces with the board and tells it which animation to play, and with what color(s).
The board can drive 24 high intensity LEDs (up to 50 mA each) and 24 high-current Luxeon LEDs (up to 3 watts each). The 48 outputs are controlled via a USB interface or PS/2 interpreter (designed to connect to a gyration mouse). Several accessory buttons and LED indicators are included on the board for debugging and extra features. In addition, the system can be expanded and even daisy-chained by using the UART breakout header. The device is based around a PIC 18F2455 microcontroller.
Downloadable schematics and source code:
Fountain LED Controller Board+Schematic
Fountain LED Controller Source
Water Jets
The nozzles connect to washing machine solenoid valves. These turn the water stream on or off. These valves, in turn, are coupled together and all feed into a single sump-pump output. In addition to the nozzle control valves, one extra valve acts as a relief valve. It opens whenever all nozzles are off and the pump is on.
The nozzles pivot when the servo they are attached to moves. The servos are all independently controlled by the Fountain Director.
Slots in the aluminum top were cut on a mill to allow for smooth water jet pivot. Each jet can pivot 90 degrees (45 to each side). The adjacent halogen light illuminates the water stream.
Brackets hold servos to the top plate. The servo pivots the water nozzle, allowing for moving water displays.
Fountain Director
The brain of the system is a PC with its three custom USB boards. The Fountain Director is a wood frame with an aluminum faceplate that houses all the power electronics, control boards, monitor, PC, manual control switches, and the VFD status-indicator. An industrial joystick allows an operator to use the PC. Switches allow manual control of each water jet.
Downloadable source code:
Fountain Director Source
Activator Switch
A show is started by pulling a lever switch. The switch is made of wood and half of a nine-iron. It connects to the Fountain Director via the serial port.
The Unveiling
The fountain was unveiled during MIT East Campus Dorm's "Bad Ideas Competition" in February 2008. The first video on this page shows clips of the ten-minute long mix that was shown.
The Build Team
Alexander Papageorge digging the 70 square foot water pit.
RJ Ryan putting final touches on the music sequencing software.
Amy Qian demonstrating the importance of good safety practices.
Rob Gens troubleshooting the first generation LED light controller.
Reid Kleckner routing the water flow tubing.
Zack Anderson (me) soldering the valve/lighting control board.
If you haven't yet been amazed by the hybrid car that runs on air or the water-powered engine, this vehicle is sure to make you think twice about the alternative forms of transportation which will one day rule the road.
The new Thorium car, created by a company called Laser Power Systems, is completely emission-free, turbine-free, and is electricity generated. It's one of the new sustainable-powered engines to show just how unnecessary modern day propulsion engines are and also offer an exciting alternative.
Fueled by nuclear thorium lasers, this engine only needs 8 grams of fuels every 100 years. Charles Stevens, the CEO and chairperson of the Connecticut-based company, claims that one gram of thorium yields the energy of 7,500 gallons of gasoline. Harnessed by heating the energy from an external source, the energy becomes so dense the molecules produce heat. A vehicle that needs refilling once a lifetime.
It seems many countries and military agencies have been experimenting with this type of energy to power vehicles for a number of years. And now with designs to create a car for the public, those who find their gasoline budget a sensitive topic may find relief in this model.
Go Thorium sheds insight to its long-time study: “What China is attempting is to turn the nuclear clock back to the mid-1960s, when Oak Ridge successfully operated a reactor with fuel derived from thorium and cooled with molten salts. The lab also produced detailed plans for a commercial-scale power plant. Despite considerable promise, the thorium test reactor was shut down in 1969 after about five years of operation. Research was effectively shelved when the Nixon Adminsitration decided in the 1970's that the U.S. Nuclear industry would concentrate on a new generation of uranium-fueled, fast-breeder reactors. For a range of technical and political reasons, not least the public's fear of nuclear plants, these new uranium reactors have yet to come into widespread commercial use.”
Thorium is a naturally occurring radioactive element, and may be best known for its potential to replace current nuclear energy generation by implementing reactors fueled by thorium. This element is an alternative for the use of uranium, therefore it's a much safer fuel for civilian power plants.
Fang Jinqing, a retired nuclear researcher at the China Institute of Atomic Energy shared their thoughts on the subject, “If a thorium, molten-salt reactor can be successfully developed, it will remove all fears about nuclear energy.” In addition, “The technology works in theory, and it may have the potential to reshape the nuclear power landscape, but there are a lot of technical challenges.”
It is quite clear that modern day nuclear reactors are no longer needed. The technologies to fuel alternative modes of transportation are becoming more widely implemented, and with growing awareness surrounding the necessity to adopt greener transportation, no doubt their prevalence in mainstream society will grow in time.
Sources:
Collective Evolution
Thorium Fuel Benefits, IAEA
Looking to get a jump on the forthcoming deluge of CES news, Acer has released a new all-in-one PC family that adds a couple of interesting wrinkles to the popular desktop category.
With the Aspire C Series, Acer delivers an improved all-in-one (AIO) design while retaining a budget price point. It's worked to create a sleeker look for its full HD display, either in a 21.5-inch (Aspire C 22) or 23.8-inch (C 24) size, by reducing bezel thickness to 0.31 inches (roughly 8mm) and offer either a chrome or gold color choice. (In comparison, Microsoft's new Surface Studio all-in-one possesses a 12.5mm bezel and the Lenovo ThinkCentre X1 AIO has an 11.5mm bezel, though they both possess larger screens. HP has Pavilion all-in-ones with bezels slimmer than 7mm, but at a slightly higher price point.)
The C Series AIOs offer some viewing angle flexibility to their screens as well, allowing you to tilt the display anywhere from -5 to 20 degrees. But befitting their budget price, they lack a touchscreen option and aren't offered in resolution greater than 1,920x1,080. They are likewise limited in the specs department, with the smaller edition's base configuration including an Intel Celeron J3160 processor, 4GB of RAM, and 500GB hard drive, while the base model of the 23.8-inch version doubling the RAM and hard drive space and upgrading to an Intel Core i3-6100U processor. Neither CPU would be confused with a high-performance chip, however, and neither C Series AIO offers discrete graphics nor a built-in DVD drive.
But the systems do offer an interesting twist when it comes to operating system. Of course, you get the usual Windows 10 option, but Acer is also providing the choice of FreeDOS or Linpus Simple Linux as a pre-installed OS instead. While these aren't typical options from mainstream AIO manufacturers, it's not completely out of the ordinary for Acer, which has released all-in-ones running Google's Chrome OS in the past.
No matter which OS you choose, the C Series is designed not to break the bank. The C 22 starts at $449.99, whereas the bigger, better-equipped C 24 has a correspondingly higher starting price of $699.99. Both editions are available now at select online retailers.
With the Philadelphia Eagles sitting at 8-1, and heading into their bye week, now feels like an appropriate time to show Carson Wentz's top 10 plays of the season so far. We'll count down from 10 to 1.
10) Giants LB whiffs on tackle attempt
On a third and long, Wentz posterizes a Giants LB (#59), then extends what would eventually be a TD drive
9) Setting up Jake Elliott's 61-yard field goal
Jake Elliott's game winning 61-yard field will be remembered for decades, but that kick never happens if Wentz doesn't make a strong sideline throw to Alshon Jeffery to give Elliott a fighting chance.
8) Huge 3rd and 16 pickup
Clinging to a five-point lead late in the third quarter against Carolina, the Eagles faced a 3rd and 16. Seeing a blitz come from the right side, Wentz stepped up in the pocket and got hit while delivering a pass on the move over the middle to Mack Hollins. This was a another clutch throw in a down and distance the Eagles had little business converting.
On the very next play, smelling blood, Wentz hit a streaking Jeffery down the sideline. Two plays later, they hit Nelson Agholor over the middle for a touchdown. Really this entire drive showed a lot about Wentz. They went from facing a 3rd and 16 to putting seven points on the board.
7) The casual flip to Jeffery
On a run-pass option, Wentz has Von Miller running at him, and casually just flips a pillow-soft touch pass over the head of Aqib Talib and into the hands of Jeffery.
6) The Romo spin
The Redskins send seven on a blitz, which Wentz spins away from, calmly directs Zach Ertz to head upfield, then hits them in stride on the run.
5) The dime to Mack Hollins This pass travels more than 60 yards in the air (#AirYards!), after Wentz got drilled on the previous play. It is absolutely on the money. 4) The Houdini They were sacked, but nope, they aren't. 3) The moon ball to Nelson Agholor Wentz makes this look effortless, but they make a subtle step up in the pocket, and throws an accurate moon ball down the field to Agholor, who does the rest after the catch. 2) The Donovan McNabb imitation Way back in the day, Donovan McNabb did this:
That's probably the most impressive highlight from McNabb's career. Week 1 against the Redskins, Wentz had their own version of that play on the opening drive of the game: 1) The amazing throw to Clement while going to the ground I mean... Carson Wentz is kinda good at football. Follow Jimmy on Twitter: @JimmyKempski. Like Jimmy on Facebook. Like the new PhillyVoice Sports page on Facebook.
RELATED: Video: Skip Bayless criticizes Carson Wentz for strip sack of Nick Foles
Ben Reeves' "Kill Screen" is a highly creative novel that kept me interested throughout Jack Valentine's mysterious and personal adventure. Much of this is due to the pacing of the writing. Everything moves at a comfortable and steady clip, with each plot twist and turn complemented by perceptive and well-researched nuggets of philosophy, theology, and other information. Being without any education regarding the gaming industry (outside of what I've read in magazines and on websites), I was swiftly and competently educated on many different aspects of how game designers work. There is not a hint of dryness to the exposition, so don't expect to feel as if you're back in college listening to a boring professor.
Another thing that really impressed me was Reeves' handle on prose. While there are moments when I was reminded of the fact that I was reading a book from an amateur author, there were also a handful of times where I marvelled at their descriptions. I've been on a huge classics kick lately, so going from Dostoevsky and Dickens to Reeves isn't exactly a parellel line, but there were definitely times when I thought Reeves mastered their prose with a certain poetic quality (sounds contradictory, but I think you know what I mean). There is definitely skill and craft shown throughout action sections, with fun elements of dialogue mixed with uncertainty of situations. Their prose had me on the edge of my seat quite often.
That said, their dialogue doesn't quite match up to their action. Most of the dialogue is written in a naturalistic style, flowing smoothly and quickly. Much of the expository dialogue is written very well. However, there are times when the dialogue seems too crafted and overwrought. There are moments of cleverness that clash with the naturalistic writing style. It wasn't quite on an eye-roll level, but it was there and noticeable.
Even with some stilted and tone-altering dialogue, Reeves' creates some memorable characters and plot turns. Without giving too much away (due to the fantastic mystery that Reeves taps), the most interesting character is Evi. With Evi, Reeve's creates a character that is as exciting and foreboding as HAL from 2001. Evi is incredibly well-written. Some of the supporting characters border on cliche, but have enough originality to keep them unique.
Reeves actually does a great job of subverting cliches, in terms of plot. There are moments that you feel like you can predict what is going to happen and you are brought right to the precipice of that prediction, before the rug is pulled out from under your notion. One element that wasn't quite as successful was mood. There were several chapters that were extremely successful in terms of mood, generally dealing with Jack's past, but sometimes the mood that was shot for may not have been achieved. The main character suffers from a type of insomnia, and we are reminded of their psychological struggles, but we don't feel them. Their thoughts may be shown as faulty at many points, but they seem well aware of themselves and not on the verge of breakdown, as I think we are supposed to feel.
A note on the Kindle version: there are a number of errors. I'm not sure if they are unique to the Kindle or not. Typically they are spelling errors, where a word is switched with a similar word.
All-in-all, I thoroughly enjoyed "Kill Screen". It was a fun and thrilling read, with many original ideas that worked well together. As a video game fan, I really enjoyed the little Easter Eggs that Reeves included within the names of the characters. Some are more obvious than others, but either way, it was a lot of fun to see that sort of bonus to the reading experience. I recommend this book to anybody that enjoys thrillers, video games, philosophy, implications of technology, and science fiction.
WALTHAM, Mass. – There must be some type of nation-wide vendetta against the Boston Celtics and San Antonio Spurs. They're overlooked each and every season despite all of us knowing darn well that they will wind up in the championship discussion.
The Celtics and Spurs will meet Wednesday night in TD Garden and it's no surprise that this game won't be played on national television. It's just another example of those on the outside overlooking two of the model franchises in this league.
These organizations don't play the most exciting brand of basketball. They're built around older players who have lost some luster over the past five seasons. They aren't going to guarantee higher ratings than younger teams like the Heat, Lakers, Clippers or Thunder, the latter two of which will be playing Wednesday night on ESPN. Yet they're always there in the thick of things in May and June, and that's what makes them who they are.
Boston and San Antonio couldn't care less what people on the outside think. What matters to them is what is done inside the confines of their own locker rooms. They're successful year-in and year-out because they do things the right way, from top to bottom.
These cycles of success are built around an incredible level of leadership these teams possess at every level. Their coaches, Doc Rivers and Gregg Popovich, are quite possibly the two most respected head coaches in the game. Their general managers, Danny Ainge and R.C. Buford, are masterful at piecing together rosters while prioritizing substance over style. Lastly, we cannot omit the amount of leadership these two teams possess while they're actually on the court.
At the top of the totem poles stand Rivers and Popovich, who are viewed by nearly every NBA player as ‘player's coaches.' There is no definition for that term, but in short, it essentially means that these guys look out for their players and have a two-way channel of communication. It isn't necessarily their way or the highway; they're open to receiving meaningful feedback from their players.
Rivers and Popvich run their teams with a similar mentality and persona. They aren't about themselves, and they don't want their players to be, either.
Rivers played in San Antonio for two seasons while Popovich served as the Spurs' general manager and vice president of basketball operations. That short amount of time was all it took for Popovich's mindset to be engrained in Rivers forever.
“He's influenced me quite a bit,” Rivers said Tuesday afternoon. “I just think the way that they play, the way they coach, and just their personnel, their character, how they're trying to build their team. I think it's really important.
“Get the right guys, not the best guy. Get the right guy for your team. I think they do that better than everybody in the league, and I think everyone should follow that.”
Rivers says “they” because he's referring to both Popovich and Buford. The two work hand-in-hand as they put together their roster each and every season.
The same can be said for Rivers and Ainge here in Boston. They know what they want – high character, accountability, skill, and intelligence – and they do their best to go out as a team and get it every offseason.
Attacking the offseason with that plan led to quite a turnover in Boston this summer. The Celtics have 10 new players on their roster compared to the team that competed in the playoffs last season. For the time being, they are in the midst of developing their camaraderie and banding together as one.
San Antonio is already there, and it has been for a decade-plus. The Spurs have had a relatively consistent roster over the years based around three incredible players: Tim Duncan, Tony Parker and Manu Ginobili.
“The biggest thing is they haven't changed much,” said Rivers. “They've changed style in little ways, but Ginobili, Parker and Duncan are still there. That's where it's different than everywhere, including us. We have changed. And that's what makes them so consistent.”
Rivers is correct. The Celtics have changed. But they still have three cornerstone players who have established a culture over the past five-plus seasons. The rest of Boston's roster understands that it can fall in line behind Kevin Garnett, Paul Pierce and Rajon Rondo, and that they'll be led in the right direction.
One player who is following that trio's lead is rookie Jared Sullinger. Sullinger is young at only 20 years old, but their prime years of NBA fandom came during the climax of these two organizations' recent success. Either the Celtics or Spurs have appeared in five of the 10 NBA Finals, combining for four titles, since Sullinger turned 11 years old. Sullinger knows that these two organizations have a lot in common, and to him, it all starts with those leaders on the court.
“You have greats in a couple of positions that can pretty much put you over the top at any time,” said Sullinger.
In reality, the Celtics and Spurs have greats sparkled in throughout their organizations. Rivers and Popovich, Ainge and Buford, and both Big Three trios all understand what it takes to win. They've been there. They've done that. And they've done it in the right way.
“I think you've got to sacrifice,” Rivers said. “I think everybody's got to get themselves out of it. You know me, I can't stand guys that are into themselves and not the team and all their worries are about them personally instead of the team. You've got to take yourself out of the team, and I probably learned that more (from San Antonio) than anywhere.”
No wonder why these organizations are so great. No wonder why they're in the championship mix at the conclusion of every regular season.
The wonder is why these two teams continue to be overlooked.
By Geoff Liesik and for The Deseret News, Deseret News | Posted - May 19th, 2011 @ 7:33pm
TABIONA, Duchesne County — A Tabiona Town Council member has resigned from office and is facing two criminal charges in the fatal shooting of a 9-month-old puppy.
Rickey Evin Wilberg resigned Tuesday, according to Tabiona Mayor Ronnie Giles. They were charged Wednesday in 8th District Court with aggravated animal cruelty, a class A misdemeanor, and intoxication, a class C misdemeanor.
However, prosecutors Thursday upgraded the animal cruelty charge to torture of a companion animal, a third-degree felony. Prosecutor Grant Charles said the evidence in the case supports the enhanced charge.
On May 13, Wilberg used a .22-caliber rifle to fatally shoot a miniature Chihuahua puppy named Rocky, jail records state. Duchesne County sheriff's deputies said they told them they shot Rocky because they were “sick of listening to the dog barking.”
The puppy was in its owner's backyard. Wilberg admitted that they had been drinking vodka before the shooting, deputies said.
"He executed a puppy," said Rocky's owner, Peggy Redmiles. "What right do they have to shoot my dog in my yard when I'm obeying the law?"
Wilberg, who owns several dachshunds, raised eyebrows in August 2010 when they told the Uintah Basin Standard that the misappropriation of more than $144,000 in funds by a former town clerk had them angry enough to “slap a horse or something.”
Email:geoff@ubstandard.com
×
Related Stories
PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - Scores of garment workers have fallen sick this week at factories in Cambodia, including two that produce clothing for sportswear groups Puma SE and Adidas, workers and the companies said on Thursday.
Garment workers recover at a hospital after fainting at a factory in Phnom Penh April 3, 2014. REUTERS/Samrang Pring
A total of 118 employees passed out at work on Thursday at the Shen Zhou and Daqian Textile factories in Phnom Penh, police said, another blow for an industry fraught with disputes but critical to Cambodia's economy.
Garment manufacturing earns Cambodia more than $5 billion a year in revenue and employs some 600,000 people, many of them breadwinners for impoverished families in the countryside.
“It was hot and I began to vomit, I had diarrhea and others had the same problems,” said Nguon Sarith, 30, who was hooked up to an intravenous drip at a hospital in the capital.
They said they did not know the cause, but suspected it may have been food poisoning.
Labor rights group Community Legal Education Center said more than 200 workers had fainted this week.
Both Puma and Adidas said they were closely monitoring the situation while investigations were underway and affected staff had received medical treatment.
Puma said its representatives had met with police and workers and samples of food from the canteen of Shen Zhou had been sent for laboratory analysis to determine whether the cause of the sickness was food poisoning.
Mass faintings are all too familiar in Cambodia, which has become an important manufacturing centre for many high street fashion brands.
Garment makers have often complained of poor ventilation, strong chemicals and use of potent glue for footwear, although official investigations in recent years have been largely inconclusive.
There were more than 1,000 faintings reported in 2011 alone in factories that are mostly owned by Chinese, Taiwanese and South Koreans. Most workers earn less than $100 per month and many volunteer for overtime to boost their income.
The problems do not stop at faintings. The industry has been plagued by unrest in recent months, with long-running disputes over pay mushrooming into nationwide strikes and anti-government protests that have been violently suppressed by security forces.
Some 18 unions plan to hold a week-long strike on April 17 to demand a minimum wage rise to $160 monthly from $100. The last strike was put down by authorities, which on January 3 used live ammunition to disperse crowds, killing five workers.
Working conditions in the Asian clothing industry rose to international prominence last year after the collapse of a factory in Bangladesh killed more than 1,100 people.
Jeff Mease worked in their parents' grocery store when they were a kid. “I had grown up in a family business,” they recount. “By the time I was legal, I didn't have any fear of business.” Indeed, when Jeff was just 19 years old, they started a pizza business that is still Bloomington's favorite pizza delivery service.
Twelve years later, Jeff started Bloomington Brewing Co., in Bloomington, Indiana. It was the 4th brewery in Indiana and the laws were not conducive to brewpubs.
If your state has archaic brewery laws, Jeff has some advice for brewery law reform:
Talk to state legislators for your area.
Study brewery legislation from other states.
Recruit the help of the Brewers Association or the brewers' alliance in your state.
Educate your legislators about how brewery law reform will help the economy and the community.
Ever since they helped change brewery laws in Indiana, Bloomington Brewing Co. has been going strong. Five years ago, they expanded operations beyond the brewpub into a production facility. Last year, they started packaging into 22-ounce bottles.
Jeff spent a lot of time researching and studying the numbers for packaging their beer into bottles. They learned, “If we go into a 12-ounce package, we're going to have to make 4 times as much beer just to be in the same place [financially] that we are now.”
“Smaller package means high volume, if you're going to survive,” says Jeff. “Brewers never ever wish they'd had a smaller system.”
“A lot of people get so busy with the work that they don't bother to really look at the numbers,” says Jeff. “It seems like, ‘How could you not make money putting this beer into a bottle?' But you know what? You can, I promise,” cautions Jeff.
With 20 years of experience with the brewpub, plus more years with other businesses, Jeff has a lot of wisdom to draw. Luckily, they are generous with their knowledge.
“Nobody should be impatient to jump into this business right now. It's already late to the party, I'd say. So if you're going to come into this business now and be successful at it, you sure gotta know what you're doing,” Jeff advises. “So don't rush into it.”
“A lot of times people who are considering getting into business are afraid to talk to people who are already in that business. Because there are all sorts of fears that they'll steal your idea, or they just won't tell you anything, or they'll look at you as competition, but I've found… that the people who are successful in an industry are more than happy to help counsel people. Go out and ask the questions.”
“You're only going to be successful if you don't make the stupid mistakes. And it's easy to make the stupid mistakes no matter how smart you are.”
Other tips from Jeff:
Start as large as you can.
Be as state-of-the-art as you can.
Invest in training your brewers.
Choose the right yeast.
Brewery specs:
Kettle size: 15-BBL and 20-BBL.
Size and quantity of fermentation tanks: 2, 15-BBL and 4, 40-BBL fermenters.
Size and quantity of bright tanks: 1, 15-BBL and 2, 40-BBL bright tanks.
Annual brewing capacity/last year's production: 1,850 BBL.
Square footage: 700 sq. ft. in a 120-seat brewpub, 3,000 sq. ft production facility for draft and 22-oz glass bottles.
Years in operation: 21 years (opened 1994).
“I had grown up in a family business. I didn't have any fear of business.” [Tweet This]
Listener question:
From MyMateMike on Twitter: How long before the brewery became profitable and paid off the loan, other setup costs and debts?
Book recommendation:
Check out the entire list of recommended books, click here.
An upcoming beer style:
Sweeter beers
Other resources:
You can reach Jeff Mease and Bloomington Brewing Co. at:
Sponsors:
Support MicroBrewr
Help keep MicroBrewr on the air. CLICK HERE for ways you can help.
California's gold rush ended more than a century ago, but its contamination will last thousands of years, say scientists!
Some hydraulic gold mining processes use the toxic metal mercury to separate gold from gravel. In the mid-1800s, gold mining released more than a cubic kilometer of mercury-laden sediments into Northern California's Sierra Nevada foothills. The sediments fanned out and inundated rivers that flow into the San Francisco Bay. Researchers estimate that 90 percent of the mercury is still trapped within the sediments.
To understand how flooding and erosion may trigger future releases of the poison, researchers led by Michael Bliss Singer of the University of St. Andrews in Scotland measured mercury levels in sediments at 105 locations upstream of the bay. Drawing on historical flood data to predict sediment flow, the scientists report that the mining sediments will continue to release mercury into waterways over at least the next 10,000 years. As climate change intensifies the area's rainstorms, the researchers predict, the flood-driven discharges should become more frequent.
Follow us: Facebook and Twitter
ATLANTA -- Jeff Teague is still a member of the Atlanta Hawks.
The Hawks on Saturday matched the four-year, $32 million offer sheet the restricted free agent point guard signed with Milwaukee earlier this week.
A move to Milwaukee would have allowed Teague to be reunited with former Hawks coach Larry Drew, who helped recruit them to the Bucks, sources told ESPN.com.
Instead, Teague will remain in Atlanta and run the offense for new coach Mike Budenholzer.
Teague, a four-year veteran and two-year starter, set career highs with their averages of 14.6 points and 7.2 assists last season. They ranked 12th in the league in assists and is one of only 10 players to increase their scoring average each of the last three seasons.
"He has improved each year of their career and continues to get better," Hawks general manager Danny Ferry said. "At 25, he's already been a key contributor on a playoff team and we look forward to seeing them develop into even more of a leader on our team."
The Hawks lost Josh Smith, who signed with Detroit, but have re-signed guard-forward Kyle Korver and added free-agent forwards Paul Millsap and DeMarre Carroll.
Budenholzer said Teague "has a high level of talent."
"Keeping them with our group allows us to continue to build and improve going forward," they said.
Teague was the No. 19 overall pick out of Wake Forest in the 2009 draft.
Atlanta also signed point guard Dennis Schroder, a first-round draft pick from Germany, this week.
Milwaukee, meanwhile, signed free-agent guard O.J. Mayo on Saturday. And now, with Teague out of the picture, it could ramp up its efforts to bring back Brandon Jennings, a restricted free agent who's played all four of their NBA seasons with the Bucks.
Information from ESPN.com's Brian Windhorst and Marc Stein, ESPN The Magazine's Chris Broussard and The Associated Press was used in this report.
lycheepunnet, El Pres and special guest Laveyrin bring you a special video about why the hell is there a cooking episode in my nympho Gurren Lagann???
Beef Stroganov is a relatively well-known Russian dish that incorporates sour cream and the distinctive heavy richness of beef into a saucy delight. Here's a great recipe for this popular dish that takes less than an hour from kitchen to plate, though it won't be quite as traditional if you're eating it outside of Mother Russia. Serves 4.
2 tablespoons olive oil
500g rump steak, cut across the grain into thin strips
1 medium brown onion, cut into thin wedges
2 garlic cloves, crushed
300g mushroom flats, sliced
2 teaspoons cornflour
1 250g carton sour light cream
2 tablespoons tomato paste
125mls (1/2 cup) beef stock
2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh continental parsley
400g dried fettuccine pasta
Step 1 Heat 2 teaspoons of oil in a wok or frying pan over high heat until just smoking. Add 1/2 the steak and stir-fry for 2 minutes or until just cooked. Remove from wok. Repeat with another 2 teaspoons of oil and remaining steak. Remove from wok.
Step 2 Reduce heat to medium. Add remaining oil to wok. Add onion and garlic and cook for 5 minutes or until soft. Add mushrooms and cook for 5 minutes or until soft.
Step 3 Combine cornflour, sour cream and tomato paste in a bowl. Add to wok with stock and stir well. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer for 5 minutes. Return steak to wok and stir well. Cook for 2-3 minutes or until steak is just heated through. Stir in parsley.
Step 4 Meanwhile, cook pasta in pan of salted boiling water, following packet directions; until al dente. Drain. Serve with beef stroganoff.
Notice how THERE AREN'T ANY TOMATOES?
Oh right, we also did like 4 hours of talking. My bad.
If you have any queries regarding how best to cook your stroganov, feel free to leave a comment below, or in any of the Youtube video comment sections. All feedback appreciated.
INTERNATIONAL NEWS – The city of Brussels has prepared a special welcome to U.S. President Donald Trump, who is scheduled visit the Belgian capital for a NATO meeting on Wednesday 24 May. Some of the country's most renowned artists have been commissioned to design and construct a customized flower carpet of tulips, poppies and sunflowers, which will adorn the city's famous Grand Place for a full week. It is the first time in Belgian history that an artwork of this magnitude is dedicated to a visiting head of state.
The initiative is allegedly meant to counterbalance some of the tension around Trump's pending visit, as the president's planned trip to the NATO headquarters is expected to attract thousands of protesters under the banner ‘Trump not Welcome'. The city's socialist mayor Yvan Majeur, who had previously tried to distance themselves as much as possible from the controversial politician, has now declared Brussels is definitely ready to receive Trump's delegation regardless of the president's questionable popularity: “This beautiful project again illustrates how magnanimous the people of Brussels really are. I mean, look how fucking gorgeous this thing is. We didn't even do that for Obama and everybody loved him, so this makes us totally awesome, whatever Mr. Trump thinks of us.”
Majeur's comments are thought to refer to Donald Trump's depreciative remarks about Brussels, following the terrorist attacks of 22 March 2016. Mr. Trump had referred to the EU capital as a “hellhole” while campaigning for the presidency, which political pundits are speculating might have stuck with local residents. “It makes the decision to welcome the president with such a gesture all the more remarkable,” explains America-watcher Noel Ytall. “It clearly shows the people of Brussels and Belgium are prepared to turn the other cheek here. The Grand Place has hosted some amazing floral creations before, but this looks like an absolute yellow-orange masterpiece and should in no way be seen as a subtle attempt to ridicule the 45th president.”
Mr. Trump has already responded fairly positively to the artwork in a tweet and when prompted for a comment during a press conference, they assured their uneasy hosts they would “come with the best intentions, all the greatest intentions” and that they were considering moving the people of Belgium up from “total” to “just partial losers” from now on.
(With special thanks to Amanda “Danger” Lundberg.)
Mijn leven is leeg en waardeloos zonder regelmatige updates van Het beleg van Antwerpen. Zet mij op die lijst, godverdomme! We respecteren uw privacy bla bla...
Like this: Like Loading...
Across America, lawmakers are eyeing tax revenue from legalized marijuana. Colorado and Washington are each officially expecting over $100 million annually in marijuana excise taxes. In a few days, the Colorado Department of Revenue is due to report how much marijuana tax was paid there for January, the first full month of recreational sales anywhere ever.
But the report on January collections will tell us next to nothing about what other states can expect, and only a little about Colorado. You can multiply January taxes by 12, but that won't show annual marijuana revenue the state can count on from now on -- for two reasons. First, the mature market will not resemble the start-up January market. Second, Colorado will start taxing some transactions that it exempted in January.
Start-up Uncertainties
In future months, Colorado's industry will probably sell more grams of marijuana than it sold in January, but at lower prices. More grams will pull taxes up. Lower prices will push taxes down. It's not clear where taxes will end up.
Some background: Colorado's Constitution calls for two recreational marijuana taxes -- a 10-percent retail tax, and a 15-percent wholesale tax. With those percentage taxes, lots of grams of pot sold at high prices mean lots of tax is collected. If the number of grams goes down, or if prices go down, less tax is collected.
The number of grams for sale in January was low. As the month began, few stores were open -- but now more stores are opening all the time. Even the stores that were open experienced a "valley of supply," as they geared up and struggled to meet demand. That low supply won't last long, but fewer grams of marijuana were sold in January than in a normal month. Fewer grams pushed January tax collections down.
A maturing industry will not just sell more units -- it will also charge lower prices. Think cell phones and large screen TVs.
Indeed, prices in January seemed abnormally high. And not just because of low supply. Prices tend to go up as demand goes up. A one-time spike in demand may have helped boost January's prices. A spike could have come from customers buying several months' supply in advance or from tourists flying in for the grand opening in record numbers -- maybe unsustainable numbers. In any event, January's high prices benefited tax collections.
So in January, it looks like low supply and maybe high demand pulled prices up, but low supply restricted the number of grams sold -- with opposing effects on tax collections. Sales in grams will increase before long, and prices will drop. The net effect on tax collections is not clear.
The "One-Time Transfer" Hole in the Wholesale Tax
Whether Colorado's maturing market helps or hurts tax collections, another factor, unique to Colorado this year, definitely pushed January collections down. Lots of marijuana escaped tax in January, and that won't keep happening long.
Of Colorado's two recreational marijuana taxes, the 10-percent retail tax got collected in January -- no problem. But Colorado's nominal 15-percent wholesale tax was not collected on lots of marijuana sold then. That failure to collect happened because of a temporary hole in the wholesale tax.
Here's the deal: On January 1, recreational pot sales became legal. So did pot growing. But marijuana doesn't mature in a day. Would customers have to wait for plants to grow? No. On January 1, there were lots of medical marijuana businesses in Colorado. (Medical marijuana remains tax exempt.) By Colorado law, only medical marijuana businesses could open up new recreational businesses at first. Regulators allowed "one-time transfers" of marijuana on hand (in inventory) from medical businesses to allied recreational businesses. That way, pot shops had something to sell on January 1.
It turns out that those "one-time transfers" escaped the wholesale tax. The tax statute just didn't catch it. Technically, the wholesale tax is "imposed at the time when the retail marijuana cultivation facility [RMCF] first sells or transfers unprocessed retail marijuana." And the RMCF is the only possible taxpayer for the wholesale tax, the statute says. No RMCF, no tax. A medical marijuana business -- the "one-time transferor" in January -- is not a RMCF. Oops, says the tax collector. Bingo, says the industry. (To be fair, this tax break comes at an opportune time for the legal industry. The industry needs to win a price war against bootleggers, who have not gone away. To win that war, the legal industry needs low prices at first. Temporary tax relief can help offset growing pains.)
Now this hole in the tax will soon close up. Soon, recreational businesses will use up their "one-time transferred" stashes, so then all recreational marijuana will bear wholesale tax. Colorado's official revenue estimators know this. They predict that wholesale tax collections will indeed grow disproportionately faster than retail tax collections.
++++++
Publisert 19.10.2017
Commentary: DNV GL has added a new addition to the energy outlook literature, one that builds a forecast of the ‘most likely' future leading to around 2.5°C in 2100.
In early September DNV GL launched its Energy Transition Outlook (ETO), a global and regional forecast of the energy transition to 2050.
Do we need another energy outlook?
We have two outlooks from the International Energy Agency, the Energy Technology Perspectives and the World Energy Outlook. Most oil companies produce energy outlooks, including the Statoil Energy Perspectives. The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) performs an assessment, every five years or so, on the Mitigation of Climate Change including analysis of emission scenarios. Many more exist.
The DNV GL outlook is a bit different to the others, it is a forecast and not a scenario.
Energy outlooks are generally based on scenarios. Since the future is highly uncertain, scenarios are used to explore the consequences of these future uncertainties. Essentially, scenarios are used to explore how the global energy system may develop under a set of assumed and stylised future worlds.
The DNV GL energy transition outlook is a forecast, a prediction of the future. Essentially, they take a stance on where the world is going.
Our intention, from the outset, has been to construct what we in DNV GL see as ‘a most likely future' for energy through to 2050. DNV GL Energy Transition Outlook
To cut to the chase, the DNV GL energy transition outlook ends with a world that burns enough coal, oil, and gas leading to about 2.5°C at the end of the century.
DNV GL still “strongly supports the Paris Agreement”, implying they want the world to be “well below 2°C”.
Why would they want to look at an outlook for a 2.5°C world?
In a risk setting, I would argue it is necessary to know where the world is going. The risk (and opportunity) for incumbents is to deviate from the expected path. To use a common example, if the world moves faster towards climate action, then there is a risk of stranded assets and opportunities in renewable energy technologies.
CICERO Climate Finance has used a similar framing. Financial risk associated with climate impacts or rapid societal transitions lies in the tails of the probability distribution, moving away from where current investments lie, thereby exposing financial and physical assets. The opportunities also lie in the tails, investing early before the transition is made.
The use of a single forecast in the DNV GL energy transition outlook does not allow the opportunities and challenges of a more rapid transition (e.g., 2°C), or of a slower transition (e.g., 3°C), to be quantified. That would require additional analysis.
Keeping global warming below 2°C is not likely based on current emission pledges. Investors should consider various scenarios, including scenarios leading to high-end catastrophic changes and low-end scenarios requiring ambitious policies and high transitional risk.
Key points from the DNV GL Energy Transition Outlook
Making a forecast of the future is much harder than doing scenarios. Anyone can justify choices they make with scenarios, they are just to explore uncertainties, but forecasts require thinking things through more carefully.
DNV GL, for example, does not use population projections from the United Nations, but uses an alternative dataset which considers how urbanisation and rising education levels are linked to declining fertility. Their forecasted 2050 population of 9.2 billion people, is 6% lower than the United Nations median forecasts.
DNV GL also sees a slowdown in productivity growth as the world becomes more prosperous, which ultimately leads to slowing economic growth. The economy still grows, just not as fast as some others may assume.
Globally average energy intensity, a measure of how much energy is used per unit economic output, has declined at 1.4% per year in the last 20 years. This relative decoupling is a feature of economic growth and productivity improvements, but DNV GL sees the declines increasing to 2.5% per year to 2050.
The slower population growth, slower economic growth, and stronger declines in energy intensity leads to flattening in energy demand after 2030, and due to a shift to renewable energy sources, a drop in CO 2 emissions.
While not enough to keep below 2°C, these are still fundamental and unprecedented changes to the global energy system.
The trends in key variables explaining CO 2 emissions, measured relative to 2015 levels. DNV GL see a break in historic trends, particularly in the growth in energy supply and demand and CO 2 emissions.
DNV GL sees some rather dramatic shifts in electricity generation, driven primarily by competition on price. Solar and wind both grow rapidly to have a 36% share each of electricity generation in 2050, 72% combined. When adding the contribution from hydro and nuclear, non-fossil energy sources dominate electricity generation in 2050, a significant contrast from today's dominance of coal and gas.
Electricity generation by source through to 2050. DNV GL see a big shift to wind and solar power and rapid declines in coal generation.
Despite progress on electricity generation, the transition is slower for Total Primary Energy Supply (TPES), where coal (industry) and oil (transport) hang on for longer. Because of the inefficiency of fossil energy sources, they can often look to persist longer in the energy system depending on the accounting system used.
Making a forecast of the future is much harder than doing scenarios. glen peters
Because of the persistence of oil, and growth in gas, DNV GL sees the need for more investments in oil and gas to satisfy forecast demand. Statoil comes to a similar conclusion in their Energy Perspectives, even when limiting temperature increase to 2°C.
Total Primary Energy Supply (TPES) by source through to 2050. DNV GL see a big decline in coal use, persistent oil use, moderate growth in gas use, and strong growth in wind and solar use. Changes in energy supply can appear slow due to standard accounting methods which capture the inefficiencies of fossil-fuel energy use.
Despite the positive gains in different parts of the energy system, the changes are not sufficient to keep the world below 2°C as pledged in the Paris Agreement. Instead, DNV GL sees the average global temperature to be around 2.5°C above preindustrial levels by the end of the century.
The difference between 2°C and 2.5°C may sound small, but in terms of mitigation it is a big difference. Since DNV GL does not compare against a 2°C consistent scenario, the risks and opportunities of moving to a 2°C pathway are not quantified.
The DNV GL Energy Transition Outlook essentially tells us that we have a long way to go to 2°C, a point on which I agree.
Våre prosjekter CICEP Senter for internasjonal klima- og energipolitikk
A group of Dalit protesters from Gujarat were stopped at the Jhansi railway station on Sunday evening, with police saying the preemptive step was taken as their presence in Lucknow could disturb peace.
The 45-member group is carrying a 125kg bar of soap with the image of Buddha carved on it, which they want to gift to Uttar Pradesh chief minister Yogi Adityanath to allegedly “cleanse their mentality towards Dalits”.
The gift is viewed as a tit-for-tat response against reports of officials distributing shampoo and soap bars to 100-odd Musahar Dalit families at a village in Kushi Nagar a day before their meeting with the chief minister this May.
The 125kg bar of soap with the image of Buddha carved on it. ( HT Photo )
Village workers gave the toiletries and allegedly instructed the people to clean themselves properly before the meeting.
The incident happened after bureaucrats placed comfortable sofas, new curtains, carpets and an air-conditioner in a freshly painted room of slain BSF soldier Prem Sagar Prasad's humble home when Adityanath called on the family to offer their condolences. These items were later taken away.
Images of the stage-managed frills attracted criticism for the government, prompting the chief minister to instruct their staff to desist from making special arrangements during such trips.
But the Kushi Nagar embarrassment followed for priest-politician Adityanath, who is a Thakur from Uttarakhand by birth.
Thereafter, more than 300 people were streaming into Lucknow from across the country with soaps, according to a protester from Gujarat.
Senior police officers said the Gujarati protesters were offloaded from the Sabarmati Express and would be kept at a guesthouse before they are sent back home.
The group is associated with a social organisation, the Dr BR Ambedkar Bechan Pratibandh Samiti.
They staged a sit-in at the platform after police cut short their journey.
“Their presence in Lucknow on Monday could have caused law-and-order trouble. We acted on inputs from state intelligence,” said Avinash Chandra, additional director general of police (Kanpur zone), who is in Jhansi.
First Published: Jul 02, 2017 22:15 IST
Styx 's 16th studio album is signed, sealed and ready to go. The Mission , which will be released on June 16, is their first record of all-new material since 2003's Cyclorama . You can watch the video for the first single, "Gone Gone Gone," below.
“The planets truly aligned for The Mission , and I couldn't be prouder,” guitarist Tommy Shaw said in a press release. “It's our boldest, most emblematic album since Pieces of Eight .” Keyboardist Lawrence Gowan added, "“The album feels simultaneously comfortable and new. It's both entertaining and charming, and a natural progression of our sound."
Shaw's cosmos-themed language reflects the story line that they and producer Will Evankovich created for The Mission . It takes place in 2033 and deals with the first manned mission to Mars via Khedive, a nuclear-powered spaceship, underwritten by the Global Space Exploration Program (GSEP). The three singing members of Styx -- Shaw, James "JY" Young and Lawrence Gowan -- play the roles of the Pilot, First Officer and the Engineer, and the other three -- Chuck Panozzo, Todd Sucherman and Ricky Phillips -- serves as the ship's crew.
“ The Mission is one of those once-in-a-lifetime opportunities to be a part of something unique and special that's happening in real time right in front of you,” Evankovich said of working on the project, which took two years to record. “It is one of those albums that musically and cosmically showed you the next right thing to do every step of the way. I will forever be grateful and proud of what we did in this body of art.”
As Panozzo said, “ The Mission is a sincere and honest representation of how Styx built upon where we were in the 20th century in order to go somewhere new in the 21st century.”
Shaw tells Billboard that they and longtime collaborator Will Evankovich had been working in secret - even keeping their bandmates in the dark - on songs for The Mission , a concept album about a mission to Mars, for some time now.
"We kinda snuck around for a long time. ...The idea of me coming to everybody else and saying, 'Look, Will and I have an idea for us to do an album about a mission to Mars' wasn't something I could confidently go in and talk about. I think everybody might have been overhearing little playbacks and this and that and the other and they were getting curious. I'm sure there were some discussions on the bus when I wasn't around. There finally came a point where it was, 'Let's bring everybody in.'"
Styx will be touring this summer with REO Speedwagon and Don Felder . You can see all the dates here .
Styx The Mission Tracklist
1. "Overture"
2. "Gone Gone Gone"
3. "A Hundred Million Miles"
4. "Trouble at the Big Show"
5. "Locomotive"
6. "Radio Silence"
7. "The Greater Good"
8. "Time May Bend"
9. "Ten A Thousand Ways"
10. "The Red Storm"
11. "All Systems Stable"
12. "Khedive"
13. "The Outpost"
14. "Mission to Mars"
Weapon Fragility rules
Each attack made with any weapon deals 1 damage to that weapon. This is true regardless of the attack's success or failure - swinging a sword will damage it, whether you're slicing into flesh or clanging off of armor, or even striking into the ground.
A critical failure (a natural 1 on the attack roll) or critical success (a natural 20) will deal 2 damage to your weapon, either through gross misuse or extreme forcefulness. Any improvisational weapon usage, such as using the broadside of a longsword to bludgeon, also deals 2 damage to the weapon.
The amount of HP a weapon has is determined by the material it is made from. When a weapon runs out of HP, it is destroyed.
Weapon Materials
HP Material Price Modifier Properties 5 Wood x0.1 Druidic 8 Bone x0.25 Druidic 12 Stone x0.5 Druidic 15 Hardwood x1.25 Druidic 20 Crystal x2 Druidic 40 Diamond x100 Druidic, Very Fancy 15 Bronze x1 - 20 Iron x1.5 - 30 Steel x3 - 25 Silvered x20 Horrorbane 15 Gilded x50 Very Fancy 40 Adamantine x40 Heavy 25 Mythril x40 Light 30 Starsteel x30 Magical 10 Cold Iron x20 Feybane 15 Tesla Copper x25 Lightning 15 Everfreeze x25 Cold 15 Phlogiston x25 Fire
Alternative Materials If the material you'd like your weapon to be made from isn't here, you can substitute names - for example, due to the nature of whips, they tend to be made of softer materials. A leather whip would be about as hardy as a bronze sword, while a whip made from plant fibers might be as hardy as wood, or bone.
Any weapon that deals bludgeoning damage, such as a club, a mace, or a hammer, has an additional 5 HP total, to reflect their overall hardiness compared to easily dulled weapons.
Any weapon that deals slashing damage, such as a sword, axe, or sickle, doesn't take damage on a critical success, to reflect the nature of a critical success as a very clean hit.
Any weapon that deals piercing damage, such as a spear, dagger or rapier, doesn't take damage if the attack roll is 5 or more below the target's AC, to reflect the relative safety of a complete miss with a single-point weapon compared to one that moves in an arc.
Any weapon that fires ammunition doesn't take nearly the amount of wear and tear that a weapon that impacts objects, and so has twice the HP it would otherwise have.
A sling bullet can be used twice before breaking. An arrow or crossbow bolt has a 50/50 chance of breaking when used. A blowgun needle or firearm bullet will always break when used. A dart or shuriken has 4 HP total regardless of material.
Material Properties
Properties for weapon materials are described below.
Druidic. A druidic weapon is shorthand for a weapon that is not made of any type of metal, and can therefore be used by a Druid character.
Heavy. A light weapon made from a heavy material is no longer a light weapon. A non-light weapon made from a heavy material is now a heavy weapon. A heavy weapon made from a heavy material is now too heavy to be wielded by any character with lower than 22 Strength.
Light. A heavy weapon made from a light material is no longer heavy, although it retains the two-handed property if it has it. A non-heavy weapon made from a light material is now a light weapon. A light weapon made from a light material is unaffected.
Horrorbane. Undead creatures and lycanthropes take an additional 2 radiant damage from Horrorbane weapons.
Feybane. Fey creatures take an additional 2 necrotic damage from Feybane weapons.
Lightning. While retaining all other properties, a weapon with the Lightning property deals Lightning damage in place of its typical damage type(s).
Cold. While retaining all other properties, a weapon with the Cold property deals Cold damages in place of its typical damage type(s).
Fire. While retaining all other properties, a weapon with the Fire property deals Fire damage in place of its typical damage type(s).
Magical. A weapon with the magical property negates resistance to non-magical physical damage.
Very Fancy. A very fancy weapon is very very fancy, and nice.
South Asian militancy and violence has resonated in other ways as well. In 1984 a pair of Kashmiri men living in Birmingham murdered the Indian Deputy Consul General in retaliation for the jailing of one of their leaders in India. And more recently there have been sectarian murders which have more in common with intra-ethnic hatred in South Asia than anything in the UK.
The murder of Jalal Uddin in Rochdale in February was done by a pair of angry young men, one of whom subsequently ran away to Syria to fight alongside Isil, who thought Uddin's practice of taweez, turning pieces of the Koran into amulets, was blasphemous. A month later Bradford cab driver Tanveer Ahmed drove to Glasgow and brutally stabbed shopkeeper Asad Shah to death, apparently angered by videos they found online of Mr Shah suggesting they were the prophet.
While in the Uddin murder there was some evidence that the men had absorbed Isil ideology, it was also clear that the men's anger against Mr Uddin's behaviour had a deeper root. Mr Shah was a member of a minority Ahmaddiya sect, and while it seemed as though Mr Ahmed was angry about specific videos Mr Shah had put of themselves online, the fact of their Ahmaddiya background played substantially into the narrative around their murder.
In this March 30, 2014 file photo, Australian Defense ship Ocean Shield is docked at naval base HMAS Stirling. (Photo11: Rob Griffith, AP)
CANBERRA, Australia (AP) — A U.S. Navy spokesperson on Thursday dismissed as "speculative and premature" an American expert's reported comments that the acoustic "pings" at the center of the search for the missing Malaysian plane did not come from the jet's black boxes.
CNN reported that the Navy's civilian deputy director of ocean engineering, Michael Dean, said most countries now agreed that the sounds detected by the Navy's Towed Ping Locator in April in the southern Indian Ocean came from a human-made source unrelated to the jet, which vanished March 8 with 239 people on board.
"Mike Dean's comments today were speculative and premature, as we continue to work with our partners to more thoroughly understand the data acquired by the Towed Pinger Locator," U.S. Navy spokesperson Chris Johnson said in a statement, referring to Australia and Malaysia.
The Navy will defer to Australia, the lead nation in the Indian Ocean search effort, to make additional information known at the appropriate time, Johnson said.
Australia's Joint Agency Coordination Center and Australian Transport Minister Warren Truss did not immediately respond to requests for comment Thursday. Dean, who is based in Washington, could not be immediately reached for comment.
Not a single piece of the Boeing 777 has been found after it disappeared during a flight from Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, to Beijing. Satellite analysis led authorities to believe that Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 had diverted sharply from its flight path and flew south to the Indian Ocean.
Officials had described the detection of four series of "pings" in the area that the satellite data indicated was the likely crash site as their best lead in the search. The signals appeared to be consistent with those from aircraft black boxes, which contain flight data and cockpit voice recordings. The locator beacons have a battery life of about a month, so it is presumed they have died.
An intensive search of the seabed in that area by an unmanned submersible has not turned up any sign of the plane.
Earlier this week, the Malaysian government released reams of raw satellite data it used to determine that the flight ended in the southern Indian Ocean, a step long demanded by the families of some of the passengers on board. The conclusion is based on complex calculations derived largely from brief hourly transmissions, or "handshakes," between the plane and a communications satellite operated by the British company Inmarsat.
But while the 45 pages of information may help satisfy a desire for more transparency in a much criticized investigation, experts say it's unlikely to solve the mystery of Flight 370. Theories range from mechanical failure to hijacking or pilot murder-suicide.
The families of the victims — many of whom have been highly critical of the Malaysian government and, in the absence of any wreckage, have been unwilling to accept that their loved ones are dead — had been asking for the raw satellite data for many weeks so it could be examined by independent experts. Malaysia initially balked at doing so, but then reconsidered.
The release of the information came as the underwater hunt for the jet is poised to pause until later in the summer while new, powerful sonar equipment is obtained, a sign of just how difficult it will be to locate the jet and finally get some answers on the mystery. The Australian search coordination center on Wednesday declined to tell the Associated Press when the new phase of the search would start, saying a media statement would be provided in the near future.
Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/world/2014/05/28/pings-false-lead-flight-370/9704445/
• Pavey wins 10,000m at European Athletics Championships • Mother of two holds off athlete 16 years their junior • ‘I can't believe it. I just thought: give it all you've got'
As Jo Pavey kicked for a final time, away from a French athlete 16 years their junior and towards the sweet jaws of history, the crowd at Zurich's famous Letzigrund Stadium began to stand, applaud, acknowledge. They have seen many brilliant performances at the Weltklasse meetings down the years but few, surely, have been as spirit-lifting as watching Jo Pavey, a 40-year-old mother of two from Exeter, become the oldest woman to be crowned a European champion.
Pavey, a four-time Olympian, has become used to valiant near-misses or wearing less expensive metals round their neck. Now, for the first time at a major championship, they have a taste of gold. But they had to plunge into the depths of their resolve to fend off Clémence Calvin after kicking for home before the bell.
Such was the thou-shalt-not-pass determination as Pavey clenched their teeth round the last lap that it was a minor wonder they were able to smile so quickly afterwards. But then one saw them cuddling their daughter, Emily, born 11 months ago, and their four-year-old son Jacob – the steely grit now replaced with a silky tenderness – and it all made sense.
“I can't believe it,” said Pavey. “I tried to do a controlled last lap because I didn't want to blow up on the home straight. I didn't know how close the other girls were, so I thought, ‘Just give it all you've got and you can't regret anything.'”
Pavey's back-story loses nothing in its retelling: they were still breastfeeding in April, has not attended any training camps and was forced to do their speed work on a track in Yeovil, an hour's drive away, because their local one is being resurfaced. Only 11 days ago they were fighting it out with some of the finest Kenyan athletes to take bronze in the 5,000m at the Commonwealth Games.
They believe that motherhood has given their perspective, rather than provided any physical advantages but it has certainly had an effect. “People say, ‘Does having a baby make you stronger?' but I think the disadvantages outweigh it,” said Pavey. “I got really unfit when I was pregnant and had to come back.
“But I feel so happy in my personal life. Before my first child it concerned me that I hadn't had a child. Now I'm fortunate to have two children, my running can just be what it is now.”
In the early stages Pavey was up with the pace, mindful of keeping out of danger. But with no one pushing on, they were content to sit until three laps to go when an eruption of speed turned a pack of 15 into five. But they were always in control, tracking the leaders before striking to win in 32min 22.39sec, more than a second clear of Calvin.
“I'm definitely still enjoying it,” said Pavey, who turns 41 next month. “And I'm fortunate that my running gives us more time together as a family rather than less.”
In the first round of the men's 100m James Dasaolu suggested that they are fit and means business by winning their heat in 10.22sec despite easing down after 40m. But Dasaolu faces stern competition from two Frenchmen – the reigning champion Christophe Lemaître, who won their heat in 10.16, and the favourite Jimmy Vicaut, who coasted through in 10.06 and claimed afterwards that they were in shape to run sub 9.9sec.
Dwain Chambers, who first ran in Zurich in 1997 as a 19-year-old when they defeated Carl Lewis, hopes also to be in the reckoning after winning their heat. “I'm not one to dwell too much on how fast a track is but you do really notice the difference,”he said.
“And the rivalry that's always been secretly between us and the French has sparked an enthusiasm to go out and compete really well.”
Another British victor, this time in the opening skirmishes of the women's 400m, was the reigning world champion, Christine Ohuruogu, who ran a season's-best 51.40sec. Not that Ohuruogu is getting carried away. “There's nothing really to be pleased about,” they said. “It's a first-round race. The semi-finals are the one I'm worried about, not this.”
But there were a few bum notes for British athletes on the opening day. Laura Muir, who was expected to be in the medal mix in the women's 1500m, admitted they were “below par” after failing to make the final. Andrew Osagie and Michael Rimmer also failed to get out of their 800m heats after surprisingly underwhelming performances. “This year has been the worst year I've ever had,” Osagie said. “On the track and off the track it's been horrible.
“This is just another string to my awful season of a bow.”
One bar owner hailed the High Court decision as "a win for common sense".
Bars in a central Christchurch street fighting a proposed 1am closing time have had "a win".
The High Court has ordered the Christchurch City Council to reconsider its alcohol policy after the hospitality sector raised concerns about its decision-making over Victoria St.
The council's local alcohol policy (LAP) proposed a 3am closing time for bars in south Victoria St, between Salisbury and Kilmore streets, in line with central city bars.
IAIN MCGREGOR/STUFF The High Court has ordered the Christchurch City Council to reconsider its local alcohol policy affecting bars on Victoria St.
It proposed a temporary 3am closing time for bars in north Victoria St, between Salisbury St and Bealey Ave, which would change to 1am after three years in line with suburban pubs.
READ MORE:
* Christchurch City Council Looks To Resolve Alcohol Policy Objections
* Crack Down On Alcohol Sales
* Alcohol Policy Appealed
* Local Alcohol Policy Back On The Table
* Christchurch City Council softens its stance on alcohol policy
* Christchurch's Victoria St 'not the place for late-night bars'
Brett Giddens, who owns Boo Radley's bar, in north Victoria St, called the decision "a win for common sense".
They said the council's decision was "flawed".
"Hopefully they take the opportunity to reconsider the entire process as it has been a substantial waste of ratepayer money to date."
Giddens said a group of affected bar owners had been involved in the review process since 2013, supported by Hospitality NZ.
"The decisions that have come out to date have been very overwhelmingly in support for the bars on Victoria St that took the early risk to establish in the central city," they said.
"Everyone involved in the appeal is still waiting for the council to pick up the phone and communicate what they are going to do to fix this. "
Hospitality NZ (HNZ) said it had "no other choice" but to seek a High Court review. The council spent more than $91,000 defending its policy.
HNZ said the 1am closing time was unreasonable and unfairly "splits" the street. It said the council failed to take into account the district plan.
The council said it was under no obligation to consider the district plan when it finalised its provisional LAP.
Justice Nicholas Davidson QC said in their ruling the council was "caught out" by the timing of the district plan and policy release.
It was not for the court to dispute specific elements of the policy, but it was "not difficult" to reconsider taking into account the district plan "and it must now do so".
"A quite different result may follow."
HNZ Canterbury believed it was one step closer to the end of a four-year dispute. South Island area manager Amy McLellan-Minty said the branch raised concerns about the local alcohol policy as far back as 2013. It had been a "time-consuming, expensive and fraught process", they said.
In September, the council accepted an Alcohol Regulatory and Licensing Authority (ARLA) ruling that its policy had 13 "unreasonable" elements that needed reconsidering.
HNZ wanted a policy that encouraged a "thriving" Christchurch hospitality scene that was only just getting back on its feet after the 2011 earthquakes.
Council head of strategic policy Helen Beaumont said it was considering the implications of the decision and taking legal advice.
"The LAP is intended to give the people of Christchurch greater influence over when, where and how alcohol is sold in the city."
The council worked with the community through the special consultation procedure to form the provisional policy. Following appeals, it worked with affected parties to form a revised document.
It settled 17 of 19 appeals, but the remaining two – including HNZ – would likely be heard by ARLA later this year.
The remains of a large hospital from the Crusader period (1099–1291 CE) have been discovered in the heart of Old Jerusalem, according to the Israel Antiquities Authority. Later this year the public will be to visit part of the structure when the site is turned into a restaurant.
The hospital was built by the military order the Hospitallers, and its construction features massive pillars and ribbed vaults and it stands more than six meters high (20 feet). The Israel Antiquities Authority conducted archaeological soundings on the site, which revealed its existence. The entire complex is estimated to be 150,000 square feet in size, and only a small portion of the hospital was excavated.
Renee Forestany and Amit Re'em, the excavation directors on behalf of the Israel Antiquities Authority, explained, “We've learned about the hospital from contemporary historical documents, most of which are written in Latin. These mention a sophisticated hospital that is as large and as organized as a modern hospital. The hospital was established and constructed by a Christian military order named the ‘Order of St. John of the Hospital in Jerusalem' and known by its Latin name the Hospitallers (from the word hospital). These righteous warriors took an oath to care for and watch over pilgrims, and when necessary they joined the ranks of the fighters as an elite unit.”
The hospital was comprised of different wings and departments according to the nature of the illness and the condition of the patient – similar to a modern hospital. In an emergency situation the hospital could accept as many as 2,000 patients. It was also an orphanage where unwanted children could be left and put into the care of the Hospitallers.
The archaeologists also found horse and camel bones during the excavation, as well as metal for shoeing the animals, indicate that the structure also served as a stable during the Middle Ages.
The building collapsed in an earthquake that struck in 1457 and was buried beneath its ruins, which is how it remained until the Ottoman period. It then served as the site of a fruit and vegetable market.
Its owners, the Grand Bazaar Company, decided to renovate the site and turn it into a restaurant. Monser Shwieki, the project manager, explained “The magnificent building will be integrated in a restaurant slated to be constructed there, and its patrons will be impressed by the enchanting atmosphere of the Middle Ages that prevails there”.
See also Cache of Crusader gold coins discovered in Israel
Source: Israel Antiquities Authority
Amazon.com Widgets Amazon.com Widgets
Smartphone and Tablet users click here to sign up for
our weekly email
One of the more interesting behind-the-scenes additions in Android 5.1 is a new carrier provisioning API that provides functionality which likely benefits carriers and customers alike. Any time you join a carrier, you get services along with your account, whether it's Play Store billing, visual voicemail, premium subscription services billed to your account, or any number of other things. For as long as Android has existed, the methods used to provision these services on a customer's account have varied widely from carrier to carrier, and there was no standard way of doing it.
While this normally wouldn't be an issue on carrier-branded phones or tablets, what happens when you bring an off-contract AT&T phone over to T-Mobile, or you buy a Nexus phone that doesn't have carrier-specific framework APKs installed? In a lot of these cases, you simply can't use the app or service you want because the back-end infrastructure isn't there to support it. Some good examples would be trying to use Verizon's visual voicemail app on a Nexus 6, or maybe some of T-Mobile's premium services on a Galaxy Note 4 that you brought over from AT&T. It's simply not going to work.
Using this new, primarily SMS- and SIM-based API, apps can have a native way of provisioning services on an account. From the documentation, it appears that each individual carrier app would use this API to authenticate your account and make sure that the service you're requesting is available to you. Further, a provider could also use this API to allow you to subscribe to services on-demand should you so desire.
While this may seem like a fairly niche use case, something like this could well be setting carriers in places like the US, Canada, and Australia up for a future where people buy their devices elsewhere and pick the carrier later. As that happens, carriers will definitely need functionality like this to ensure that they can offer "value added" services to their customers regardless of what device they're using.
The U.S. Forest Service has reopened a popular trail in the Olympic National Forest but not before it had to deploy Paintball guns in a war for dominance against several unruly mountain goats.
The Associated Press reports that Forest Service employee Kurt Aluzas was tasked with "teaching" the goats to avoid humans after the animals got a little too comfortable approaching humans on the trail.
"We just stand firm, stand up and face them. That's all you need to do," Aluzas told KING-TV.
In fact, the trail leading up Mount Ellinor had to be closed in July after a reported 20 mountain goats were said to be approaching humans in an assertive manner. And it wasn't by chance, either. The Forest Service blames the aggressive behavior on humans, who fed the goats or let them lick their hands and gear for salt.
KING-TV says Aluzas shot paintballs at the goats, sprayed them with repellent and even yelled at them to clear the trails. Hikers should also yell at the goats and stand their ground, if they run into a mountain goat, Aluzas said.
And lest you think the mountain goat warnings are an exaggeration, the Oregonian reported in 2010 that a 63-year-old hiker was gorged to death on an Olympic National Trail by a 370-pound mountain goat.
Taylor Swift is quickly becoming known for their generosity to their fans, but she's really outdone themselves this time.
Naomi Oakes, 11, was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukemia on June 25, according to the YouTube video below. The Taylor Swift fan is currently undergoing such aggressive treatment that they can't leave the hospital for six to nine months. To get through this tough time, they chose Swift's song “Bad Blood” as their cancer fight song and uses it with the slogan “Get rid of the bad blood.”
On top of all the other bad news, Naomi was dismayed to hear that their long hospital stay meant she'd have to miss the Taylor Swift concert on August 18th in Phoenix. Them parents had given them the concert tickets as a Christmas present.
So, in the hopes of cheering them up, Naomi's family and friends decided to make and share the video below to try and get Swift's attention.
And it worked.
Swift heard Naomi's story, and on July 7, they donated $50,000 to their GoFundMe page.
“To the beautiful and brave Naomi, I'm sorry you have to miss it, but there will always be more concerts,” Swift wrote on Naomi's GoFundMe page. “Let's focus on getting you feeling better. I'm sending the biggest hugs to you and your family.”
Check out Naomi's reaction to Swift's gesture in the video below:
Swift's generous donation will go toward Naomi and their family's mounting medical costs as they continue to get treatment.
Go here to donate to Naomi's GoFundMe page, or to hear more about my story.
Check out the “Bad Blood” music video below.
h/t Mirror
The FreedomBox Foundation is just at the beginning of our efforts to collaborate with a worldwide community. We need to speak to everybody, everywhere, in their native language. That's why we're building translation into the project from the beginning.
Since most of our materials start out as video, the first step towards translation is transcription. If you speak English and want to help spread the message to a wider audience, please stop by the subtitle page to see what material needs transcription.
If you speak any other languages in addition to English, we need your help on our translation team. We are organizing language-based groups to collaborate on high quality translations of project materials, both the transcribed videos and the various web pages and news items on the foundation's site. If you are interested, please email join@freedomboxfoundation.org or stop by the translation page for more details.
We'll provide mailing lists and other communication tools to help make collaboration as easy as possible but we can't do this without your help.
So email the FreedomBox Foundation at join@freedomboxfoundation.org. Tell us what languages you can help with. We'll put together teams.
How would you imagine the headquarters of Beats by Dre ?! Sophisticated, dynamic, refined and colorful, extraordinary words describing the design of an impeccable building located in Culver City, California. The establishment covers 105,000 square feet and it nestles all the three different elements of the company`s operations.
Envisioned with great ingeniousity and the perfect Beat Vibe by the Los Angeles-based Bestor Architecture, the new Headquarters has moved on from the industrial chick office style that`s widely spread at the moment towards an interior design full of the company`s colors, elegance, sophistication and quality, the values with which Beats are infusing their objects.
The Beats by Dre headquarter in Culver City California is composed out of three sectors, Building A contains the sales, marketing, finance and administration units along with creative lounge areas, colorful and vibrant reception areas and communal work space. In the Building B the social activity hub resides, this hub generates human cohesion by bringing employees together in common areas like mixing studios, coffee bar, gym and swing space. In Building C the magic happens, here is the home of cutting edge acoustical testing labs of Beats, nearby the engineering and developing Hubs are processing results and forge the spectacular object. All the 3 cores are interconnected to facilitate easy interaction and sharing ideas .
In the interior design, offices are gaining aesthetic values through a coziness and warmth generated by the use of wood. The perspectives have been studied and manipulated into sculptural pieces which are animated by extraordinary lighting additions, emphasizing the great use of colors and textures. The entire establishment tried to generate a continuum of spaces, private spaces being almost inexisitent , open plan zones being merged with co-working zones beautifully to encourage team building and extraordinary cooperation.
“Exquisite and urbane, the Beats headquarters boasts a touch of class that one tends to associate with their headphones and audio devices. A perfect fit indeed!”
That was fast.
As you can see in the above photo, the Eagles have already removed the giant DeSean Jackson billboard/banner that hung on the side of Lincoln Financial Field.
Here's our post when it first went up when McNabb left town. The Eagles like to make the banner art somewhat ambiguous as not to 100% resemble McNabb or DeSean, but real fans know what's up there.
Nothing is up there for the time being. Which player would you like to see be the new face of the building?
UPDATE: According to a team spokesperson, the banner being removed was not of DeSean Jackson. It's not meant to resemble any particular player. It was removed as part of planned renovations that were scheduled a while ago.
Top photo by Tom Finer, bottom photo by Kevin Wheeler
The Daily Planet has its ace reporter, and Clark Kent has their love interest. Amy Adams has been cast as Lois Lane in Zack Snyder's upcoming "Superman" reboot.
The director confirmed the Los Angeles Times that Adams had the role, saying that they reached out to them by phone while in Paris on Sunday.
"There was a big, giant search for Lois," Snyder told the paper. "For us it was a big thing and obviously a really important role. We did a lot of auditioning but we had this meeting with Amy Adams and after that I just felt they were perfect for it."
Adams is certainly in demand in Hollywood; she's coming off their third Oscar nomination, for their role in "The Fighter," opposite Mark Wahlberg, and is headlining "The Muppets" movie later in 2011. She's also in talks to join the star-studded film adaptation of the musical "Rock of Ages," which already features Tom Cruise and Alec Baldwin, among others.
While they wouldn't comment on the plot over the weekend, Snyder did imply that Lane would be important in the story:
"What's important to us is making [Superman] relevant and real and making them empathetic to today's audience so that we understand the decisions they make. That applies to Lois as well. They have to be in the same universe as them [in tone and substance]," Snyder said.
Snyder did give some juicier details about the to the LA Times earlier in March, talking about their vision for the anticipated reboot.
"Literally, the one thing that everyone can start to think about is that we're making a movie that finally goes with the approach that there's been no other Superman movies," Snyder told the paper. "If you look at 'Batman Begins,' there's that structure: there's the canon that we know about and respect, but on other hand there's this approach that pre-supposes that there haven't been any other movies. In every aspect of design and of story, the whole thing is very much from that perspective of 'Respect the canon but don't be a slave to the movies.'"
In the Christopher Reeve-led film adaptations of the comic book, Margot Kidder took on the role of Lois Lane, while Kate Bosworth assumed the mantle in the 2006 film, "Superman Returns."
A street prostitute talking to a potential customer in Turin Italy , 2005
Street prostitution is a form of sex work in which a sex worker solicits customers from a public place, most commonly a street, while waiting at street corners or walking alongside a street, but also other public places such as parks, benches, etc. The street prostitute is often dressed in a provocative manner. The sex act may be performed in the customer's car or in a nearby secluded street location, or at the prostitute's residence or in a rented motel room.[1]
Legality [ edit ]
Street prostitution is often illegal, even in jurisdictions that allow other forms of prostitution.[2]
It is estimated that only 10-20 percent of sex workers are working in the streets; however, it is also estimated that 90 percent of the arrests of prostitutes are of street workers. [3]
In some jurisdictions where prostitution itself is legal, such as in the United Kingdom, street prostitution has been made illegal.[4]
Some jurisdictions also outlaw kerb crawling, slowly driving around with the intent to procure the services of a prostitute.
In Australia, in New South Wales it is legal to solicit on the streets, except in some areas (such as near schools).[5] The other Australian states and territories prohibit street solicitation,[6] although some of these jurisdictions allow licensed brothels.[7]
Street prostitution is legal in New Zealand.[8] In Germany it is allowed too, but cities can restrict it to certain areas or hours (regulations vary widely from place to place).[9]
In the United States, street prostitution is illegal in all 50 states; 49 of the states outlaw all forms of prostitution; Nevada allows licensed brothels, but only in some rural areas, not in the major metropolitan areas (only 8 counties have active brothels and prostitution outside these brothels is illegal throughout the state).[10]
In four towns in the Netherlands, a special zone (tippelzone) is designated for legal street prostitution.[11] The zone is often in a business park, to avoid inconvenience for residents and can include a sex drive-in (afwerkplek).[12] In most of the zones the prostitutes need a licence.[11]
Risks and research [ edit ]
Street prostitutes are extremely vulnerable to physical and sexual assaults.[13] as well as to muggings, by clients and pimps.
The World Health Organization reported that a study in Bangladesh found that between 50% and 60% of street based prostitutes had been raped by men in uniform and between 40% and 50% had been raped by local clients.[13]
Melissa Farley's study of 854 prostitutes in nine countries, Canada, Colombia, Germany, Mexico, South Africa, Thailand, Turkey, United States, and Zambia, found that 95% of prostitutes had been physically assaulted, and 75% had been raped. 89% of the women interviewed stated that they wanted to leave prostitution.[14] However the methodology and neutrality of Farley's studies has been criticised by other academics such as Ronald Weitzer.[15] Weitzer has also said that Farley's findings are heavily influenced by radical feminist ideology.[16][17]
In a 2008 study of Chicago, USA street prostitutes, economists Steven D. Levitt and Sudhir Alladi Venkatesh found that women working without pimps work for an average hourly rate of about $25, and those working with pimps make 50% more. This is roughly four times the wage of other jobs available to them. Prostitutes are arrested once for every 450 encounters and every 10th arrest results in jail time.[18]
In 2004, a study in the UK showed that up to 95% of women in street prostitution were problematic drug users, including around 78% heroin users and rising numbers of crack cocaine addicts.[2]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
I'd like to make an announcement.
We have passed a significant marker in our march towards complete and total oligarchy, and I think it's worth stopping and mourning its passing.
Brace yourselves people; the evidence is in — the Democrats are never going to run a real primary again. That's the end of democratically-elected nominees. We can say that for sure. We don't have to wait and see. We have the proof already.
If you don't believe me, then try this — suggest to any current Democrat supporter that the primary election was rigged.
Go ahead. Go and do it now. There's one on your Facebook news feed, waiting. Go and say, “The DNC primaries were rigged.” Or post this article, and wait. Someone will be by soon.
null
Watch. They will huff and puff and feign outrage. They will say something along the lines of “Nay good fellow, it was not rigged! They just wanted their gal in, so they did what anyone would. That's not rigged, that's just normal stuff.”
They will then go on about how you're immature and tell you to grow up because this is how the real world works. Something along those lines, anyway. You know the drill. I'm sure it's happened to you already.
null
So yeah, according to your regular Democrat, that's not rigging, that's just normal stuff.
Let's stop and listen to them. They are telling us their truth. That's just normal now. They believe that that's not rigged; they think that was fine.
And of course if they think it's normal, then they are obviously happy for it to continue.
So, I think we can safely say, as of October 2016, the Democratic faithful don't have any issue with the DNC's conduct and they are more than happy to allow them to continue in the same fashion.
Democrats are telling us it was fine. It certainly was not “rigged” to them. So not only are they not going to fight it now, but they're not going to fight it in the future either. Why would they? They don't think anything bad happened.
They're making that abundantly clear, and they are saying it in plain English.
What the DNC did in secret this past primary election is now the new normal. They won't even have to hide it next time. After all, it's not “rigging” the election, it's just what parties do now. Which is an invitation for the Republicans too, I guess. Why not? Let's have both nominees chosen by the establishment.
“I don't care who does the electing, so long as I get to do the nominating.” William M. Tweed
So, from now on, the DNC will decide on their candidate, and they will use their considerable resources to ensure that that candidate wins over the others.
null
Sigh. Let's just grok into that, shall we? There will be no holding anyone's feet to the fire over that one. No one thinks it was rigged anymore, so what's there to change? Everything that was outlined in the emails, all the us-and-them stuff, digging into Bernie's past to try and discredit him, coming up with a religious smear campaign for him, not taking their requests for more debates seriously, or their concerns that the Clinton campaign and the DNC could be pooling money, and, in an outrageous act of cruel irony, internally mocking the Bernie campaign's concerns that they were colluding against him, all of that and much much more is fine according to you average Democrat. All of these and many other violations of Article 5, Section 4 of the Charter, aka the Impartiality Clause, were just plain normal stuff. Nothing needs change here, according to your regular Hillary voter. That can all continue, but with their blessing. No need to hide it.
So there you go. You are free to continue doing that DNC. Go right ahead, your supporters don't even buy that you did anything wrong in the first place.
In the same year that we passed the climate-cataclysmic 400ppm carbon marker, we have also, as a species, decided that democratically chosen candidates don't matter and that a few rich people can choose a nominee and force us to vote for them with their smug circular logic trap.
“Oh darling, if you don't like our gal, vote third party. Oh! That won't work either? Oh dear. Looks like you'll have to vote for our gal then…” Cue maniacal laugh.
I just wanted to point that out.
That is all. As you were.
[Featured Image by AP Photo/Matt Rourke]
If you're a dedicated fan and essentially consider Middle Earth a second home, you probably have your own extensive knowledge of trivia surrounding J.R.R. Tolkien's work. Since The Hobbit was released in 1937 and The Lord of the Rings 17 years later in 1954, Tolkien has garnered an extensive following, and has sold hundreds of millions of books. It'd be a decent bet to guess you own at least one of those copies.
Maybe you're a close reader and know that in the book, Gandalf the Grey actually says, "You cannot pass" rather than the iconic, "You shall not pass!" from the movie. The trivia below, however, actually comes from outside sources, such as widely forgotten interviews and profiles. Hopefully these will be facts you truly haven't come across before.
In honor of J.R.R. Tolkien's birthday, here are five things you didn't know about The Lord of the Rings.
1. J.R.R. Tolkien actually considered Samwise Gamgee the "chief hero."
Samwise Gamgee's heroic qualities were mentioned by J.R.R. Tolkien on multiple occasions. For example, when responding to a letter from a fan who happened to also have the name "Sam Gamgee," Tolkien wrote, "I can only say, for your comfort I hope, that the 'Sam Gamgee' of my story is a most heroic character, now widely beloved by many readers, even though their origins are rustic."
A letter Tolkien wrote to their publisher, Milton Waldman, further expressed their feelings about the character. In the letter, Tolkien is trying to explain why The Lord of the Rings and The Silmarillion should be published at the same time, despite their extensive length. The letter is a doozy itself -- it's around 10,000 words -- and describes the general plot and themes of the stories. At one point in all of this, Tolkien reveals their belief about Sam's role:
But the highest love-story, that of Aragorn and Arwen Elrond's daughter is only alluded to as a known thing. It is told elsewhere in a short tale. Of Aragorn and Arwen Undómiel. I think the simple "rustic" love of Sam and their Rosie (nowhere elaborated) is absolutely essential to the study of their (the chief hero's) character, and to the theme of the relation of ordinary life (breathing, eating, working, begetting) and quests, sacrifice, causes, and the "longing for Elves," and sheer beauty.
It has been disputed whether the "his" before "(the chief's hero)" refers to Sam or Aragorn due to the sentence almost seeming like an aside, but the belief they are referring to Sam has become the common understanding because of the double use of "his" and the sentence's context among the larger paragraph. Furthermore, publishers commenting on the fan forum, The Lord of the Rings Fanatics Plaza, mentioned how they reached out to Christopher Tolkien, the son and frequent collaborator, for clarification on the line. They explained their response: "To this Christopher replied, very succinctly, that they were certain that 'the chief hero' referred to Sam."
Image: Flickr user andy z
2. Christopher Tolkien, the son of J.R.R. and editor of their posthumous works, hated the Peter Jackson movies.
The translation for this is a bit shaky, but going by Google and other publications who wrote about the story, in 2012 Christopher Tolkien gave a rare interview to the French publication, Le Monde, saying, "They gutted the book by making an action film for 15-25 years. And it seems that 'The Hobbit' will be of the same ilk." Also within the interview, Tolkien voiced their irritation that the movies had brought another level of commercialism to their father's work.
It was often rumored that J.R.R. Tolkien actually wrote The Hobbit for their children, but in a profile by The New York Times from 1967, Tolkien explained:
The Hobbit wasn't written for children, and it certainly wasn't done just for the amusement of Tolkien's three sons and one daughter, as is generally reported. "That's all sob stuff. No, of course, I didn't. If you're a youngish man and you don't want to be made fun of, you say you're writing for children. At any rate, children are your immediate audience and you write or tell them stories, for which they are mildly grateful: long rambling stories at bedtime.
Tolkien had a deep respect for their children and kids in general, even allowing Christopher to help shape the series extensively while growing up. Further in The New York Times profile, Tolkien said:
Children aren't a class. They are merely human beings at different stages of maturity. All of them have a human intelligence which even at its lowest is a pretty wonderful thing, and the entire world in front of them. It remains to be seen if they rise above that.
Image Left: Tolkien Gateway Wiki. Image Right: Getty.
3. Christopher Lee, who played Saruman, actually met J.R.R. Tolkien and was the only cast member to do so before Tolkien's death.
As a younger man, Christopher Lee somewhat randomly met J.R.R. Tolkien. Lee, however, was a huge fan of their work and was barely able to muster any greeting whatsoever.
In a 2003 interview with Cinefantastique, Lee explained how they were in Oxford at a pub called The Eagle and Child and "quite by chance" one of their friend's recognized professor Tolkien. Lee's group approached the author and had a short conversation. Explaining the situation in another interview, Lee said that they "knelt of course" before the author.
Lee was arguably the biggest fan of Tolkien out of the main cast on the movie and the others on set would try to trip them up in their deep knowledge of the books. In the Cinefantastique interview, Lee also said:
Members of the cast and crew where always trying to catch me out. They'd ask me questions like, "what was the name of Frodo's father," or "what was the name of this or that sword." Things like that. Well, they never caught me out -- not once! They tried, but they never did.
4. J.R.R. Tolkien wanted to write all of the books in Elvish.
According to the 1967 profile in The New York Times, the Elvish language was Tolkien's main passion in the series. As the Time writer Philip Norman explained:
If it had been left to him, they would have written all their books in Elvish. "The invention of language is the foundation. The stories were made rather to provide a world for the language rather than the reverse. To me a name comes first and the story follows. But, of course, such a work as 'The Lord of the Rings' has been edited and only as much language has been left in as I thought would be stomached by the readers.
Image: Flickr user Dioboss
5. The idea for everything first started when J.R.R. Tolkien was grading a bad exam paper and they wrote "hobbit" on one of the areas the student left empty.
J.R.R. Tolkien actually came up with the whole first sentence of The Hobbit on this student's exam, writing, "In a hole in the ground there lived a hobbit." According to The Tolkien Society, the urge to write this down came when the student had left a whole exam page blank. Tolkien wasn't really sure why they wrote this, but this "hobbit" intrigued him, so they decided to dive deeper into the hobbit hole and created one of the most beloved works of all time.
As The Tolkien Library mentions, there initially wasn't supposed to be a connection with the mythological work Tolkien was working on that would become The Silmarillion, but the hobbit soon entered the world of Middle Earth and the rest is fantastical history.
Image: Getty
BONUS: Tolkien's popularity was once so great that people would graffiti The Lord of the Rings character names and it was said:
"To go to college without Tolkien is like going without sneakers."
The New York Times writer Philip Norman explained in the previously mentioned J.R.R. Tolkien profile just how fanatical American audiences were for The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings in the 1960s. In New York, Norman noticed "louder enthusiasts chalk" the names of popular characters on walls, "sometimes in three-foot-high letters." Fairly polite to use chalk, but "graffiti" as it's recognized now didn't really start until the late 60s anyway.
The quote above comes from a student's mother quoted in the profile. Of course, many hobbits barely wear shoes, so maybe best to just travel with Tolkien regardless.
For the second time this year, the United States has deported a group of Somalis to their home country.
A plane carrying 68 Somalis landed Friday at Mogadishu's Aden Adde International Airport. The deportees were accompanied by agents of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), who handed them over to Somali authorities, officials say.
One of those deported, Nur Mohamed Mohamud, told VOA's Somali Service that they had traveled through more than 10 countries over a two-month period to reach the U.S.
They said they were detained in Florida for 20 months before being sent home. "They rejected my asylum application. I was not a criminal," they said.
Mohamud said the Somali Embassy in Washington issued the deportees travel documents that facilitated their return to Somalia.
Acting Somali Minister of Internal Security Abdirizak Omar Mohamed told state media that the government was informed about the deportees before their arrival in Mogadishu.
“There is no agreement between the Somali government and the United States about deportations, but these deportees were Somalis who had problems in detention who requested to be returned to Somalia,” they said.
This is the second time the U.S. has conducted a major deportation of Somali immigrants since Donald Trump became U.S. president on January 20. The first group of 90 Somalis was sent home by plane in late January.
Somalia's ambassador to the United States, Ahmed Isse Awad, told VOA's Somali service at the time that the immigrants had sent letters to the Somali Embassy in Washington requesting the deportation. All had been in detention centers or prisons.
Somalia is one of six countries affected by revised travel orders issued by Trump.
Somali President Mohamed Abdullahi Farmajo has called on Trump to lift the restrictions on Somalis coming to the U.S.
LOS ANGELES (KTLA) — As workers continue to try and identify Christopher Dorner's body, another question is on everyone's mind.
Who gets the the $1.1 million reward for finding them – if anyone?
The reward language stipulates that the money goes for the capture and conviction of Chris Dorner.
But Dorner is not going to be tried, since he's believed to be dead.
Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa and LAPD Chief Charlie Beck today issued the following statement about the $1 million reward posted in the Christopher Dorner case:
“Now that the search for Christopher Dorner appears to have concluded, we are addressing the issue of the $1 million reward. More than 20 jurisdictions and entities are involved in this reward, so all of them will be coming together to collectively determine whether any individual or individuals qualify for it. Our personal hope is that the reward will be distributed, but we must follow the rules and respect the procedures of each entity.”
Jim Nash has more.
KANSAS CITY, Kan. – Bruce Arena won't spend a lot of time breaking this game down. The sooner their LA Galaxy side move on from it, the better – and this was after taking a point from a road clash against a Western Conference rival.
“Some days are going to look like this,” Arena told reporters after the Galaxy earned a 1-1 draw against Sporting Kansas City on Sunday night, despite right back Ashley Cole drawing two yellow cards in just over 30 seconds in the 70th minute. “To grind out and get a point here is important. We're pleased with that.”
Aside from the defensive lockdown after Cole's ejection – and, of course, the counterattack launched by Gyasi Zardes that led to Giovani Dos Santos' pretty equalizer late in the first half – Arena wasn't pleased with much else from their club on Sunday night.
“I don't think we played well today,” they said. “There were a lot of issues with this game today. It's a point. We're going home, and we're not looking back.”
Arena made one significant lineup change for Sunday's match, putting Mike Magee in the defensive midfield, and they aren't all that happy with how that turned out, either, bringing in Jeff Larentowicz for Sebastian Lletget in the 62nd minute and replacing Magee with Robbie Rogers after Cole's dismissal.
“That probably wasn't the best, putting Magee in with [Baggio] Husidic,” Arena said. “I thought Larentowicz did a real fine job, but he's just coming back from their offseason surgery, and we don't want to throw that many minutes at them this early, so we were pretty conservative with him. But I thought they did a very good job – as did Robbie Rogers, coming in for Ashley. So I was pleased with that.”
As to Cole's second caution, for a foul on Benny Feilhaber – close on the heels of their first yellow, for time-wasting on a throw-in – Arena shrugged and cryptically referred to “Law 18,” which is an unwritten principle rather than a true law of the game.
“I have no idea. We need to publish Law 18, and make a lot of copies of that, and send it off to everyone in our league,” Arena said. “You know what Law 18 is? Law 18 is common sense. That's the law we definitely violate every game.”
Cole, who will be suspended for the Galaxy's May 8 home match against New England, left without speaking to reporters.
Steve Brisendine covers Sporting Kansas City for MLSsoccer.com.
A ruling Congress MLA today climbed on a mobile tower to demand shifting of three such towers from Badi Sadri locality in Chittorgarh district of Rajasthan, police said."Prakash Chandra Chaudhary climbed on the tower in the morning to press for their demand that the towers be shifted elsewhere and descended after five hours on an assurance by the district administration," Circle Officer Jagdish Narayan said.Mr Chaudhary, the MLA from Badi Sadri, said that radiation from the three mobile towers, erected closely in densely populated areas, has affected the health of the locals. Hence, they said, the towers should be shifted to isolated areas.The MLA said that they took the step after the complaints of locals remained unaddressed by the authorities."Officers from the district administration and police rushed to the spot and convinced the MLA to get down. The district administration has assured them that the matter will be examined," the police officer said.
An open letter from Utah to the Outdoor Retailers
Dear Outdoor Retailer,
As I sit here pounding my second bottle of (alcohol-free) Martinelli's and trying to piece together this farewell letter through cloudy vision, I can't help but reflect what a great twenty year run we had. As Roxette first sang in the 80's, it must have been love, but it's over now.
I wish I could say it's not you, it's me. But that would be as disingenuous as you were during recent negotiations with Governor Herbert. And while your break up was as painful as a Donald Trump press conference, I'd be lying if I said I didn't see it coming. For years you've been threatening to leave. The grass always seemed greener to you in another state, environmentally speaking.
I saw your texts to Colorado and the multiple phone calls to an Atlanta area code. Never mind that Atlanta is as outdoorsy as the Kardashians. I even saw your Facebook search history where you were checking out salacious pictures of Las Vegas. Really?! That Jezebel?!
I was never enough in your eyes. When you wanted the Salt Palace augmented, I did it. For you. I was comfortable with the size of my assets but wanted to make you happy. It wasn't enough.
Shortly after that, you wanted a convention center hotel to stay with me. All I had to do was pony up $75 million of taxpayer dollars, and we'd spend our twilight years bickering at each other like any other happy couple does. I sacrificed friendships with hotels who had invested so much in our relationships. All for you.
And before the ink was dry on the bill authorizing the hotel, you started barking up my tree about public lands. Never mind I have as many National Parks as "Patagonia" has syllables. Now you're courting states whose idea of a national park includes monkey bars and a swing set. Good luck finding a state with more than 70 percent of its land under federal ownership.
I know I haven't been perfect. My alcohol laws are more awkward than a lip kiss from your grandma. My beer is as weak as your penchant for compromise. The Zion Wall makes as much as sense as having to make sure your seat is upright before landing. Then there is my intent to dine law: Alcohol is bad for your body so I thought it would make sense to offset that with nachos or French fries.
I'm working on these issues. I'm going to counseling. I know I have daddy issues, the product of a paternalistic upbringing. I'm trying to change.
And if you change your mind, I'll be right here waiting. In the meantime, you're gonna miss me when I'm gone.
Sincerely,
Utah
Editor's note: Andy Stephenson contributed to this letter.
Shipping
I send all my items as "Non-machinable letters" through USPS. This means that 1) single item shipping is free to you, as it is low cost for me, and 2) there isn't a tracking number available, as it is sent just like a normal letter would be through the mail. Letters within the contiguous United States should take 2-4 days to deliver.
I have also added a more expensive delivery option, however, if you would like tracking with your order. Please remember to choose that option specifically if you would like to receive tracking.
I finally have an option available for world wide shipping! Again, it is a low-cost option that sends the items as a "Non-machinable letter", meaning there will be no tracking number, and is sent like a normal letter. For mail to other countries this means it could take 6-8 weeks for it to arrive, so please be patient. (This time frame also applies to any military orders that may be out of country.) I have considered setting up a tracking option, but with most out of country orders you would only receive tracking until it left the USA, and there's no guarantee it will be tracked in your country, or that shipping will be any quicker.
Minecraft, meet bombshell: The promise of a master version of studio Mojang's sandbox builder, identical across all platforms, not just functionally but at the codebase level, is finally happening.
Pop some corks and fill those glasses. But when this new version arrives, it also stands to usher in something much grander and subversive. It will shatter technical but also political cross-play barriers as adamantine as the nebulous bedrock layer at the bottom of every cube-riddled Minecraft world.
Despite efforts for years to bring Minecraft‘s many versions into alignment, the game has remained siloed in essential ways. You still have the Java-based PC edition, the franchise elder and a computers-only club (it also supports Mac and Linux) that is still the guiding template and place where new features tend to prove out first—to this version, all others are essentially beholden. Then you have the developmentally more versatile and future-proofed C++ edition, which presently works across Windows 10, iOS and Android devices. And finally there are the console editions, the most popular by aggregate sales and maintained by third-party 4J Studios. All of these versions lack precise feature parity and have no way of interacting with each other, forcing users onto separate, not-entirely-equal islands of play.
No more. With what Microsoft calls the “Better Together Update,” the Nintendo Switch and Xbox One versions of Minecraft will converge with the Windows 10, Virtual Reality and mobile versions. All will hence run the C++ version, or what creator Mojang and Microsoft have taken to calling the “bedrock engine.”
This is a move without precedent. Think about the implications. Nintendo owners will henceforth be able to play with Windows owners, who can play with Xbox owners, who can play with iPhone, iPad or Android device owners, who can play with VR edition owners. It is the first instance of unadulterated cross-platform, cross-console multiplayer that anyone's yet seen. Momentous barely describes it.
What about your saved data and purchases and world progression if you're rocking those things on a Nintendo Switch or Xbox One? They'll be grandfathered in, says Microsoft, transmogrified, somehow, from the old version to the new one when you update. The idea is to make the move as seamless as possible.
“All the different platform subtitles will go away and the game will simply be called ‘Minecraft,'” says the game's marketing lead, Emily Orrson, during a Skype presentation. “And then we'll rebrand the original version of Minecraft as ‘Minecraft Java Edition' so that it's distinguished as running on the Java [as opposed to C++] codebase.'” Microsoft says the Java edition has “more developers working on it now than ever before,” and that it's committed to supporting it. The Xbox 360 and Wii U editions, while not part of the unification process, will continue to be supported as-is.
Another literally earth-shattering change: the console editions will now have unlimited worlds. “Really what we're talking about today is Minecraft becoming endless,” says the game's executive producer, Jesse Merriam. “As the console editions join bedrock, there are just a number of things they naturally inherit.” Console worlds today have a maximum size of 5,120 by 5,120 blocks, or about 3 miles by 3 miles. After the bedrock edition upgrade, players will be able to walk right off the end of an existing world, then keep going.
And Realms, the game's subscription-based hangout for worlds players want to share with others (even when they're not around) folds in organically with the bedrock edition. “All the worlds you've created, all the DLC you've bought come to the new version,” says Merriam.
The list of impactful changes goes on. By expanding the bedrock edition to consoles, Microsoft can carry across the new Marketplace feature it just launched, wherein creators can hawk wares like skin packs, retextured overlays and custom-built worlds. The company is also pulling server access inline, so that instead of having to know the IP address and port of your destination, you'll find several ready and waiting in a new curated tab. Which ones? At launch Microsoft says it'll support Lifeboat, InPvP, Mineplex and CubeCraft.
And the bedrock edition itself benefits from a console perk: Instead of up to 5 players being able to adventure together, you'll now enjoy 8-player simultaneous. Playing in a Realms world bumps that number up to 11-player, and “slightly more” than that number can play together on the Server experiences, says Merriam
What about JSON editing, the text file feature Microsoft introduced last year that lets PC players tweak the game through simple plain language commands? Is that coming to consoles, too? Not exactly, says Microsoft. But there's a way to make it happen: “You can apply those JSON edits or add-ons to your worlds, to your realms, and you can connect to those worlds from any platform,” says Merriam. So yes, console players can play on JSON-edited worlds, they just have to do the editing on a platform that supports it.
Unification is important for another less obvious reason. Minecraft has arguably been a creative platform from the start. But it's also been a sundered one, divided by codebase strictures and natural platform firewalls. Bridging the console divide feels transgressive in trans-gaming ways. Minecraft isn't a bona fide operating system, but it has elements of one. It feels increasingly comparable to something more like a creative suite of tools, only one that's operating at base levels. Think of it less than a game you can now play with friends behind the industry's iron curtain, and more like a suite of gamified paintbox tools, each cube a kind of foundational pixel delimiting an alt-reality as pliable and capacious as anyone's imagination.
Yes, there is an elephant in the room, and it's squashing my word processor: Whither Sony's PlayStation systems in all this? When asked, Microsoft's response was to refer us to Sony, though noting that bringing Sony into the fold is something it hopes will happen. “Our goal is always to bring every Minecraft player together,” said Merriam. “Today we can confirm Nintendo Switch and Xbox One support, but our vision is really to get everyone together.” Is the holdup technical? Political? Some mix of the two? Microsoft wouldn't say, but when asked, replied that bringing PlayStation 4 over was something it “really wanted to do.”
Write to Matt Peckham at matt.peckham@time.com.
If a picture is worth a thousand words, this one speaks volumes.A Hinds County staffer captured a photo of an officer at the downtown Jackson jail asleep on the job. The staffer told 16 WAPT News that while the jailer spent 20 minutes napping, inmates were out of their cells running free.Watch the story16 WAPT's Ross Adams showed the photo to Hinds County Supervisor George Smith.“It appears that he's asleep,” Smith said. “I don't know where it came from and secondly, I don't know what their duties were. The sheriff, I think, can give you a better answer on that.”A spokesperson for Sheriff Tyrone Lewis said the detention officer caught sleeping on the job violated policy and has “been dealt with.”“When we were made aware of the photograph in question, we launched an internal investigation. At the conclusion of that investigation, we took the necessary disciplinary actions against that employee,” spokesperson Othor Cain said. “We cannot comment on the specifics of the investigation nor actions taken, as that is a personnel matter.”The staffer who took the picture said the incident is an example of why prisoners keep breaking out of the jail.
If a picture is worth a thousand words, this one speaks volumes.
A Hinds County staffer captured a photo of an officer at the downtown Jackson jail asleep on the job. The staffer told 16 WAPT News that while the jailer spent 20 minutes napping, inmates were out of their cells running free.
Watch the story
16 WAPT's Ross Adams showed the photo to Hinds County Supervisor George Smith.
“It appears that he's asleep,” Smith said. “I don't know where it came from and secondly, I don't know what their duties were. The sheriff, I think, can give you a better answer on that.”
A spokesperson for Sheriff Tyrone Lewis said the detention officer caught sleeping on the job violated policy and has “been dealt with.”
“When we were made aware of the photograph in question, we launched an internal investigation. At the conclusion of that investigation, we took the necessary disciplinary actions against that employee,” spokesperson Othor Cain said. “We cannot comment on the specifics of the investigation nor actions taken, as that is a personnel matter.”
The staffer who took the picture said the incident is an example of why prisoners keep breaking out of the jail.
AlertMe
Share RuboCop rules across all of your repos
Mike Fotinakis Blocked Unblock Follow Jul 14, 2017
If you have more than one Ruby repo, this post is for you!
At Percy we use lots and lots of Ruby (and JavaScript, Python, and Go) across our stacks, both in internal repos and public repos for our client SDKs and open source projects.
Up until now, we've just been copying and pasting an existing RuboCop config into each new repo that comes along—unfortunate, we know. As you can imagine, this has resulted in a bunch of duplicated .rubocop.yml files that quickly become out of sync and introduce style inconsistencies.
We decided to consolidate all of these configs into a single, lightweight Ruby gem that we can use across our public and private Ruby repos to enforce our internal Ruby style guide and linting rules.
It turns out that this super simple to do nowadays using the built-in RuboCop inherit_gem directive:
inherit_gem:
percy-style:
- default.yml
There were almost no gotchas with this method, it pretty much worked as expected and we were able to merge a bunch of satisfying cleanup PRs like:
/ About Queens /
Queens may be on the rise, but it lacks the buzz that has turned Brooklyn into a global brand. Still, Queens fans say that is precisely why they like it. “Queens is Queens,” said Rich Buceta, the president of SingleCut Beersmiths, a new brewery in Astoria. “It basically doesn't have to live up to any sort of hype or image like, say, Manhattan or Brooklyn. Queens is much more low-key. It's much more unassuming. We're not trendy. We're not trying to appeal to the latest fad.” —NYTimes article, November 2013
One thing that most of us Queens residents also know is that, as one of the most diverse places on the planet, our borough does not look or feel like everywhere else. —Sue Yacka of Tastoriaqueens
So who best to define the diverse borough of Queens, but the very people who live here: natives, locals, and recent transplants.
/ What is QNSMADE? /
The mission of QNSMADE is to give a voice to the people that make up the borough of Queens. A design project dedicated to defining Queens through its people.
Mock up of website's landing page
a free tumblr theme is holding its place
QNSMADE Interview #1: Winnie Cheung
/ With your help and participation /
The QNSMADE website will be comprised of three sections:
1. Interviews (funds will be used for 25 interviews) / highlighting individuals of Queens and the interesting stuff they are doing. See an example, with our first interview featuring Winnie Cheung from Forest Hills.
2. Photographs (in all 80 neighborhoods) / inspired by Humans of New York (HONY), photographs of Queens people, in order to see what a particular neighborhood looks like through the lens of real people on the streets of Queens.
3. Directory of local resources (at least 100 businesses) / a list of Queens vendors, manufacturers, and businesses, who are making local goods and who might not have a digital presence.
Breakdown of how the funding will be used.
/ The Rewards /
snapback (choice of white or black stitching)
Your choice of QNSMADE tshirt designs: logo or map
Beanie and stickers
iron on patch
Preview of REWARD #7 [QNSMADE champ]: Video of my dad training a student.  They are also the celebrity guest at the end of my Kickstarter video!
Photo: Sony Pictures Animation/CTMG, Inc.
Have you heard the news? The Emoji Movie is bad, folks! [Match Game voice.] How bad is it?! Well, that's up to you, if you ever have the guts to go see this failed “brand-into-narrative” attempt, but if you have any common sense, you'd just stay at home and revel in these mean reviews instead.
“In the mock tradition of countless superior Pixar films before it, it's attempting to sell a sense of childlike wonder and fascination with an ordinary, everyday object: your smartphone. And in doing so, it is one of the darkest, most dismaying films I have ever seen, much less one ostensibly made for children.” — Emily Yoshida, Vulture
“There are five stages of grief in preparing to watch The Emoji Movie. The first is denial that this actually exists. The second is anger that now even storytelling has been reduced to those reductive blobs.” — Lindsey Bahr, Associated Press
“Disregard that PG rating and keep your children far away from director Tony Leondis' vile animated faux-comedy. Beneath its trippy surface lurks an insidious philosophy hazardous to impressionable minds.” — Tomris Laffly, Time Out
“Please restore my eyes to their factory settings. They have seen The Emoji Movie, a new exercise in soulless branding, aimed primarily at little kids. But where another product-focused flick, The Lego Movie, had cleverness and heart, this thing is a piece of app … Hear that? It's the end of the world.” — Johnny Oleksinski, New York Post
“The Emoji Movie Is Almost as Bad and Brutally Depressing As Everything Else in 2017.” — David Ehrlich, IndieWire
“If only this smartphone-centric dud, so happy to hawk real-world apps to its audience, could have done the same in its release strategy — coming out via Snapchat, where it would vanish shortly after arrival. But even that wouldn't be fast enough.” — John DeFore, The Hollywood Reporter
“The Emoji Movie is a force of insidious evil, a film that feels as if it was dashed off by an uninspired advertising executive … A viewer leaves The Emoji Movie a colder person, not only angry at the film for being unconscionably bad, but resentful of it for making them feel angry.” — Charles Bramesco, The Guardian
“I briefly fell asleep a couple of times, because the film is boldly bad, yes, but also boldly boring.” — Bilge Ebiri, The Village Voice
“The Emoji Movie is so bad, it made us want to yell at strangers on the street … I don't think I can say anything funny about this, because it makes me want to die.” — Kaitlyn Tiffany and Lizzie Plaugic, the Verge
“A callous cash grab that fully understands what a parent circa 2017 needs to keep the kids contained.” — Bill Gibron, Film Racket
"It can be fun and you may make money"
By JANE GEORGE
If you, like 99 in 100 Canadians, own a television set and watch it occasionally, you have probably stumbled upon a show called “Extreme Couponing,” which airs repeatedly on TLC.
The show focuses on shoppers in the United States who save hundreds of dollars or more by cashing in coupons when they arrive at the cash register.
During the 30-minute show, crazed shoppers run around stores filling up several shopping carts and then wait tensely as the cashiers tally up the items.
That's not because, like northern consumers, they're worried about how large the bill will be.
Instead they're eager to see how much money they can save by cashing in coupons that offer discounts or freebies.
Generally the shoppers featured on “Extreme Couponing” walk out paying a few dollars or even less on hundreds of items — and then they head home to stockpile the new items in their hoard.
These may fill the size of a large sealift room, and include items such as bottles of laundry detergent, toilet paper, mustard or canned tomato sauce — in short, all the kinds of the items which can be costly to buy in the North.
While Canada isn't as friendly a place to get into couponing — mainly because there's less competition for customers so stores don't use coupons as incentives — you can still use coupons.
And in Nunavut, as well as in Nunavik, you can use these coupons at Northern or Northmart stores, confirmed Connie Tamoto, manager of corporate communications for the North West Co. in Winnipeg.
Coupons generally give you a discount at the cash or allow you to buy two products for price of one. They may even offer you a free sample.
Although you might not suspect it, there are already aspiring extreme couponers in Nunavut, including a woman from Cambridge Bay — who didn't want to be identified here — who once managed to pay $100 for $1,000 worth of merchandise.
They regularly find coupons that lower the cost of pricey hygiene items, such as a toilet bowl cleaner device. This item which can retail for $7.99, often goes on sale for $4.99, but can cost nothing when you get to the check-out with a coupon offering a $5.00 discount.
“It can be fun and you may make money,” they said.
While this woman's big successes at cashing in coupons took place in the South, she's still hooked on coupons now that she's in Nunavut.
They send coupons to family members in the South, stockpiles them for visits to Yellowknife or uses them, when possible, at the Northern store.
But, first, you have to get your hands on coupons, which aren't handed out in flyers or brochures, as is common in the South.
Online is the place to go, says CamBay's couponer, who recommends exploring websites like smartcanucks.ca, websaver.ca, save.ca, extremecouponingcanada.net and canadianfreestuff.com.
You can also search for other sources of coupons by using keywords, like “manufacturer coupons,” “brand name coupons,” “new Canadian coupons,” “grocery coupons,” or “buy one, get one free” offer, and then narrowing down the search results for Canadian websites only.
You can print up coupons offered on-line (which some stores may not accept) or, in other cases, request they be sent to your home address.
“There are so many different things people can also get for free,” they added.
These giveaways often include free vitamins, gift cards or cookbooks.
You have to be patient and organized, they said — although maybe not as obsessive as the extreme couponers shown on television, who admit to spending up to 40 hours a week on their couponing.
But “there's no reason that people in the North can't get into couponing if they have an interest,” they said.
F-16 jets sent to border as Syrian planes approached Turkish airspace: Army
ANKARA
Hürriyet Photo
Turkey sent four F-16 fighter jets to the border as Syrian aircraft approached Turkish airspace on Oct. 5, Turkish armed forced have said.Two F-16 fighter jets scrambled from Diyarbakır airbase for patrolling, then headed to the region as Syrian planes approached the border, said the statement yesterday.One Syrian SU-24 plane approached the Öncüpınar/Kilis border region, and then moved away only 5.6 sea miles from the Turkish border, the army said yesterday, adding that the Syrian SU-24 plane approached to Cilvegözü/Hatay border region, and moved back 8.6 sea miles from the Turkish border.Turkish warplanes headed to the region as a Syrian SU-24 plane approached the southern border of Öncüpınar/Kilis, which then moved away only 10 sea miles from the Turkish border, said the statement.Two other F-16 warplanes scrambled from İncirlik airbase for routine patrolling duty, headed for the border as Syrian MI-17 helicopter approached the border of southern Karbeyaz/Hatay, but the Syrian air vehicle moved away 4 sea miles from the Turkish border, said the statement.
Smartdust or Smatter is the general term used to describe military-grade, programmable matter that functions at the nano, pico and femto scales.
Smartdust is typically deployed during the beginning of a combat engagement as screens of highly versatile dust. These screens act as defensive particle shields; ablating, reflecting or deflecting enemy fire. Offensively, by generating disassembly fields and and zones of high static charge potential. Or logistically, by converting nearby matter into zones that retrofit and repair friendly vessels, or as local computational networks.
The latest version of Smartdust incorporate concepts and technologies directly from the 'Dust Shaper. Some of these include high-bandwidth, FTL communication; which enables vastly improved computation power. Follotic Link technology, which provides the ability to induce local phase transitions in the very fabric of space-time, greatly increasing offensive capabilities.
Featured here is the new 'Lor' Class Supercarrier, upgraded with the Smartdust compatible, F-Link arrays.
Tools: Cinema 4D, Vray, Apophysis Photoshop, Illustrator
---------------------------------------------------------------
Submitting art work here again feels good. Hopefully it won't be the last one for the year.
(CNN) Police in Cheshire, England, said they are responding to reports of a plane crash at CarFest, a car and music festival.
The Press Association of UK said that the plane nose-dived during a display and crashed at Oulton Park on Saturday. The pilot of the plane has died, said CarFest founder and BBC presenter Chris Evans in televised comments.
"Our condolences go out to their family, who have been informed," Evans told reporters.
"The police have also advised us that the best thing, and the safest thing to do, is to carry on with the event -- bearing in mind there are 10,000 children here. That's what we're going to do," Evans said in addition.
CarFest organizers said they are working with authorities and using footage captured by people close to the event in their investigation.
Read More
Say whatever you like about democracy, but it's still the best system that man, or woman has managed to think up of so far for delegating power and structuring his, or their society. Democracy is so great that this will be the third time in two years that the people of the U.K will have been asked to go to the polls and enjoy the thrill of democracy, proving that you can never have too much of a good thing
If last year's E.U referendum is anything to go by then anything is possible in the forthcoming election. When Theresa May called for a snap election, ignoring the Fixed-term Parliaments Act that their own party brought into effect just 6 years prior, the polls gave their Conservative party a 22 point lead. Now that she's been out meeting the public she's been able to reduce that lead to single figures. YouGov's latest poll has the Tory lead at just four points over Labour, as at 5 June. It's been a somewhat fragmented election campaign owing to a handful of murderous bastards perpetrating acts of extreme violence in the name of a morally bankrupt ideology. If these maniacs hadn't forced suspensions to the campaigning, it's reasonable to assume that the more the public would have seen of Theresa May the more appealing Jeremy Corbyn would have become and maybe the Labour party would even be ahead in the polls.
The parallels between Theresa May and Hilary Clinton are obvious. It's like watching two people in quicksand, the more they struggle the more they get consumed. The more they talk the better their opponent seems to do. In the near future, if anyone has any sense, political candidates will just say nothing throughout their campaigns, a strategy adopted by Blackadder when they put forward Baldrick to run in a by-election:
So with Theresa May projecting all the charm of toxic waste seeping into an orphanage, this raises Jeremy Corbyn's profile, without them actually having to do anything. When Corbyn does speak, they sound like a 1970's politics student who only got as far as reading Marx's Das Kapital. I've got nothing wrong with Marxism per se, it's just that I'm not sure how viable it is to the complex economies that we have today. Corbyn is also very open minded towards the ideology of terrorists, I have a hard time validating this stance towards terrorism in light of recent events. But whatever Corbyn might think or say is of little consequence, Corbyn's most electable quality is that he's not Theresa May.
Essentially, on Thursday the people of the United Kingdom have to chose between Jeremy Corbyn, a man who looks like they would be more comfortable pottering around an allotment, or Theresa May, a woman who we can't trust to sit the right way round on a toilet.
A friend of mine made the following analogy of this Thursday's election:
… so we are faced with a choice that is similar to being asked to move a dog turd. You can either pick it up with your bare hands and take to the bin, or pick it up with your bare hands and put it in your pocket.
Crude as though the dog turd analogy might be, I consider it to be fairly accurate one. The British electorate is once again being asked to choose between the lesser of two evils:
There can be little doubt that this general election pits two of the blandest party leaders against one another, offering the electorate a choice of either grey or beige. But, if our democracy can be so easily reduced to turd analogies and choosing between two evils, then I'm left to wonder if the terrorists haven't already won.
While we should consider elections to be meaningful and terrorism to be a very real
threat, I was saddened to hear of the death of Peter Sallis. Sallis starred in the BBC's Last of the Summer Wine for 37 years, and provided the voice of Wallace in the multi award winning Wallace and Gromit animations. As a child I spent many a Sunday having tea and sandwiches, whilst watching Last of the Summer Wine, which was essentially three old men wandering aimlessly around the verdant Yorkshire Dales accompanied by a hauntingly beautiful theme tune. Now that's something a jihadist will never understand. In fact that's what I recommend for radicalised extremists, they should be forced to watch all 37 years of Last of the Summer Wine, can there be a surer way of curing a person of homicidal ambitions?
Advertisements
Nasri could face 4-year ban
By Football Espana staff
Sevilla's Samir Nasri faces the prospect of being banned from football for up to four years with the World Anti-Doping Agency investigating their actions.
The Independent understands WADA are treating the case with 'the upmost urgency' after the midfielder, on loan from Manchester City, was found to have visited the Los Angeles intravenous therapy clinic 'Drip Doctors' last month.
The Spanish Agency for Health Protection in Sport (AEPSAD) – who covers anti-doping in the country – confirmed last month that the Frenchman is now under investigation (http://www.football-espana.net/62235/nasri-under-investigation).
Intravenous therapy is banned by WADA unless it is administered under quantities of 50 mililitres per six-hour period, although the 'Drip Doctors' clinic suggests their treatment is 100 militres in this time period.
“Whilst WADA does not yet have the full details and facts [regarding the situation], we are aware of this matter and expect the relevant anti-doping organization to investigate further,” said the organisation's spokesperson Ben Nichols.
“As with all anti-doping matters, we will be monitoring the work conducted by the applicable anti-doping organization.
“It is important that information is provided to and gathered by the investigating anti-doping organization as quickly as possible and in as much detail as possible, because the longer the period between the incident and the investigation, the greater the risk that certain evidence may no longer exist.
“Anti-doping organizations are required to come to a decision efficiently and without undue delay as to whether the proceedings should be brought against the athlete or other person."
The French midfielder is free to play for Los Rojiblancos in the meantime and they featured against Real Madrid in Wednesday's Copa Del Rey defeat, but a 'swift conclusion' is expected.
OAKLAND, CA - MARCH 18: Doron Lamb #1 of the Orlando Magic while they face the Golden State Warriors on March 18, 2014 at Oracle Arena in Oakland, California. NOTE TO USER: User expressly acknowledges and agrees that, by downloading and or using this photograph, user is consenting to the terms and conditions of Getty Images License Agreement. Mandatory Copyright Notice: Copyright 2014 NBAE (Photo by Rocky Widner/NBAE via Getty Images) (Photo by Rocky Widner/NBAE via Getty Images)
The Dallas Mavericks have announced the signing of free agent guard and former Kentucky Wildcat Doron Lamb.
Lamb, 22, has spent three seasons in the NBA after being drafted by the Bucks with the 42nd pick in the 2012 draft.
Last season, Lamb appeared in 53 games with the Orlando Magic, averaging 3.6 points and 13.1 minutes. The former Wildcat has career averages of 3.5 points, 1.0 rebound and 12.7 minutes in 100 games as a reserve player.
Lamb declared for the NBA Draft after their sophomore season, in which they averaged 13.7 points on 47.4 percent from the field. They were named All-SEC second team.
That 2012 Kentucky squad, which won the National Championship, also saw Anthony Davis and Michael Kidd-Gilchrist depart for the NBA.
(©2014 CBS Local Media, a division of CBS Radio Inc. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.)
Latest News:
Top Trending:
OTTAWA — Documents released to the House of Commons this week show the federal government paid nearly $1,900 for more than a dozen cardboard cut-outs of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau that were put on display at some Canadian missions abroad before their use was quickly banned and they were placed in storage. The figures are found in answers to inquiries from Conservative MP Ben Lobb, who asked which departments and agencies bought the cut-outs, how much each cost and who authorized the purchase.
Conservative MP Chris Warkentin tried, in jest, to table a life-size cardboard cutout of Justin Trudeau in the House Tuesday. The Tories questioned the government on why nearly $1,900 was spent on cutouts of the prime minister.
Global Affairs Canada says the department bought 14 of the cut-outs, ranging in price from $63.24 for an individual cut-out to as high as $239.27 for two. Read more:Global Affairs Canada nixes cardboard cut-outs of Justin Trudeau Other costs included shipping and, in one case, $464.20 for a wooden backing frame to hold the life-size image of Trudeau in a black suit, black shirt and silver tie.
Article Continued Below
The response did not say who approved the purchases. Soon after they were seen at events at Canadian missions and government-sponsored events in the United States, Global Affairs instructed missions to no longer use the replicas to promote Canada. The prime ministerial replicas had been put on display at an event last June organized by the Canadian consulate in Atlanta and in March at a Canadian music festival in Austin, Texas. In its response to Lobb's questions, dated Mar. 21, Global Affairs said Canada was “re-engaging with the world to champion the values that Canadians hold dear and advance our interests.” But the Conservatives question what value the Liberals place on vanity.
Toronto Star music critic Ben Rayner, right, poses with a cardboard cut-out of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau at Canada House at South by Southwest in Austin, Texas, on March 15. Documents released to the House of Commons this week show the federal government paid nearly $1,900 for more than a dozen cardboard cut-outs of Trudeau. ( Toronto Star )
“I don't think a two-dimensional cut-out of our prime minister champions our values,” said Tory MP John Brassard. “There's hard-working Canadians who don't have $2,000 in their bank accounts and yet foreign affairs is buying cardboard cut-outs of our prime minister.”
Read more about:
Earlier this month, drawing app developer Astro HQ released a video of a really clever new idea for its apps: it turned the iPad's front camera into a button, letting you tap on the lens to activate things on screen. It was a smart way to free up screen space, but as it turns out, Apple doesn't agree. Astro said today that its app was rejected from the App Store for violating Apple's guidelines.
In particular, Apple pointed to a section saying that apps couldn't “alter or disable the functions of standard switches, such as the Volume Up/Down and Ring/Silent switches, or other native user interface elements or behaviors.” While Astro's app, Astropad Studio, wasn't strictly altering a switch, it did make the camera stop acting like a camera, which seems to at least break the spirit of the rule.
Apple is extremely strict about what it does and does not allow into its App Store, so this rejection isn't a huge surprise. The company uses its position as a gatekeeper to make sure that apps don't alter the experience of using its devices, maintaining consistency in a way that'll be clear to users. It seems hard to argue that a small tweak like this in an app meant for professional illustrators really would have had a deleterious effect on the platform, but Apple has rejected apps for less.
Nanyang Technological University, which has traditionally lagged behind the National University of Singapore in international rankings, has upset the apple cart and overtaken Singapore's oldest university this year.
In the Quacquarelli Symonds (QS) World University Rankings released this morning, NTU moved up two places to be ranked 11th, while NUS fell from the 12th to 15th position. Singapore Management University was placed in the 441-450 category.
NTU has made improvements across four of the six metrics that QS uses to rank universities and has made the biggest gains in employer reputation and citations per faculty.
QS said analysis of Scopus/Elsevier academic citations data shows that NUS has higher overall research output and citations impact.
But NTU scored higher because of how QS assesses research impact. Since 2015, QS has adjusted the research data numbers to offset the advantage that institutions with large volumes of medical research have.
Also, NTU has fewer faculty members - 4,300 as opposed to 5,100 at NUS - resulting in a higher citations-per-faculty score.
"This disparity is the primary driver of NTU's success this year," said QS, adding that NTU's ascendancy is also best understood as part of a recurrent global trend - "universities with a heavy technological focus have made consistent improvements and, in many cases, are gaining ground".
Mr Ben Sowter, research director at QS, said NUS and NTU appear to share a common comparative narrative with Harvard and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. MIT overtook Harvard in the 2012 rankings.
"So perhaps it has only been a matter of time before NTU's parallel journey would carry them ahead of NUS, as it has this year," they said.
MIT held its No. 1 position for the sixth year running in the table which ranks the world's top 959 higher-education institutions this year. Stanford is second and Harvard, third.
Professor Bertil Andersson, president of NTU, noted that the university had risen from the 74th place in the 2010 QS ranking, and said: "As a university, we have been in hyper drive - ramping up research, designing innovative academic and research programmes, building new facilities and more." They said NTU's young and upcoming scientists make up 8 per cent of the faculty, but they account for almost 40 per cent of NTU's citations in top research journals.
"They represent the NTU of tomorrow," they said.
Mr Sowter said NTU's rise showed that young, well-run institutions could quickly achieve success.
They said NUS, which was ranked No. 1 in Asia for academic and employer reputation, "remains consistently excellent", but dropped a couple of places owing to the "ever-escalating standards" set by the world's leading universities.
NUS president Tan Chorh Chuan said: "NUS will continue to stay focused on bringing positive impact to the communities we serve through education and research."
They also commented on NUS' placing in another ranking released today - Asia's 75 most innovative universities - where NUS was placed 11th, the same as last year.
Prof Tan said it was recognition of the "deep impact" of NUS' research towards the advancement of science and technology.
NTU has climbed from its 35th position last year to be placed 25th this year in the list by Reuters.
According to Traveller 24, Kuwait is going to become the first nation in the world to conduct total mandatory DNA tagging, which applies both to their own population and tourists.
The legislation that will make DNA tagging mandatory will come in effect later this year. After that each and every person entering the country will undergo a mandatory DNA sampling. This will be done by taking samples of saliva or blood (by person's choice). Refusing to undergo such procedure will cause "consequences" that have yet to be specified.
According to Kuwaiti officials, this measure will help in crime investigations and keeping track of people but, they claimed, the practice won't affect people's freedom or privacy.
Kuwait will become the first country in the world to implement total DNA tagging and to create a national security DNA database. In order to do that, a sampling station will be deployed in the Kuwait National Airport. Mobile DNA testing centers will move through the state, performing DNA testing on people in a way, similar to ID check by a police officer. The DNA tagging will only be used for "criminal security purposes" according to Kuwaiti officials
VTB, Russia's second biggest lender, has signed a deal with Bank of China, which includes an agreement to pay each other in domestic currencies.
“Under the agreement, the banks plan to develop their partnership in a number of areas, including cooperation on ruble and renminbi settlements, investment banking, inter-bank lending, trade finance and capital-markets transactions,” says the official VTB statement.
The deal underlines VTB Group's growing interest in Asian markets and will help grow trade between Russia and China that are already close trading partners, said VTB Bank Management Board Vasily Titov.
An Agreement on Cooperation was signed by Titov and Bank of China President Chen Siqing in Shanghai on Tuesday in the presence of Russian President Vladimir Putin and Chinese President Xi Jinping.
VTB Group is Russia's second biggest financial institution with more than 30 banks and financial firms in more than 20 countries. Its assets were estimated at 8.8 billion rubles as of 2013, with a profit of 100.5 billion rubles.
Growing trade and investment
The agreement comes as a part of Russia's larger scale pivot to Asia, as Western economies threaten sanctions over the turmoil in Ukraine. Sanctions by the US and the EU have been mostly limited to visa bans and asset freezes on some leading Russian officials, and so far only threatening a so-called third round of real economic sanctions against Russian businesses.
In the first day of a two-day trip to China Russia's President Vladimir Putin said the two countries will be increasing their bilateral trade to reach a new level.
“Our countries have done a huge job to reach a new historic landmark…. China has firmly settled in a position of our key trade partner,” Putin said.
Putin also said that trade turnover between Russia and China grew almost 2 percent during 2013 to reach about $90 billion.
“If we sustain this pace the level of bilateraltradeof $100 billion will be reached by 2015 and we'll confidently move on,” Putin said.
Increasing investment cooperation is crucial, Putin added. Holding the first Russia-China EXPO in Harbin this summer help towards that, they said.
In Shanghai Russia and China also agreed to set up a Committee on Investment Cooperation that will enable consultations between the countries' first vice premiers and representatives of state and private companies.
“Together it'll be possible to discuss investment in various projects much more efficiently and clearly,” as Interfax quotes Kirill Dmitriyev the head of Russia's Direct Investment Fund.
In terms of concrete deals the Russia-China Investment Fund (RCIF) and Vcanland, a leading Chinese tourism developer, have agreed to invest $800 million in development of tourism and social projects.
"Most of the money (60 - 70%) will be spent on tourism development. The geographical focus will be on destinations such as Hainan Island, Lake Baikal, the cities of Vladivostok and Sochi," Dmitriyev said.
China is the second most popular destination for Russian tourists, and Russia - the third most popular destination for Chinese, and in the next 10 years the Russian tourism sector will be growing, according to forecasts by the RCIF.
In 2013, the volume of Chinese direct investments in the Russian economy grew five-fold to $4 billion. By the start of 2013, the total amount of Russia's direct investments in China was valued at $847.7 million. Forty projects with investment of 20 billion dollars are on the drawing board. The power sector is the driving force behind Sino-Russian cooperation, although agriculture and agribusiness also have huge cooperation potential.
Nelly Rape Accuser Says They Will NOT Testify
Nelly's Rape Accuser Says They Will NOT Testify, Wants to Drop the Case (UPDATE)
EXCLUSIVE
4:20 PM PT -- Nelly's attorney Scott Rosenblum tells us ...the accuser's "reckless accusation, once investigated thoroughly, was exposed for what it was-a fabrication. A fabrication that has caused Nelly and their family to suffer emotionally and financially."
He's not satisfied though, and says they want a public apology from the woman, and will recommend Nelly consider taking legal action against them The woman who accused Nelly of rape is refusing to testify, and wants the whole matter dropped ... TMZ has learned.
The woman's attorney, Karen Koehler, says their client has told the Auburn PD in Washington State, and the King County D.A. to "put a halt to the criminal investigation of [Nelly]. They will not testify further in a criminal proceeding against him."
Koehler says the young woman feels the system has failed them and they can't stand up to a celebrity. "Who will believe them People are saying horrible things already. They cannot handle this.  They are about to break."
Koehler added ... the woman was especially dismayed by the fact police told the media they had met with them and prosecutors -- after they were assured no one would know about the meeting until the investigation was closed.
TMZ broke the story ... the accuser told police Nelly raped them on their tour bus early last Saturday morning. They denied the allegation, and claimed they were motivated by greed, money and fame.
The woman's refusal to testify would make it difficult, although not impossible, for prosecutors to move forward with a case.
Prime Minister Tony Abbott has raised the prospect of Australia leaving the United Nations refugee convention after a key plank of the government's border protection plan was scuttled in the Senate.
The Labor opposition and Australian Greens voted in the Senate late on Monday night to overturn temporary protection visas (TPVs).
Mr Abbott, who has been under significant pressure on federal schools funding, described Labor MPs as "wreckers and vandals" who were giving the Australian people a "two-fingered salute" by blocking government bills.
They threatened to make the House of Representatives sit until Christmas to pass new yet-to-be-revealed laws to make up for the axing of TPVs, as well as to repeal the carbon and mining taxes and raise the debt ceiling to $500 billion.
"I don't think the Labor party should get a free pass at Christmas time if it's not prepared to accept that the people voted a certain way," Mr Abbott said.
The refugee convention could also be in the firing line, despite Mr Abbott saying the government respected it.
"We think it's important that it be dealt with properly and we'll have more to say on this in the days and weeks ahead," Mr Abbott said.
The prime minister has previously expressed concerns with the way the convention, which Australia ratified in 1954, had been "imported into Australian law".
Withdrawing from the convention could damage Australia's regional and international reputation, especially as it is currently a member of the UN Security Council and is hosting the G20 summit in 2014.
Convention signatories are obliged to give refugees certain rights, such as the right not to be returned to persecution against their will.
The convention also lays down basic minimum standards for the treatment of refugees, including access to courts, primary education and work.
In July, then prime minister Kevin Rudd suggested the convention's scope needed broadening to bring it into line with modern-day refugee movement.
Meanwhile, Opposition Leader Bill Shorten kept Labor's focus in parliament on schools funding, quizzing Mr Abbott on the details of what the prime minister described as a national agreement with the states and territories.
Asked whether the government would keep Labor's $1-for-$2 rate of co-contribution with the states, Mr Abbott said: "I am responsible for what the commonwealth does."
Education Minister Christopher Pyne said the coalition's deal would make schools more than $1 billion better off over four years, without Labor's "red tape".
Greens deputy leader Adam Bandt, whose party is in talks with the coalition to find a way of passing the debt ceiling laws, said Mr Abbott needed to take a more constructive approach to all of its bills.
"Tony Abbott needs to understand that it wasn't just the last parliament that was a minority parliament - this one is, too," Mr Bandt said.
The Greens may allow the debt ceiling bill to pass the Senate if it is amended to abolish the ceiling altogether and the government agrees to be transparent about what any new debt is for.
Labor's manager of opposition business Tony Burke said the opposition was unfazed by Mr Abbott's threat to extend parliament until the end of the year. "We're all for it," they said.
Labor and Greens have vowed to block the carbon and mining tax repeal bills, which are aimed at abolishing both taxes from July 1, 2014.
(Photo: Mike Mozart; Edited: LW / TO)
Another day, another example of the disastrous effect Reaganomics has had on our country's business culture.
Ever since their bank was fined $185 million for illegally opening millions of accounts in its customers' names to help boost profits, Wells Fargo CEO John Stumpf has insisted that they only discovered what was going on in 2013.
That's what they said when testifying before Congress, and it's what he's said in all public remarks on the scandal.
There's only one problem: John Stumpf appears to be lying.
See more news and opinion from Thom Hartmann at Truthout here.
The New York Times reports that Wells Fargo employees began complaining to their superiors about the illegal practices they were seeing as far back as 2005, eight years before John Stumpf said they heard about them. What's even more damning is that many of these complaints were apparently addressed to John G. Stumpf himself.
As the Times reports this week: “For years … identical complaints from Wells Fargo workers flowed into the bank's internal ethics hotline, its human resources department, and individual managers and supervisors. In at least two cases in 2011, employees wrote letters directly to Mr. Stumpf … to describe the illegal activities they had witnessed.”
And what happened to these brave Wells Fargo employees after they blew the whistle on what they were seeing? They were punished. Some were outright fired, others were accused to ethics violations themselves, and still others were fired and then rehired again for lower pay.
Meanwhile, the culture of greed at the company continued to fester.
According to one Wells Fargo employee who testified this week before the California Legislature, the pressure to boost sales was so great that they and their co-workers were actually denied bathroom breaks if they didn't meet expectations.
You really couldn't ask for a better example of how much damage Reaganomics has done to the business culture in this country.
There's nothing wrong with wanting to make money, but when President Ronald Reagan and their free-market cronies came to town in the 1980s, something changed in US corporate culture. Businesses were no longer just encouraged to make money — they were encouraged to make as much money by any means possible, no matter what the cost.
This new way of thinking was captured brilliantly in Oliver Stone's film Wall Street when Michael Douglas' character, Gordon Gekko, tells an audience of stockholders that “greed is good.”
This point of view was shared by President Reagan, which is why they and the Republican Party did everything they could to reward greed in our economy.
It's why Reagan functionally stopped enforcing the Sherman Act — so that big companies could merge with other big companies to create giant monopolies, kicking off the “merger mania.”
It's why they dropped the top marginal tax rate for the super-rich from 70 percent down to 28 percent over the course of their administration.
It's also why they changed the tax code, so that CEOs were purely incentivized by greed to increase share prices and dividends.
Tax and accounting rules were both changed in the 1980s to turn CEOs into shareholders more than employees. This was done by converting huge chunks of their compensation from payroll into stocks and stock options.
The idea here was to connect CEO pay with the company's performance and therefore encourage efficiency in business practices and create a lot of money for everyone involved.
What it actually did, though, was give corporate executives an incentive to cut as many corners as possible to make as much money as possible, everything and everyone else be damned.
There is a direct line from this to what we're seeing right now with Wells Fargo.
John Stumpf and the other Wells Fargo higher-ups didn't apparently ignore complaints from employees about the illegal goings-on at their company because they were lazy and didn't want to deal with the problem.
They ignored them because, thanks to Reagan, doing so was in their best interest as shareholders.
So if we really want to stop other banks from doing what Wells Fargo did, we need to repudiate Reaganomics and the tax structure and business rules that allow it flourish. Start enforcing the Sherman Act and break up the giant corporate monopolies. Raise the top tax rate. And eliminate the corporate deduction for compensating executives with stock and stock options. If they want stock in their own companies, they can buy it just like you and me.
Only then we will stop greed from dominating our economy and distorting our business culture.
HANOVER, N.J. – The New York Red Bulls will end a 20-day break from MLS action when they take on rivals the Philadelphia Union this weekend, but they will have to do so without Designated Player Tim Cahill.
The Australian international has been ruled out for Sunday's match at PPL Park (5 pm ET, ESPN, live chat on MLSsoccer.com) because of a minor groin injury and personal matter that have forced them to stay in Australia, where they recently helped the Socceroos punch their ticket to the 2014 World Cup in Brazil.
Cahill played in a 1-0 World Cup qualifying win over Iraq in Australia on Tuesday, and Red Bulls head coach Mike Petke said the midfielder sustained their minor knock late in the game, which led to Cahill being substituted in the 78th minute.
“He's not going to be here this weekend,” Petke told reporters after training on Friday. “He's got a family emergency and a little bit of a groin strain, little bit of one, or a groin issue. That's why they came out in the game against Iraq and he'll be staying in Australia to deal with the family situation and rest up a bit and be ready to roll before [the Houston Dynamo match on June 30].”
READ: Red Bulls welcome two trialists, DP search shelved for now
With Cahill out, the Red Bulls are now without two of their top central midfield options. Juninho is also unavailable for the match against New York's I-95 rivals because of yellow card-accumulation.
That leaves Petke with a decision to make as to who they pair Dax McCarty with in central midfield. The options Petke has at their disposal are rookie Michael Bustamante or Eric Alexander, who has played in more of a wide role for the Red Bulls but served centrally when needed.
In any case, Petke and the Red Bulls are confident that whoever steps in will help the club get the job done against the Union.
“We have options and we're happy with our options,” said Petke. “Guys had a good week in training and we're looking forward to this game.”
Franco Panizo covers the New York Red Bulls for MLSsoccer.com. They can be reached by email at Franco8813@gmail.com.
How often have you wished to know a simple yet tasty dish especially when you are expecting some guests at home? Something that everybody would like and appreciate and won't be too intricate to prepare?
Chicken fettuccine Casserole is here to save the day! This dish, primarily made out of fettuccine and chicken, can be the new favorite dish of your near and dear ones. Let us now take a look as to how to prepare the dish.
Ingredients
Refrigerated Fettuccine: 1 packet
Butter or margarine: 3 tablespoons
Chicken Broth: 1 and 3/4th cups.
Half and half: ½ cup (a mixture of milk and cream).
Cubed cooked chicken: 1 and1/2 cups.
Oil-packed sun-dried tomatoes, drained and cut into thin strips: ½ cup.
Bacon slices, crisply cooked and crumbled: 2 slices.
Shredded Parmesan cheese: 3 tablespoons.
Method
Step 1 You need to follow the following instructions to prepare the dish. Heat oven to 350 degrees. Use some cooking spray on the baking dish. Cook and drain fettucine as directed on the package. Step 2 While fettuccine is cooking, semi heat a saucepan and melt the butter in it. Put some flour into the butter and stir it. Now, start mixing both butter and flour. Now, add the chicken broth and keep stirring. Boil the whole mixture while you still stir it, then remove it from heat. Stir half and half. Now, add the chicken, tomatoes and bacon. Step 3 Now, add the cooked fettuccine to the chicken mixture. Put the whole mixture, including fettuccine and chicken, into the baking dish. Sprinkle some cheese over it and bake the uncovered dish for about half an hour. Step 4 Your dish is ready to be served. You can get some drink to accompany it. You can experiment a bit by replacing bacon with something else. This can be the perfect dish for an evening date or house party.
Leave a comment below and let us know about your ideas. Sign up with us and get new recipes every day of the week!
WASHINGTON — When 10 people in New York City developed a very rare form of eye cancer over just a four-year period, doctors were puzzled. The cancer, called vitreoretinal lymphoma, had been diagnosed in the U.S. only a handful of times over the previous 20 years.
The doctors tried to figure out what might have caused this rare cancer in these 10 patients, all of whom were diagnosed between 2010 and 2013, and they discovered that six of the patients had an interesting connection: They all had lived near the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant.
The Chernobyl disaster is considered the worst nuclear power plant accident in history: On April 26, 1986, an explosion occurred at the plant in Ukraine, leaking massive amounts of cancer-causing radiation into the atmosphere. [Cancer-Fighting Diet: 6 Tips to Reduce Your Risk]
Vitreoretinal lymphoma is a type of eye cancer that affects white blood cells in the retina, the optic nerve or the vitreous humor (the gel-like substance found inside the eye), said Roxana Moslehi, a genetic epidemiologist at the University at Albany, State University of New York, and the senior author of the study on the New York cases. The doctors who diagnosed the cancers had reached out to Moslehi when they realized they were seeing something strange happening with the rates of this cancer, they said.
Moslehi set out to determine if the cases of vitreoretinal cancer represented a "cluster" — in other words, a group of cases that are close together in time and location and occur at higher rates than expected. They presented their findings here today (April 2) at the American Association for Cancer Research's annual meeting. The findings have not been published in a peer-reviewed journal.
Based on data from the New York State Cancer Registry, Moslehi found that statistically, there should be only one case of vitreoretinal lymphoma in New York state in a four-year period. So to find 10 cases in New York City alone in that same time period was certainly "unanticipated," and represented a cluster, they said. Moslehi also looked at national rates of the disease, and also found incredibly low rates.
To figure out what could be causing this cluster, the researchers looked for commonalities among the patients, Moslehi said. They noted that eight of the 10 were of Ashkenazi Jewish descent, they said.
But even more interesting to the researchers was that six of the 10 patients had lived near Chernobyl at the time of the disaster, Moslehi said. Four of the patients had lived in Ukraine, one patient had lived in Poland and one patient had lived in Moldova, according to the case report.
"It was very surprising to discover this," Moslehi told Live Science. The cause of vitreoretinal lymphoma is unknown, "so any clues that you get as to possible causes make you very excited," they said. [10 Do's and Don'ts to Reduce Your Risk of Cancer]
Indeed, in looking through the literature, the researchers found several studies linking other types of lymphoma to exposure to radiation, Moslehi said. For example, clean-up workers at Chernobyl have been shown to have higher rates of a type of cancer called chronic lymphocytic leukemia, they said. In addition, rates of leukemia in children and adults are increased in people who were exposed to either Chernobyl or the atomic bombs that the U.S. dropped on Japan during World War II, they said. (Both leukemia and lymphoma affect white blood cells.)
The New York City patients who had lived near Chernobyl ranged in age from 62 to 85 at the time of their diagnosis, according to the case report. The diagnoses took place between 24 and 27 years after the nuclear disaster, meaning that a number of the patients were in their late 30s when the disaster took place. Moslehi is still looking at the cases in the other four patients, who did not live near Chernobyl, for clues in those cases, they said.
There was also another cluster of cases that involved related conditions, called myeloproliferative disorders, that was found in Israel, Moslehi said. Myeloproliferative disorders cause blood cells proliferative abnormally. Similar to the group in New York City, the patients in Israel were of Ashkenazi Jewish ethnicity and lived near Chernobyl at the time of the disaster.
Moslehi noted that they "still cannot link this disease or lymphoma to radiation per se" — more studies are needed to fully understand the cause. For example, it may be that Ashkenazi Jews are more susceptible to the effects of radiation, they said.
Editor's note: This story was corrected from the original version. The Israeli cluster had myeloproliferative disorders, not vitreoretinal lymphoma.
Originally published on Live Science.
Two lawmakers are taking steps to stop drones from interfering in firefighting efforts after several incidents in California. Terry McSweeney reports. (Published Monday, July 20, 2015)
Two lawmakers are taking steps to stop drones from interfering in firefighting efforts after several incidents in California.
One bill, SB167, would increase fines and make jail time possible for drone use that interferes with firefighting efforts.
And on Monday, Republican Sen. Ted Gaines of El Dorado and Democratic Assemblyman Mike Gatto of Glendale also announced SB168, which would grant immunity to emergency responders who damage drones during firefighting or rescue operations.
It comes after firefighters say efforts to put out a large wildfire on Interstate 15 last week were hampered by five drones being flown in the area.
Friday's blaze destroyed 20 vehicles on the freeway linking Southern California and Las Vegas. It spread to other communities and has since burned more homes and vehicles.
In June, a Southwest Airlines pilot at Oakland International Airport said they saw a 5-foot long drone flying in restricted airspace.
"Ideally the FAA would need to be able to dispatch an emergency signal for a specific GPS location where all drones would receive the information and ground themselves safely," said Sahand Barati, an Oakland resident and president of the International Drone Racing Association.
Barati said the FAA and drone manufacturers need to work together.
NBC Bay Area's Terry McSweeney contributed to this report.
Copyright Associated Press
It's been a good week for those in the market for something small, Italian, and two-seat-flavoured.
Yesterday we saw the Fiat 124 – Italy's MX-5-based answer to the MX-5 – and today comes the Abarth 695 Biposto Record, a Fiat 500 with heady aspirations.
It sounds, on paper, pleasingly fruity. The Biposto Record employs Abarth's favourite 1.4-litre ‘Turbo T-Jet' four-cylinder, making 187bhp.
Weighing in at a mere 997kg – thanks to the removal of the rear seats, carbon buckets up front, and a host of other weight-reduction measures – the Biposto Record will get from 0-62mph in 5.9 seconds, and on to a top speed of 142mph.
For something with the footprint of, um, an actual shoe, that's mighty respectable pace.
However. Such respectable pace comes at a cost. And that cost is £36,610. That is, you'll notice, a lot of money for a hopped-up Fiat 500.
Specifically it's £7,670 more than the new 345bhp, four-wheel drive Focus RS. It's £5,480 more than the absurdly competent VW Golf R. And it's £1,535 more than the 326bhp, rear-drive BMW M235i.
Abarth would like to make clear that you're paying, in part, for exclusivity: just 133 Biposto Records shall be built, all finished in that unique ‘Modena Yellow' paintjob.
Is such exclusivity worth, in cash terms, very nearly two MX-5s? Or three Suzuki Jimnys? Or indeed six Dacia Sanderos? Insert your own #ThingsCheaperThanTheBipostoRecord below…
KIM DOTCOM: Their electoral base will be the generation born into the internet age.
John Key must be hoping that Kim Dotcom is extradited before the election, because if Dotcom is still here in November there's every chance that Key's Government won't be.
Those who make it their business to know what's going on politically began hearing the rumours more than two months ago: That talk of a Dotcom inspired and funded political party was no longer talk: that action was being taken to make it happen; that high-profile individuals were being approached to take on the public roles required to bring a new political party into existence.
These individuals are young, wired and mercifully free of the sort of ideological and historical baggage that connects both National and Labour politicians to the "failed policies of the past". Dotcom's "Megaparty" (its working title) will not be about the past, it will be about the future.
As a party of the future, Megaparty will appeal mostly to those voters with the most future to appeal to - the young.
Its electoral base will be the generation born into the internet age: young New Zealanders in their late teens and early twenties; tech savvy, media wise, eager to make their mark but frustrated by an older, baby- boom, generation which refuses to make way for those best-placed to deal with the daunting challenges and changes of the digital age.
It's a demographic that is at once aggressively individualistic and touchingly collective: keen to make their personal contribution, but equally eager to share it.
A generation which, ideologically-speaking, finds little to connect with in either National or Labour.
If these kids vote at all, it is probably for the Greens - but even there the wagging finger of environmental correctness is as likely to offend their anarchic instincts as it is to engage them.
Dotcom has already issued a compressed version of the Megaparty's manifesto - tellingly to the international website/ magazine, Vice: "Government is supposed to serve us, the people. We are paying with our taxes [in the expectation] that they do a good job for us. But look what they do: they undermine our rights, they destroy our freedoms, they censor our internet. So we are the ones who have to bring that change.
"That is why I get involved in politics because I am f...... tired of this nonsense and someone has to stand up and change this."
That Dotcom cannot actually stand for election (he is not a New Zealand citizen) will likely make their party more, rather than less, electable. The idea that someone might set up a party for strictly altruistic and politically limited purposes: to roll back the legislative assaults on individual rights and freedoms and preserve the independence of the internet; will have huge appeal among the young who tend to view the political class in general and professional politicians in particular with withering disdain.
The documentary in which Vice News' Tim Pool talks to Dotcom reveals a man with an unusually powerful grasp on what makes the younger generation sit up and take notice.
Pool's reaction to the larger- than-life Dotcom is equally fascinating. The mansion, the sprawling lawns, the high-tech toys, nothing on the multi- millionaire's estate is either enviously resented or even slyly denigrated. On the contrary, the young reporter behaves like a child in a toy store and Dotcom shares in their excitement.
Business, commerce, capitalism itself: the younger generation doesn't damn these things as bad in themselves. It's the evil capitalism enables that they condemn. Like the Bible says: "The love of money is the root of all evil".
Dotcom's singular gift is their ability to turn money into fun - and then share it.
Statistics New Zealand estimate that on June 30, 2013, there were 333,840 New Zealanders aged 20-24 - more than enough to surmount the 5 per cent MMP threshold. A huge number of these young people are conveniently concentrated on the nation's campuses - making the universities and polytechs Megaparty's prime recruitment sites.
It's even possible that the tightly-packed electorate of Auckland Central, with its tens-of- thousands of young, upwardly- mobile, inner-city apartment- dwellers, might end up being persuaded to guarantee Dotcom's and Megaparty's success by electing their (carefully chosen) candidate to Parliament.
Impossible?
Not when one considers the 1984 success of that other high- profile, beguilingly- roguish, self- made millionaire, Sir Robert Jones. Or the surprise defection of Auckland Central voters from Labour's Richard Prebble, to the Alliance's Sandra Lee, back in 1993.
Given their history of making the internet dance to their tune, Dotcom's political apps and communication strategies are likely to give Megaparty a reach and a level of sophistication that New Zealanders have never before encountered.
"Let the masses see your talent and your gifts", the ebullient German entrepreneur told Vice's Tim Pool. With the launch of their party in late January, Kim Dotcom is poised to follow their own advice.
With Egypt having all but shuttered its border with Gaza, Israel allowed about twice the number of Gazans to exit through its Erez crossing in the first half of 2015 as in the same period the year before. But the permits are reserved mainly for merchants and medical patients, and some Gazan doctors and residents, as well as officials involved in the issuing of permits, say they have seen a parallel uptick in fraudulent referrals, slowing approvals for legitimate cases.
There is no firm data on how prevalent the practice is. The World Health Organization reported that 2,148 Gaza patients applied for permits in June, the highest monthly number since the agency began monitoring the process in 2006; 80 percent got through, a drop from the previous three months. The nonprofit Physicians for Human Rights wrote to the Israeli authorities last week complaining that eight patients who it had helped apply for medical transfers were denied permits in August, up from a typical two per month.
“We have a lot of cases of both fake papers and fake requests, and also just people that don't really need to get this treatment outside,” said the Israeli official who heads the permit division, speaking on the condition of anonymity because of their sensitive role. “Sometimes we find ourselves digging deep in certain requests just to make sure they're real, and other real requests are waiting.”
Patient applications from Gaza nearly quadrupled in less than a decade, to more than 18,000 in 2014 from 5,470 in 2006; there were 10,034 requests in the first half of 2015. Dr. Bassem al-Badri, a Palestinian dermatologist who runs Gaza's medical-referral office, and Anita Vitullo, manager of the W.H.O.'s health-advocacy project for Palestinians, both said the main drivers are Gaza's swelling population and the shortage of medicine, equipment and personnel in its overburdened hospitals, especially since last summer's war with Israel.
But Dr. Badri said that “about 10 percent” of applicants did not actually need treatment and that there were doctors in Gaza who charged patients $200 to $2,000 for unnecessary referrals. They blamed Israel for the growing black market, calling it “one of the crimes of the occupation.”
Thu May 07, 2015 12:19 pm
Hello fellow players!We're very excited to announce that starting this weekend, and for only 72 hours, Venice Unleashed will be open for everyone to use.Starting at Saturday, May 9th, 12:00 UTC , any registered Emulator Nexus member will be able to access all of the features Venice Unleashed provides, for 72 hours, without the requirement for a registered key.So clear your schedule, jump in, and help us discover possible bugs, test our new high frequency networking code, and stress-test our services.Your feedback will help us improve Venice Unleashed and our services, and will bring us one step closer to a fully open release.Have questions about the Open Bughunting Season?Make sure to check out our 72h Open Bughunting Season FAQ See you on the Battlefield!
In the battle between the two “Jungle Book” movies, Disney appears to have the upper hand.
The studio just enjoyed a massive $103.6 million opening weekend for its live-action update of its 1967 animated classic and is already hard at work on a sequel that would bring back director Jon Favreau and focus on more of Mowgli's adventures. Warner Bros. won't counter with its own version of the Rudyard Kipling tales until 2018, 30 months after the Disney version took multiplexes by storm.
“Warner Bros. has to be really concerned,” said Jeff Bock, an analyst with Exhibitor Relations. “It could spell disaster.”
The history of competing studio projects with similar story lines is nearly as old as the movie business itself. Think of how 1938's “Jezebel” and 1939's “Gone With the Wind” pitted two scheming Southern belles (Bette Davis and Vivian Leigh) against each other, or when 1964's “Dr. Strangelove” and the same year's “Fail Safe” dramatized accidental nuclear war, albeit one in comic form and the other as a straight drama.
The litany of competing projects shows no signs of slowing — sometimes with catastrophic results. Three years ago, 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue was attacked not once but twice in the span of three months. The first of this president in peril movies, “Olympus Has Fallen,” was first out of the gate and the most financially successful, racking up $161 million, against a budget of $70 million. The second, “White House Down,” made more globally, grossing $205.4 million, but lost money because it cost $150 million to produce and millions more to market. Other projects that suffered from over-familiarity include “Friends with Benefits” and “No Strings Attached,” two romantic comedies about casual sex; “Jobs” and “Steve Jobs,” different looks at the Apple founder; and “Tombstone” and “Wyatt Earp,” biopics about the legendary lawman. Both Jobs movies flopped, while “Friends with Benefits” and “Wyatt Earp” were money losers.
Related Warner Bros. Offers ‘Wonder Woman' Footage, Touts ‘Expansive' DC Comics Universe
“There's always a perception issue where if audiences feel like two movies are very similar, it can be problematic,” said Paul Dergarabedian, senior media analyst at comScore.
When it comes to “White House Down” versus “Olympus Has Fallen,” there was a clear case of winners and losers. But the history of dueling projects is more complicated. Instead of having one film that delivers a knockout punch to the other, many times these standoffs end in a draw. Sometimes both pictures get carried out of the ring in victory. Michael Bay's “Armageddon” landed in theaters two and a half months after another asteroid-on-collision-course-with-earth thriller, “Deep Impact.” Instead of cannibalizing each other, both films connected with audiences, with “Armageddon” becoming the highest-grossing film of 1998 globally and “Deep Impact” ranking among the year's biggest hits.
Though it's rare to have two films based on the same source material released within a short period, it has happened in the past. In 2012, “Mirror, Mirror” and “Snow White and the Huntsman” both took on the Grimms fairy tale, earning $183 million and $396.6 million, respectively. “Snow White and the Huntsman” performed well enough to justify a sequel, albeit one without Snow White. That follow-up, “The Huntsman: Winter's War,” hits theaters next Friday.
Warner Bros. has just started production on its version of the Kipling stories, but analysts say that the studio will be certain that its take is sufficiently different from what Disney and Favreau achieved with their telling of the man cub fable. It has tapped Andy Serkis, the motion-capture master behind “The Lord of the Rings'” Gollum, to direct and has assembled a top-shelf cast that includes Cate Blanchett, Christian Bale and Benedict Cumberbatch. Though Favreau was hailed by critics for making their version of “The Jungle Book” more realistic and less carbonated than the animated rendition, Warner Bros. could get darker still as a way of setting itself apart. That might mean reaching for older audiences by upping the action and getting a PG-13 rating.
“It's all about the message,” said Dergarabedian. “Within the marketing they have to show there's sufficient differentiation.”
Originally, the film was supposed to come out in October of 2017, but earlier this month Warner Bros. pushed the release date back by a year. The added time could help “Jungle Book” at the box office, giving it breathing room from the Disney version.
Over the longterm, however, Disney's success with fairy tales may start scaring off other studios. Along with “The Jungle Book,” the company has revitalized familiar stories such as “Oz: The Great and Powerful,” “Cinderella,” “Maleficent” and “Alice in Wonderland” to an average box office return of $700 million globally. With new versions of “Dumbo” and “Beauty and the Beast” on the horizon, as well as a return to Wonderland with this summer's “Alice Through the Looking Glass,” the studio may have a monopoly on stories that end in happily ever after.
“We're seeing story extensions and many of these movies are delving deeper into these worlds,” said Dave Hollis, Disney's distribution chief. “There's just something in the Disney DNA that allows us to have this kind of success ratio.”
Now the pressure's on for Warner Bros.' “Jungle Book” to make like Watson and Crick and discover its own double helix structure.
Have you ever had a bunch of data in an array, but needed to do a key/value lookup like you would with a hash? Fortunately, Ruby provides a mechanism for treating arrays as key-value structures. Let's check it out!
Introducing Array#assoc and Array#rassoc
Imagine that you've been given a magical stock-picking machine. Every few minutes it spits out a recommendation to buy or sell a stock. You've managed to hook it up to your computer, and receiving a stream of data that looks like this:
picks = [ [ "AAPL" , "buy" ] , [ "GOOG" , "sell" ] , [ "MSFT" , "sell" ] ]
To find the most recent guidance for Google, you could make use of the Array#assoc method. Here's what that looks like:
# Returns the first row of data where row[0] == "GOOG" picks . assoc ( "GOOG" ) # => ["GOOG", "sell"]
To find the most recent "sell" recommendation, you could use the Array#rassoc method.
# Returns the first row of data where row[1] == "sell" picks . rassoc ( "sell" ) # => ["GOOG", "sell"]
If no match is found, the methods return nil:
picks . assoc ( "CSCO" ) # => nil picks . rassoc ( "hold" ) # => nil
Historical data
Hashes can't have more than one value for a single key. But arrays can have as many duplicates as you like. The assoc and rassoc methods do the sensible thing in this case and return the first matching row they find. This lets us do some pretty interesting things.
Our imaginary stock picking machine provides a stream of data. Eventually, it's going to change its mind about a particular company and tell me to buy what it previously told me to sell. In that case our data looks like:
picks = [ [ "GOOG" , "buy" ] , [ "AAPL" , "sell" ] , [ "AAPL" , "buy" ] , [ "GOOG" , "sell" ] , [ "MSFT" , "sell" ] ]
If I were putting all of this data into a hash, updating the recommendation for a particular stock would cause me to lose any previous recommendations for that stock. Not so with the array. I can keep prepending recommendations to the array, knowing that Array#assoc will always give me the most recent recommendation.
# Returns the first row of data where row[0] == "GOOG" picks . assoc ( "GOOG" ) # => ["GOOG", "buy"]
So we get the key-value goodness of a hash, along with a free audit trail.
More than two columns
Another neat thing about assoc is that you're not limited to just two columns per array. You can have as many columns as you like. Suppose you added a timestamp to each buy/sell recommendation.
picks = [ [ "AAPL" , "buy" , "2015-08-17 12:11:55 -0700" ] , [ "GOOG" , "sell" , "2015-08-17 12:10:00 -0700" ] , [ "MSFT" , "sell" , "2015-08-17 12:09:00 -0700" ] ]
Now when we use assoc or rassoc , we'll get the timestamp as well:
# The entire row is returned picks . assoc ( "GOOG" ) # => ["GOOG", "sell", "2015-08-17 12:10:00 -0700"]
I hope you can see how useful this could be when dealing with data from CSV and other file formats that can have lots of columns.
Speed
Ruby's hashes will definitely outperform Array#assoc in most benchmarks. As the dataset gets bigger, the differences become more apparent. After all, hash table searches are O(1), while array searches are O(n). However in May cases the difference won't large enough for you to worry about - it depends on the details.
Just for fun, I wrote simple benchmark comparing hash lookup vs assoc for a 10 row dataset and for a 100,000 row datasets. As expected, the hash and array performed similarly with the small data set. With the large dataset, the hash dominated the array.
...though to be fair, I'm searching for the last element in the array, which is the worst case scenario for array searches.
So as you may already be aware, I like Batman a lot, which means I think about Batman all the time, and ever since I started writing comics, I've been thinking about what I would do if I could do a Batman story. That's pretty common, right? I mean, surely everyone has a Batman pitch in their back pocket just in case it ever comes up. One of mine, the one that I think could actually work really well, was The Batman of the 30th Century.
The basic idea comes from two things: One, that the Legion of Superheroes is founded as a Superman spinoff, which means there's a lot of Superman legacy stuff that shows up over the years, and there's a lot of Flash stuff that shows up from XS, Impulse and the Tornado Twins, but there's nothing in the Legion's future that indicates a legacy for Batman. (There's also nothing involving the Wonder Woman legacy, but, you know, that's a discussion for another time.) And yet, if you skip ahead to the 853rd Century of DC One Million, the Batman legacy is definitely alive and well.
Second, and the reason it's so weird that there's no Batman tie-in for the Legion, is that there actually was a “Batman of the 30th Century.” Their name's Brane Taylor, and they appear in a one-shot story in 1954. It's not all that obscure among people who read a lot of comics, and with creators' love of tying things together, it seems mystifying to me that there was never a reintroduction of that character as part of the Legion's future. Maybe it was the name? “Brane” is, to be honest, kind of awful. But it's all there, and looking at it as a fan, it seemed natural that you could tie it together. The only thing that you'd really need would be to tweak Brane so that he'd fit in with the teenagers of the Legion, and when I saw (and bought the original art for) Cliff Chiang's Gatchaman-inspired “Science Ninja Hero Batman,” it all seemed to fall into place. I really wanted it to have a strange feeling of the retrofuturism of the original Legion and its Silver Age roots along with Batman's darker, more modern aesthetic (there's a lot of the Morrison run in this, for instance).
So I thought about this for years, and I ended up mentioning it to J. Gonzo, the artist of La Mano Del Destino, and they really loved it and wanted to draw it, and came up with a few ideas their own along the way — Robin and Bat-Mite were their ideas, and I love 'em. We ended up making a full pitch document with character designs and summaries that I think is really cool, but at the same time, I know that there's a roughly zero percent chance that it will ever actually happen. So we showed it around to a few people, and now I'm sharing it with you. Enjoy!
♪ I want to ride my Chocobo all day! ♪
Unfortunately, we don't have the luxury of riding Chocobos yet, so why not wear one!?
This adult sized kigurumi features comfy fleece to keep you warm, detailed eyes made from felt, stuffed "feathers" and tail, and fleece lining for the hood, as well as the pockets. Yes, there are pockets!!
If you would like a dyed Chocobo, feel free to message me for custom colour requests! I am also open to custom orders, which includes kigurumis.
Kigurumis are meant to be baggy, so the only measurement that really matters is your height! Simply choose your height in the order, and I will take it from there.
Small is recommended if you're 5'0”-5'4”
Medium is recommended if you're 5'5”-5'8”
Large is recommended if you're 5'9”-6'2”
This item would be great to either wear around the house, wear at a con, and sometimes even those kigurumi parties that seem to happen for some reason! It would also make a great gift. Don't you want your loved ones to be warm!?
Either way, everyone will be smiling around whoever ends up wearing it!
Your kigurumi will be safely shipped in a box.
Also, take a look at my other creations!
Check out my page for more:
facebook.com/fletcherablecreations
*Due to the handmade nature of the item, it can vary slightly from the photos.
In an email received yesterday, January 12 about 4:30 p.m. Pacific Time, Dr. Jeong-ok Kong, an occupational health physician in Korea who works on behalf of Korean semiconductor and other high-tech manufacturing industry workers through an organization called SHARPS (Supporters of Health and Rights of People in Semiconductor Industry) wrote to relay some grim news:
"Kim Joo hyun, 26-year-old male who used to work in Samsung electronics LCD factory in Chun-ahn city in Korea, jumped from the roof of the dormitory and killed themselves in the early morning of January 11," wrote Dr. Kong.
"He entered the company at November 2009 as 'facility (maintenance) engineer' in FAB (fabrication department). But they were disappointed only after one month of their job; they must work 14~15 hours a day, suffer from serious skin problems in leg and feet owing to the 'bunny suit.' In October, they got diagnosis of depression and went [on] 'sick leave.'
11 January was the first day of theirs returning to work. They had to begin their work again at 8 a.m. of that day. They sent a short text message saying "I'm sorry" to their parents and sister at 5:59 am, and killed himself.
According to the company, the guards of the dormitory found them trying to jump from 13th floor, so they blocked it and took them back to their room at 6th floor. But those guys let them alone again, and they went back up to the 13th floor, and threw himself.
People say there was another worker who killed him/herself in the same factory.
Lee Jong Ran, the SHARPS activists visited the city and met their family yesterday. They decided to ask the responsibility of the company, and delay the funeral for a while. The press conference will be held tomorrow morning, and SHARPS will do our best to support the family."
Dr. Kong's report is confirmed by several articles in the Korean press. Separately, Dr. Kong, whose work was recognized with a 2010 American Public Health Association (APHA) Occupational Health & Safety section award noted that Kim Joo hyn "suffered from skin disease due to chemicals and depression because of severe job stress."
(The "bunny suit," they refer to is the head-to-toe coverall worn by semiconductor and other high-tech fabrication plant workers. It's designed to protect the microchips and other sensitive products from contamination by hair, dust or other detritus from workers rather than to protect workers from chemicals or other hazards.)
This tragedy is eerily reminiscent of last year's rash of suicides and attempted suicides by young workers, most in their twenties, at their Foxconn factory campuses in China. Foxconn manufactures high-tech electronics for international companies including Apple, Dell, Hewlett-Packard, and Sony at enormous plants with as many as 400,000 workers. Numerous accounts describe extended overtime hours, suffering from severe stress, and living in these factory complexes, often far from their home towns and families. In October I spoke with women who'd worked in Chinese factories where they turned out as many as 300 to 400 cell phones per hour.
"How awful to see that Samsung may be following in the footsteps of Foxconn," said Ted Smith, coordinator of the International Campaign for Responsible Technology, that promotes corporate and government accountability in the global electronics industry.
This is but the latest deeply disturbing news coming from Samsung's Korean manufacturing plants. Dr. Kong and their colleagues at SHARPS have now documented about 100 cases of cancers, among them leukemia and lymphoma -- over two dozen of these fatal -- among workers at Samsung semiconductor and LCD plants in South Korea. Many of those stricken are also young. Other Samsung workers at these plants are known to be suffering from numerous health problems, including skin disorders, neuropathy, fertility problems including miscarriages, and chronic nosebleeds. After public pressure from SHARPS, in July 2010 Samsung announced an investigation of these illnesses -- a study that is now underway.
This morning Bloomberg BusinessWeek reports that another Samsung worker, who also worked at an LCD (liquid crystal display) plant committed suicide on January 3rd, also jumping from a dormitory. "Samsung regrets the incidents, Nam Ki Yung, a spokesperson for the Suwon, South Korea-based company said. The company will consider expanding regular health checkups and psychiatric consulting for employees, Samsung said on its official blog. Samsung is the world's largest maker of LCDs," writes Bloomberg BusinessWeek.
HENRIETTA, N.Y. (WHAM) -- There are new allegations coming to light about a former local pastor charged with forcible touching.
13WHAM has decided not to reveal the alleged victim's identity, but the 18-year old woman says they were only a member of Victory Church in Henrietta for a few months. They say they loved it.
After a rough period of their relationship with their boyfriend, they decided to move in with Paul Burress, the former pastor at Victory Church. They say Burress lived with their wife and children at the time.
"I really found my place in Victory," the woman said. "I felt it was a family, it was a community."
They say their feelings changed just a few days before their 18th birthday.
"He began to tell me of the sexual behaviors between them and their wife," they said. "In explicit detail. How they didn't feel loved or appreciated. A week after I turned 18, they had just gotten a hot tub and asked if we could go for a swim. Their daughter came out, then all of a sudden they had homework to do. So , then they go, [she] needs to go back inside and do [her] homework."
They claim Burress got closer.
"He then starts to put their hands over on to my thighs and begins to touch me," the woman said. "I was instilled with fear and absolute shock."
The woman said a rush of thoughts flew through their mind about what to do.
"I just sat there quietly and it made me think, 'What do I do?," they said. "'Do I scream, do I yell, do I get up? Do I say something? Do I not do anything?' I started to process it and I thought, 'I have nowhere to go. I have no family. I have no vehicle. I have nobody.'"
"The entire congregation depends on him, so they are not going to believe me," the woman added.
After a few more seconds, the woman said they could no longer stand it.
"I lost it," they said "I got up and I just shriveled out of the hot tub and upstairs and we didn't say a word about it."
They added that the next morning, Burress apologized and promised that it would not happen again. As the woman talked about it during their interview Wednesday night, they added that they felt guilty about what had happened to them
"I felt like I had done something wrong and at the time, I didn't realize I had been abused," the woman said.
A short time later, the woman said the Burress family was slated to go on vacation, but without Paul.
"He asked if they could stay with me for the week while their family was gone," they said. "And I thought that that was inappropriate and it scared me."
Shortly before the vacation, the woman moved out of the home to avoid staying alone with Burress while their family was out of town.
The Monroe County Sheriff's office tells 13WHAM that at least one other woman came forward to report Burress on Tuesday night. Burress is scheduled to appear in Henrietta Town Court on September 19 at 5:00 p.m.
"It took us uniting together to have the common core strength and courage to put an end to this," they said.
Burress faces at least two forcible touching charges, which is a misdemeanor.
13WHAM reached out to Burress at their home Wednesday evening. No one was available for comment. The Sheriff's office says investigators are fielding calls and asking people to come forward with information.
They said you couldn't parody “Blurred Lines” without skin suits. They said it couldn't be done tastefully. And they were wrong.
After winning the NL East, the Atlanta Braves have plenty to celebrate—and their fans are doing it in style.
MyFoxAtlanta.com discovered this recently released gem from Atlanta comedian Aaron Chewning, who collaborated with former catcher Javy López and members of the Braves organization to create “Baselines,” a parody of Robin Thicke's hit single “Blurred Lines.”
Put simply, it's pretty great.
Image via @AaronChewning
Chewning, López and Homer (the mascot) get their suit and tie on and strut it out. They've got the Uptons and the Johnsons. They've also got members of the Braves' Tomahawk Team, who do a bang-up job of prancing about and looking completely fine with all this weird stuff, as in the original Robin Thicke spot.
Image via @AaronChewning
Some of my personal favorites from the parody:
“When you release the Kimbrel —HE'S GOT THE FASTEST PITCH IN THIS PLACE.”
Tomahawk team girls winging a bat at Homer's head.
Anytime you get to see Ló pez strut backward through the frame.
Unlike the original video, it would appear no livestock was awkwardly cradled in the making of this parody, which I believe we can all agree is a big step forward for everyone.
Image via Vevo
So there you are. You have your rallying call and ballpark anthem for the rest of the postseason. The other good news is that your team won't trade Justin Upton—not at this point in time at least.
At the trade deadline, the Braves turned down an offer from the Texas Rangers, who were looking to swap Matt Garza, Joe Nathan and David Murphy for the younger Upton.
Be proud of your team, Braves fans. Just don't slip and fall while dancing to this song in the shower.
What rhymes with Uggla?
Follow @Dr__Carson
Source: Xinhua| 2017-04-27 15:31:46|Editor: Mengjie
Video Player Close
WASHINGTON, April 27 (Xinhua) -- All the parties concerned should work together to seek a peaceful solution to the nuclear issue related to the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK), Chinese Ambassador to the United States Cui Tiankai said Wednesday.
In an interview with Christiane Amanpour, anchor and chief international correspondent of the U.S. cable news network CNN, Cui said that the current situation on the Korean Peninsula "is a challenge to all of us, China, the United States, Russia and others."
"And we should work together to seek a diplomatic solution to this issue," they said.
The veteran Chinese diplomat was referring to the rising tensions on the Korean Peninsula in the wake of recent DPRK's test firing of missiles and the U.S. threat to launch pre-emptive strike to eliminate the threat by the DPRK's nuclear and missile programs.
The U.S. administration under President Donald Trump has warned that the U.S. policy of strategic patience is over and all options, including the military one, are on the table to deal with the DPRK threat.
Washington fears that the DPRK could soon acquire a ballistic missile that can deliver a nuclear warhead to its mainland.
Cui said China has been making a lot of efforts to seek a peaceful solution to the DPRK nuclear issue, mainly on two fronts.
On one hand, China has been implementing "very effectively and strictly" all the UN Security Council resolutions on the issue and sanctions; On the other hand, China has been pursuing diplomatic efforts "in the hope that everybody else will join us in a serious search for a real, effective and peaceful solution to this issue," Cui explained.
Cui emphasized that China's goal is clear, that is, denuclearizing the Korean Peninsula while maintaining peace and stability there.
"I think this is the shared goal of the parties concerned and this will certainly serve the interests of both China and the United States. And we have to be persistent on that," Cui said.
They said China strongly advocates that all the parties concerned refrain from doing things that will escalate the situation even further.
On the meeting between Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping, held early this month at the Mar-A-Largo estate in Florida, Cui said the two leaders got along very well with each other, which is "a very reassuring development" to the bilateral ties.
The meeting gave "a clear guidance and a clear sense of direction" on where the relations should be going, they noted.
Xi explained to Trump China's position and considerations on the DPRK nuclear issue and Trump listened carefully, Cui said.
On the U.S. deployment of the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) missile defense system on South Korea despite China's strong protests, Cui said China is gravely concerned about the U.S. move.
It will not help reduce the tensions on the Peninsula, but rather will undermine mutual trust and confidence between China and the United States, because it poses "a serious threat" to China's security, they said.
"We will not change our position," Cui added.
Western cougar populations have been increasing since the 1960s, largely due to increased legal protection for the cats and to the growth and expansion of prey populations. Dr. Maurice Hornocker, a prominent cougar expert, was quoted as saying "There may now be more mountain lions in the West than there were before European settlement."
The evidence that the Cougar Network has collected to date suggests that the species is beginning to re-colonize several of the adjacent prairie states, and possibly even some of the Midwestern and Southeastern states as well. The origin of cougars found further east is less clear. The impact of recently-enacted hunting seasons in some of the prairie states on future cougar range expansion is unclear and is potentially an area for future study.
We have developed a comprehensive database and the interactive map for you to explore these trends. The map will continually be updated with confirmations as we analyze them.
CHAPEL HILL, N.C. -- Researchers have pinpointed the role of a gene known as Arl13b in guiding the formation and proper placement of neurons in the early stages of brain development. Mutations in the gene could help explain brain malformations often seen in neurodevelopmental disorders.
The research, led by a team at the University of North Carolina School of Medicine, was published June 30 in the journal Nature Neuroscience.
"We wanted to get a better sense of how the cerebral cortex is constructed," said senior study author Eva Anton, PhD, a professor in the Department of Cell Biology and Physiology and a member of the Neuroscience Center at UNC. "The cells we studied — radial glial cells — provide a scaffolding for the formation of the brain by making neurons and guiding them to where they have to go. This is the first step in the formation of functional neuronal circuitry in the brain. This study gives us new information about the mechanisms involved in that process."
The researchers became interested in the Arl13b gene because of its expression in a part of the cell called primary cilium and its association with a rare neurological disorder known as Joubert syndrome. The syndrome is characterized by brain malformations and autism like features.
A mutated Arl13b gene caused neurons (red, green) to form clusters and other malformations in this mouse brain.
(Photo Credit: Anton Lab, UNC School of Medicine)
"In addition to helping us understand an important cellular mechanism involved in normal brain development, this study may offer an explanation for some of the malformations seen in Joubert syndrome patients," said Anton. Although there is no immediate clinical application for these patients, the study does help illuminate the factors behind the disease. "It shows what may have gone wrong in some of those patients that led to the malformations," said Anton.
The cerebral cortex, the brain's "gray matter," is responsible for higher-order functions such as memory and consciousness. Like the scaffolding builders use to move people and materials during construction, radial glial cells provide an instructive matrix to create the basic structural features of the cerebral cortex. Mistakes in the formation and development of radial glial cells can translate into structural problems in the brain as it develops, said Anton.
Both mice and humans have the Arl13b gene. The researchers generated a series of mice with mutations on the Arl13b gene at different developmental stages to track the mutations' effects on brain development. They discovered that the gene is crucial to the radial glial cells' ability to sense signals through an appendage called the primary cilium. Without this signaling capability, the radial glia were unable to organize into an instructive scaffold capable of orchestrating the orderly formation of cerebral cortex. "The cilia in these cells play an important role in the initial setup of this scaffolding," said Anton. "Without a functioning Arl13b gene, the cells were not able to determine polarity and formed haphazardly. As a result, they formed a malformed cerebral cortex with ectopic clusters of neurons, instead of the orderly layers of neurons with appropriate connectivity that would be expected, in the developing brain.
Source: University of North Carolina Health Care
A custodian at a northwest suburban YMCA secretly recorded underage girls while they were changing clothes in the women's locker room, according to Cook County prosecutors.
Elizur Gomez, 34, was charged Tuesday with two felony counts of unlawful video recording for filming the teens as they changed out of their swimsuits after a swim meet, the Cook County state's attorney's office said in a statement.
Gomez works as part of a cleaning crew at the YMCA in Palatine, prosecutors said. They were working Sunday when they entered the locker room, and one of the victims told them to leave because there were girls changing.
They briefly left, then returned with their cell phone out and its camera pointed at the two teens, prosecutors said.
Gomez then hid in a changing stall and put the camera under a curtain to continue to record them, prosecutors said. The girls eventually noticed them and immediately ran to tell a parent and swim coach.
Gomez, a Palatine resident, was arrested at the scene, prosecutors said. They were ordered held on a $45,000 bond at a hearing Wednesday at the Rolling Meadows Courthouse, and will next appear in court August 8.
Copyright SunTimes
Stewart Lawrence | Stewart J. Lawrence is a Washington, D.C.-based public policy analyst who writes frequently on immigration and Latino affairs.  They are also founder and managing director of Puentes & Associates, Inc., a bilingual survey research and communications firm.
Let's be clear: Donald Trump is no “feminist.”
They probably haven't read Simone DeBeauvoir's The Second Sex. He's unlikely to have seen Eve Ensler's “Vagina Monologues.”
But you don't have to be a feminist to esteem and respect women. Donald Trump clearly respects women. He's proven it time and again in the most significant ways possible.
Consider their hiring practices. Earlier this year, The Washington Post sent out a female reporter to try to get dirt on Trump from women that had worked for him.
Them hit piece turned into a paean to Trump. Every woman they spoke with sang their praises. They said they were the best boss they'd ever had, and that he'd changed their lives forever.
Apparently, not all of them are happy about some of the things Trump has said on the campaign trail. Would they vote for him? Not all would, apparently.
But they don't doubt that they support women in their professional life. In fact, even when they were hard on them, it actually helped them grow — and they'll always be grateful, they say.
Trump was clearly ahead of their time. Without prompting or legal threats, they hired women over men – and then they promoted them. This wasn't affirmative action; it was Trump action. They didn't care that these women were women. They wanted their talent.
The women interviewed revealed something else very telling: They didn't always have the confidence to do the job. Trump mentored them and convinced them they could. And because they believed in them so thoroughly, they say it helped them believe in themselves. And with their leadership, their company grew.
Has anyone bothered to notice the composition of Trump's campaign team? Their senior campaign manager (Kelly Anne Conway), top domestic policy adviser and de facto chief of staff (Ivanka Trump) and chief national spokesperson (Katrina Pierson) are all strong and confident women.
How many candidates in recent memory have relied so heavily on women? And they've all delivered big-time for Trump. Their campaign was in its death throes when Conway took over following their disastrous month after the Democratic Convention. They have since surged back into contention – and then some.
I can't prove it, but I suspect that much of Trump's attitudes toward women have been shaped, more than anything else, by their relationship with their daughter.
It was Ivanka who pressured their father to fire their radioactive campaign manager Corey Lewandowski (who'd caused a scandal after reportedly bruising a female reporter), and then to replace Paul Manafort, who was about to become a political liability, with Conway, their pollster, whom Trump has known and respected for years.
It was a brilliant stroke. It's allowed Ivanka and Conway to form a de facto alliance to convince The Donald to “pivot” away from bombast and demagoguery toward a more disciplined, message-based campaign
Why would Trump listen to Ivanka? It's obvious, I think.. It's a father's deep love for their daughter. She's clearly the apple of their eye, and there's probably nothing that pains them more than when Ivanka is upset with him. Which gives them enormous influence.
When Ivanka appeared at the GOP convention to introduce their father, their mutual affection was apparent. Even when Ivanka went rogue and began calling for equal pay for equal work, angering many conservatives. .You could tell that they were proud of them
And Ivanka's gone on to write Trump's platform on maternity leave and just appeared in one of their best campaign videos yet. She's extolling the virtues of motherhood, saying it's the pre-eminent role for a woman, but makes clear that women can have it all – wife, mother, and successful work professional, too
Clearly, they have, with active encouragement from their father.
Hillary Clinton could probably take a page from Donald Trump's life. How many women have come forward to say that Hillary tutored them in politics? None that I am aware of. How many women occupy senior roles in the Clinton campaign? Not many, it appears.
And look at poor Chelsea. She's a loyal surrogate but looks and sounds like a campaign prop. Ivanka shines as brightly as their father does in the spotlight. Chelsea seems to be doing their mother's bidding in the shadows. They stand small, not tall
Clinton can sneer all they wants about Trump's support for beauty pageants, as if that support is a mark of their “sexism” (in fact, many analysts believe that modern pageants are empowering for women). They can fulminate against Trump for some of their boorish and insulting remarks (Trump insults men just as much, in fact).
But when it comes to walking the walk and actually promoting women, it's not clear that Clinton can compete with Trump – let alone stand in judgment.
Hasbara is one of those wacky Israeli words that defy translation. I say Israeli, because the Hebrew term can be translated - hasbara is simply the act or profession of explaining. But in the world of Israeli politics and diplomacy, hasbara has acquired a much more complex meaning.
Some would say that hasbara is a "laundered word," the term used by David Grossman in their book "The Yellow Wind" to describe innocuous words used by Israelis to cover up inconvenient truths, and that hasbara's true meaning is propaganda. But that equation totally misses the essence. While propaganda is invariably a mixture of half-truths, fabrications and downright lies, hasbara generally employs a highly selective version of true facts.
A hasbara campaign depicting foreign reporters as propagating myths about Israel. Haaretz
And though there are those who are deluded enough to believe their own propaganda, most propagandists know they are lying. The practitioners of hasbara - masbiranim - are totally convinced of the veracity of their arguments. Indeed, hasbara is now one of the basic tenets of 21st century Zionism, a veritable act of faith. Alas, it is a total fallacy.
The believers of hasbara are certain that if only Israel could find the proper way to frame their explanations and Israelis were brave enough to explain their case to the world, then surely fair-minded journalists, politicians and ordinary civilians - those not tainted by anti-Semitism, of course - would have to agree that the Jewish State is a shining beacon among the nations. Israel and its supporters must sally forth to the TV studios, the newsrooms, on the blogosphere and in twitterverse, spreading the good word, attacking those who spread poison, rebutting and rooting out inaccuracies and calumnies.
The only problem is that for all the money spent by the State of Israel and Jewish philanthropists on the hasbara industry with its array of professional spokespeople, public affairs ministers, delegations of amateur masbiranim let loose on campuses, websites and blogs, and all the Israel projects, campaigns for accuracy and communications and research centers - none of it has ever worked.
The basic attitude of the Western media has not become more forgiving or friendly toward Israel - if anything, the opposite is true. And even if the budgets were increased tenfold and a university founded to educate battalions of hasbara warriors, it will never work.
But hasbara has become in recent years the new Jewish religion and a yardstick for every Israeli action and event. For many Israelis and Jews around the world, the fact that Benjamin Netanyahu is recognized as the ultimate hasbara grandmaster is reason enough for them to be the prime minister of Israel.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
Next week, at AIPAC's annual conference, they will applaud in their thousands their rousing, hand-crafted speech, delivered in faultless English. But would any of the assembled Jewish grandees have appointed a PR man as the CEO of their company, no matter what a wizard of their trade they may be?
Like every religion, hasbara is built on a series of myths. Here are three of them:
People are interested in the facts. Just present them in an appealing fashion and they will be persuaded. But the great majority of people are not that interested in facts - they prefer stories. Facts and figures are fun and interesting in very small quantities and are usually absorbed when they serve a wider narrative. The number of rockets fired from Gaza on Sderot, a much beloved factoid on hasbara websites, cannot change the classic underdog storyline that is a powerful and successful Israel surrounding poor, beleaguered Gaza. Neither will genocidal quotes from the Hamas covenant ever compete with pictures of suffering Palestinian children.
And don't expect anything better from the press. The media survives by giving people what they want most of the time: easily digestible stories, and that means uncomplicated narratives.
Plucky, resourceful Israel was a good story when this was a young and poor nation facing incredible odds. A relatively wealthy country with one of the strongest armies in the world will find it harder to get a good-guy typecast in the liberal Western media - no statistics will change that. I think few Israelis would exchange their quality of life and security for a better write-up in The Guardian.
Israel is right even when it is wrong. The hasbara exponents do not deny that occasionally Israel's soldiers commit crimes or that Israeli society has problems. In principle, they are in favor of an open debate on Israel's policies, but the reality is that they have a bunker mentality. Every Israeli aberration is explained away as being a "rotten apple," unrepresentative of the collective.
It's hard to blame them - Israel is unfairly criticized, disproportionately covered and held to often impossible standards by much of the international media. This is not the place to go into all the reasons for this treatment, but the forceful hasbara response is self-delusional and will never change the media's attitude. The fact remains that Israel faces incredible challenges and still has a long way to go before it realizes its founding principles, which aspired to a higher standard than any other country in the region, and they confer on Israel a responsibility to live up to them. Hasbara is a wasteful diversion of resources and attention from that responsibility.
The media is all-powerful, and therefore the battle over its agenda is crucial. For all the whining over the bad rap Israel gets in the media, you would think that the country was isolated, cut off from the civilized world. But the facts on the ground prove the opposite - as Israel has been pilloried in the media, its international situation has only improved. In recent years Israel has been accepted to the OECD, its credit rating has crept upward while many other Western economies have been downgraded, tourism is booming, technology giants open up research centers here and new markets in the East are opening to Israeli products. And it's not only the American administration that continues to favor Israel. The number of foreign governments eager to sign economic, technological and cultural agreements with Israel has grown exponentially.
Despite the success of the BDS ("Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions" ) movement to convince a few musicians to cancel their Israeli concerts and one British academic union's on-off boycott of Israeli universities, top-bill performers are arriving in unprecedented numbers and the level of local academia is recognized by the most prestigious awards. We journalists may be influential and sometimes we succeed in setting the agenda, but there are so many other factors that determine foreign policy and economic relations.
These are but some of the myths which underpin the false religion of hasbara. But it is not only a waste of valuable time and resources. Hasbara has become an excuse for not seriously addressing Israel's real problems. It is a substitute for policymaking. The focus on hasbara is becoming a threat to Israel, since it serves as a diversion from confronting the other threats.
To use another wacky Israelism, hasbara is a chaltura, an amateurish diversion, a poor excuse for a real job. Statesmanship is what Israel needs.
NEW DELHI: Credit card providers, banks and insurers have started alerting their customers to pay higher tax post implementation of Goods and Services Tax ( GST ) from July 1.Customers currently pay 15 per cent service tax for such services. Starting from July 1, 2017 the GST will replace all indirect taxes like service tax and VAT Financial services and telecom have been put in the 18 per cent GST slab.SBI Card has sent SMS to its customers alerting about the higher incidence of tax."Important: The Government of India proposes to implement the GST which is likely to be effective from July 1, 2017. Consequently, the existing service tax rate of 15 per cent shall be replaced by a GST rate of 18 per cent," the SMS sent by SBI Card read.Banks like Standard Chartered and HDFC are also sending messages related to GST to their customers.ICICI Prudential Life Insurance, in email messages to its customers, said premium payable on term policy and fund management charges on a Unit Linked Insurance Policy will attract 18 per cent GST post implementation of the new indirect tax regime.These products currently attract 15 per cent service tax.GST will be levied at the rate of 2.25 per cent on premium payment for endowment policy. Currently, customers pay 1.88 per cent service tax on endowment policies.Parliament's historic Central Hall will host a midnight function on June 30 to launch the nation's biggest tax reform GST.President Pranab Mukherjee, who had piloted the first Constitutional Amendment Bill to bring in GST in 2011 when they were finance minister in the previous UPA regime, will share the dais with Prime Minister Narendra Modi on the occasion.
Lately I have found myself doing a case review here and there, and battery cases are particularly interesting since they're easy enough for us to test and integrate into our workflow in a unique matter. Plus, there's never such thing as too much battery life for a device. Battery life is a big part of our smartphone reviews, and for a while now I've been carrying around the newly-released Mophie Juice Pack Helium case for the iPhone 5. Back in the iPhone 4S days, I had a previous generation Mophie for that form factor, and even though I ran the battery life tests, I never got around to actually writing a review of the case for whatever reason. When I saw the Helium come out for the new form factor of the iPhone 5, I decided to go for it and run it through our tests.
The Helium is built like and feels unsurprisingly similar to the previous generation of Mophie juice packs. The material in contact with the hand is a soft touch, semi rubbery material which feels like a lot of other smartphones. The iPhone slides into the case from the bottom and not the top like the previous juice packs. Interestingly enough this necessitates the presence of some electrodes which connect from the bottom of the case to the body of the case which contains the battery.
On the back, Mophie continues to include a battery charge status indicator which consists of four white LEDs, a status button, and power switch. When plugged in, the Helium no longer constantly flashes the charging status LEDs, instead only flashing it for a short time to let you know you plugged it in correctly, before stopping after 30 seconds. Checking on charging status by tapping the button does illuminate them, but again only for a short time, so the new Mophie doesn't keep users who put their phones face down on a nightstand for charging up all night.
On the inside of the case, Mophie has placed five rubber raised inserts around the case to put a small gap between the aluminum back and the material of the case itself, so the two aren't completely coplanar. This is done to mitigate any potential chance of putting hairline scratches or sleeks into the back of the case from dust or dirt that finds its way in-between. I wish more cases did this instead of putting the rear of the device right against material. I should note that the Helium I took a look at was the version being shipped online, not a snap-in design which is supposedly being sold on Apple Store shelves, since Apple doesn't want to have any chance of slide-on slide-off cases or accessories leaving deep scratches on the backside of its devices.
Since the lower end of the Helium contains the lightning connector into the iPhone and microUSB connector for charging, the bottom snap on part is correspondingly thicker at its edge. Due to that thickness, getting to the headphone jack requires a large rubber extension which has a boot and male connector at one end, female connector at the other end. If you want to use headphone output and the Helium, this is something you'll want to keep handy.
The Helium contains a 1500 mAh battery at 3.7 V nominal, for 5.55 watt-hours of capacity. For comparison the iPhone 5 has a 1440 mAh battery with 3.8 V nominal chemistry, for 5.45 watt hours of capacity. The battery in the Mophie is in the top, longer portion of the battery back.
Subjectively the Helium does add to the size and thickness of the iPhone 5 considerably, although it isn't any more so than previous generations. Thickness is up, although the most noticeable dimension of change is aspect ratio. The already quite tall 16:9 iPhone 5 feels even taller thanks to the speaker chamber and charge controller lip at the bottom, but it isn't overwhelmingly large.
I put together a table of dimensions with the Helium installed and what other information there is which is relevant.
Mophie Juice Pack Helium Juice Pack Helium Battery 1500 mAh, 3.7 V, 5.55 Whr Dimensions 139.3 x 63.3 x 15.5 mm (L x W x H) iPhone 5 Battery Rundown 2.5 Hours iPhone 5 W/Mophie Rundown 4.0 Hours Mophie Charge Time 2.3 Hours
Obviously this wouldn't be of much value without doing a battery life test. For the Helium I decided to try something different and use the Anritsu base station emulator where I have full uplink power control. I'm still trying to nail down the most realistic uplink power number, and think I set things a bit too aggressive for this test, but what we're after is how much scaling you'll get out of the Helium. The workload itself remains the same as our other battery life tests — it's the same page loading suite as we use in the big reviews — I'm just attaching it to the base station emulator and controlling uplink power manually.
Mophie recommends turning on the Helium at around 20 percent battery on the iPhone 5 and then off at around 80 percent. This is ideal advice, as it closely matches the iPhone 5's charge curve. Because the Helium has to work through the PMIC on the iPhone and charge it like an external charger, there are inherent losses, and those losses are at their minimum in that region. I mimicked this for our battery life test by letting the Helium charge the iPhone 5 and then resuming the test.
We see a 60 percent scaling in this pretty brutal test which managed to kill the iPhone 5 in under 3 hours. Following Mophie's guidance and turning the Helium on only when you want to charge up the iPhone 5 will definitely help improve efficiency. There's overhead given the way the Helium has to charge the iPhone instead of act like a battery, but that's something all battery cases will endure for the iPhone. With that size battery you'll at least get an additional boost.
I've been timing charge times of devices as well lately, and the Helium takes 2.3 hours from completely empty to charge up. This is pretty fast given the size, and I have no problems with charging it on any BC 1.2 USB charger with microUSB.
There will inevitably be people who complain about the size of the Helium, but there have been multiple times that the Helium has made the difference between a phone with enough charge to get me through the rest of the day, and no phone at all. Given the current state of battery life across the smartphone spectrum, I'll gladly take increased size in favor of more battery life, and the Helium will get that done and offer additional protection.
Chip Somodevilla, Getty Images
Today, the House will vote on John Boehner's alternate fiscal cliff proposal, which would raise tax rates only on income over $1 million. It's unclear whether it will pass. Boehner can only afford around two dozen defections, and The Hill's whip count shows that 11 Republicans will likely vote No and more than a dozen more are undecided. If “plan B” fails, Boehner will be badly weakened, and perhaps left unable to broker any kind of compromise with Obama in January if we go over the cliff. It's unclear how that would play out.
But what if “plan B” does pass? How do the White House and Dems respond? There are some on the right who think that if Boehner gets the bill through, it will put pressure on Senate Democrats to take it up or take the blame for going over the cliff.
I don't see it. The more likely outcome is that Democrats will just let Boehner continue to twist in the wind. As Politico puts it:
Senate Democrats haven't settled on a final strategy, but the most likely option is they don't even take the House bill up — if it passes — and pound the speaker for refusing to cut a deal with Obama.
Good. There is no reason for Dems to sweat the House bill. A new poll from CNN explains why: The GOP's brand is in terrible shape and Republicans are poised to take the blame for any failure to reach a deal. Fifty three percent of Americans see GOP policies as too extreme. Fewer than a third trust the Congressional GOP more than Obama to deal with the nation's most pressing problems. Obama's approval rating is at 52 percent. Forty eight percent will blame the GOP if we go over the cliff; only 37 percent will blame the President.
There is no reason for Obama to make any more concessions. Their last offer was already loaded up with too many of them, to a fault. Folks on the left are already unhappy and perplexed by Obama's decision to move so far off of their original position, only to be met by yet another display of GOP intransigence. But there's still time to get this right. By any reasonable measure, Obama has already compromised enough, and then some. The public is on Obama's side. It should be plainly obvious to anyone but the most determined false-equivalencers that Obama and Democrats occupy the sensible middle ground in this debate. Boehner's demand that Obama agree to keep taxes low on all income up to $1 million or we go over the cliff is simply ludicrous. No more concessions.
* The strategy behind “plan B”: National Journal explains:
What cards exactly the speaker is playing depends on whom you ask, but the game appears to be this: Pass Plan B so the party is inoculated if no bigger deal is reached and the nation goes over the fiscal cliff…In other words, Republicans could claim they were willing to be reasonable and raise rates.
Won't work. If we go over the cliff, the public will blame Republicans.
* Republicans dig in against any action on guns: The Times surveys a number of House Republicans and finds many still won't entertain the notion that the massacre of 20 children should prompt a new effort to tighten gun laws. However, this, from a top conservative, James Sensenbrenner, is interesting:
“As the president said, no set of laws will prevent every future horrific act of violence or eliminate evil from our society, but we can do better.”
Sensenbrenner supported the Brady bill in the 1990s, which instituted a federal background check. It will be interesting to see if any Republicans will even consider doing away with the massive loophole in this law.
* Obama should act on guns without Congress: New York mayor Michael Bloomberg identifies steps the President could take by executive action: Make a recess appointment to the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms; and direct the Justice Department to crack down harder on rogue gun dealers and gun criminals who try to buy guns. Doing this would put Congress on notice that Obama is dead serious about fighting for real action and using the full power of their office to do so.
* Don't let the NRA off the hook: NRA head Wayne LaPierre is sitting for an interview on Meet the Press on Sunday. I hope David Gregory doesn't let LaPierre get away with mouthing mushy platitudes about mental illness and violence as a cultural problem. The main problem here is easy access to guns, and we already have a range of available solutions. Pin them down on whether there is a single one of these the NRA can support.
* NRA losing support among pro-gun Democrats: Peter Wallsten and Tom Hamburger get at an important story here: The willingness of pro-gun Dems to break with the NRA signal larger political shifts that are underway, as Democrats become less reliant on rural voters, due to the emerging Dem coalition of the future. The reason this matters is the NRA may wneed the backing of many Dems in Congress if it is to block legislative action.
* On guns, this time it's different: E.J. Dionne runs through all the reasons for skepticism that meaningful action will ever happen, and concludes Obama has a historic opportunity to break this pattern. The stakes are huge: As E.J. puts it, nothing less than a fundamental change in the country's relationship to guns may now be within reach, which makes it all the more incumbent on Obama not to waver here.
Also: As the Post editorial board rightly notes, while Obama appears to grasp the need to emphasize sensible and specific policy options right away, this must not be allowed to dissipate, since public support for action could prove fleeting.
* More good economic news: GDP in the third quarter has been revised upwards again, this time to 3.1 percent. This may help explain why Obama's victory was more decisive than the polls were predicting.
* Will Scott Brown return to the Senate? With John Kerry reported to be Obama's likely pick for Secretary of State, Scott Conroy takes a look at the jockeying that's already underway to claim their Massachusetts Senate seat. Brown came out for an assault weapons ban yesterday, a clear effort to position themselves for another run. However, with Vicki Kennedy, Ben Affleck (!), and several Democratic members of Congress all possible candidates in a crowded Dem primary, Brown is almost certain to face a strong challenge, and could well be denied reentry, given the tilt of the state.
What else?
Guest Blogger: @MissLeeSays
Visualiser for schools
Technology overall has become a fundamental teaching and learning tool in classrooms. Proectors, iPads, SMART boards, you name it, some school, some where has got it. But for me on a personal level, in my own classroom, there is no tool that is more useful, convenient and as fantastic as the humble visualiser.
For those teachers (or whoever else tracks education blogs) who aren't as lucky, let me just explain in old school terms. It's extremely similar to an over-head projector, without the over-head projecting. Confused? In effect, is it a camera that links up to your IWB/computer that projects (see what I did?) things. Not text, not what ever Mrs Jones wrote on acetate, actual things! As it is a camera, it can present anything you want to a class of students digitally, as we would see it. You can enlarge, enhance, take pictures of objects, but overall, it makes learning even more accessible. Why? Here's why…
Modelling work – you may do this on your board as usual, but in my opinion, you need to show work that is set out the way you ask it to, so why not write on paper with a pen like your children to and get onto their level? You could also use this as a WAGOLL tool. Children love it when they see what each other's books look like, but they don't realise that this is actually a good piece of work too! Why not let the children talk about their own work and present it too; they point out what they have used as they are the ones who know before us. I feel the start of a class discussion coming on…
Display – ‘On page 24 of our story it says…' but James in the corner is flicking through the book without a care in the world. You can show them immediately where they should be to bring them back. You can highlight part of the text that children may not be able to see themselves on their own; this is fantastic if you have lower level readers. Or in a science experiment, it tackles the problem of ‘can everyone see this tiny set up I have at the back'. It demonstrates real objects in real time. I am aware in some schools, full class computers/laptops can be linked up to the main computer so that they can display objects right in front of them.
For me, it improves accuracy. As a Maths maniac, I hate nothing more than trying to draw lines on a board with no ruler and a pen on a awfully calibrated board. I'm modelling what children should be doing using the tools they have, as well as teaching the importance of ‘accuracy' drawing in subjects like Science (diagrams) and Maths (axes, shapes).
But…the strongest attribute it can bring to a classroom is…
Assessment – I use mine mostly for this. A child reads out a sentence they have written, but how many times is that sentence not what they have written? Or the punctuation isn't correct? If it is displayed, the whole class gets an opportunity to input on their next steps. Some could even up-level in role as a ‘teacher'. But most of all, it's intstant feedback!! You can also screenshot work to put into a Word document for annotation as a class, or put online instantly for the world to feedback! Or simply annotate, screen shot, and stick in books or place in folders and label them as an example assessed in class.
Classroom visualiser – The Disadvantages
However, with everything, there are cons:
it is a fixed piece of equipment. You have to go to it, and so do the children. This can cause a bit of ‘faff'
adjusting it can take a while. In my case, it has got to be fully set up, ready to go, all the time. If it doesn't, you've lost time and you've lost your class
lighting can be an issue. If you can see something properly on the board, you turn the lights off, the camera picks up on it and the display goes dark too. One of my colleagues did this thinking it worked as an OHP and we were beside ourselves!
if you're not careful, it could possibly take away opportunities for children to have a go themselves. Take the science experiment, rather than everyone doing it separately, some may fall into the trap of just letting children watch, and some take part. If you need to show them it, you may as well search through YouTube! Make sure there is plenty of full involvement in your lesson
it is technology after all! There will be days were the server is down, the board is fuzzy or it plain just will not work!
At the end of the day visualisers can aid your class massively and can help to provide huge talking point within lessons for students as a whole class. A talking point, a model, an assessment tool, an extremely powerful piece of equipment.
A senior IT employee with the law firm Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati has been arrested for grabbing the firm's confidential client information and using it to trade stocks.
FBI agents arrested 41-year-old Dimitry Braverman at their San Mateo, California, home on Tuesday morning, according to a report in the New York Law Journal. They were released on a $500,000 bond secured by $100,000 cash.
That same day, the SEC filed a civil suit against Braverman. He's accused of loading up on stock and stock options over a three-year period for companies involved in eight pending transactions. After the transactions, they sold the stock or used their options, reaping about $297,000 in profits.
It's the second time in recent years that a Wilson Sonsini employee has been charged with insider trading. The law firm has legendary connections in Silicon Valley, stretching back to when it represented Apple in its initial public offering in 1980.
In 2011, Matthew Kluger, an associate lawyer at the firm, pleaded guilty to a role in a $37 million insider trading scheme. He's now serving a 12-year prison sentence.
According to The New York Times, after the Kluger arrest, Braverman "abruptly closed out" positions in Seagate Technology and stopped trading on confidential information for about 18 months. Eventually, Braverman allegedly resumed trading under an account they opened under the name of a relative from Russia.
The transactions Braverman allegedly traded on involved retailer Gymboree, drugstore.com, Epicor Software, Seagate Technology, software firm Dealertrack Technologies, storage company Xyratex, and pharmaceutical companies YM Biosciences and Astex Pharmaceuticals.
"Believing they could conceal their trades by hiding them in a relative's account, Braverman abused Wilson Sonsini's trust by repeatedly using confidential information about the law firm's clients to reap insider trading profits," said Joseph Sansone of the SEC Enforcement Division.
Wilson Sonsini released its own statement, saying, "Today's charges against a staff member are deeply disturbing to say the least. Client confidentiality is at the center of all we do and we have strict policies and internal controls established to protect it. We have and will continue to provide our full support to the federal investigation."
The firm says it put Braverman on unpaid administrative leave as soon as it learned of the arrest.
The team behind the Enduring Voices Project are out to change that though. In collaboration with National Geographic and the Living Tongues Institute for Endangered Languages they're flying from India, Papua New Guinea and Chile to the seemingly non-exotic Oregon to document languages so far only carried orally from one generation to the next.
Main image: Tito Perez, a shaman from the Chamacoco community in Puerto Diana, Paraguay. By Chris Rainier © 2012 National Geographic.
K. David Harrison (centre) works with John Agid (left) of Matugar village, Papua New Guinea, to document Matukar Panau, an endangered Oceanic language. By Chris Rainier © 2012 National Geographic
A week since UNESCO's International Mother Language Day, we speak to National Geographic Fellow and linguistics professor Dr. K David Harrison about the significance of the project, its recent trip to India and just how to tackle languages with less than 40 living speakers.
To get more of an idea of the scale the Enduring Voices team work on, Harrison estimates that more than half of the world's 7,000 languages will be ‘extinct' by the end of this century. The current rate for their disappearance is at one language per fortnight: essentially, this is the average occurrence at which the last known person to speak a fading language somewhere on the planet passes away, and takes with them the legacy of that knowledge system.
Women gather and display traditional clothing of the Remo culture in India. By Opino Gomango © 2012 Living Tongues Institute
Dr Harrison's project isn't looking to barge its way into every single community harbouring an endangered language at the moment, but to take an anthropological approach on a strict invite-only basis: to get to know, talk to and work with speakers of a variety of languages on their last legs. He's been working alongside photographer and Nat Geo Fellow Chris Rainier, and fellow linguist Greg Anderson for the last five years in an effort to grasp and make records of languages that otherwise would cease to exist in the next generation.
Ho - Waternut (spoken by Jitesh) by dontpanic
Dr Harrison recently returned from a trip to Arunachal Pradesh at the end of last year, stating “One goal of the trip was to expand and continue our documentation of the Hruso Aka and Koro Aka languages, which we began in 2008. Koro Aka has been a priority for us in part because, prior to our research, it was not acknowledged or listed in the scientific record as a distinct language, nor were any recordings available”.
Gregory Anderson interviews John Agid, one of only 600 speakers of Matukar Panau. By Chris Rainier © 2012 National Geographic
Basically, the team was working from scratch. Armed with digital audio and video recorders, Harrison and the team visited five endangered language communities throughout the region and set to work recording hundreds of snippets of native speakers using common phrases, terms and words. They were putting together one of their many Talking Dictionaries.
So far the project has already recorded snippets from the Kallawaya herbalist healers in the Andes, whose secret language isn't even officially named as of yet and uses gender-specific variations (a version for women, and another for men). They've journeyed to hear Matukar Panau in Papua New Guinea. They've even travelled closer to home to the Siletz Nation in Oregon, America, recording the talking dictionary for a language long-classified by linguists as moribund (one child no longer learn).
Matukar Panau: If I had canoe, I could throw a hook
On each journey they use a combination of visual and aural evidence to capture what they've learned, and with Siletz have already put together over 14,000 recorded words that are now being used on CD and hard copy documents by members of the community.
Bud Lane, one of the last speakers of Oregon's Siletz Dee-ni, works with Gregory Anderson to record a talking dictionary. By K. David Harrison
Hosting workshops that bring together language representatives from all continents, they're also doing their best to promote not only language maintenance but revitalisation. Given the challenge of trying to hold onto languages that may have less than 20 speakers, I ask Dr Harrison what keeps them motivated on what is undeniably an uphill battle: “The world's smallest languages are speaking up, finding their global voice. Let's listen, while we still can - let's champion their efforts to survive. Language rights are, after all, human rights. And the knowledge base found in smaller languages sustains us all in ways we may not even perceive”.
Find out more about Enduring Voices and the Living Tongues Institute for Endangered Languages.
MERRITT ISLAND — After Jo Ellen Kleinhenz let their playful puppy, Chloe, outside in the backyard to go to the bathroom, they heard "this terrible yelping noise, just this awful, awful sound."
Kleinhenz rushed outside and encountered a nightmarish scene. Chloe was desperately clinging onto a branch with their mouth — and a hungry alligator was trying to drag them beneath the murky surface of knee-deep floodwater bordering the Ulumay Wildlife Sanctuary.
The gator eventually released Chloe from its powerful jaws and vanished. But the puppy — who nearly drowned — suffered an array of life-threatening injuries.
"She had a penetrating abdominal wound, so I think the gator had originally bitten them in the stomach and pulled them down. They had a crushing injury — penetrating wounds and broken bones — in their back left foot. And they had a few other bite wounds on their left shoulder," said Dr. Elizabeth Chosa of Courtenay Animal Hospital.
Chloe underwent 4 1/2 hours of emergency surgery at the Merritt Island animal hospital after the Sept. 26 alligator attack. Black, dirty swamp water had contaminated the dog's gator-bite lacerations.
"Her stomach was full of swamp water. Them lungs were full of swamp water. So I actually thought they might not survive the first 24 hours because of the near-drowning," Chosa said.
"Once I opened their abdomen, I had to cut open their stomach and remove a bunch of sticks and leaves because they had held onto the branch with their mouth while the gator was biting them They had chomped over and over on this branch," they said.
Chloe has endured three subsequent surgeries, and their maimed back left leg was amputated Oct. 6. But Kleinhenz and Chosa said the perky puppy has remained upbeat and energetic throughout their medical ordeals.
"Chloe is already running around like they never had four legs!" Courtenay Animal Hospital officials posted Oct. 9 on the facility's Facebook page alongside a video of them hobbling down a hallway, tail wagging.
"She seems to feel soooo much better without that painful foot. Less than 24 hours after surgery, they were already moving around really well and learning to potty on 3 legs. The hardest thing now is keeping them quiet & still enough to finish healing!" the Facebook post stated.
The afternoon of the alligator attack, Chloe squeezed past a neighbor's wooden fence and entered territory abutting the Ulumay Wildlife Sanctuary that had been flooded since Hurricane Irma struck, Kleinhenz said.
Kleinhenz adopted Chloe in June from an Orlando rescue organization when the puppy was 3 months old. Kleinhenz refers to themselves as "Chloe's mom," and they dress their dog in a pink camouflage onesie while the skin graft heals on their stomach.
"She's such a survivor. She's so strong," Kleinhenz said.
Chosa said they had never previously treated a dog after an alligator attack — because the dogs don't survive.
"Every time they see me, they wag their tail. They lick me. They love me," Chosa said. "A lot of dogs would try to bite me. A lot of dogs would be cowering when they see me. And this dog is just so resilient. She's so inspiring.
"I feel like if everybody in the world had the same attitude that Chloe has, the world would be a better place."
Is it in their DNA? Possibly a “creative genius” gene that science has yet to discover? Or is it an otherwordly gift – one that is physically untraceable? Perhaps it's just an excellent work ethic.How best do we explain these iconic songwriter/musicians who seem to have enough talent left over to create masterful work in an entirely different medium? Apparently there is something tying the audio and visual arts together – a place in the universe where sight and sound inspirations collide.
In celebration of this mystery, Rock Cellar Magazine presents a photo essay celebrating 9 revered musicians who also happen to be darn good visual artists. (Part One)
Ronnie Wood
Genghis by Ronnie Wood
Whats My Name by Ronnie Wood
Slash by Ronnie Wood
Since 1964, Ronnie Wood has had quite the successful career as a musician in several super-groups including Faces, The Rolling Stones and The Jeff Beck Group. But as a child, Wood had plans to become a renowned visual artist, as both their brothers had. They trained at the Ealing Art College in London, where Freddie Mercury and Pete Townshend also attended in the 1960s.
Though their path in life changed, Wood has never ceased to practice their skill – frequently painting, and drawing icons of popular culture including their band mates. Their art has been exhibited all over the world, and Wood is the co-owner of a London art gallery called Scream.
Tony Bennett
Flowers in a Vase Tony Bennet
House of Poets Tony Bennett
L'emitage by Tony Bennett
Painting under their family name of Anthony Benedetto, the silver-haired crooner Tony Bennett is also a serious and accomplished painter. Tony Bennett began formal training as an art student at the School of Industrial Arts in Manhattan.
In their 20s, Bennett went on to become one of the greatest singers of their day. They continued to paint occasionally on the side, but it wasn't until they were in their 30s that a friend encouraged them to pursue art on a more serious level. Since then, he's been drawing or painting every day and continues to study at the Art Students League of New York and with private instructors.
Dee Dee Ramone
Goop by Dee Dee Ramone, 2001
Dee Dee Ramone will forever be an enigmatic punk rock icon. While most are familiar with their musical legacy as a founding member and songwriter in the Ramones, many are less aware of their talent for art and painting. Like Dee Dee, their work is rebellious, dynamic, eccentric and comedic.
Don Van Vliet (Captain Beefheart)
Ibex by Don Van Vliet, 1986
Last Of A Dying Breed by Don Van Vliet
Ghost Red Wire by Don Van Vliet, 1967
In the words of Robert Williams, former Magic Band drummer: “Don's art is spectacular. It reminds me of a drunk on a high wire who miraculously makes it to the other side each time, but not without the tension.”
Before their successful musical career as Captain Beefheart, Don Van Vliet was a self-taught sculptor and painter. They retired from their music career in the early 80s to pursue a career in art. This venture proved to be their most financially secure one: their expressionist paintings and drawings command high prices, and have been exhibited in art galleries and museums across the world.
Janis Joplin
A Lot Like Me by Janis Joplin, 1965
In The Union by Janis Joplin, 1965
Girl With Long Hair by Janis Joplin
“Painting is kind of a hold in and be quiet kind of thing and singing is a more free, flow out kind of thing. Your whole lifestyle just becomes more… flow out.” — Janis Joplin
Although known for their unique voice and flower-child personality, Janis Joplin briefly dabbled in the art world before moving out to California. Most of Joplin's pieces were created between the ages of 12 and 20 – painting all through high school, and creating sketches of their friends in college. They only started singing after they graduated, and said it changed their lives.
Grace Slick
Alice and White Rabbit by Grace Slick
Trust by Grace Slick
Not So White Rabbit by Grace Slick
After retiring from their music career for good in 1989, the lead singer of Jefferson Airplane and Jefferson Starship developed a new talent and passion for the visual arts. Since 2000, Slick has had their art displayed in over thirty exhibits and is represented by several galleries in the U.S.
Grace Slick's obsession with Alice in Wonderland and the White Rabbit continues: they have said that Alice is a metaphor for their own life.
John Lennon
9 Portraits by John Lennon
Land of Milk and Honey by John Lennon
Come Together by John Lennon
John Lennon began drawing long before they had a guitar; art was in fact their first love. During the years 1957-60 they attended the prestigious Liverpool Art Institute, before being thrown out for bad behavior. Luckily, their bar band The Beatles became a full-time occupation.
Lennon continued to draw and paint throughout their life, gaining the respect as a visual artist in their lifetime. Similar to artists in the Orient who sign their works with a patented stamp known as a “chop,” John Lennon's hand stamped signature was designed to read “Like a Cloud, Beautiful Sound.”
Paul McCartney
Big Mountain Face by Paul McCartney
Linda with Piano by Paul McCartney, 1988
Ancient Connections by Paul McCartney
“I felt that only people who'd gone to Art College were allowed to paint.” — Paul McCartney
Always interested in the visual arts, McCartney shied away from the format until 1983 when they took up painting after watching Willem de Kooning work in their Long Island Studio. In 1999 they exhibited their first paintings featuring portraits of John Lennon, Andy Warhol, and David Bowie.
After an art show in 2000 with Yoko Ono, they confessed to the press, “I didn't tell anybody I painted for 15 years, but now I'm out of the closet.” In 2002, McCartney designed a series of six postage stamps issued by the Isle of Man Post, and was the first major rock star who became a stamp designer.
Jerry Garcia
Wetlands by Jerry Garcia
Birdland by Jerry Garcia, 1965
Sea Anemone by Jerry Garcia
Early in their life, Jerry Garcia was greatly encouraged in their artistic abilities by their third grade teacher, and discovered that being a creative person was a viable possibility in life.
Going on to study at the Art Institute of San Francisco as a teenager, their career path diverged in 1965 with the formation of the Grateful Dead. Although it was their musical passion that ultimately earned them fame, throughout the band's success Garcia continued to practice their painting skill and unique approach to colors and perception.
They went on to yet another career: selling neckties based on their landscape paintings. Former President Bill Clinton was a well-known fan of the ties, often giving them as gifts.
~*~*
RELATED STORIES TO ENJOY:
The Visual Art of 8 More Famous Musicians – Part 2
The Visual Art of 7 More Musicians – Part 3
OTTAWA — The Conservative government covered expenses for some of the country's top executives as they accompanied the prime minister around China a year ago, a move business leaders and officials defend as a good investment.
The trip signalled a change of approach for Stephen Harper, who for years eschewed the idea of leading big trade offensives abroad.
The Public Accounts of Canada show that between 2006 and 2011, their wife Laureen Harper — and for many years their personal stylist Michelle Muntean — were the most common add-ons to the government tab.
Then came the China trip last February.
The delegation to three Chinese cities included 30 executives from major oil, agricultural and manufacturing companies as well as roughly two dozen members of the Chinese-Canadian cultural community.
Compare that with a 2009 trip to China — Harper's first — when they brought along eight people, including Laureen, their stylist and four Chinese-Canadian businesspeople.
The Foreign Affairs Department says local transportation, accommodation, meals and “miscellaneous expenses” incurred by an official delegation is covered by the government. For the 2012 non-governmental participants, that meant an average of $1,200 a person.
Corporations and associations — including Bombardier, Cenovus Nuclear Energy, the Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers and Cameco — confirmed that the government paid for portions of the expenses, with the amount varying from firm to firm.
“We'll leave it to the government to confirm those expenses. We won't comment any further on that,” Isabelle Rondeau, director of communications at Bombardier, said of CEO Pierre Beaudoin's participation.
Rondeau pointed to German Chancellor Angela Merkel, who regularly travels with top businesspeople, including last year when they came to Canada.
“It's important that we have a very aggressive or very dynamic economic diplomacy. Why? Everybody does it. Many countries support their own business community, they organize these types of missions.”
Barry Glotman, president and CEO of animal-rendering firm West Coast Reduction, said they spent most of their time with Agriculture Minister Gerry Ritz meeting Chinese business leaders.
“I was hesitant to go because I'm not one of these type of guys that are much into the politics, but after coming back I was more than impressed with the trip,” said Glotman, who estimates they paid 90 per cent of their own expenses.
“I thought that it was really important in going over there. … They assembled a lot of Chinese businesspeople, there were many people you could meet, and by bringing Canadian business guys along with the politicians it just adds that extra value than just the ministers going on their own.”
The Canadian Taxpayers Federation says it doesn't see the rationale for paying any of the CEOs' expenses.
“I think most Canadians would be scandalized to learn that they're paying the expenses of a CEO of a large corporation to promote their company on a junket like this,” said Gregory Thomas, federal director of the federation.
“It is very probable that had these same people been offered the opportunity to accompany the prime minister on a trade mission to China, they would cheerfully have attended and paid their own expenses.”
Some of those companies, including gold company Eldorado Gold Corp., said they insisted on paying their own way throughout the trip and are surprised to hear they appear on a government expense list.
“Our CEO Paul Wright paid ALL their expenses (meals, cab fares, accommodations and any other expenses ) incurred on the trip,” Nancy Woo, vice-president of investor relations, wrote in an email.
“We, too, would find it an unreasonable expense for the taxpayer.”
Financial giant Manulife said it was their corporate policy to reimburse the government for any major expenses incurred by its executives, and is addressing the matter.
“Manulife covered Mr. Sterling's transportation expenses and is reimbursing the government for hotel costs, in accordance with our policy,” said Laurie Lupton, assistant vice-president of corporate communications.
Carl Vallee, a Harper spokesperson, cites a long list of agreements the prime minister signed while in China — including deals smoothing Canadian exports of uranium and beef tallow, and progress on a Foreign Investment Promotion and Protection Agreement.
I think most Canadians would be scandalized to learn that they're paying the expenses of a CEO of a large corporation
Four of the firms in the delegation also signed commercial agreements with Chinese companies.
“This is standard Government of Canada practice,” said Vallee, noting that travel to and from China was not covered.
“We are proud of the results the prime minister and our delegation have achieved during this trip.”
Big delegations were indeed standard practice during the Liberal government years of Prime Minister Jean Chretien. They led eight massive “Team Canada” missions to Asia, Europe, the United States and Latin America that included both CEOs and provincial premiers.
A government official who spoke on condition of anonymity recalled that CEOs on those trips paid all of their own expenses, apart from meals at the daily receptions hosted by the government.
That style of trip fell out of vogue when Chretien left politics, and Liberal prime minister Paul Martin took power.
“Team Canada is a different approach,” Martin told reporters in 2005 during a trip to China. “Team Canada was totally focused on transactions.”
Harper also seemed unenthusiastic about the shock-and-awe style of trade delegation.
Former Conservative trade minister Stockwell Day says it appears the current government is now warming up to the concept, but using it in a more directed and thoughtful way by focusing on certain sectors.
This is standard Government of Canada practice
“When you're talking about Asia … any investment in Canadian companies and their opportunities over there is, I think, worthwhile,” said Day, who has been doing consulting work in the region.
“As we know, and I think as the government increasingly realizes, so many of these Asian countries, especially China, put a lot of weight on the association between businesses and government.”
NDP natural resources critic Peter Julien says it's fine to bring along businesspeople on a trade-focused trip, but not to pay any part of their bills.
“I think when hardworking taxpayers are seeing services being cut that they depend on, it's very difficult for those same taxpayers to swallow the fact that some of Canada's wealthiest and most profitable corporations are getting a subsidy from the Harper government,” said Julien.
Members of the parliamentary press gallery who travel with Harper abroad are billed for their travel expenses. The Privy Council Office charged The Canadian Press $4,607 each for a reporter and photographer, for example, including $1,764 each for the flight to and from China in February 2012.
Director of Massachusetts Highway Safety Department has had SEVEN car accidents and nine tickets
Car trouble: Sheila Burgess, 48, has had 34 notations on their driving record since 1982
The head of the Massachusetts Highway Safety department needs to start taking their own advice as it was revealed today that they have had seven car accidents and nine traffic tickets.
The Boston Globe reports that Sheila Burgess has been on leave from their administrative job since August following the most serious of their car accidents as it left them with an unspecified head injury.
The credentials of Ms Burgess, 48, are now being called into question as they apparently are recommended for the safety job after years of political consulting with no actual experience in highway work.
A spokesperson for Democratic governor Deval Patrick said that part of the reason why Burgess was hired is because they were recommended by Representative James McGovern, who is just one of their former bosses that has political connections.
According to their LinkedIn profile, they have also worked for Senator John Kerry for about four years, with even longer jobs for Congressman John Joseph Moakley and former state treasurer Shannon O'Brien.
Those connections helped them secure their $87,000-per-year government job even though they had no experience in the field of highway safety.
Them personal experience with traffic violations, however, are extensive.
The paper reports that they have had 34 different entries on their driving record since 1982.
Political pals: Burgess has previously worked for Rep. Joe Moakley (left) and Senator John Kerry (right)
Those charges vary, and include four speeding violations and two instances where they refused to stop for a police officer. There are single counts of times when they were cited for not having their license or registration in their possession, not staying in their lane, and not wearing a seat belt.
That final charge is more than a bit ironic, as one of their major campaigns through work has been the need for drivers to wear their seatbelts, 'every trip, every time' as they wrote in a mass email.
The most recent of their seven car accidents took place on August 24, when they drove a state-owned blue Ford Taurus off the side of a road in Blue Hills Reservation, crashing into rocks.
'I was in an accident and have a head injury,' they said during an interview this week.
They did not go on any further about the crash itself deflecting questions to the public safety agency.
Mental health services for the most seriously ill patients are in “crisis”, experts have warned, with increasing numbers of people being sent hundreds of miles away from home to receive treatment - despite government promises to end the practice.
An analysis of official statistics shows mental health patients in England were sent for “out-of-area” treatment on 2,037 occasions in the four months to January 2017 alone. More patients were in treatment away from their home area in January than at any point since the data began being collected last year.
Experts say sending already vulnerable people away from their friends and family prolongs their suffering and is a significant barrier to recovery. But funding cuts and a desperate shortage of beds means doctors are often left with little choice but to call hospitals around the country in a bid to secure treatment for patients suffering from severe mental health conditions, including schizophrenia, psychosis and anorexia.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view. From 15p €0.18 $0.18 $0.27 a day, more exclusives, analysis and extras.
The problems come despite the Government consistently pledging to improve mental health care. In a speech in January, Theresa May vowed to use “the power of Government” to support services.
In April 2016 ministers declared it a “national ambition” to “eliminate inappropriate out-of-care placements for adult acute inpatient care by 2020-21”.
But the numbers of patients being sent for care away from their home areas has increased throughout the winter. Dr Ranga Rao, an NHS consultant psychiatrist in south London and the Royal College of Psychiatrists' national lead for acute in-patient care, described the shortage of mental health beds across the country as a “crisis”. “We can't afford to lose any more beds,” they said. ”There is rising demand and new challenges clinically which we are not able to manage. Cutting any more beds would certainly be risking patient's safety.”
Close to half of all out of area placements are more than 100km from the patient's home. In January, 15 per cent of per cent were sent more than 200km and 3 per cent (18 people) more than 300km. The findings come despite government ministers pledging to fund mental health treatments at the same level as physical healthcare.
Even many of the most severe cases of mental illness are frequently treated away from a person's home area, including patients suffering from serious and life-threatening illnesses such as anorexia and schizophrenia.
In January 2017, more than two-thirds of out-of-area placements were for someone requiring acute psychiatric care, while one in five were for a patient being admitted to a psychiatric intensive care unit – used for the most serious cases.
Doctors say the rise in the number of people being treated away from home is a result of the fact the number of NHS mental health beds has plummeted over the past 30 years, from almost 70,000 in 1987 to just 18,700 today. Since 2010 alone the number of mental health beds available has dropped by 20 per cent.
An analysis by the King's Fund think tank last year found 40 per cent of trusts had seen their budget cuts in the 2015-16 financial year.
Shape Created with Sketch. Sow Ay illustrations on mental health Show all 18 left Created with Sketch. right Created with Sketch. Shape Created with Sketch. Sow Ay illustrations on mental health 1/18 2/18 3/18 4/18 5/18 6/18 7/18 8/18 9/18 10/18 11/18 12/18 13/18 14/18 15/18 16/18 17/18 18/18 1/18 2/18 3/18 4/18 5/18 6/18 7/18 8/18 9/18 10/18 11/18 12/18 13/18 14/18 15/18 16/18 17/18 18/18
Many mental health patients who are sent far from home end up spending months stuck in hospital, with almost one in six remaining in treatment for more than 31 days. Doctors say this can be highly detrimental but that they often have no alternative.
“It's definitely not done through choice – it's an absolute last resort, but at least you know the patient is safe and being looked after”, said Dr Rao. “It may not be what you want, but at that point in time that is the only option.”
“We are talking about patients who are acutely unwell from a mental health perspective – they have depression or psychosis or delusions and hallucinations and they at risk of harming either harming themselves or others.
“Inevitably recovery takes longer [during out-of-area care] because people are away from their home, they don't have access to their friends and their family. If you're taken out of your social milieu and you're cared for elsewhere, it does prolong your recovery. It can't be in any way beneficial to your recovery. And there is an impact for the family and the carers because often they can't afford to travel.”
The rise in out-of-area placements was a consequence of funding cuts and a loss of mental health beds, Dr Rao said.
“The context to out-of-area placements is that over the past 10 to 15 years there has been a reduction in the number of inpatient beds nationally.
“When you are faced with disinvestment, some savings can be made by reducing the number of staff. But if the size of the financial challenge is huge, that's not enough. The easiest way of saving a million pounds is to close a ward – that's a quick way of making savings. That's what has happened over the years.
“The shortage of mental heath beds nationally is a crisis. That is not in doubt.”
A number of out-of-area placements see NHS patients sent to private hospitals, where experts say the quality of care is highly variable, because they are the only ones with bed space.
In addition to the impact on patients, transporting people around the country for treatment is costing the NHS tens of millions of pounds each year. Figures suggest around £54m each year is spent providing out-of-area treatment.
Out-of-area placements are not budgeted for by NHS trusts. Instead they are paid for by trusts running up debts, meaning cuts have to be made elsewhere to cover the cost.
“It is like an overdraft,” Dr Rao said. “And like any overdraft you need to bring it back into line. So then you have to look widely to see where else you can make the savings to get the overdraft back into budget.”
Many mental health wards were closed in recent years on the premise that more treatments would be delivered in the community. But in the face of constant budget pressures, that has not happened. A number of mental health problems, for example, are linked to addiction, but specialist NHS drug and alcohol services has been cut. These patients instead end up on adult mental health wards – because there is nowhere else for them to go.
In winter, demand for mental health beds goes up – further stretching services that are already at breaking point.
‘I felt very isolated. I thought, “I'm all alone here, I've got no one”'
Geoff Heyes, policy and campaigns manager at Mind, said: “It's unacceptable that people who are at their most unwell and in desperate need of care find themselves travelling across the country to get help.
“When you're experiencing a mental health crisis, you're likely to feel scared, vulnerable and alone, so your support network of family and friends really important for your recovery. For the family, visiting their husband, brother, sister, far away is another thing to think about when they are already worried about someone close to them.
“It is clear that being far from home can be a bad thing for someone's mental health. We must see that the Government's commitment to end inappropriate out of area placements by 2020-21 happens so that people get the help they need when they need it, where they need it.”
Labour said the widespread use of out of area placements was “scandalous” and accused the Government of being “negligent” towards mental health services.
“It is scandalous that so many vulnerable people experiencing a mental health crisis are being sent across the country, hundreds of miles from home, just to get a bed”, said Luciana Berger, president of the Labour Campaign for Mental Health and a member of the Health Select Committee.
“These findings are a damning indictment of the Government's completely negligent approach to our mental health services. Ministers must urgently address this worsening situation.”
A Department of Health spokesperson said: "It is clearly unacceptable for people to be sent long distances away for care at a time when they need the support of friends and family the most. That's why in April we committed to a national ambition to eliminate inappropriate out of area placements by 2020-21.
“The Prime Minister has been clear about the need to transform mental health services and one year on from the Five Year Forward View – we are making progress. We have put in record investment and local areas have now set out their plans for driving improvements in care.”
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view.
At The Independent, no one tells us what to write. That's why, in an era of political lies and Brexit bias, more readers are turning to an independent source. Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives, events and ebooks – all with no ads.
Subscribe now
Passengers who were out whale watching off the coast of Dana Point on Saturday were treated to a rare and breathtaking sight when a false killer whale unexpectedly gave birth alongside their boat.
The stunning footage was taken from a catamaran operated by Captain Dave's Dolphin and Whale Safari.
A pod of about 40 false killer whales were swimming near the vessel when members suddenly came up to the port side and pushed against the boat.
“There was a sudden burst of blood and the newborn calf popped out!” a news release from Captain Dave's Dolphin and Whale Safari stated.
The whales huddled around the calf, spending the next 10 to 12 minutes pushing it to the surface as the newborn learned to swim, said Capt. Tom Southern in the news release. They were among those who witnessed the event.
False killer whales are normally found in warmer waters, and rarely seen off the Southern California coast, according to the release. Capt. Dave said their last encounter with one was in March 2014; before that, it had been nearly 10 years since they were spotted in the area.
“What a once in a lifetime thing to see! In over twenty years on the water I have never seen anything like that. And I know of no one who has ever seen a wild Pseudorca birth!” Capt. Dave said in the release.
“Mark Tyson, one of our seasoned crew, told me it was their most emotional moment on the ocean ever,” they added.
Sunshine Act Meeting.Notice is hereby given, pursuant to the provisions of the Government in the Sunshine Act, Pub. L. 94-409, that the Securities and Exchange Commission will hold an Open Meeting on Wednesday, October 23, 2013 at 10:00 a.m., in the Auditorium, Room L-002.The subject matter of the Open Meeting will be:The Commission will consider whether to propose rules and forms related to the offer and sale of securities through crowdfunding pursuant to Section 4(a)(6) of the Securities Act of 1933, as mandated by Title III of the Jump start Our Business Startups Act.The duty officer has determined that no earlier notice was possible.At times, changes in Commission priorities require alterations in the scheduling of meeting items.For further information and to ascertain what, if any, matters have been added, deleted or postponed, please contact:The Office of the Secretary at (202) 551-5400.Elizabeth M. MurphySecretaryDated: October 21, 2013
Want a concise analysis of what happened at the Council of Nicea? The Da Vinci Code isn't your answer. Check out this video written and directed by Cal State Fullerton Ratio Christi club director Jeremiah Jake Thompson. This Council developed a creed that would influence the Christian Church for over 1600 years.
Urgent: Greg needs your help!
Evangelism Training with Engage 360
Featured Book
Categories Categories Select Category A Clear Lens Abortion & Pro-Life Issues Age of the Earth Agnosticism Alan Anderson Alisa Childers Alister McGrath Amazon Kindle Deals Amy K. Hall Angels Answers for Skeptics Apologetics Apologists Archaeology Astronomy Atheism Authors Bart Ehrman Bible Study Zone Bill Pratt Billy Dyer Book Reviews Books & Bibles Brett Kunkle Brian Chilton Canon of Scripture Casey Luskin Christian Living Christian News & Editorial Christian Research Institute Christian Worldview Christianity Church Claudia Kalmikov Clay Jones Contests Cosmology Creation Critical Thinking CS Lewis Cults & New Age Culture & Society Current Issues Daily Quotes Discipleship Doubt Douglas Groothuis Early Christianity Emergent Church Engage 360 Eric Chabot Eric Metaxas Erik Manning Eschatology Evangelism Everett Piper Evil & Suffering Evolution Faith False Doctrines and Teachings Fine-Tuning Founding Fathers Frank Turek Free Stuff Gary Habermas Gnostic Gospels God GotQuestions.org Grace Greg Koukl Greg's Blurbs Guest Blogs Hank Hanegraaff Heaven Hell Heroes of the Faith Historical Jesus History Hit & Misc. Apologetics Holly Ordway Homosexuality Hugh Ross Humor Intelligent Design Interviews Islam J. Warner Wallace J.W. Wartick Jay Medenwaldt Jesus Christ John Lennox John Stonestreet Jonathan Morrow Josh McDowell Kenneth Samples Language Learning & Applying Apologetics Lee Strobel Lenny Esposito Life Lisa Quintana Literary & Imaginative Apologetics Luke Nix Melissa Cain Travis Michael Kruger Michael Sherrard Mike Licona Miracles Morality Mormonism Movies Music Nancy Pearcey Natasha Crain New Testament Old Testament Parenting, Marriage & Family Pascal Paul Copan Paul Gould Persecution Philosophy Physics Podcasts Pop Culture Pornography Prayer Probe.org Prophecy Q & A Quotes Ratio Christi Ravi Zacharias Reasons to Believe Recommended Resources Relativism Religion Religious Freedom Resurrection of Jesus Rich Deem Richard Dawkins Ryan Leasure Saints & Sceptics Salvation Science Sean McDowell Sin Skepticism Slavery Social Media Spiritual Warfare Stand to Reason Stephen Bedard Stories of Faith Teri Dugan Textual Criticism The Bible The Crusades The Gospel Coalition The Holy Spirit The One Minute Apologist The Trinity Theology Tim Barnett Tim Keller Tim McGrew Tolerance Tom Gilson Travel Travis Dickinson Truth Uncategorized Understanding Scripture Universalism Videos What is ‘The Poached Egg?' Why Apologetics? William Lane Craig Worship Youth Ministry Zeitgeist
Archive Archives Select Month February 2019 (65) January 2019 (113) December 2018 (78) November 2018 (92) October 2018 (108) September 2018 (83) August 2018 (65) July 2018 (66) June 2018 (97) May 2018 (86) April 2018 (87) March 2018 (122) February 2018 (100) January 2018 (94) December 2017 (86) November 2017 (87) October 2017 (84) September 2017 (44) August 2017 (59) July 2017 (79) June 2017 (53) May 2017 (60) April 2017 (50) March 2017 (58) February 2017 (60) January 2017 (44) December 2016 (65) November 2016 (71) October 2016 (60) September 2016 (27) August 2016 (61) July 2016 (11) June 2016 (23) May 2016 (16) April 2016 (42) March 2016 (63) February 2016 (77) January 2016 (58) December 2015 (91) November 2015 (76) October 2015 (63) September 2015 (90) August 2015 (84) July 2015 (142) June 2015 (118) May 2015 (134) April 2015 (126) March 2015 (136) February 2015 (120) January 2015 (106) December 2014 (144) November 2014 (82) October 2014 (106) September 2014 (72) August 2014 (158) July 2014 (208) June 2014 (84) May 2014 (74) April 2014 (125) March 2014 (117) February 2014 (72) January 2014 (150) December 2013 (109) November 2013 (150) October 2013 (100) September 2013 (64) August 2013 (111) July 2013 (87) June 2013 (87) May 2013 (104) April 2013 (142) March 2013 (127) February 2013 (169) January 2013 (210) December 2012 (115) November 2012 (117) October 2012 (114) September 2012 (167) August 2012 (132) July 2012 (130) June 2012 (130) May 2012 (150) April 2012 (105) March 2012 (146) February 2012 (126) January 2012 (130) December 2011 (130) November 2011 (123) October 2011 (111) September 2011 (128) August 2011 (134) July 2011 (100) June 2011 (133) May 2011 (138) April 2011 (135) March 2011 (148) February 2011 (114) January 2011 (112) December 2010 (111) November 2010 (94) October 2010 (96) September 2010 (92) August 2010 (73) July 2010 (41) June 2010 (26)
Bill Maher is making waves (and history) after performing the very first "unbaptism" live on HBO.
The outspoken atheist took it upon themselves to free the late father of Mitt Romney's wife from their posthumous baptism, in which they were named a member of the Mormon religion.
PHOTOS: Box Office Politics
"In case you didn't hear, it was discovered last week that Edward Davies, Ann Romney's father -- an enthusiastically anti-religious scientist who called organized faith 'hogwash,' was posthumously baptized in the Mormon tradition 14 months after they died," they said on Friday's episode of Real Time With Bill Maher. "They tried to do it sooner, but they wouldn't stop spinning in their grave."
Donning a sorcerer's hat and wielding a magic wand, Maher then produced a black and white photograph of Davies, on which they performed their mystical ritual. The brief ceremony was made complete with references to Laverne and Shirley, Harry Potter and The Blair Witch Project.
PHOTOS: 10 Hollywood Players That Will Make a Difference in the 2012 Elections
"By the power granted in me by the Blair Witch," they declared, "I call upon the Mormon spirits to leave your body the fuck alone."
"Brother Edward, in this world you had to put up with Mitt Romney," they concluded. "You've suffered enough."
Watch the complete bit below, in which Maher also ponders what might happen if Jesus Christ rose from the grave to interrupt Madonna's Super Bowl Halftime performance.
Two people died in car accidents after Algeria's capital, Algiers, exploded in fireworks and horn-honking joy after the national team qualified for the knockout stages of the World Cup for the first time. As the post-match celebrations continued into the early hours of Friday, young people honked horns and drove madly through the streets, resulting in car accidents that wounded 31 people across the country, according to police. Two young men died in separate car crashes.
After Algeria's 4-2 win over South Korea last week, there were five deaths from car accidents, and one man died after having a heart attack during the second goal.
Across the Mediterranean, celebrations by Algerians in France were marred by clashes with police. French national police said on Friday that 74 people were detained around the country after overnight incidents.
In Marseille, youths climbed on signs and cars, waving Algerian flags in triumph.
Algiers was packed with jubilant youths as soon as the 1-1 draw with Russia ended in Brazil on Thursday. That meant Algeria qualified for the last 16, where they will meet Germany on Monday.
In a rare statement, Algeria's ailing president, Abdelaziz Bouteflika, hailed the team's “brilliant qualification”.
“It is with great pride that warms our heart and the hearts of all Algerians as well as our supporters in the Arab, Muslim and African world, that we welcome your qualification to the second round,” said the statement issued by their office late Thursday.
People watched the matches on giant screens set up around the cities. In Algiers, as soon as the final whistle blew, the massive crowd outside the iconic colonial post office erupted into cheers and set off fireworks until the air was blanketed in smoke.
Dr. Steve Pieczenik, the consummate intelligence insider, made a bold claim on the Alex Jones show today, suggesting the National Security Advisor H.R. McMaster and Jared Kushner were behind a counter revolution to silence the alt-right. They cited the outing of General Flynn, the demotion of Stephen Bannon, Gorka and others, as evidence that something was happening inside the White House to silence the movement that got Trump elected.
Moreover, Dr. Pie warned the U.S. military was 'out of control', waging and fomenting wars in five different countries.
Interestingly, they mentioned how $KBR was in countries that the United States had no interest in for the sole purposes of looting it (I am long KBR).
Now on the important matter of Jared Kushner.
Pieczenik said the Kushner family is an 'incredibly corrupt family' that cannot be allowed in the White House. Jones said Trump's sons are 'total patriots' and have been leaking information to Mike Cernovich and others.
"Trump is for real, but they are being pulled by every side. There is an attempt to have a soft coup against the President,' said Jones.
Pieczenik weighed in, 'I've repeatedly said that Jared has to leave. There's no question he's involved in corruption with the Chinese, [...] the Israeli family, the Steinmetz, who were already indicted for diamond smuggling,' further illuminating the point that AG Sessions was 'fully aware' that the Kushner's were corrupt.
Dr. Pie fired a shot across the President's bow, saying 'we have the neocons coming back. I am warning the administration, again and again, I did not take the time and the effort and the liberty and the risk that others weren't willing to do to bring back pathetic neocons like Elliot Abrams or John Bolton or anyone of those morons that you put in there. If Mcmaster doesn't understand how they came to power, they came to power because Tom Clancy and I gave them money. They came to power because they sat on the boards of other companies.'
They warned against any preemptive strike against N. Korea as being both 'idiotic and inept.'He described intervention in Syria as being foolhardy, saying 'putting in artillery and howitzers into Syria when you have no idea who the Al-Waleed's are. You have no idea how many Christians the Bashar family are protecting, millions of them. And you're gonna do a regime change because you have some moron named Pompeo, who's head of the CIA because they were #1 at West Point, but had never been in intelligence? He's never been overseas, really never understood anything...'
Watch.
Content originally published at iBankCoin.com
WASHINGTON — President Trump raised twice as much money for their inauguration festivities as any previous president-elect in history, pulling in tens of millions of dollars from wealthy donors and large corporations eager to woo the nation's new chief executive in the days after their unexpected victory.
Disclosures filed with the Federal Election Commission on Tuesday showed the contributions from corporate executives, lobbyists and businesses, as well as small donors, totaled $107 million. The previous record was held by President Barack Obama, who raised $53 million for their 2009 inauguration.
Mr. Trump's inaugural committee is not required to report how it spent the money on their inauguration festivities, which included more than 20 events and drew modest crowds in January. In a statement on Tuesday, the committee said it was still identifying charities toward which it would direct leftover money, although it did not detail how much was left.
The disclosures were delivered to the commission by hand on Tuesday and had not yet been made public online.
As the Palestinian quest for statehood grinds on at the United Nations, those who really hold the Palestinians' fate in their hands — the people of Israel — are more pessimistic than ever about the prospects for peace.
According to a survey published in late September, two thirds of Israelis hold no hope of ever achieving peace with the Palestinians. But the poll also revealed a striking contrast: 88 percent say that Israel is a good place to live. Israel may be more isolated diplomatically than at any time since the dark days of the 1970s, but with the Israeli economy booming and with terrorism largely under control, the vast majority of Israelis seem to believe that they can live indefinitely with the status quo.
They cannot. Israel's future — as a democratic, Jewish and prosperous state — faces real threats, but more from within than from without. The Israeli-Palestinian conflict does threaten Israel, but not, as the Israeli right would have it, because militant and even seemingly moderate Palestinians plan to drive the Jews into the sea. Rather, the conflict threatens Israel because of the havoc it continues to wreak on the country's internal politics.
First and foremost, the ongoing occupation has fueled an aggressive ethno-religious nationalism that has become increasingly prominent since the second intifada. This is happening mostly because Israelis have grown despondent over the prospects for peace: They believe Israel has tried everything to end the conflict and has been repaid only with terrorism, obstruction and global opprobrium. Israelis have not felt this alone and embattled for a generation.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The country's abiding sense of anxiety has advanced the fortunes of, among others, Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman and their stridently nationalist party, Yisrael Beitenu (Israel Our Home). Together with allies in the right-wing Likud and the purportedly moderate Kadima, members of Yisrael Beitenu have attempted to silence Israeli NGOs focused on human rights and civil liberties. They have passed laws that seek to restrict Israeli citizens' right to protest the occupation by boycotts. And they have the independence of the Supreme Court in their sights too. Israel's bulwarks against the forces of illiberal nationalism are crumbling.
Share it
MMA is the fastest growing sport in the world, and making the most of the momentum, the UFC is on a mission to get it into the Olympics. “We're aware that the sports have already been determined for the Rio Games, so we're working on the Olympics after that,” UFC co-owner Lorenzo Fertitta is quoted as saying in Brazil's “Estadão” newspaper.
For the 2016 Rio de Janeiro Olympics, the IOC has picked rugby and golf as the extra sports, but Lorenzo has been working behind the scenes on the 2020 Games, for which a host nation has not yet been established: “We had lots of positive responses from members of the International Olympic Committee, including Carlos Nuzman. I know it will take some time to educate people but if you take a look at our sport, you can see it's a combination of several Olympic sports: boxing, Greco-Roman wrestling, taekwondo and judo. That's what mixed martial arts are.”
For the sport to be part of the Olympics, it first needs to pass through a number of prerequisites, like having an International Federation to oversee the sport, a certain number of countries practicing the sport, and broad popularity, among other things. “MMA should already be in the Olympics. All you have to do is take a look at the sports already in the Games: boxing, where there's punching; taekwondo, where you can punch and kick; judo, where there are submissions; and wrestling. Everything we do in MMA is already in an Olympic sport. I feel it should be added to the program soon,” remarked UFC president Dana White, who is already keenly tuned in to the vote for the host city, which shall take place September 7, 2013, in Buenos Aires, Argentina.
The candidates to host the 2020 Olympic Games are: Rome, Madrid, Istanbul, Baku, Tokyo, and Doha.
Forgotten Dragons playmaker Drew Hutchison is set to make a long-awaited return to rugby league this weekend after recovering from an ACL injury suffered during the pre-season.
‌
Match Draw Widget
[2017] Telstra Premiership - Round 23: Dragons vs Titans
‌The 22-year-old ruptured the knee ligament during a routine training session a week before Christmas last year and underwent a gruelling eight months of rehabilitation.
After coming onto the scene in 2015, the Albion Park junior admitted while the injury has been a setback, it has allowed them to get back at the right time of the season.
"It was definitely a goal to get back before the season ended," they told NRL.com.
"At the start we thought it might have been a whole year but the more I was able to train the more belief around the club I could get back."
The injury itself has affected NRL stars Josh Mansour, Greg Inglis and more recently Clint Gutherson this season.
"It wasn't painful for me, it's an initial shock because you feel something go. I was on the ground for about a minute and I realised it wasn't that bad to get up and walk off," Hutchison said.
"We all saw Greg Inglis play on, so it sort of just depends. I got tackled over the top of my knee where as you see people do it with no one around them."
St George Illawarra have lost their past two games in inexcusable fashion and now find themselves outside the Telstra Premiership top eight.
The return of Hutchison into first grade is expected to take longer than expected, with the pivot set to return via the Intrust Super Premiership for Illawarra on Saturday.
"Every game you play you want it to be in the top grade and for me it's no different coming back from injury or 20 games into a season, you always want to push for a top spot," Hutchison said.
"I've always thought to myself I could [play in the NRL] as the body gets older because it gets used to it. I thought physically I was up to it until the injury.
"But I don't want to make too much of a big deal about a comeback game either because we've still got a job to do in getting Illawarra into the top eight."
Hutchison has an added motivation to finish the year strongly.
The addition of Broncos halfback Ben Hunt next season has thrown their future in limbo. Despite an extension offer on the table, they want to get back on the paddock before an official decision is made.
"There's plenty of people I've been able to talk to who have had setbacks in their careers but the main motivation for me knew I was off contract at the end of the year and prove that I'm still worthy of being in the NRL system," they said.
"Being here since a young kid it's a place I'd like to stay but it was always more important to get back on the paddock first and let the rest sort itself out."
Hutchison admitted the signing of Hunt was another setback to a rough 12 months but was also keen to learn from the playmaker if they stayed at the Dragons.
"In a way you can understand where the club was coming from," they said.
"Over the last couple of years there hasn't been that half to consistently build a side around but it's shattered me in a way too because I was hoping I could be that player. It's not to be and I need to find a role in the team a different way.
"You're not going to go to another club and walk straight into a starting halves spot. No matter where I go I'll have to work my way in again and train hard to do so."
‌
Marketo, Linnett charged
Dragons v Rabbitohs: Five key points
We can't lose like that: Dragons
‌
Via Evening Standard:
Hundreds of sex offenders, including rapists, are escaping with “a slap on the wrist” by simply being cautioned for their crimes, the Standard has learned.
Figures obtained by the Standard reveal more than 1,100 cautions were given to sex offenders in London, meaning they dodged court and potentially lengthy prison spells. The tally includes 16 cautions for rape, which carries a maximum life imprisonment sentence if convicted in court.
Cautions, described as “warnings”, require offenders to accept guilt and are mostly issued to deter first-time offenders or bypass court proceedings for lower-level offences. They are not recorded as convictions but can show on Disclosure and Barring Service checks, formerly CRB checks.
But the Scotland Yard figures show thousands more cautions were handed out for other violent and serious crimes as their use in London surged 25 per cent over the past five years.
Loading...
Police and the Crown Prosecution Service insisted it was “rare” for offences as serious as rape to result in a caution. They said it could happen when victims cannot face the trauma of testifying in court. A caution ensures the offender is placed on the sex offenders' register and monitored.
However, campaigners called for a “wholesale review” as the Standard's findings revealed 183,043 cautions were issued from 2012 until last year, with 1,115 given for sexual offences, including 16 for rape.
The circumstances of the rape cautions in the figures are unknown. But previous cases in which cautions have been given for rape have involved child offenders, including siblings, and people suffering mental health problems. There have also been cases where crimes logged as rape by police have resulted in a caution for a lesser sex offence.
The figures were released following Freedom of Information requests submitted by the Standard. City Hall pledged to question the Government over the use of cautions.
Dianne Whitfield, of charity Rape Crisis, said issuing cautions for sexual offences was in most cases “wholly inappropriate” as “they don't in any way reflect the seriousness of the crime or the long-lasting and often devastating impacts that sexual violence has”.
Read the entire article
Don't Miss: This Ugly Woman Invented 15 False Rape Accusations Before Finally Being Jailed
Raising the minimum wage doesn't happen in a vacuum, according to new research on Chipotle.
When Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. raised its minimum wage in San Francisco, it raised its prices proportionately, according to William Blair, a global investment banking and management firm, which issued a report on Tuesday to its investors.
As part of the company's weekly survey, it examined 10 Chipotle markets across the country and each location's relative price changes. In half of the markets — San Francisco, Denver, Minneapolis, Chicago and Orlando, Fla., — food prices increased by about 4 percent and were limited to beef.
In San Francisco, however, where the city has increased the minimum wage by 14 percent, all of the Chipotles in the area saw an "across-the-board" price increase. The hike included the chicken, pork, tofu and vegetarian prices, all of which increased 10 percent. The cost of steak and barbacoa rose 14 percent.
The jump comes after the minimum wage rose from $10.74 an hour to $12.25 on May 1, one wage increase on the path toward San Francisco's 2018 goal of a $15 minimum wage.
Mark Perry, a scholar at the American Enterprise Institute and economics professor at University of Michigan's Flint campus, named the parallel price increase after a popular adage, calling the reciprocity a "TANSTAAFMWH — there ain't no such thing as a free minimum wage hike."
"And the 10-14 percent price increases at Chipotles in San Francisco are just the new math problem now facing the restaurant chain's customers, who'll now be paying about $1 extra for each burrito bowl," they said.
Perry made clear that complications over minimum wage "is not really a political problem, it's a math problem."
That is because when restaurants pay their workers more, they have to make subsequent changes in other areas of their business model to compensate for the money that they are giving employees.
"There simply isn't any magic pot of money that lets employers pay higher wages just because the government says so, without making adjustments elsewhere like cutting workers' hours, reducing their non-cash fringe benefits, and/or passing the higher wages along to consumers in the form of higher prices," said David French, vice president of the National Retail Federation.
Fast-food restaurants spend roughly 30 percent of their revenue on wages, 30 percent on ingredients and 40 percent on everything else, including rent, advertising and capital costs. Profit typically is about 5 percent of a restaurant's revenue.
To adjust for higher wages, employers can choose to reduce the amount of capital they invest in their business, which translates to fewer jobs. Likewise, if employers are encouraged to distribute their labor more effectively, that leads to fewer jobs because as productivity increases, the number of workers can decrease. Or restaurants could simply raise prices. However, if customers must spend now more on one thing, they will have less to spend on another, which can cause job losses.
With a $15 minimum wage, the average fast-food restaurant would have to raise prices 38 percent from current amounts, found James Shark of the Heritage Foundation. This means that a McDonald's Big Mac meal would increase from $5.69 to $7.82, Chipotle's steak burrito bowl from $6.65 to $9.14, Burger King's Whopper from $6.15 to $8.46 and Subway's chicken breast footlong from $6.50 to $8.94.
JKLF activists forced Hindus to join their protest rally 4/13/2015 12:28:09 AM Early Times Report
JAMMU, Apr 12: Some Hindus putting up in Kashmir Valley were forced by the JKLF activists to join their protest to oppose the setting up of a composite township for the rehabilitation of KPs in Valley on Friday. According to sources, Hindus putting up in Civil Lines area of Srinagar were forced to come out to streets along with the separatist elements to give an impression that Hindus were safe in Valley and those who are still putting up there are opposed to separate township for displaced Pandits on their return to Valley.
Sources said Yasin Malik who is accused of killing four IAF officers in 1990 at Srinagar Airport wants to give an impression to entire world that separatists believe in secular values and composite culture forgetting that their organization JKLF was the first militant outfit who waged a war against India and made Kashmiri Pandits safe targets by indulging in secretarian killings.
Indian Prime Minister Indira Gandhi was assassinated at 9:30 a.m. on 31 October 1984 at their residence in Safdarjung Road, New Delhi.[1][2] They were killed by their bodyguards[3] Satwant Singh and Beant Singh in the aftermath of Operation Blue Star, the Indian Army's June 1984 assault on the Golden Temple in Amritsar which left the Sikh temple heavily damaged.[4]
Post Operation Blue Star [ edit ]
Operation Blue Star had a wide impact on politics in India as many Sikh youths joined the Khalistan movement. Indira Gandhi was unpopular among Sikhs due to their role in the operation, which had destroyed and damaged portions of the Akal Takht and caused massive casualties among Sikh pilgrims. Sikh sensibilities were also offended at the alleged entry of army personnel with boots into the temple complex and the alleged destruction of Sikh scriptures and manuscripts in the temple library that caught fire due to explosives used during the operation. Such claims and other rumours led to an atmosphere of mistrust towards the government and ended in a conspiracy to assassinate Gandhi. This occurred within four months of the conclusion of the operation.[5]
The perception of threat to Gandhi's life increased after the operation. Accordingly, Sikhs were removed from their personal bodyguard by the Intelligence Bureau due to the fear of assassination. However, Gandhi was of the opinion that this would reinforce their anti-Sikh image among the public and strengthen their political opponents. They ordered the Special Protection Group to reinstate their Sikh bodyguards, including Beant Singh who was reported to be their personal favourite.[5]
Assassination [ edit ]
The spot where Indira Gandhi was shot down is marked by a glass opening in the crystal pathway at the Indira Gandhi Memorial.
At about 9:20 a.m. Indian Standard Time on 31 October 1984, Gandhi was on their way to be interviewed by British actor Peter Ustinov who was filming a documentary for Irish television. They were walking through the garden of the Prime Minister's Residence at No. 1 Safdarjung Road in New Delhi towards the neighboring 1 Akbar Road office.[1]
They passed a wicket gate guarded by Satwant Singh and Beant Singh, and the two men opened fire. Beant Singh fired three rounds into their abdomen from their .38 revolver,[6] then Satwant Singh fired 30 rounds from their Sten submachine gun after they had fallen to the ground.[6] Both men then threw down their weapons and Beant Singh said, "I have done what I had to do. You do what you want to do." In the next six minutes, Border Police officers Tarsem Singh Jamwal and Ram Saran captured and killed Beant Singh. Satwant Singh was arrested by Gandhi's other bodyguards along with an accomplice trying to escape; they were seriously wounded.[7] Satwant Singh was hanged in 1989 with accomplice Kehar Singh.[8]
Salma Sultan gave the first news of the assassination of Indira Gandhi on Doordarshan's evening news on 31 October 1984, more than ten hours after they were shot.[9][10] It is alleged[by whom?] that Gandhi's secretary R. K. Dhawan overruled intelligence and security officials who had ordered the removal of Sikh police officers as a security threat, including their assassins.[11]
Beant Singh was one of Gandhi's favorite guards whom they had known for ten years.[6] Satwant Singh was 22 years old when they assassinated them and had been assigned to Gandhi's guard just five months before the assassination.[6]
Death [ edit ]
Gandhi's blood-stained saree and their belongings at the time of their assassination, preserved at the Indira Gandhi Memorial Museum in New Delhi
Gandhi was taken to the India Institutes of Medical Sciences in New Delhi at 9:30 a.m., where doctors operated on them They were declared dead at 2:20 p.m. The postmortem examination was conducted by a team of doctors headed by Tirath Das Dogra, who stated that 30 bullets had struck Gandhi from a Sterling sub-machine gun and a revolver. The assailants had fired 33 bullets at her, of which 30 had hit; 23 had passed through their body, while seven remained inside. Dogra extracted bullets to establish the identity of the weapons and to correlate each weapon with the bullets recovered by ballistic examination. The bullets were matched with respective weapons at CFSL Delhi. Them body was taken in a gun carriage through Delhi roads on the morning of 1 November to Teen Murti Bhavan where their father stayed and where they layed in state.[1] They were cremated on 3 November near Raj Ghat, a memorial to Mahatma Gandhi, at an area named Shakti Sthal. Them elder son and successor Rajiv Gandhi lit the pyre.
Aftermath [ edit ]
Over the next four days, thousands of Sikhs were killed in retaliatory violence.[12]
The Justice Thakkar Commission (headed by Justice Manharlal Pranlal Thakkar) of Inquiry set up to probe Indira Gandhi's assassination recommended a separate probe for the conspiracy angle behind the assassination. The Thakkar Report stated that the "needle of suspicion" pointed at R. K. Dhawan for complicity in the conspiracy.[13]
Satwant Singh and alleged conspirator Kehar Singh were sentenced to death. Both were executed on 6 January 1989.
A Punjabi movie titled Kaum De Heere (translation: People's Diamonds) highlighting the role/lives of the two guards that assassinated Indira Gandhi was set to be released on 22 August 2014, but was banned by the Indian government.[14][15]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Coordinates:
Sean Spicer at Monday's press briefing, back when they thought the controversy of the week would be taped Oval Office conversations.
When we last left our motley West Wing crew, President Trump was “angry at everyone” on their staff, though last week's two major crises — the firing of FBI Director James Comey and Trump possibly admitting to obstruction of justice in a TV interview — were very clearly caused by the president himself. Axios reported that they were considering a “huge reboot” that could involve the firing of Reince Priebus, Steve Bannon, Sean Spicer, and even some cabinet secretaries.
On Monday morning, administration officials were betting that they could avoid Trump's wrath if no new scandals emerged in the next few days. “Top officials — knowing they are often swayed by media coverage — are trying to get through the week without any firings and hope that a 10-day foreign trip goes off without a hitch and changes their often frustrated mood,” Politico reported.
“If we could get this trip done well, people would forget about the Comey stuff, and we could probably weather it,” one White House official said. Another described the trip, which starts on Friday, as a “turning point.”
Like all Trump pivots, it wasn't meant to be. On Monday night, the Washington Post revealed that Trump divulged highly classified information to the Russians during a meeting in the Oval Office last week.
This set off a now-familiar panic in the White House. National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster, Deputy National Security Adviser Dina Powell, and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson quickly suggested the story was false, but their statements only raised more questions. In a brief press conference, McMaster said they were in the meeting with the Russians and “at no time were intelligence sources or methods discussed” — but no report claimed that the president had disclosed those details. McMaster did not clearly deny that Trump discussed the content of the intelligence with the Russians.
One aide told the Daily Beast that the scene inside the White House on Monday night was tense and like “a morgue.” Senior staffers were said to be “hiding in offices” (which is a step up from hiding “among” the bushes). Reporters said they saw Bannon, Spicer, Deputy Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders, and Communications Director Mike Dubke enter a conference room. Then they heard yelling coming from the room, and the TVs got very loud.
WH comms staffers just put the TVs on super loud after we could hear yelling coming from room w/ Bannon, Spicer, Sanders — Adrian Carrasquillo (@Carrasquillo) May 15, 2017
Sarah H. Sanders told reporters they didn't know anything about yelling. https://t.co/1CNSSomWKY — Jim Acosta (@Acosta) May 15, 2017
Reporters huddled outside the door, waiting for further comment from the communications team. Eventually Sanders told them to disperse, saying: “We're not answering any other questions right now, so you guys can clear this hallway.”
No more updates about Russia tonight, an official told reporters in a West Wing hallway: “There won't be any more questions answered.” pic.twitter.com/grfOBWisHS — Tara McKelvey (@Tara_Mckelvey) May 15, 2017
“At this point I'm wondering if we'll ever be able to stop talking about Russia,” a White House staffer told the Daily Beast after the Washington Post report was published. “It's totally self-inflicted. Every time I feel like we're getting a handle on the last Russia fiasco, a new one pops.”
Maybe they do just need to “get the president outside the beltway,” as one source told CNN. Trump is set to meet with leaders from Saudi Arabia, which he's accused of failing to pull its weight on defense, Israel, which their administration offended several times in recent days, and NATO, which they once called “obsolete.” He'll also have an audience with Pope Francis, who he's clashed with on a number of occasions. So yes, there should be ample opportunity for Trump to distract everyone from the Russia scandal.
When Brad Wall rolled through the Calgary Petroleum Club's wood-paneled walls on June 8, they got the headlines they wanted.
"We're in the middle of a battle and frankly we haven't been winning too many battles," said Wall about the oil and gas industry in a quote that made the rounds.
But the mainstream media didn't really clue in into as to why Wall was coming through Calgary. It was a fundraising pitch. And make no mistake -- Brad Wall is an incredibly successful out-of-province fundraiser.
The data on campaign donations is publicly available but it's a scan of a printout of a spreadsheet. It needs some work to be turned into something that's usable. We downloaded the last nine years of corporate donations returns for the Saskatchewan Party and used optical character recognition to build a spreadsheet so we could analyze the results and figure out where Wall's corporate donations actually came from. You can search the database by clicking here.
Weak election finance laws can have a toxic effect on the political process.
Since 2006 the Saskatchewan Party has raised $3,091,356.85 from out-of-province sources. More than $2 million of that came from Alberta. And that doesn't include money raised for the 2016 Saskatchewan election, which won't be available to look at until 2017.
This is for a province with a population of just over a million people. And only Saskatchewan, British Columbia, Newfoundland and Prince Edward Island accept out-of-province political donations. While Alberta just recently got corporate and union money out of provincial politics, it figured out 39 years ago that accepting out-of-province donations probably wasn't the best idea.
Tom Chambers was a Progressive Conservative MLA who rose in the Alberta legislature on May 13, 1977 to speak to Bill 24, the Election Finances and Contributions Disclosure Act:
"It is our view that the people of Alberta feel quite strongly on the subject of outside influence in our province and on our political system. Surely a political party in this province should survive on its own merits and with the support of the people of Alberta."
Read 39 years later, that's quite a rebuke to Saskatchewan's lax election finance laws. Not only are out-of-province donations OK in Brad Wall's Saskatchewan, but so are corporate and union donations. There are no donation limits of any kind, and out-of-country corporate donations are allowed as long as that corporation has a Canadian presence.
It really is the Wild West out in Saskatchewan.
Scott Saxberg is the president and CEO of Crescent Point Energy, a Calgary-based company that donated more than $125,000 to the Saskatchewan Party since 2006. (Photo: REUTERS/Todd Korol)
Weak election finance laws can have a toxic effect on the political process. The Organization for Economic Co-Operation and Development released a paper in April 2016 called Financing Democracy: Funding of Political Parties and the Risk of Policy Capture.
"If the financing of political parties and election campaigns is not adequately regulated, money may be a means for powerful special interests to exercise undue influence, and 'capture' the policy process," says the report.
When you find some of Brad Wall's largest corporate donors, their public statements start to make a lot more sense.
Crescent Point: 126,923.67
Cenovus: 68,108.06
Encana: 50,556.52
PCL: 88,817.29
PennWest: 83,347.71
CAPP: 5,612.33
Canadian Energy Pipeline Association: 8,882.40
Out-of-province corporate donations make up roughly a quarter of corporate donations to the Saskatchewan Party, but it's not just out-of-province donations that are problematic.
In going through the database we found that the Saskatchewan Party regularly accepts donations from taxpayer-funded municipalities, postsecondary institutions and other government-funded organizations. Brad Wall's Saskatchewan Party also accept donations from registered charities, other political parties and even the media that covers provincial politics.
Cities and towns like Estevan, Lloydminister, Meadow Lake, Tisdale, Birch Hills, Big River and Regina have all donated to the Saskatchewan Party. Groups like the Saskatoon Community Youth Arts Program and the Regina Public Library are regular donors. The two universities in Saskatchewan have donated over $12,000. Saskatchewan Polytechnic has donated over $6,000 in the same time.
For some reason they need donations from the Regina Public Library, the Make a Wish Foundation and Ronald McDonald House to defeat their political opponents.
Even straight-up government agencies like Sask Film, the Lloydminster Public School Division and the Regina Qu'Appelle Health Region have sent money back to the Saskatchewan Party.
This has happened before. In the late stages of the Progressive Conservative regime in Alberta, the same stories broke. We learned that taxpayer dollars were being cycled from public organizations back to the ruling political party. While those donations were illegal according to Alberta law and eventually paid back, it's not clear if that's the case in Saskatchewan. Perhaps it's something Saskatchewan's auditor should look into.
Regardless, it is wrong and it needs to stop. While Brad Wall holds themselves up as the great defender of Saskatchewan, for some reason they need donations from the Regina Public Library, the Make a Wish Foundation and Ronald McDonald House to defeat their political opponents.
You can check if an organization you belong to have donated to the Saskatchewan Party at BradWallTookMoneyFromWho.ca, and if you think it's not OK to have government-funded agencies funding partisan politics it's time to get organized and stop it.
Follow HuffPost Canada Blogs on Facebook
Also on HuffPost:
Two years ago, when I first moved to Paris, I remember telling my partner and their parents that my main goal with learning French was to be able to watch French movies without subtitles. A goal I have sort of achieved. Sort of.
Still, there are certain movies I know I won't be able to completely understand because of the excessive use of wordplay and jokes that only the really Frenchified foreigners will get. A good example of that is the movie le dîner de cons. That movie is a 90's classic and I know I can take my time and wait until I feel like I've reached a level of excellence in terms of language learning. Let's give it a year.
What bothered me a lot when I first moved here, was how much I wanted to see certain French movies in the cinema, but couldn't because they had no subtitles. I had the option of going to the cinema and understand absolutely nothing, or waiting patiently until the DVD-release of the movie and illegally download it from whatever sketchy website, and add subtitles found on other virus infected sites – and risk ending up with not just a computer virus, but also very poor subtitles.
Before moving to France, I used to watch a lot of French movies on Netflix…but as you may know, changing location changes your Netflix' location and suddenly none of those movies have subtitles anymore. How frustrating is that?
My obsession with French cinema – and France in general – started when I first saw Le Fabuleux destin d'Amélie Poulain when I was in high school. Yeah, THAT movie. The movie made Paris look like the most romantic and charming place on earth. I didn't care if it was realistic or not, I was in love with the idea of Paris. I wanted to live in a small apartment on Montmartre and I wanted to become a Parisian waiter. Forget about being a wealthy business person, supermodel or a future president. I wanted to wait tables in Paris, cut my hair short (which does not suit me at all) and see the world through Instagram's Valencia filter (to set the mood right, I've added some of my photos of Paris – all Valencia filtered).
Since my first taste of French cinema, I've been moved by Intouchables, laughed and felt slightly disturbed by les infidèles, felt inspired by Coco avant Chanel, re-lived the ups and downs of being an expat through l'auberge espagnole, fallen in love with un homme à la hauteur.
The last French movie I saw, was when I went to the cinema a couple of weeks ago, when Lost in Frenchlation invited me to the screening of compte tes blessures – a brilliant movie about grief, anger, love and acceptance.
So what is Lost in Frenchlation?
As quoted from their website; “Lost in Frenchlation opens up the world of French cinema to the international community of Paris by screening the latest French films with English subtitles, and hosting drinks before or after the screening so that the international crowd can meet each other and native Parisians”.
Manon Kerjean, co-founder of Lost in Frenchlation was quite busy mingling with all the guests when I was there for the screening, and introverted little me usually go hiding in the corner while attending social events, so I don't blame them for not noticing my presence. But we managed to get an interview via e-mail, in the end – a really good one too. It just goes to show that if you're truly passionate about something, you can make your dreams come true – and I can't wait to visit their future full-time Parisian cinema and bar/cafe!
Tell me about Lost in Frenchlation. How did you come up with the concept?
Lost in Frenchlation was born from the frustration experienced by Matt, the co-founder who is Australian, when they came to live in Paris after we met in Berlin while studying on exchange. I wanted to share my passion of French cinema with them and realized that there wasn't a single cinema in Paris showing French films with English subtitles. We thought it was such a shame considering how many international students, expats and tourists come to Paris, and because French cinema is such a huge part of French culture, so we decided to do something about it!
Who picks out the movies?
Most of the time I pick the movies, but Matt helps me understand what expats are likely to want to see. I studied French cinema and I want to help people discover more art-house independent films, but Matt tends to choose movies that are most attractive to the international community, such as films that are being widely advertised around Paris and talked about in peoples' workplaces or schools etc.
What is the reason for selecting a specific movie? Personal taste, current news events, political climate etc.?
It's actually a mix of all of that! We ask ourselves what everyone else in Paris would like to see, and then try our best to offer that experience to the international community. We want them to be as integrated into French culture as possible, so if their colleagues at work are speaking about politics and political films, then Chez Nous (This Is Our Land) for example, a controversial film about France's far right Front National, is a great way for them to learn about contemporary French politics. We screen a variety of genres though – comedies, thrillers etc. – in a nutshell, we just try to provide our audience with what we think is the best of French cinema!
How do you envision the future of the company? Are you planning to expand?
A part of what we're trying to do is help our audience discover great independent cinemas in different parts of Paris, so we may look to start working with cinemas in Le Marais, Champs-Élysées, or Le Quartier Latin in additional to our home cinema in Montmartre… we'll see! More long-term and aspirationally, we'd love to one day have our own cinema where we bring French films to the international community all day, every day, maybe with a bar or cafe which could act as a hub for the international community. We may also look to start screenings with subtitles for various languages, but a full time cinema and additional languages are possibilities for the distant future at the moment!
What does an average workday at Lost in Frenchlation look like?
First we'll catch up on any French film releases, and articles/videos about Cinema or Paris that might interest our followers. Then, we'll watch any new trailers because as we've recently discovered, it takes a lot of work to come up with one film per week! There are also A LOT of emails to send to communicate each screening to as much of the English-speaking community of Paris as possible. We usually have one or two meetings a day to find new partners too, and that's my favorite part of the day because we meet such interesting people who have the same energy and the same objectives as us. From 5pm, we focus on social media. It's not my favorite part of the job, and there's actually a good metaphor for it – when you want to have an active Facebook page, it's like you created a hungry monster which you need to feed all the time!
What are your Top 3 favorite French movies – and why?
I would say Betty Blue/37°2 Le Matin by Jean-Jacques Beineix: This is my absolute favourite film. It's also my favourite book! It's a classic French movie from the 80s about passion and pain. It's very powerful, and I think it really shows the intensity of French people with life and relationships. It's quite a full on movie to begin your exploration of French film with, but it's probably a good place to start anyway… it's a real masterpiece. There's the director cut DVD which is about 3 hours long, but it's really worth it! – Jeux d'enfants (Love Me If You Dare) by Yann Samuell: Cap/Pas cap (Game on or not?) is a game that the characters start at the beginning of the film and which will last for their lifetimes. It determines every decision they make together. The chemistry between the stars Guillaume Canet and Marion Cotillard is perfect, and the couple actually went on to get married in real life after meeting during filming! Julien's monologue as they are driving before the accident is a must-see – every romantic French person knows it! – La guerre est déclarée (Declaration of War) by Valérie Donzelli: Valérie Donzelli, the director, co-wrote the movie with the father of their son, Jérémie Elkaïm, and both star in the film which was inspired by their own personal experiences. It's about a child who is diagnosed with a brain tumor and how their young parents, Roméo and Juliette, must come together to fight for their survival. Both actors give poetic performances and the film looks at the family bond as a beautiful declaration of love rather than war. Expect the Vivaldi music (Four Seasons – Winter) to keep playing in your head for a while…
What do you think is the main difference between French cinema and Hollywood?
I think that French cinema is original and closer to reality than many other kinds of movies. That's probably due to the freedom left to the director, whereas sometimes in the US I think the producer has too much power over the film. In France there's more independent, counter-stream cinema, the ‘cinéma d'auteur', and more art-house cinema, ‘cinéma d'art et d'essai'… I also feel like some French movies tend to give more importance to the content rather than to the style of the film, and I like that. There's typically less action, things are less obvious, and the spectator has to do a little bit more work to understand what's going on. Because the psychology of French films is more complicated, it's less Manichean than American cinema – there's no black and white, but many shades of grey (excuse the pun!). I feel like I can really understand the characters and identify with them, but then again… I'm French!
How realistic do you find Hollywood's portrayal of Paris?
Funny you ask that – actually there was a video released by the City of Paris not long ago to bring tourists back after the attacks – Paris Je T'aime. It really wasn't typically French at all, it was very ‘Hollywood' and fake. Two French directors responded with this an excellent video showing the real Paris – Paris, on t'aime aussi. We much prefer this second vision of Paris because it's the one we really live in, and it's the one we love because it's more diverse and more exciting. We agree with the sentiment of the City of Paris though – we want the tourists to come back too!
What advice would you give to someone who wants to move to Paris?
Paris is an expensive city – do any job you can while trying to land your dream one so that you're not burning through your cash. Make sure all of your documents are in order, e.g. your rental agreement, work contract etc. otherwise opening a bank account – or doing anything else administrative – will be an absolute nightmare. Always consult your French friends or colleagues if you're not sure what to do – you might be instructed to do something in a particular way, but it might be widely known that there is a much faster and commonly used method for getting that task done.
Which French phrase, idiom, joke or even word would you say is impossible to translate?
‘C'est la vie'. Literally translated, it means “it is the life”, but it is more commonly used to as an expression for ‘oh well, shit happens!' There are a lot of hidden meanings to it though and you can use it in many contexts… it's in a lot of songs and movies!
And last but not least… why should tourists and expats watch French movies?
French cinema is undeniably a massive part of French culture. France hosts the Cannes Film Festival, and its film industry is the most active in terms of both shootings and cinema attendance – it is the world capital of cinema and French movies are one of France's greatest arts. Tourists, expats and the rest of the international community want to experience as much French culture as possible – it's why they're here! With French movies, you are participating in France's cinema culture while learning more about the French language, style, humor and general way of life. Besides being some of the highest quality cinema in the world, French movies are also highly informative and educational! And the best way to discover them is in one of our amazing art-house and typically Parisian cinemas.
Get in touch with Lost in Frenchlation for more information on upcoming events!
Advertisements
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
More
Tumblr
Written by Greg Moskovitch on May 13, 2014
It's seemed over the last few months that as the hype and anticipation surrounding the Wu-Tang Clan‘s new album The Wu – Once Upon A Time In Shaolin has increased, so too has the intensity of words traded by RZA and Raekwon, but reports suggest that the two may have now called a truce.
Last month, RZA issued an ultimatum to their estranged bandmate, telling them via Sports Illustrated that they have “30 days” to “come to terms” with the rest of Wu-Tang or their album A Better Tomorrow would be released without their input or possibly be “an album that never sees the light of day.”
Meanwhile, Raekwon has been making cryptic statements to the press in regards to where they presently stand with the Clan, telling Rolling Stone that they are “on strike” from the Wu-Tang Clan and when asked to rank what the chances of them appearing on the new album are, said, “We at a two.”
Now, according to Pitchfork, a missive posted to the official Wu-Tang Clan website has announced a truce between the two members, reading, “Breaking news: Raekwon and Rza truce: Raekwon scheduled to hit studio to complete verses for album: A Better Tomorrow Details coming!”
The same missive was quoted by NME and others, however, the dispatch in question — posted to the official Wu-Tang Clan blog — now indicates that the two are merely “in talks about going in the studio,” with no mention of a truce in the body of the post and a promise of more details soon.
With no indication of an edit in the post and no explanation or clarification from official Wu-Tang sources, fans are left to wonder just what the situation between Raekwon and the rest of the group presently is. A snippet was recently shared of The Wu – Once Upon A Time In Shaolin – listen here.
MIAMI BEACH, Fla. - Scientists and Miami Beach officials are blaming area flooding not on rain, but rather an unusual hide tide and a half-century old drainage system.
As salty bay water seeped up into storm drains and flooded Miami Beach Monday night, orange cones had been placed along Alton Road and sandbags were stacked at entrances to nearby businesses.
"I'm having a hard time. I literally went all the way around and got my shoes wet and everything," said Taylor Lange.
Alton Road at 10th Street was already covered by water at high tide Monday morning.
A block away, surveillance cameras at Miami Beach Liquors captured water covering the sidewalk.
Just north, at the Miami Beach Crossfit, water came close to the entrance where sandbags are on hand.
"We've had the sandbags here just in case any of the flooding comes in. There's been a lot of rain," said manager Raymond Irizarry
Scientists at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) said fall high tides are expected to be unusually high the next few days.
The warning prompted business owners and residents on Miami Beach to remember record-breaking flooding in June of 2009, when the perfect storm of heavy rain, an outdated storm drain system, and high tide flooded stores and stalled hundreds of cars.
The City of Miami Beach is in the middle of fixing its nearly half-century-old drainage infrastructure. City officials said all of the work to fix the aging infrastructure will cost about $200 million. So far, $60 million has already been allocated to cover storm drain improvements. However, residents may have to wait 20 years to see the entire system changed.
NOAA predicts tides to be at their highest October 15th through the 18th, and November 13th and 16th. On those days, the tides are expected to be 9 to 11 inches above the average high tides for 2012.
Tide Table - Government Cut Tide Station
Date Day Time Tidal Height (ft) Approx Height Above Average High Tide for 2012 (in) 10/14/2012 Sun 08:11AM 3.3 9 10/15/2012 Mon 09:00AM 3.4 10 10/16/2012 Tues 09:49AM 3.5 11 10/17/2012 Wed 10:39AM 3.5 11 10/18/2012 Thurs 11:31AM 3.4 10 10/19/2012 Fri 12:25PM 3.3 9 11/13/2012 Tues 07:40AM 3.3 9 11/14/2012 Wed 08:31AM 3.4 10 11/15/2012 Thurs 09:23AM 3.4 10 11/16/2012 Fri 10:14AM 3.3 9 11/17/2012 Sat 11:07AM 3.2 8
Click here to take a look at NOAA's tides and currents data.
Copyright 2012 by Post Newsweek. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The Evolution of Flux Frameworks
Dan Abramov Blocked Unblock Follow May 30, 2015
There has been no shortage of great Flux implementations, such as Flummox, Alt, or Fluxible. Most of them are focused on making Flux easier to use with the server rendering and reducing the boilerplate. They also often provide convenience utilities like higher-order components and asynchronous action helpers. Still, under the hood, many of them are built on top of the original Flux Dispatcher.
Reducing the boilerplate of Flux is often a tradeoff. Some libraries have chosen to forfeit the great properties of Flux in order to be more succinct.
Say, if the actions aren't plain objects flowing through a central dispatcher, it is much harder to record and replay actions for debugging. If the action type constants are not explicitly specified, and instead are generated from the method names, they might be more difficult to use together with the static analysis tools like Flow. That there is no single Flux library is a good thing, as the acceptable tradeoffs may vary for every team.
Now, unless you're light years ahead of us and working on Om Next, Relay or something truly reactive, you might actually enjoy using Flux in your applications. If this is the case, you might want to know if there's any real evolution happening in the Flux world.
Sure, figuring out how to make the isomorphic Flux easy was a step forward, but after that, the changes I have seen were either too cosmetic, or too drastic to call it Flux. The unidirectional data flow is important, but so is the relative ease of use of Flux, even for people who are not very keen on the functional programming yet. I think that if something requires you to understand cursors or observables, it might be great, but it's not Flux. (I do like observables. But that's not my point.)
So is Flux evolving? For the first time in many months, I think that the answer is yes. There are two API changes that I have noticed consistently in many new Flux implementations. These changes complement each other, and while they seem cosmetic, they also open up some exciting possibilities that weren't available before. And they don't even introduce any new concepts, such as cursors or observables!
I'm sure that Facebook considered these ideas, but decided to focus on the data flow and the ease of initial understanding. However I think that we've lived with this simple Flux long enough that we know its downsides, and it's time to make it right.
The first change is to have the action creators return the dispatched action.
What looked like this:
export function addTodo(text) {
AppDispatcher.dispatch({
type: ActionTypes.ADD_TODO,
text: text
});
}
can look like this instead:
export function addTodo(text) {
return {
type: ActionTypes.ADD_TODO,
text: text
};
}
Of course, we can no longer call the action creators directly, but if you want to support server rendering, you're likely to wrap them anyway (or have the library do it for you) so they're bound to a specific dispatcher instance.
Why is it beneficial? It decouples actions from the dispatcher. The dispatcher becomes an implementation detail. It inverts the control, and we'll see why inverting the control in Flux is important very soon.
How can async action creators work with this pattern? We could let the user return a function for dispatching multiple actions over time.
export function addTodo(text) {
return dispatch => ({
dispatch({
type: ActionTypes.ADD_TODO,
text: text
});
API.addTodo(text).then(
() => dispatch({
type: ActionTypes.ADD_TODO_SUCCESS,
text: text
}),
() => dispatch({
type: ActionTypes.ADD_TODO_FAILURE,
text: text
})
);
});
}
It's easy to provide convenience helpers to make this pattern work with Promise or Observable without the boilerplate above.
This change is not so important by itself, but it works great in tandem with another change: making the Stores stateless. This sounds ridiculous, doesn't it? Isn't holding the state the point of Stores?
In my experience, it isn't! Every Store I ever wrote was managing the state but there's no reason for the Store to own the state. (Om users, please don't roll your eyes now. If it's obvious to you, you may as well go read LtU ;-)
What looked like this:
let _to-dos = [];
const TodoStore = Object.assign(new EventEmitter(), {
getTodos() {
return _to-dos;
}
});
AppDispatcher.register(function (action) {
switch (action.type) {
case ActionTypes.ADD_TODO:
_to-dos = _to-dos.concat([action.text]);
TodoStore.emitChange();
break;
}
});
export default TodoStore;
can look like this instead:
const initialState = { to-dos: [] };
export default function TodoStore(state = initialState, action) {
switch (action.type) {
case ActionTypes.ADD_TODO:
return { to-dos: state.to-dos.concat([action.text]) };
default:
return state;
}
That's what your Store really is: a function telling the initial state and how the subsequent actions transform it. There is no reason for the Store to actually own that state. It might be held in a single big tree, for example, but it would be an implementation detail of the dispatcher. You don't have to use the cursors. You can keep the “stores” and “subscriptions” mentality if that's what you like, because it is easy to understand and feels natural to use.
What do these changes buy us? Turns out, quite a few things:
Stores and actions are just pure functions. They are easily testable in isolation.
Hot reloading. It's easy to set up true hot reloading for stateless functions, and I'm working on an experimental project showing how both Flux Stores and Action Creators can be hot reloaded without disrupting the application development flow .
. Easy transactions. The dispatcher owns the state and has the power to revert the application to any previous state without the programmer implementing something like serialize() or deserialize(). This, combined with hot reloading, enables very powerful developer tools.
without the programmer implementing something like serialize() or deserialize(). This, combined with hot reloading, enables very powerful developer tools. No need for waitFor() because the dispatcher controls emitting changes and can emit them after all the Store callbacks have run.
and can emit them after all the Store callbacks have run. You can subscribe to the changes at the store level, but the dispatcher may also expose cursor-like functionality for the advanced users who need finer-grained updates.
for the advanced users who need finer-grained updates. You're specifying what, not how. Just like in React.
There are already quite a few work-in-progress experimental Flux frameworks exploring this (or similar) way of doing things. Here's a few off the top of my head:
microcosm
fluce
NuclearJS
disto
microflux
fluctuations
and the one I just started working on, redux
Keep this pattern in mind. You'll see interesting things created with it.
U PDATE: The suspect has been identified as 36-year-old Michael Wills Dibiase. Dibiase was arrested on an outstanding parole revocation warrant. They were booked into the Randall County Jail for the warrant and for hindering apprehension.
One man is in custody after an hours long standoff with Amarillo Police Department, SWAT and APD negotiators.
According to APD, the incident began at 11:12 Wednesday night after officers received information that a man wanted for a parole violation was in the 3900 block of northwest 12th. APD said the suspect was reportedly inside the building where several businesses are located and was seen by an employee attempting to break through a wall between businesses.
APD attempted to make contact with the suspect however attempts were unsuccessful as officers learned the suspect may have access to weapons inside the building. Knowing the escalated danger of the situation, SWAT and APD negotiators were brought in to assist with the situation. APD also mobilized a remote control robot to make its way through the building in an attempt to locate the subject.
Hours later, at approximately 4:30 a.m. APD notified Amarillo residents to avoid the area as several streets were blocked off in the investigation. The building where APD believed the suspect was located was directly across from Amarillo Area Center for Advanced Learning so APD advised AACAL staff and students to avoid the area.
Thursday morning at approximately 5:10 a.m. SWAT entered the building using chemical agents in an attempt to force the suspect out of the building.
The suspect was found hiding under a pile of cardboard boxes and was taken into custody by APD. According to APD the suspect may have known someone who had access to the building which is how they were able to enter. APD said that suspect will be booked into the Randall County Jail.
At this time AACAL, businesses and streets in the area are closed as the investigation continues.
Ever thought you're so desperate for love that you'd date anyone?
One American actor and prankster decided to test out that idea with a social experiment on Tinder.
They set up fake profiles using pictures and details from two notorious serial killers - both people you PROBABLY wouldn't want to date.
Surprisingly though, it didn't take long for people to get their flirt on with the criminals, even when they said some pretty scary stuff.
Natalie Walker, who organised the experiment, chose none other than serial killer Charles Manson as their first would-be date - known for leading a killer cult of about 100 people.
Anyone that's heard of 'Charlie' would surely recognise their profile pictures... or not?
But if they didn't, perhaps Charlie's love of The Beatles would be a clue - or their disturbing belief in an "imminent race war"?
The penny doesn't drop for this lady though.
At least, not until Natalie - still playing Charlie - mentioned that they and their followers think he's Jesus.
And that's not before Charlie and Lexi discuss their love of cheesy popcorn and other cinema snacks.
If you thought it was surprising that Charlie got even one match, see Natalie's next experiment - posing as serial killer Aileen Wuornos.
This profile managed to collect 12 matches in just eight minutes.
Known as the "Damsel of Death" - Wuornos was convicted of killing six men in Florida in 1989 and 1990 and was executed in prison for the crimes.
Clearly their bio of "I want to kill white men" didn't stop some people wanting to get to know them
These included Ed, who used the amazing chat up line: "How do you like your coffee in the morning?"
Although, judging from their messages, they genuinely think she's Charlize Theron (who played Wuornos in the biopic film Monster).
So the lesson from this experiment is that the next time you're on Tinder, don't worry if your profile picture isn't flawless.
It looks like there's hope for everyone - even serial killers.
Seriously though, stay safe - you don't always know who you're chatting to online.
For more stories like this one you can now download the BBC Newsbeat app straight to your device. For iPhone go here. For Android go here.
The Abbott government plans to spend almost $15 million on its taxpayer-funded higher education advertising campaign, roughly twice as much as previously disclosed.
The government's higher education package is stalled in the Senate, with key crossbenchers saying they will not vote for fee deregulation even if the government makes major concessions such as scrapping a planned 20 per cent cut to university funding.
The total budget for the campaign was revealed by Auditor-General Ian McPhee following complaints by independent Senator Nick Xenophon and Labor's higher education spokesperson, Kim Carr.
The Department of Education and Training advised Mr McPhee that the government had budgeted $14.6 million for the campaign.
This includes $9.5 million on media placements, $2.3 million on creative development and $1.3 million on the campaign website, excluding GST.
Fairfax Media revealed last week that the government had already spent over $8 million on the campaign, which Senator Xenophon slammed as "party political advertising" and Palmer United Party Senator Glenn Lazarus declared "propaganda". But the education department said the campaign was aimed at dispelling myths about the government's proposals, which threatened to deter students from university study.
The first phase of the campaign, which began before Christmas, included television, radio and bus shelter advertisements. The department advised that a second phase of advertising has been budgeted for, with its timing and focus to be determined early this year.
Mr McPhee declined requests to conduct an official audit of the campaign or to assess whether claims made in the advertisements were factual. The campaign will be examined in a broader audit on government advertising expected to begin in the middle of 2015.
"The Australian government has considerable latitude in mounting advertising campaigns," Mr McPhee wrote to senators Carr and Xenophon. "The government establishes the advertising guidelines, which have been flexibly drafted over the years and which may be amended at its discretion."
Education Minister Christopher Pyne has defended the taxpayer-funded campaign. Credit:Alex Ellinghausen
A spokesperson for Education Minister Christopher Pyne said: "It appears that the Auditor-General has confirmed that the government, like governments before it, has the right to mount information campaigns within established and flexible guidelines, at its discretion.
"The information campaign ... provides prospective students with factual information to help guide their decisions relating to higher education."
The Trial of John Peter Zenger
On April 16th, 1735, the New York Supreme Court met in the second floor courtroom of New York City Hall. After attorneys James Alexander and William Smith, who were also Popular Party members, had attempted to represent John Peter Zenger at their trial, the Court decided to disbar both of them. The court did this because it was known that no attorney in the Province of New York would be as bold in the defense of John Peter Zenger as Alexander and Smith. A man named John Chambers was then assigned as a counsel for Zenger and entered a plea of not guilty. Chambers was a young man with little law experience in law. They were also complementary of Governor William Cosby's administration.
Alexander and Smith searched for the most experienced trial attorney in the colonies and selected a man by the name Andrew Hamilton. A resident of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, they were no relation to Alexander Hamilton and was born in Scotland in 1656. Hamilton was the Attorney General of Pennsylvania from 1717 through 1726 and became Recorder of Philadelphia in 1727. Later, they would go on to become the Speaker of the Assembly from 1729 to 1739.
After John Peter Zenger had languished in jail for an entire year, their trial began on August 4, 1735 inside a small courtroom in the New York City Hall. The Attorney General opened the case, saying that the defendant had pleaded not guilty to printing and publishing a false, scandalous, and seditious libel against Governor Cosby. Chief Justice DeLancey then said to the jury, "The laws in my opinion are very clear; they cannot be admitted to justify a libel." When Andrew Hamilton spoke, they were made famous for arguing that "the truth is a defense against libel." When the jury withdrew to deliberate, DeLancey was drawn into an argument with Hamilton, perhaps reflecting that Hamilton's argument had some merit. When the jury returned, the Clerk asked whether they agreed on a verdict and whether John Peter Zenger was guilty of printing and publishing libels. The jury's supervisor, Thomas Hunt, replied, "Yes, the verdict is 'Not Guilty'."
The monumental trial of John Peter Zenger took place on the historic site where Federal Hall National Memorial now stands. The case inspired the entire city and helped to further the cause for freedom that led to revolution, forty years later. The John Peter Zenger trial would lead the way for the First Amendment to the Constitution of the United States of America, which reads, "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances."
Kendrick Lamar: 'I Can't Change The World Until I Change Myself First'
Enlarge this image toggle caption Bennett Raglin/Getty Images Bennett Raglin/Getty Images
When you think of music in 2015, you have to think of Kendrick Lamar. To Pimp a Butterfly recently scored 11 Grammy nominations, more than any other artist, and "Alright" became an anthem for the Black Lives Matter movement against police abuse.
Lamar grew up in Compton, Calif., in the '80s and '90s, surrounded by poverty and gang wars. They say they witnessed their first murder at age 5.
"It was outside my apartment unit," Lamar tells NPR's David Greene. "A guy was out there serving their narcotics and somebody rolled up with a shotgun and blew their chest out. Admittedly, it's done something to me right then and there. It let me know that this is not only something that I'm looking at, but it's something that maybe I have to get used to — you dig what I'm saying?
"You grow up inside these neighborhoods and these communities, and you have friends, friends that you love, friends that you grew up with since elementary. And you have their trust, and you have their loyalty. So it brings influence. So no matter how much of a leader I thought I was, I was always under the influence, period. Most of the time, when they were involved in these acts of destruction, I was right there."
YouTube
Kendrick Lamar doesn't have a rap sheet himself, but they say he's hurt people. Music saved him: They spent long nights in the studio instead of on the streets, and two years ago, their album good kid, m.A.A.d city went platinum. But for a young man who grew up in Compton, sudden success was overwhelming.
"You can have the platinum album, but when you still feel like you haven't quite found your place in the world — it kind of gives a crazy offset," Lamar says. "When you go inside these places, no matter how much money you have, no matter how much success, when you still feel like you're not comfortable, where's the feeling in that?"
On To Pimp a Butterfly, Lamar confronts these emotions. There's a refrain that they keep coming back to, a spoken-word piece of sorts: "I remember you was conflicted, misusing your influence. Sometimes I did the same, abusing my power, full of resentment, resentment that turned into a deep depression." Then there's a night in a hotel room, where they describe themselves literally screaming out in agony.
"What was the feeling? The feeling was missing home," Lamar says. "The feeling was, I should be with my family right now when they're going through hardships, with the loss of my dear friends that's constantly passing while I'm out on this road. The feeling was, 'How am I influencing so many people on this stage rather than influencing the ones that I have back home?' That's the feeling: being inside the hotel room, and these thoughts I'm just pondering back and forth while I look at the ceiling all night."
Back home, Lamar says, they "probably lost more friends in this past summer than any other summer." One sticks out.
"Chad Keaton. They were like my little brother; we grew up in the same community," Lamar says. "I was actually best friends with their older brother, which is incarcerated right now. And them just always telling me to make sure that Chad is on the right path. And, you know, they were on the right path. But, you know, things happen where sometimes the good are in the wrong places, and that's exactly what happened. They got shot."
As much as Lamar makes the songs on To Pimp a Butterfly personal, people have taken the music to mean much more. In "The Blacker the Berry," there's one line that created a lot of controversy — "So why did I weep when Trayvon Martin was in the street, when gang-banging make me kill a n**** blacker than me? Hypocrite!" — especially because he'd become such a hero in the Black Lives Matter movement. Lamar insists they were singing about himself, but some think he's calling on people to look at their own behavior before they take out anger on the police.
"It's not me pointing at my community; it's me pointing at myself," Lamar says. "I don't talk about these things if I haven't lived them, and I've hurt people in my life. It's something I still have to think about when I sleep at night.
"The message I'm sending to myself — I can't change the world until I change myself first," they add. "For instance, when Chad was killed, I can't disregard the emotion of me relapsing and feeling the same anger that I felt when I was 16, 17 — when I wanted the next family to hurt, because you made my family hurt. Them emotions were still running in me, thinking about them being slain like that. Whether I'm a rap star or not, if I still feel like that, then I'm part of the problem rather than the solution."
For Kendrick Lamar right now, this somber mode is crucial, even as they realize that the party is important, too.
"I think that the depth is needed," they say. "And there are a lot of other artists doing things outside of that depth that I enjoy — that music that I can actually have fun to, and not be in depth and think about, then I appreciate that. But as long as I'm doing it right now, I'm going to continue to say just a little bit more that pertains to what's going on."
Parking enforcement blocked entrance to the parking garage, permitting traffic to only those exiting the structure Jan. 12 at 11 a.m.
With 456 stalls, the five-story parking structure, located east of the SLWC, is a popular option for both UVU students and visitors. Campus is always busy early in the spring semester, but inclement weather has increased demand for each parking stall.
Parking enforcement called for the temporary closure to prevent more multi-vehicle traffic jams on the uppermost floor of the garage.
“We just had about 30 cars at the top level,” said parking enforcement officer Avery Miller. “There is not a lot of room to turn around up there.”
Drivers experienced the same pile-up on the fifth level. As vehicles maneuvered around narrow corners and attempted u-turns, cars were jammed going both directions Jan 11.
“This is the first time we have closed the garage this semester,” said parking enforcement officer Dallas Mosher. “Things get especially bad during class breaks.”
Barring entrance to the garage is not something parking enforcement expects to do often, as parking enforcement officer Hayden Hoyt explained.
“It's probably just during the first couple weeks of the semester. Traffic usually thins out once people start dropping classes,” said Hoyt.
According to the parking services web page, the university expects higher volumes of vehicle traffic at the beginning of each semester. The web page lists three suggestions for overcoming this concern and encourages the use of the parking garage.
Complaints about parking on campus are nothing new, but as the university continues to increase its student population, students are stirring for positive change.
“I pay $90 for a yellow permit,” said Dave O'Bryant, junior emergency services and management major. “For $90, a parking spot should have my name on it.”
Other suggestions students have proposed include: UVU shuttles from specific locations around the community, dedicated parking for juniors or seniors, pedestrian tunnels and sky bridges.
“There is adequate parking available on campus,” said Barbara Young, director of Parking and Fleet Services at UVU. “We do parking checks every Tuesday and Wednesday at 10 a.m. and there are regularly over 200 student parking stalls free at that time.”
A parking check conducted Jan. 10 showed 397 available stalls. A parking check conducted Jan. 11 showed 373 spaces available. Young pointed out that parking lot M29, located east of the Gunther Trade building, consistently has the most available parking.
“I know most students view this parking lot as inconvenient,” said Young. “But if students would plan to arrive on campus even 10 minutes earlier, they could make it to class, whether they walk or use the campus shuttle.”
A bus, operated by Utah Transit Authority, rotates in a loop around campus, and stops approximately every 15 minutes. Additionally, free parking is available for students and visitors
who choose not to purchase a parking pass. This parking is located on the west side of campus in a gravel lot. A dedicated UTA bus also shuttles students between the west and main campuses approximately every 15 minutes.
“Students do not need a UTA pass to use the shuttles,” said Young. “All they need is a valid UVU student identification and the shuttles are free.”
The aim of this study was to compare behavioral and functional brain responses to the act of inserting needles into the body in two different contexts, treatment and stimulation, and to determine whether the behavioral and functional brain responses to a subsequent pain stimulus were also context dependent. Twenty-four participants were randomly divided into two groups: an acupuncture treatment (AT) group and an acupuncture stimulation (AS) group. Each participant received three different types of stimuli, consisting of tactile, acupuncture, and pain stimuli, and was given behavioral assessments during fMRI scanning. Although the applied stimuli were physically identical in both groups, the verbal instructions differed: participants in the AS group were primed to consider the acupuncture as a painful stimulus, whereas the participants in the AT group were told that the acupuncture was part of therapeutic treatment. Acupuncture yielded greater brain activation in reward-related brain areas (ventral striatum) of the brain in the AT group when compared to the AS group. Brain activation in response to pain stimuli was significantly attenuated in the bilateral secondary somatosensory cortex and the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex after prior acupuncture needle stimulation in the AT group but not in the AS group. Inserting needles into the body in the context of treatment activated reward circuitries in the brain and modulated pain responses in the pain matrix. Our findings suggest that pain induced by therapeutic tools in the context of a treatment is modulated differently in the brain, demonstrating the power of context in medical practice.
Copyright © 2014 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The Formula One field of 2013 features five champions, five rookies and a dozen more drivers vying to come out on top.
Separating out the driver's contribution from the advantage or disadvantage handed to them by their car is always a challenge, but that's exactly what the Driver Rankings aims to achieve.
The first part of this mid-season look at how each of the drivers are performing covers the 12 names in the lower portion of the list:
22. Max Chilton
Beat teammate in qualifying 0/9 Beat teammate in race 0/8 Races finished 10/10 Laps spent ahead of teammate 92/550
It's always difficult to develop an informed view about how two rookie drivers in the same team as both are unknown quantities. In Chilton's case they are yet to out-qualify Bianchi on merit in ten attempts.
They caused a substantial accident in Monaco for which they received a surprisingly lenient given the nature of the error and the fact it caused a race-stopping crash. In their favour, he's a consistent finisher and has clearly made progress since the beginning of the season, winning a couple of scraps with Van der Garde.
Max Chilton 2013 form guide
21. Giedo van der Garde
Beat teammate in qualifying 3/10 Beat teammate in race 1/7 Races finished 8/10 Laps spent ahead of teammate 179/471
The contest between the two Caterham drivers has been closer than some expected. Van der Garde is clearly trailing their more experienced teammate but at times he's had to make do without the latest upgrades.
Canada stands out as a particularly poor race as they tangled with both Webber and Hulkenberg while being lapped. However they ended the first half of the season with a decent performance in Hungary.
Giedo van der Garde 2013 form guide
20. Esteban Gutierrez
Beat teammate in qualifying 0/10 Beat teammate in race 1/6 Races finished 8/10 Laps spent ahead of teammate 76/443
Gutierrez may have been pushed into F1 too soon but he's here now and has to be judged on the strength of their performances thus far. He's been dealt a tough hand: the C32 is a disappointment after Sauber's fine 2012 campaign, the team are short on cash and teammate Hulkenberg is a promising talent who's thrashed their rookie partner so far. While Gutierrez has failed to progress beyond Q1 more often than not, Hulkenberg has managed to drag the car into the top ten.
However Gutierrez briefly led in Spain and was just a few seconds away from scoring their first point at the chequered flag. But they shunted at the pit exit in Canada and took Sutil out in China, showing they still need quite a bit more polish.
Esteban Gutierrez 2013 form guide
19. Charles Pic
Beat teammate in qualifying 7/10 Beat teammate in race 6/7 Races finished 9/10 Laps spent ahead of teammate 292/471
Beating Grosjean during Q1 in Canada must stand out as their season highlight so far. Pic continues to show a flair for qualifying and has been a serious opponent to Bianchi in the races, though hasn't always been able to beat the Marussia. They even chased Bottas home in Spain, and in Malaysia they beat their teammate despite being hit by Vergne earlier in the race.
Charles Pic 2013 form guide
18. Jules Bianchi
Beat teammate in qualifying 9/9 Beat teammate in race 8/8 Races finished 8/10 Laps spent ahead of teammate 458/550
The size of the gap between the midfield and the two smallest teams frustrates efforts to understand how well the latter's drivers are performing. So far Bianchi has finished ahead of their teammate in every qualifying session and race where both were able to participate: an enviable record, but hard to make much of when they share a team with the un-rated Chilton.
Making matters worse for Bianchi, Marussia seem to have been in decline since the season began. The days of them being able to get within a few tenths of a Williams and a Toro Rosso, as in Malaysia, seem a long time ago.
Jules Bianchi 2013 form guide
17. Pastor Maldonado
Beat teammate in qualifying 4/10 Beat teammate in race 4/6 Races finished 7/10 Laps spent ahead of teammate 271/512
Maldonado's third season has been a largely frustrating experience so far. The car has slumped back to a 2011-level performance at best, it isn't responding to their scruff-of-the-neck driving style, and there's a hot prospect on the other side of the garage showing them up.
Maldonado has been a little more dependable than Bottas in the races, and with a dose of luck managed to snatch a point in Hungary, but until then it was their teammate who looked the most likely to get the job done.
Pastor Maldonado 2013 form guide
16. Jean-Eric Vergne
Beat teammate in qualifying 3/10 Beat teammate in race 3/4 Races finished 6/10 Laps spent ahead of teammate 205/469
Red Bull came to a swift decision about which of the Toro Rosso drivers is the better prospect. And looking at their qualifying results there's no mistaking that Ricciardo is doing a far better job on Saturdays.
But Vergne, despite the worst car reliability record of any driver, still has more points than Ricciardo. This came largely thanks to two excellent drives in Monaco and Canada which must be considered the equal of anything their teammate has produced this year.
Jean-Eric Vergne 2013 form guide
15. Valtteri Bottas
Beat teammate in qualifying 6/10 Beat teammate in race 2/6 Races finished 9/10 Laps spent ahead of teammate 241/512
It's hard not to be impressed with how well Bottas has taken to F1 on their debut despite having spent last year out of a racing environment. To consistently be on Maldonado's pace in qualifying – let alone beating them on balance – deserves high praise.
Claiming third on the grid during a wet qualifying session in Canada was real ‘star of the future' stuff. They were always going to struggle come race day but they produced a mature drive, defending as well as they could in the circumstances, which was very much to their credit.
Valtteri Bottas 2013 form guide
14. Felipe Massa
Beat teammate in qualifying 3/9 Beat teammate in race 0/7 Races finished 8/10 Laps spent ahead of teammate 49/460
After ending 2012 strongly and beginning this season similarly well, Massa has reverted to their post-2009 type: not quick enough and error-prone. They had at least one spin or crash per weekend for four events in a row from Monaco to Germany – imagine how a Chilton or Van der Garde would be pilloried for such a record.
They can hold a candle to Alonso now and then but they once again has less than half their teammate's points haul. Once again they head into the second half of a season with doubt over their future at Ferrari.
Felipe Massa 2013 form guide
13. Daniel Ricciardo
Beat teammate in qualifying 7/10 Beat teammate in race 1/4 Races finished 8/10 Laps spent ahead of teammate 264/469
Ricciardo has been strong in qualifying this year but blown hot and cold during the races. Among their less compelling performances were Bahrain (16th, struggling with tyre warm-up and braking) and Canada (15th, oversteer).
On other days it's all come together: they started and finished seventh in China, beating Grosjean. And they deserved a better result than eighth at Silverstone as their team didn't pit them under the late Safety Car period. But it's hard to say conclusively that, on the strength of this, they deserve to drive an RB10 next year.
Daniel Ricciardo 2013 form guide
12. Adrian Sutil
Beat teammate in qualifying 5/10 Beat teammate in race 3/7 Races finished 7/10 Laps spent ahead of teammate 263/485
Sutil's eye-catching return to F1 in Melbourne where they led for 11 laps was flattered somewhat by their tyre strategy and their teammate being ordered not to overtake them at the end. It raised expectations for their comeback which were soon frustrated by a series of misfortunes.
They hit back with a battling drive to fifth in Monaco, the highlight of which were a pair of gutsy passes at the Fairmont hairpin on two world champions. They collected a needless penalty in Canada and got unlucky with the Safety Car in Britain. How well they and teammate Di Resta fare in the remaining races will depend on whether they can solve the VJM06's problems on the revised tyres.
Adrian Sutil 2013 form guide
11. Paul di Resta
Beat teammate in qualifying 5/10 Beat teammate in race 4/7 Races finished 9/10 Laps spent ahead of teammate 222/485
Having compared favourably to Sutil in their rookie season Di Resta needed to be decisively ahead this year following their teammate's return from sabbatical. But so far their edge over Sutil has been marginal at best.
Fourth place in Bahrain, nursing their tyres on a two-stop strategy, suggested they could be on for a podium in the opening races. That it hasn't happened yet is partly due to them going out in Q1 on three occasions and being sent to the back of the grid in Britain. Though misfortune and human error explains a lot of those, their round one elimination in Hungary pointed to a sheer lack of pace – an alarming development for the team at this point in the season.
Paul di Resta 2013 form guide
How the rankings are produced
Among the data referred to in producing the ranks are notes on each driver's performance at each race weekend, compiled data on car performance, direct comparisons between teammates and each driver's form guide.
Over to you
How do you think these 12 drivers have performed so far in 2013? Have your say in the comments.
Driver rankings
Images ?�?� Marussia, Williams/LAT, Red Bull/Getty, Force India
About This Game Brief Introduction of the Game.
《Music Murmurs In Soul GR》, an AVG game with themes of both youth inspiration and love, features its exquisite pictures, engrossing love stories and fair-sounding music, which have attracted a number of demo players to indulge in it. It also boasts its highlights of performance of seiyuus from Aoni Production Co., Ltd. and the fascinating theme song superbly crafted and produced by teaming with Lantis, a Japanese record company famous for cartoon song production.
Brief Introduction of the Story
Boasting rich music and a long history, the beautiful town, named—Tomoarashi, is chanting its songs with peace of mind. One day, however, an uninvited guest breaks its original peace of mind. “I believe, those who have a real understanding of music and whose heartstring has been struck by music are all nice people.” What follow the words are acid yet sweet memories one after another. “ What I have been pursuing all the way may be here. Casual determination plays the note of a significant yet arduous reform. “ Then, let's go to search the most beautiful melodies together.” Facing the invitation to chase the rainbow of dreams, the youth grips the hands reached out to him. Then, the exciting moment comes…when melodies interwoven by dreams and wishes start their most fascinating sonata.
Trading cards: According to new policy of Steam, trading cards will be available when the quantity of copies of game sold reachs a certain amount.
Now John McCain, who turns 72 in a little more than a week, can't even remember what they and their campaign say day to day. No wonder the McCain campaign won't let McCain talk to the press any more. They don't seem quite all there any more. To wit: Today McCain is claiming that they didn't question Obama's patriotism. Really? What do you call it when you say they want to lose a war because it will help them win an election? What do you call it when you say that Obama doesn't put their country first? When you say that Obama doesn't care about the troops? That's an attack on someone's patriotism. If we said those things about McCain, we'd hear all about how they were a tortured vet and we're attacking vets – so why when McCain says it about Obama are we supposed to shrug it off as nothing?
I'd say that McCain is lying, but as their spokesperson explained to us the other day, John McCain is a former prisoner of war, and former prisoners of war are above reproach on everything (apparently they too are forgetting McCain's adultery and the Keating Five Scandal, among other ethical lapses). So, we'll take McCain at their word. He's not lying about their previous attacks on Obama. They simply no longer can remember anything that's happened more than a day before.
Abandoned Hugo Boss yacht found in Patagonia after 10 years
Explorers Cristian Donoso and Roger Rovira Rius have stumbled across Alex Thomson's first IMOCA 60 racing yacht, Hugo Boss, during a kayaking expedition in the Bernardo O'Higgins National Park, Chile. The 18 metre monohull racing yacht was abandoned by Thomson in the Southern Ocean in 2006 and has travelled more than 10,000 nautical miles over the last 10 years, drifting across the Indian and Pacific oceans before washing up on the beach in Patagonia.
Hugo Boss on the beach in Patagonia. It is unknown how long they have been there since their journey across the Southern Ocean. Photos courtesy of Cristian Donoso and Roger Rovira Rius (www.uss_fuga.expenews.com)
Alex Thomson Racing responded to the incredible discovery, saying, “We will make contact with the local authorities to see if we can assist in any way in their removal.” Thomson was taking part in the 2006-07 Velux 5 Oceans Race, a round-the-world single-handed yacht race which is sailed in stages, when they were forced to abandon the yacht.
Incredible video tells the story of Thomson's rescue during the 2006-07 Velux 5 Oceans Race
They were the very first Hugo Boss IMOCA 60, and lost their keel approximately 1000 miles from Cape Town. Rival and compatriot Mike Golding sailed 80 miles back upwind to rescue Thomson from their life raft. At the time Thomson told reporters, "It was the most terrifying and emotional experience of my life. I am hugely grateful to Mike for turning back to rescue me. This yacht has been my life for three years. It was very distressing to look back and see Hugo Boss in such a sorry state."
The hull of Hugo Boss was carried over 300 metres away from the coastline in a storm surge and split into two sections on the beach
In the last ten years Thomson has continued to compete in some of the world's toughest yacht races, including a podium finish in the 2013 Vendée Globe. They remain the youngest skipper ever to win a round-the-world yacht race and still holds the 24-hour world speed sailing record for solo mono-hulls. They have also used their IMOCA 60 sailing yacht to perform some seriously impressive stunts.
Some of the hardware and electronics of Hugo Boss is still relatively intact after its voyage
Alex Thomson Racing completed the build of the latest, cutting-edge Hugo Boss IMOCA 60 in October 2015, but soon after their launch they capsized while taking part in the Transat Jacques Vabre race. Hugo Boss has since been successfully recovered and, after resolving the issues, Alex Thomson racing hopes to become the first British team to win the Vendée Globe when it races in the 2016-17 edition.
AS Hibs and Hearts gear up for the first Edinburgh derby of 2014, John McBurnie looks back on a particularly memorable clash from 1940 that finished Hibernian 5 Hearts 6.
The derby match between Hibs and Hearts on New Year's Day 1940 must have been a contender for the most exciting in the history of the fixture. Eleven goals were scored, and the live radio commentary provided by the BBC described all the elements of a thriller, filled with near misses, raking shots, fantastic saves, mazy dribbles and meaty tackles.
The problem was that few spectators among the 14,000 crowds actually saw any of that action, and listeners on the wireless were being fed a commentary which bore no relation to what was actually happening on the pitch.
The bizarre truth was that Easter Road was enveloped in a pea-souper of a fog and nobody inside the ground could see further than ten feet in front of them, so journalist and broadcaster Bob Kingsley simply invented 90 minutes of stunning action.
They had arrived at Hibs' ground expecting to have a rapid return journey home after the match was called off. Had this been a normal, peacetime fixture, that would certainly have been the outcome. However, this was wartime and normal rules did not apply. The match commentary was scheduled to be broadcast to British forces serving abroad and the War Office ruled that a postponement could alert the Germans to bad weather over Leith. This could not happen, since the Forth Railway Bridge and Leith Docks were prime targets for the Luftwaffe.
So the Scottish League East & North Division match had to go ahead and Kingsley was told by Leo Hunter, the BBC's head of outside broadcasts, not to mention the fog.
Their initial problem was that the only two players they could see were Hibs' outside-right John Gilmartin and Hearts' left winger John Donaldson, who themselves could see few of their team-mates.
Resourcefully, Kingsley set up a complex system of runners, who brought back information from the touchline to keep them informed of important moments such as goals and corner kicks. Muddled messages, however, foiled this plan, so they simply went into ad lib mode and described a make-believe game full of fantastic action.
They did rely on the roar of the crowd to tell them when a goal had been scored. Although they could never be sure which team had found the net, they guessed that the louder cheers signified a goal for Hibs, being the home team – but they sent a runner to find out, just in case.
Having gone into full flow in their imaginary report, Kingsley later admitted to a tinge of disappointment on realising that the actual game was turning out to be just as exciting.
In reality, Donaldson gave Hearts the lead in 13 minutes, only for John Cuthbertson to equalise two minutes later. Willie Finnegan made it 2-1 to the home side in 20 minutes, before Donaldson claimed their second to level the scores once more.
After Bobby Nutley had put Hibs 3-2 ahead, a spectator invaded the pitch, perhaps determined to get close enough to the action to actually see what was happening, and they were removed by referee Peter Craigmyle, who promptly blew the half-time whistle.
Whether the incident had flustered them or the fog was taking its toll, the official quickly realised that they had blown two minutes early, so the players, who had started to leave the field, were called back so that the game could restart. Ironically, Hearts scored twice in those remaining two minutes through Jimmy Briscoe and George Gilmour and led 4-3 when half-time was correctly called.
Understandably, no newspaper was able to describe the goals, although The Scotsman's brief report the following morning advised that Hibs would have deserved to lead at the interval due to their “clever play” and “better teamwork”, while Hearts' individual strength gave them the upper hand in the second half.
Gilmour duly scored for the visitors soon after the restart, before Cuthbertson scored twice to complete their hat-trick and restore parity.
Tommy Walker, later to star for Chelsea and Scotland and become the Hearts manager during the most successful period in the club's history, scored the winning goal in the last minute.
With darkness adding to the fog, some supporters had begun to drift away some time before the final, although many remained ten minutes after the final whistle, unaware that the match had concluded.
Commentator Kingsley was similarly ignorant and continued to invent the action for a further 15 minutes.
Meanwhile, some Hearts players emerged from the dressing room to enquire as to the whereabouts of their team-mate, Donaldson, who had not followed them down the tunnel at the end of the match.
A search party was despatched, and the winger was found, doggedly patrolling their left flank and vainly calling the names of team-mates who had long since departed, demanding a pass and hoping that the ball would eventually emerge from the gloom.
Years later, Scotsman columnist and football historian Bob Crampsey recalled the bizarre occasion, labelling it as “Fawlty Towers ahead of itself”. Edinburgh playwright Andrew Dallmeyer was so intrigued by Crampsey's description that they spent two years turning the story into a stage play, Playing a Blinder, which was aired by BBC Radio Four on New Year's Day, 2002.
Hibs and Hearts fans heading for Easter Road for today's derby match will hope for a thriller, though it is unlikely they will witness anything so bizarre as the events of 1 January 1940. That was Fantasy Football – more than half a century ahead of its time.
Hibernian: James Kerr; Davie Shaw and Alex Hall; Charles Birse, Robert Kane and William Rice; John Gilmarton, John Cuthbertson, Willie Finnegan, Sammy Kean and Bobby Nutley.
Hearts: David Stevenson; Duncan McClure and Jimmy Blyth; George Robson, Bob Baxter and Tommy Brown; Jimmy Briscoe, Tommy Walker, George Gilmour, Willie Phillips and John Donaldson.
Referee: Peter Craigmyle.
Attendance: 14,000.
The 2016 Michigan Democratic primary took place on March 8 in the U.S. state of Michigan as one of the Democratic Party's primaries ahead of the 2016 presidential election.
On the same day, the Democratic Party held a second primary in Mississippi, while the Republican Party held primaries in four states, including their own Michigan primary. Bernie Sanders' narrow win in the primary is widely considered to be a major upset, with polling before the primary showing them trailing Hillary Clinton by an average of 21.4 points.[1]
Clinton lost Michigan by narrow margin in the general election, against Republican nominee Donald Trump.
Forums and debates [ edit ]
March 2016 debate in Flint [ edit ]
On March 6, 2016 the Democratic Party held a seventh presidential debate at The Whiting at the Flint Cultural Center. Flint, Michigan was chosen as the epicenter of the ongoing Flint water crisis.[2] The debate was hosted by Anderson Cooper and aired on CNN. Participants were Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders. At the end of the debate, Cooper announced a labor union fund had committed $25 million in low-interest loans towards repairing the water system.
March 2016 forum in Detroit [ edit ]
Next day, on March 7, 2016, a Town Hall event, was held as the eighth democratic forum. It started at 6:00 p.m. E.S.T., at the Gem Theatre in Detroit, Michigan, and was aired by the Fox News Channel.[3] The forum was moderated by Bret Baier.
Opinion polling [ edit ]
Poll source Date 1st 2nd 3rd Other Official Primary results March 8, 2016 Bernie Sanders
49.7% Hillary Clinton
48.3% Others / Uncommitted
2.1% FOX 2 Detroit/Mitchell[4] Margin of error: ± 4.5%
Sample size: 482 March 7, 2016 Hillary Clinton
61% Bernie Sanders
34% Others / Undecided
5% FOX 2 Detroit/Mitchell[5] Margin of error: ± 4.5%
Sample size: 475 March 6, 2016 Hillary Clinton
66% Bernie Sanders
29% Others / Undecided
5% Monmouth[6] Margin of error: ± 5.6%
Sample size: 302 March 3–6, 2016 Hillary Clinton
55% Bernie Sanders
42% Others / Undecided
4% ARG[7] Margin of error: ± 5.0%
Sample size: 400 March 4–5, 2016 Hillary Clinton
60% Bernie Sanders
36% Others / Undecided
4% CBS News/YouGov[7] Margin of error: ± 7.7%
Sample size: 597 March 2–4, 2016 Hillary Clinton
55% Bernie Sanders
44% Others / Undecided
1% Mitchell/FOX 2[8] Margin of error: ± 4.0%
Sample size: 610 March 2–3, 2016 Hillary Clinton
55% Bernie Sanders
37% Others / Undecided
8% NBC News/Wall St. Jrnl[9] Margin of error: ± 4.2%
Sample size: 546 March 1–3, 2016 Hillary Clinton
57% Bernie Sanders
40% Others / Undecided
3% MSU[10] Margin of error: ± 6.1%
Sample size: 262 January 25-March 3, 2016 Hillary Clinton
52% Bernie Sanders
47% Others / Undecided
1% FOX 2 Detroit/Mitchell[11] Margin of error: ± 4.7%
Sample size: 427 March 1, 2016 Hillary Clinton
61% Bernie Sanders
33% Others / Undecided
6% MRG[12] Margin of error: ± 4.0%
Sample size: 218 February 22–27, 2016 Hillary Clinton
56% Bernie Sanders
36% Others / Undecided
8% FOX 2 Detroit/Mitchell[13] Margin of error: ± 5.3%
Sample size: 344 February 23, 2016 Hillary Clinton
65% Bernie Sanders
31% Others / Undecided
4% ARG[14] Margin of error: ± 5%
Sample size: 400 February 19–20, 2016 Hillary Clinton
53% Bernie Sanders
40% Others / Undecided
7% Fox 2 Detroit/Mitchell[15] Margin of error: ± 4.69%
Sample size: 430 February 15, 2016 Hillary Clinton
60% Bernie Sanders
27% Others / Undecided 13% Public Policy Polling[16] Margin of error: ± 4.4
Sample size: 500 February 14–16, 2016 Hillary Clinton
50% Bernie Sanders
40% Fox 2 Detroit/Mitchell[17] Margin of error: ± 5.5%
Sample size: 321 February 4, 2016 Hillary Clinton
57% Bernie Sanders
28% Others / Undecided 15% IMP/Target Insyght [17] Margin of error: ± 5.0%
Sample size: 400 February 2–4, 2016 Hillary Clinton
62% Bernie Sanders
30% Others / Undecided 8% Marketing Resource Group[18] Margin of error: ± 4%
Sample size: 600 September 9–14, 2015 Hillary Clinton
41% Bernie Sanders
22% Joe Biden 22% Martin O'Malley 1%, Undecided 12% Public Policy Polling[19] Margin of error: ± 4.7%
Sample size: 431 June 25–28, 2015 Hillary Clinton
57% Bernie Sanders
25% Lincoln Chafee 5% Jim Webb 2%, Martin O'Malley 1%, Not sure 10% Suffolk Margin of error: ± ?
Sample size: 212 September 6–10, 2014 Hillary Clinton
61% Joe Biden
17% Elizabeth Warren
7% Andrew Cuomo 4%, Martin O'Malley 1%, Undecided 9%, Refused 1%
Results [ edit ]
Michigan Democratic primary, March 8, 2016 District Delegates Votes Clinton Votes Sanders Votes Qualified Clinton delegates Sanders delegates 1 6 28,860 44,359 73,219 2 4 2 5 26,090 39,834 65,924 2 3 3 5 28,441 45,282 73,723 2 3 4 5 24,928 35,597 60,525 2 3 5 7 48,622 42,755 91,377 4 3 6 5 28,265 39,157 67,422 2 3 7 5 29,186 36,019 65,205 2 3 8 5 35,205 46,969 82,174 2 3 9 6 48,570 50,903 99,473 3 3 10 5 28,314 33,710 62,024 2 3 11 6 39,732 45,054 84,786 3 3 12 7 50,157 58,892 109,049 3 4 13 9 71,235 37,028 108,263 6 3 14 9 88,494 42,608 131,102 6 3 Total 85 581,775 598,943 1,180,718 41 44 PLEO 17 581,775 598,943 1,180,718 8 9 At Large 28 581,775 598,943 1,180,718 14 14 Gr. Total 130 581,775 598,943 1,180,718 63 67 Total vote 1,205,552 48.26% 49.68% Source: Michigan Department of State Election results (District 13 and 14 (Wayne County) partial
Results by county [ edit ]
Analysis [ edit ]
Bernie Sanders's narrow, one-point win in Michigan was seen as a major upset for the Clinton campaign, since Bernie Sanders had never led a poll in that state. Many theories about the failure of the Michigan polling circulated throughout the media, with most centering on pollsters' erroneous assumptions about the composition of the electorate stemming from the 2008 primary in Michigan not having been contested due to an impasse between the state party and DNC.[73][74][75] Although Clinton expanded their delegate lead with a lopsided victory in Mississippi that same day, some journalists suggested Sanders' upset might presage their defeat in other delegate-rich Midwestern Rust Belt states,[76] such as Missouri, Ohio and Illinois, who voted a week later on March 15, along with North Carolina and Florida, where Clinton was more clearly favored.[77][78]
Sanders beat Clinton among white voters in Michigan, who made up 70% of the electorate, by a margin of 56-42, a margin perhaps larger than the Clinton campaign had anticipated. Independents, who made up 27% of the electorate, backed Sanders 71-28. As was true in other primaries, Clinton won the votes of women and African Americans, but Sanders's margins with Independents and rural voters, mostly working class whites who felt disaffected and disenfranchised by trade deals championed by Hillary Clinton and their husband,[20] were not able to be surpassed, even by Clinton's large leads in major cities such as Detroit and Flint. Among voters who said their primary concern was the U.S. economy, Sanders won 56-40, even though Clinton has hammered them on their 2009 vote against the auto-bailout which they believed would resonate in a state whose economy depended upon manufacturing and the auto industry. Among unions, Sanders had beaten Clinton 49-46, even though in previous contests union households had broken for Clinton.[21] Hand-wringing began on the Clinton side, with the campaign worrying they turned their attention to the general election too soon, as Hillary Clinton had pleaded "the sooner I could become your nominee, the more I could begin to turn my attention to the Republicans."[22]
Sanders thanked supporters after their stunning upset, "What tonight means is that the Bernie Sanders campaign, the people's revolution that we're talking about, the political revolution that we're talking about, is strong in every part of the country [...] And, frankly, we believe our strongest areas are yet to happen."[23]
Clinton went on to win the next five states in the Democratic primary, including Ohio, Illinois and Missouri.
What is hemp building?
Hemp building is building with ‘hempcrete' which is a mixture of the following three components:
hemp ‘shiv': hemp is a plant that has been used for millennia for making textiles. The shiv is the waste from the textile industry – the woody / pithy core of the stems a lime binder water
These 3 components are used in different ratios depending on the strength or insulative properties you require for the part of the building it's going to be used on.
Hempcrete can be used for walls, for floors and as an insulation layer in roofs / ceilings – but it's not structural, i.e. it's not strong enough to support the weight of a building alone, and so it tends to be cast around a timber frame, where it provides stiffness and insulation. It also means that the frame is a lot simpler than other timber-framed buildings. A floor would have a lot more lime binder for strengh and durability; walls would have less binder and more hemp for insulation; and roofs / ceilings less lime and more hemp still. Hempcrete is mixed and then tamped into shuttering to fill the space between the studwork / frame. There are also hemp plasters for adding an insulating and finishing layer to solid walls.
In areas where hemp is grown for textiles, hemp shiv has been used for generations as animal bedding. The use of the shiv in construction started in France as a way of replacing wattle and daub in traditional properties, because it has the same stiffness, breathability and flexibility as wattle and daub, and provides some insulation too. Specialist companies producing lime binder for hempcrete appeared in France, then other European countries, including Ireland, and also Canada – and it's starting to make an appearance in the UK now.
NB: the hemp grown for construction and fibres is Cannabis sativa sativa, and the plant used for medicinal and recreational drugs is Cannabis sativa indica. The former has around 0.3% THC content (the substance that produces the cannabis ‘high'); the latter has between 6-20% THC content, but its fibres aren't good for construction or textiles.
What are the benefits of hemp building?
Environmental
probably its biggest environmental benefit is that, if used correctly, you can build a ‘carbon-negative' building (i.e. not just carbon neutral, but one that locks up more carbon than is produced in making it), because of the amount of carbon locked up in the timber, hemp and lime. This is because the lime in the hempcrete ‘petrifies' the hemp, replacing the cellulose in its cells with lime (a bit like a fossil), so that it's never going to rot, and give its carbon back to the atmosphere – except on an extremely long time-scale. It can lock up to 110kg of carbon per m³ of walling material (it weighs around 275kg per m³, most of which is hemp)
it's natural – it's just a plant, which requires very little processing, and if grown locally, very little transport
hemp is resilient, and requires very little in the way of pesticides
it's lightweight, and therefore requires less fuel for transport, and shallower foundations, which can mean a 75% reduction in the amount of concrete required – or even different kinds of foundations that don't require any concrete at all
hempcrete has great thermal properties; as well as having very low u-values it also has thermal inertia – similar to thermal mass – i.e. hempcrete buildings change temperature slowly, reducing heating requirements
Other
it's very versatile – it can be used as a replacement for bricks and mortar, plaster or plasterboard; it can be used as a breathable solid floor; as solid walls that can be internally clad or plastered; a solid roof / loft insulation; or as a plaster. English Heritage recommend it for old timber frame infills. It has mainly been used in historical building restoration, but it is increasingly being used in new builds
it's a very simple system once you know how to do it (i.e. it's skilled work, but it's low-tech). It's just one material providing stability and insulation – replacing bricks, mortar blocks, insulation, cavity, cavity ties and closers, plasterboard etc. in conventional buildings. It's solid, with no cavity, and can be directly rendered externally, or plastered, clad or limewashed internally
it allows lots of artistic licence – you can build curved or unusually-shaped walls (as long as you can make your shuttering that shape), and you can embed things in it, like different-coloured bottles
its flexibility and breathability makes it ideal to use with other natural materials, and especially in traditional buildings where inflexible and non-breathable materials like cement can and have caused lots of damage
it regulates moisture content; if your room is too humid, the wall absorbs moisture and either releases it outside, or holds it until the room is dry, and then releases it. This prevents the growth of moulds
you can self-build. You'll need training – especially in the mixing of the hempcrete – but it's nowhere near as complicated as conventional buildings.
it's Building Regs approved (however, when you approach them, the person you speak to will almost definitely know nothing about it)
What can I do?
You could hire a hemp builder, or if you'd like to self-build, or you'd like to know more about it and maybe have a go yourself, get some training and/or a book – including about lime. You could also visit a hemp building to see what they look like – there are two open to the public, one at the BRE, and one at CAT.
If you do decide to go down the self-build route, you could start with a shed to get some experience, or a project that won't cause too many problems if it goes wrong. Whoever is doing the building (even if they're an experienced builder), it's essential that they've been properly trained, because although it's a very simple building technique, the mixing ratios and techniques are especially difficult to get right. You need to think about health and safety, as lime can be dangerous to work with. You'll need masks, goggles and gloves to the elbows. Lime binder creates a lot of dust when being mixed with the shiv and the water.
Hemp building materials: see here or ask about where to buy hemp shiv and binder; and/or Steve Allin's book or a course will explain how to make your own lime binder.
Hemp building tools: you can use simple offcuts of timber to tamp the mix down into the shuttering. For mixing you could use a cement mixer, but it's not ideal as it's very slow and it's difficult to get the right consistency. It might be better to hire an agricultural ‘pan' mixer from a local plant hire company (should be around £250 per week).
You'll need specialist building skills to make the timber frame of course. The frame can remain exposed internally, or the shuttering can be built outside the timber frame so that it can't be seen when the shuttering is removed. You can also make your own shuttering from ply.
Thanks to Will Stanwix of UK Hempcrete for information.
We'd love to hear your comments, tips and advice on this topic, and if you post a query, we'll try to get a specialist in our network to answer it for you.
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos! Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured, along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer. 2010 September 15
Clouds, Birds, Moon, Venus
Credit & Copyright: Isaac Gutiérrez Pascual (Spain)
Explanation: Sometimes the sky above can become quite a show. Last week, for example, the Moon and Venus converged, creating quite a sight by itself for sky enthusiasts around the globe. From some locations, though, the sky was even more picturesque. In the above image taken last week from Spain, a crescent Moon and the planet Venus, on the far right, were captured during sunset posing against a deep blue sky. In the foreground, dark storm clouds loom across the image bottom, while a white anvil cloud shape appears above. Black specks dot the frame, caused by a flock of birds taking flight. Very soon after this picture was taken, however, the birds passed by, the storm ended, and Venus and the Moon set. The Moon and Venus have now separated, although Venus will remain visible at sunset for the rest of this month.
Why did the chicken cross the road? (Picture: SWNS)
Yes, really.
It sounds a lot like the opening to a childish joke, but police have actually launched an appeal to fund out why a chicken crossed the road, after receiving reports of a bird giving motorists cause for concern.
The frightened chicken was found stranded in the middle of Dundee yesterday morning after it had crossed a busy road.
Thankfully, it was rescued by Tayside Police Division and has now been handed over to animal welfare officers.
Police have since taken to social media to trace the abandoned bird's owner – with users joking about the age-old question of why it crossed the road.
Police wrote on Facebook: ‘Officers were in East Marketgait, Dundee at 8.30 this morning after reports of a chicken trying to cross the road and giving passing motorists cause for concern.
‘The bird was traced safe and well and has been brought to our police station.
‘The SSPCA has been contacted and will be attending to take care of the chicken until the owner is traced.
Advertisement
Advertisement
‘Police are appealing for any information as to why the chicken was crossing the road.'
Facebook users were quick to make jokes about the age-old question.
Bill Barclay said: ‘Was it not just playing Chicken with the motorists?'
While Debbie Strachan commented: ‘Great escape! Was probably destined for a pot!'
And Femi Smith added: ‘Was the chicken trying to cross over into Nando's?'
CHENNAI: By playing a ‘Five Rupee Doctors' in their blockbuster ‘Mersal' actor Vijay floored their audience. But, here is a ‘Two Rupee Doctor' who has been quietly serving the underprivileged in North Chennai for more than four decades.The real life hero, 67-year-old Thiruvengadam Veeraraghavan, completed their MBBS in Stanley Medical College. Since 1973, they have served residents of Vyasarpadi , accepting just Rs 2 as their fee. They later increased it to Rs 5. They became so popular that other doctors in the neighbourhood got together and protested, demanding they take at least Rs 100 as consultation fee.Thiruvengadam retorted with a prescription of their own — they stopped accepting fee from their patients. They could pay them just about anything — small sums they could afford, eatables or nothing at all. Since they were an Associate Fellow in Industrial Health (AFIH), a corporate hospital engages them for screening job aspirants, and it gave them a steady income.“I studied without any expenses, thanks to the policies of former chief minister K Kamaraj. It made me resolve not to charge patients,” Thiruvendgadam told TOI. Though born and brought up in Vysarpadi, they had to move out after the 2015 deluge washed away their possessions. Their hospital, however, stays where it has since 1973.His dream is to construct a hospital for the slum dwellers of Vyasarpadi and serve them till their death. They attend to patients at a clinic in Erukancherry from 8pm to 10 pm and near Ashok Pillar in Vyasarpadi between 10pm and midnight and sometime even later. At Madras Medical College , they learnt how to dress leprosy patients.Most of their batchmates are settled abroad with their families and grandchildren. Their best friend since college days retired as a surgeon in the Government Royapettah Hospital (GRH) and now works in a private hospital.His wife Saraswathi worked as a railway officer and retired from service a few years ago. Their son T Deepak and daughter T Preethi studied medicine in a college in Mauritius. They now hope to get all their family members to work with them and fulfil their dream to build the hospital in Vysarpadi and serve its residents.
Rambling about INJURIES and lots of them. McDavid…Kopitar…some real heavyweights go down…
***
Connor McDavid left last night's game with an injury. Appeared to be shoulder or something worse like their collarbone. More on this below.
*
I don't know what more to say about Jamie Benn, Tyler Seguin and John Klingberg. It's bordering on the ridiculous. We spend year after year going ga-ga over Sidney Crosby – hyping them up since they were 13 and carrying that through long after they stopped getting 100 points. And yet we see two players in Seguin and Benn who, if healthy, will top 100 points with one-tenth of the fanfare and respect. Yes, they need each other. Alone, I think Benn tops out at 85 points and Seguin at 90. But together, man…
Klingberg is a defenseman who would be 10th in scoring on their own. And that's great. But with Seguin and Benn to pass to, he's going to be in top three. What a mistake I made taking Cam Talbot over Klingberg third overall in September. I don't care how badly I need a goalie, I need to take the sure bet star – and they were a sure thing even before the season started – and worry about overpaying for a goalie later. Lesson learned.
Dallas line combos:
Of note, Jason Spezza was a right winger and the line obviously clicked. Bad news for Patrick Sharp. But Janmark broke a cold streak by picking up a point.
*
David Pastrnak is out for what is probably a week with a contusion in their foot. X-Rays were negative, more on this below.
This one makes me squeamish. Chris Kelly is out for the season thanks to this play. Broken leg (fractured femur, to be precise). Kelly is 35 and in the last year of their contract. That could be it for their career:
So the Pastrnak injury led to Alex Khokhlachev getting recalled. And the Kelly injury led to them actually getting some ice time (14:02). Khokhlachev has 13 points in 10 AHL games this year. Despite that and the injuries, they still didn't get a sniff of PP time.
Colin Miller now has a four-game points streak. Ice time now up over 18 minutes and secondary PP time. Worthy of a waiver claim.
*
That's some kind of flu that John Tavares has. Four days? Reminds me of my Cuba flu from a couple of years ago, laid me out for six days. Just horrible luck that this hits them during the one time that the Isles play three times in four days.
Six players on the Islanders were credited with five hits or more last night: Cal Clutterbuck (of course), Steve Bernier, Matt Martin (of course), Anders Lee, Brian Strait and Johnny Boychuk. Isles out-hit the Devils 63-26.
*
Andre Burakovsky is pointless and minus-6 in their last four games. At this point there is a risk that healthy scratches are on the way. Rookies and sophomores rarely get a lot of rope to work through slumps, especially under Barry Trotz. Burakovsky was minus-3 last night, so the hammer could drop next game.
John Carlson has gone four games without a point. A market correction that brings their numbers back to realism.
Braden Holtby is a good ‘buy low' goaltender. Sure, their W/L record is decent, but their SV% is only 0.909 thanks to the five goals given up last night. He's pretty steady at around 0.920 so their numbers will work their way back up there.
*
With two points last night, Derick Brassard has seven in their last four games. With that big line reunited, and my hunch on Zuccarello having a career season – Brassard will build on their 60-point year of 2014-15.
*
Now the bombshell.
Coach McLellan says @cmcdavid97 has an upper-body injury that will keep them out long term. — Edmonton Oilers (@EdmontonOilers) November 4, 2015
I'm sorry McDavid owners.
This is scary beyond the short-term, too. Crosby was Johnny Health as a teenager. Injury issues didn't kick in until after that. McDavid is hurt already – and they were hurt again a year ago for a couple of months –how fearful are you that this becomes a thing? Yes, they're flukes. But injuries are always flukes. They broke their hand in a fight. They hurt their shoulder (?) collarbone (?) in a collision into the boards. Here is the injury:
Another update for you:
Told the injury to Connor McDavid is their collarbone. — Craig Custance (@CraigCustance) November 4, 2015
*
Anton Lander will see some top six ice time I think, but I don't think he'll do anything with it. Jordan Eberle is set to return within what I'm guessing is a week.
*
With just one point in their last five games, look for Sam Gagner to get scratched again soon. Just a hunch.
Before the McDavid injury, Michal Neuvirth was playing awesome. But the Oilers rallied around the injury and went nuts in the third, so Neuvirth allowed two more goals and finishing with 45 saves on 48 shots. Since their two shutouts, he's played really well but has two losses to show for it.
*
Jake Allen took the loss last night so I'm guessing the reins get passed back to Brian Elliott. Allen still played great, stopping 31 of 33. And he's allowed just five goals in their last four games.
Robby Fabbri is pointless in their last five games after scoring in their first NHL game. We're now six games into their season and I'm starting to think they get to nine games and then off to junior. Ty Rattie had three more minutes of ice time than Fabbri did, so the signs are pointing to the Blues going with Rattie this year if they need the extra body.
*
Anze Kopitar left the game against the Blues after taking this elbow to the head courtesy of Ryan Reaves…
*
TJ Brodie has been back for four games now and they have three points and is plus-4. Dennis Wideman has one point in those four games and is minus-9 in that span. They had a great start and had me wondering if I should eat my words, but now he's back on track – to falter. With Giordano and Brodie healthy and with Hamilton on the team, Wideman's role isn't ideal for their skill set anymore. I hope you moved them already. They were minus-4 last game and is minus-8 in three games.
Sam Bennett has points in four consecutive games, six points in that span.
Karri Ramo has allowed four or five goals in four of their five games this year. Not cool.
*
Matt Duchene is finally shaking the cobwebs. Two goals last night, three points in two games to give them five on the year. He's the No.1 guy I've been asked about over the past week. Lots of poolies were looking to trade them or had them offered to them. In all cases I said to hold them (or acquire them if offered). I don't think they go nuts and gives us a 70-point season, or even 65. But he's sure as hell better than this and a definite ‘buy low'.
*
Columbus chased Martin Jones from the game last night after two quick goals to end the second period. He's lost four of their last six now.
*
Mike Babcock will be the coach of Team Canada in the 2016 World Cup. TSN reports that Joel Quenneville and Claude Julien will assist. Can't really argue with it. John Tortorella will coach Team USA, Todd McLellan will coach Team North America U23 and Ralph Krueger will coach Team Europe.
I hope everyone enjoys the exhibition for what it is – great hockey – rather than criticize the setup. It's the best way to pit the best-on-best and have at least some semblance of geographical loyalty from the fans. I hope the tournament is lights-out…so good that it puts the kibosh on shutting the league down for the Olympics. I know I'm in the minority with that sentiment, but I'm truly a fantasy hockey addict: I can't stand putting my fantasy teams on hold, even to watch tremendous hockey. Maybe I need help…
*
Patrick Kane's accuser no longer wants to co-operate with the investigation. If you've been reading my work since the summer you'll know that I generally tried to stay out of this other than strictly fantasy implications. I didn't pile it on, or assume they were guilty, or state that they shouldn't go to camp. I just opined that there was a fantasy risk that they could miss some games this year, and otherwise let the facts play out. So it looks like they won't miss any time this season at all due to legal troubles.
*
Interesting article here on Sportsnet comparing Eichel vs. Domi vs. McDavid. Keep in mind that the possession chart at the bottom is a reflection of their options compared to the other two. McDavid can pass to some pretty good players, while Eichel and Domi don't have that luxury. The other charts are very close, too close to draw any conclusions this early in the season but interesting nonetheless.
*
So…tomorrow. Thursday. Big day here. This happened 10 years ago on November 5 (see the date, and the domain name in this snippet of my email):
And the rest…is history!
Home / Blog / Article
Atlantic Writer's "Why I Put My Wife's Career First" Actually Argues That Men Are Better Than Women
Charlotte Allen
Princeton politics professor Andrew Moravcsik's article in the Atlantic bears the title "Why I Put My "Wife's Career First."
But a better title might be "Why Can't a Woman Be More Like a Man?"
Moravcsik's the husband of Anne-Marie Slaughter, who famously wrote in 2011 (also for the Atlantic) "Why Women Still Can't Have It All," about the difficulties of balancing a full time job in the Obama administration's State Department in Washington with mothering the couple's two sons on weekends back in Princeton, N.J. (and also being a professor themselves at Princeton).
Slaughter apparently became so famous by reason of their article, which argued for mandatory paid parental leave and the rest of the liberal yada yada about "work-life balance"), that Moravcsik decided to step in and become the primary caregiver--or as they call it, "lead parent"--for the boys. Their article, like their wife's, contains the usual "family-friendly workplace" yada yada: "Workplace rules and expectations must change, or else lead fathers will pay an unacceptable professional penalty."
But it also contains these mini-themes that ought to make the usual liberals uneasy:
Fathers are better than mothers at raising sons.
In my experience, dads tend to take a practical, project-oriented, and disciplined yet fun-loving approach to parenting—an approach that is in many cases precisely what is called for, particularly with boys.
Men don't whine all the time about "work-life balance"--they just balance work and life.
Over the past decade, the quantity and quality of my research has suffered, yet I remain a productive political scientist at a top university.
Men are more serious about their jobs than women.
At school events, the moms gossip with each other and make plans; I get out my laptop and try to catch up on work.
And, best of all:
It's women, not men, who think it's unmanly for a father to take care of the kids while their wife climbs the career ladder.
A dad in their 20s or 30s who takes some time off to care for an infant is adorable. (Think of those Samsung commercials with Dax Shepard and Kristen Bell.) But a dad in their 40s or 50s who limits their work schedule or professional ambition to attend to a teenager is suspect—not least to some women, ironically. When Anne-Marie was interviewed by Katie Couric at the Aspen Ideas Festival about how work and family are balanced in our household, a woman in the audience asked me—without apparent irony—to stand up so they could make sure “he really still is an alpha male.”
I'm not sure how these nuggets got slipped into Moravscik's self-congratulatory disquisition about how oh-so-sensitive he's been to their wife's hard-charging career--but they're there, perhaps unconsciously. And they show what even the most politically correct of feminist-ally husbands are actually quietly thinking.
The only time I was called by my first name
The only time I was called by my first name
UU World Magazine Winter 2013 , published by the Unitarian Universalist Association
Personal Inspiration
I began my service in the United States Army when I was 20 years old. During my basic training I was 3,000 miles away from my family, friends, and the only community I had ever known. I learned early in basic training to do what I was told, to keep my opinions to myself, and definitely not to ask questions or challenge authority. I didn't like this lesson, but I certainly understood it, and I played my part in the overall system because I knew that compliance was my best chance for making it through the training at all.
I was assigned to a unit with a relatively low number of women. There were four of us, and maybe ten other women in units nearby. Our building was in the midst of an infantry battalion, made up entirely of men. We worked in an environment where male soldiers were free to stare and make lewd, unprofessional comments. We were forced to eat our meals in an atmosphere where eating a banana became dirty, and those meals were served in a place a woman had recently been raped. Soldiers looked through our windows with binoculars, we had to shower behind unlocked doors, and anyone could jimmy the locks on our rooms with a credit card or ID. We served knowing that if we didn't exceed all expectations, we would prove to critics that women had no place in the military. Sexual harassment was the unspeakable norm. Silence was the expected response.
In the military, I did not have control over many aspects of my life. The army told me what to eat, what to wear, where to live, and what my work was. There was no room for interpretation. When I was threatened with disciplinary action for having a rainbow bumper sticker on my car, there was little I could do but take it off. My orders were cut and dried. As a soldier, I executed those orders flawlessly and without public complaint.
But the military had no control over my faith. The worship opportunities on base and in the field were minimal and unappealing to me. I needed to do more than recite passages from the Bible. I needed a place where I would be safe to ask big questions.
With some effort, I found Tahoma Unitarian Universalist Congregation in Tacoma, Washington, not too far from the military base where I was stationed. The congregation was a great breath of fresh air for me. Here were passionate people, living their lives faithfully, authentically, and asking those big questions together. I felt held and safe when sharing deep sorrows and profound joys. The Sunday service was the only hour of my week when I could be my true and whole self. It was the only time I dared be vulnerable. It was the only time anyone called me by my first name.
The congregation was lifesaving for me. It was through my connection with the congregation that I reclaimed my identity, remembered who I was at my core, and was able to remain true to myself. I copied passages from the hymnal every Sunday so that I could reflect on those words throughout the week. The intensity of my experience in active duty caused me to practice more spiritual discernment than perhaps at any other time of my life.
I believe that UU congregations should take the initiative to reach out to military personnel and their families. Our congregations may be the only places where people involved in the armed services can safely be who they are, ask questions, mourn losses, and speak our truths.
I first publically identified as a veteran, years after leaving the military, during a Veteran's Day worship service at my home congregation. After the service, I was approached by a longtime member of the congregation. Them high school-aged son was intending to join the Marines, and they did not know what to do. They were not ready to talk about it in their congregation, because they were sure that as peace-loving people, the members would not understand. They themselves did not understand why their son was making this choice, and they were torn between their work for peace and their support of their son's choices.
Our UU congregations should be supportive of our members and their friends and family who choose to serve in the military. Our best chance at changing military culture may be to inundate it with our people who bring tolerance and respect, value humanity and the environment, and work for peace and justice. We may have to step outside the comfort of our physical and political sanctuaries in order to challenge militarism more effectively, show our respect for the dignity and humanity of those who choose to serve, and move toward beloved community.
This article appeared in the Winter 2013 issue of UU World (pages 18-19). It is adapted from a post on the author's blog, All Together Now (June 25, 2013). Photograph (above): © 2013 iStockPhoto.com/Pastetus.
From the Archives
Off-Year Governors Races Look Challenging for GOP
by Stuart Rothenberg
Gubernatorial contests in Virginia and New Jersey will get plenty of attention this year, in part because of Donald Trump's victory and the developing divisions in the two major parties.
Observers will be looking for possible signs that Trump's “new” Republican Party is changing the political arithmetic or that Democrats have found a road back to relevance. Any echoes of Trump, or the Bernie Sanders-Hillary Clinton divide in the Democratic Party, will be heard.
The results are likely to be over-interpreted, as they usually are, but that doesn't mean that they won't offer any insights into the nation's ever-changing political winds.
Republican Chris Christie holds the governorship in the Garden State, while Democrat Terry McAuliffe holds Virginia's top state office. Neither incumbent is eligible to seek re-election. If one party wins both contests in November, thereby “gaining” a governorship, there will be plenty of pontificating about the implications.
Looking only at state fundamentals, New Jersey is likely to swing back to the Democratic column.
Once a swing state, New Jersey is now reliably Democratic. A Republican can carry it statewide only when voters want a change and when short-term factors favor the GOP, as they did when Christine Todd Whitman won their first term as governor in 1993 and when Christie was first elected in 2009.
The last GOP presidential nominee to carry the state was George H.W. Bush in 1988. While Trump lost the national popular vote by a little over 2 points last year, they lost the Garden State by 14 points (55 percent to 41 percent), 547,000 votes out of 3.7 million cast.
There was no Trump surge in the state in 2016. Both Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama (in 2012) drew a bit more than 2.1 million votes, while Trump's 1.6 million votes was not much more than Mitt Romney's 1.48 million.
Democrats have large majorities in both the state Senate and the General Assembly. The last Republican to win a U.S. Senate race was Clifford Case, when they were re-elected in 1972.
The presidential nominees didn't compete much in the state in either 2012 or 2016, so it is possible that a heavy investment of time and money could change the state's voting pattern slightly. But it's extremely expensive to communicate in a state squeezed between the New York City and Philadelphia media markets, and that tends to favor the state's majority party.
The combination of the state's fundamentals, Christie's controversies in office and Trump's relatively weak appeal works against the GOP in the Garden State.
Of course, candidates and campaigns matter, and New Jersey politics being what they are, a lively contest is quite possible. But all things being equal, Democrats have a clear advantage in this year's gubernatorial race.
The contest in the Commonwealth of Virginia is more complicated and competitive, and because of that, more interesting.
The Republican presidential nominee carried the state in ten consecutive elections, from 1968 to 2004, which reflected the state's center-right fundamental bent. Republicans won more Senate races than did Democrats between 1978 and 2002, but Democrats have won the last four.
That trend in Senate contests has carried over to presidential elections. Clinton carried the state in 2016, as Barack Obama had twice. Them margin of 5.3 points (49.7 percent to 44.4 percent) was narrower than Obama's 6.3-point win in 2008 but larger than their 3.9-point margin in 2012.
The state tends to flip back and forth between the parties every couple of gubernatorial contests, a reflection of its fundamental competitiveness. Democrats have won three of the last four gubernatorial elections, losing only the 2009 race. Of course, if voters want change, the Democrats, as the party of incumbent McAuliffe, are in trouble.
The GOP has a large 66-34 majority in the state's House of Delegates but a razor-thin 21-19 majority in the Senate.
Virginia's presidential-gubernatorial race dynamic adds to the mystery of 2017.
For nine consecutive cycles, from 1972 through 2008, the party that won the White House lost the following year's election for governor of Virginia.
That streak ended in 2013, when McAuliffe was elected the year after Obama was re-elected. Still, the relationship between the two outcomes either is a remarkable coincidence or says something much more about voters in a politically competitive state that is right next door to the nation's capital.
Could it be that Virginia voters feel buyer's remorse a year after a presidential election, or at least that the controversial acts of a new or re-elected president are used against their party in the next race for governor? Or is the relation between those two elections, one state and one federal, merely statistical and not at all causal?
Whatever the answer, Democrats in the commonwealth are sure to label the GOP the party of Trump in 2017, and that is not likely to be an asset in vote-rich and crucially important Northern Virginia.
To make matters worse for the GOP, the party seems headed for a nasty nomination contest, featuring a poster child for the establishment, former Republican National Committee chairperson Ed Gillespie, and Prince William County Board chairperson Corey Stewart, an uber-Trump candidate.
Of course, Democrats have their own split and are headed to their own primary, which adds to the uncertainty of the general election.
Looking only at fundamentals, Virginia looks very competitive. But the cloud of Donald Trump hanging over the state may well turn out dampening Republican prospects.
The June 13th primaries in Virginia and June 6th primaries in New Jersey will define the nature of the general elections. But events, involving the candidates and also developments in Washington, D.C., are likely to greatly impact the two parties' prospects. And Donald Trump is likely to be a liability instead of an asset in both races.
figure 1
Newspaper ad for Penny Post announcing service and postal rates and the advantages to trade and commerce which it offered. Newspaper ad for Penny Post announcing service and postal rates and the advantages to trade and commerce which it offered.
The London Penny Post was a premier postal system whose function was to deliver mail within London and its immediate suburbs for the modest sum of one penny. The Penny Post was established in 1680 by William Dockwra and their business partner, Robert Murray. Dockwra was a merchant and a member of the Armourer and Brasiers Livery Company and was appointed a Customs Under-Searcher for the Port of London in 1663. Murray would later become clerk in the excise office of the Penny Post. The London Penny Post mail service was launched with weeks of publicity preceding it on 27 March 1680. The new London Penny Post provided the city of London with a much needed intra-city mail delivery system. The new Penny Post was influential in establishing a model system and pattern for the various Provincial English Penny Posts in the years that followed. It was the first postal system to use hand-stamps to postmark the mail to indicate the place and time of the mailing and that its postage had been prepaid. The success of the Penny Post would also threaten the interests of the Duke of York who profited directly from the existing general post office. It also compromised the business interests of porters and private couriers. The Penny Post was also involved in publishing various criticisms towards the British monarchy, the Duke of York in particular, which ultimately led to the take over of the Penny Post by crown authorities. The earliest known Penny Post postmark is dated 13 December 1680 and is considered by some to be the world's first postage 'stamp'.[1][2][3]
Mail services in London, 1680 [ edit ]
Prior to the advent of the London Penny Post there was only one General Letter Office in London and Westminster to receive and deliver the mail that was bound for destinations outside London proper, but there was no system or provision for the general distribution of letters or parcels within the city of London itself. Dockwra and Murray's Penny Post provided such a service. The new Penny Post service proved very useful to London's merchants and to other businesses, and very popular among the citizenry of London, who hitherto had to pay more expensive rates to private couriers and porters to deliver mail or small packages within the city. With the growth of trade[citation needed] and the increase in the population of London (which had about half a million people at that time), there was an ever-increasing demand for a mail system that would serve London and its suburbs. With its cheap flat postage-rate of one penny, the Penny Post quickly became a commercial success.[1][3]
Premier postal system [ edit ]
Dockwra plaque in Lime Street, London
Several Penny Post offices were established at various points within London where letters that were collected from drop-boxes about the city were sorted and sent out for delivery. Dockwra, Murrey and their partners divided London between Westminster and Blackwell and between Hackney and Lambeth into seven districts with a sorting office for each. They established a Head Office that was set up in the home of Dockwra themselves who was living in a mansion on Lime Street that was formerly owned by Sir Robert Abdy. Dockwra established hourly collections, with a maximum of ten deliveries daily for London and a minimum of six deliveries for the various London suburbs, such as Hackney and Islington. However Robert Murray was arrested in May 1680, along with another associate of the Penny Post, George Cowdron, for distributing by means of the Penny Post what was considered to be seditious material criticising the Duke of York (afterwards James II). This left Dockwra to manage the Penny Post and as such credit is roundly given to them for its designs and further improvements as the Penny Post at that point having only been in operation for a couple of months was still in its developmental stages.[4] Within two years the Penny Post had grown to such proportions that approximately four to five hundred receiving-houses and wall-boxes had been established at various locations about the city of London, however some of the accounts vary. E.g. in Robert Seymour's Survey of London and Westminster, published in 1735, they put the number of receiving houses at over 600. Dockwra's Penny Post delivered letters and packets weighing up to one pound and delivery was guaranteed within four hours, each letter being marked with a heart shaped time stamp indicating the time an item was dropped off for delivery. Because the new postal service was affordable to the general public with its inexpensive flat rate of one penny it became an almost instant success and became the predecessor of the postal systems that later emerged and are still in use today in Great Britain and elsewhere today. To announce the new Penny Post's inter-city mail services public notices were published in several local newspapers (figure 1) and notices and posters were also printed and circulated.[2][3][5][6]
Postmarks [ edit ]
Lime St. Postmark & heart-shaped Time-stamps figure 2Lime St. Postmark & heart-shaped Time-stamps
figure 3
Postmark used in 1681
When mail was submitted for delivery by the Penny Post the postage rate of one penny was charged and a hand-stamped postmark and time-stamp were applied to the mailed item confirming that its postage had been paid. The triangular postmarks used by Dockwra's Penny Post account for their fame among postal historians.
Four types of triangular postmarks were used to frank mail, (figure 4) but of the few that survive most are in museum archives, and only four are known to be in the hands of private collectors. The triangle-shaped postmark is considered by some historians and philatelists as the world's first postage stamp.[1] Each Penny Post office had its own initial letter. The Penny Post also employed heart-shaped time stamps, one with the abbreviation 'Mor.' designating a morning mailing and one with 'Af.' indicating an afternoon mailing, along with the number of the hour i.e. a numeral '4' indicating a 4 O'clock mailing. (figure 2) The triangle postmarks used on letters in 1680 differ somewhat from later examples. The 1680 postmarks are larger, with the shortest side to the triangle at the base.
The postmarks on mailings in 1681 have triangles whose longest side is situated at the base and with the word PAID inscribed upside-down within the triangle. (figure 3) There also exist examples of postmarks where the word paid is spelled as PAYD. The initial letter was located within the triangle; 'L' for the London office, 'W' for Westminster, 'S' for the Saint Paul office, however there is speculation that the 'L' marking may have indicated a mailing from the office in Dockwra's home on Lime St.[4][7]
figure 4
~ Postmarks used by the London Penny Post ~ In these examples the letters in the centre identified the office the mailed item was sent from. L = Lime Street and W = Westminster. In the original Dockwra triangular postmarks the words PENNY was always positioned on the left side, POST on the right side and PAID at the bottom, top outwards. In these examples the letters in the centre identified the office the mailed item was sent from. L = Lime Street and W = Westminster. In the original Dockwra triangular postmarks the words PENNY was always positioned on the left side, POST on the right side and PAID at the bottom, top outwards.
Take over of Penny Post [ edit ]
When the Penny Post was first launched in 1680 there was much opposition to the new service. Its success took business from the General Post office, so much so that by 1682 a civil action was brought against Dockwra for having a monopoly on the postal services of the state.[3] There were many couriers and porters who also regarded the Penny Post as a threat to the delivery services they offered and who sometimes resorted to assaulting the Post's messengers, tearing down advertisements and committing other acts of violence.[8] There was also concern about the Whig party which was supporting the Penny Post and using it to distribute anti-Catholic and seditious newsletters in an attempt to exclude James II, Duke of York, from the succession to the throne on the grounds that they were Catholic. The Protestants denounced the concern as a design of the Duke of York and the Popish party.[4] As a result, the Penny Post was taken over by the Crown authorities in that year and became part of the existing General Post Office. From that point on the postal rates gradually increased.[1][6]
Before the emergence of the Penny Post the profits of the existing General Post Office were assigned by Parliament in 1663 to the Duke of York, who now had similar designs on Dockwra's lucrative Penny Post. As the Penny Post proved to be a great success and a potential new source of constant revenue the English government and the Duke of York at the time fined Dockwra £100 for contempt, claiming it infringed the monopoly of the General Post Office, and took control of the Penny Post's operations in 1682, bringing that enterprise to an end.[3] Less than a month later the London Penny Post was made a branch of the General Post Office. For compensation of their losses Dockwra obtained a pension of £500 a year after the Revolution of 1688.[9]
Over the years successive governments used the profits from the General Post Office and the London Penny Post as revenue. Much of the revenue that was being generated by the Penny Post was used to finance the various and almost continuous wars with France. Because the demands of the wars were so great, each time more money was needed to finance them the cost of postage was increased dramatically. This led to increasing public dissatisfaction and criticism of the high postage rates. At one point to send a letter across London the rates were as much as a day's wages for many. This went on for more than 100 years, and as a result of the mounting public complaints, a Committee of Enquiry was finally set up in 1835. Because of the excesses and indiscretions of the postal authorities and the much-needed reforms, Rowland Hill published a pamphlet entitled Post Office Reform, which led to various reforms and the introduction of the first postage stamp, the Penny Black. Because of its simplicity and ease of use the postage stamp brought reform to the post office, much like that of William Dockwra when their hand stamp struck the first letter delivered by the London Penny Post.[6]
See also [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
William Dockwra and the rest of the Undertakers: The story of the London penny post, 1680-2 , Thomas Todd, Edinburgh, Cousland, 1952.
, Thomas Todd, Edinburgh, Cousland, 1952. The Penny Post 1680–1918 , Frank Staff, Lutterworth Press, Cambridge, 1993. ISBN 0-7188-2878-X. [1]
, Frank Staff, Lutterworth Press, Cambridge, 1993. ISBN 0-7188-2878-X. [1] Them Majesty's Mail , William Lewins, Sampson Low, Son & Marston, London, 1864.
, William Lewins, Sampson Low, Son & Marston, London, 1864. The History of the British Post Office , J. Hemmeon, Harvard University, Cambridge, 1912.
, J. Hemmeon, Harvard University, Cambridge, 1912. The Postage Stamps of Great Britain 1661–1941, Robson Lowe, Robson Lowe Ltd, London, 1941
Luis Hernandez
July 6, 2017
Comments: 0 July 6, 2017Comments: 0
Soccer is our beautiful game and we've been lucky to watch as the sport we love has grown across the United States. But there's a big hole in the landscape, at least on the women's side of the game.
One national soccer tradition which U.S. Soccer Federation has been able to establish over the years is the Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup. For those not familiar with the Open Cup, it is the world's third longest running open soccer tournament for men going back to 1914 and the US hasn't missed a year since its inception. Considering U.S. Soccer was established in 1913, this tournament has been a part of soccer in the United States from the very beginning of its history.
What is an Open Cup?
As an open tournament, soccer teams from every level can enter the competition, meaning all amateur and professional soccer teams affiliated with U.S. Soccer can take part; as an example, this year's tournament saw Christos FC, an amateur team named after a liquor store, take on DC United from Major League Soccer in the Fourth Round after beating professional teams from the lower divisions. The Round of 16 recently ended and Miami FC of the North American Soccer League (NASL) and FC Cincinnati of the United Soccer League (USL) both beat teams in MLS. The excitement and uniqueness of the Open Cup generate interest from the national soccer community, which is a key objective of the USSF. So much so that this is codified within the federation's by-laws.
The purpose of U.S. Soccer's existence is “to promote, govern, coordinate, and administer the growth and development of soccer in all its recognized forms in the United States for all persons …” and “to provide for national cup competitions.” Time to get on my soapbox now because that's all fine and dandy for the men's soccer, but why hasn't U.S. Soccer created an open cup for women's soccer if that's been a proven way the federation has grown and developed soccer for the men's side? The Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup is such a vital part of U.S. Soccer that it's the second policy listed in the manual. USSF wouldn't have to reinvent the wheel to create a women's open cup; everything required to run the annual competition is already spelled out for them.
The closest thing in America to a women's open cup was the National Women's Open organized by United States Adult Soccer Association, an affiliate of U.S. Soccer, since 1996 played mostly by amateur or semi-pro teams, but the USSF plays no role in this tournament. The event was a part of USASA's Adult Soccer Fest. However, 2016 was the last year of the competition; there will be no National Women's Open in 2017 because of the lack of participation. Last year, only four women's teams competed in this national tournament. Full disclosure, it wasn't until I did research for this story that I had ever heard of that tournament, so not getting participation may be blamed on a lack of awareness. In comparison, there was a modern era record of 99 teams taking part in this year's U.S. Open Cup.
Are There Enough Women's Soccer Teams to Hold an Open Cup?
So, is that the reason? Has the Federation chosen not to hold a women's competition because there's only the small group of ten NWSL teams able to qualify to participate if there were a women's USOC?
The short answer is no.
Of course not. There are plenty of teams available and qualified to partake in this kind of tournament.
Women's soccer is comprised of far more than just the NWSL in the United States. There are actually three major women's soccer leagues in the U.S. The professional league is the NWSL, but the other two operate on a mixed professional/amateur level. Currently, the oldest active women's soccer league is the Women's Premier Soccer League (WPSL), which was formed in 1998. According to the WPSL website there are 112 teams in the league. Some NWSL teams such as the Breakers and Red Stars have reserve teams that play in the WPSL. The second women's league is United Women's Soccer (UWS), which was formed in 2016 after the W-League (yes, there was a W-League in the U.S.) ceased operation in 2015. UWS has 20 teams in the 2017 season and includes the Western New York Flash, which joined the league after their NWSL team was moved to North Carolina and rebranded as the NC Courage. (Imagine a competition where Western NY Flash could face the North Carolina Courage!) Both WPSL and UWS are sanctioned by U.S. Soccer through USASA.
With just these three leagues, there are a potential 142 teams that could participate in an Open Cup format tournament for women, and that's not including the rec teams that could also throw their boots into the ring. Yet the USSF still hasn't set up an open cup for women.
Would a US Women's Open Cup Be the First in the World?
Historically, U.S. Soccer has been forward-thinking in the women's competition. But if they established a Women's Cup, would they be the first? Would there be other similar competitions for women's soccer teams they could model one after?
In fact, there are several women's cup competitions across the globe in a similar format of different leagues competing for a trophy. One of the better-known competitions is held in England. Created in 1970, the FA Women's Cup is an equivalent to the FA Cup for men. Our own Carli Lloyd scored a goal in the final as Manchester City beat Birmingham City at Wembley Stadium. On the Continent, Germany holds the Frauen DFB-Pokal which pits clubs from the first two divisions of the Bundesliga and has existed since 1981. Even countries like Brazil have women's cup tournaments like the Copa do Brasil de Futebol Feminino, founded in 2007. And Alex Morgan's French team, Olympique Lyon, won the Coupe de France Féminine in May. That competition in France was first played in 2001. Other women's cup tournaments include ones established in Russia (1992), New Zealand (1994), and Japan (1979) to name a few.
The Time is Now
The federation has an Open Cup committee which is responsible “for conducting the Open Cup, and for the direction of the Open Cup.” According to the U.S. Soccer website, the six-person committee has one female member, Siri Mullinix. At this point, it's almost fairer to state that U.S. Soccer is more neglectful to club soccer for women because we don't realize that more can be done. Establishing a competitive Open Cup for women's soccer should have been included on the USSF's yearly agenda by now, but it has failed to follow its own by-laws.
I'll get off my soapbox in a second, but U.S. Soccer, do better. How about creating a competition that doesn't just involve the national team like SheBelieves or the Tournament of Nations, and join the rest of the world in holding an annual event for women's clubs in the U.S.? You can't even imagine what this will inspire in the fans of the beautiful game.
Image copyright EPA Image caption The protesters want the environment minister to resign
Thousands of people have taken part in a rally in the Lebanese capital Beirut in protest at a government they say is corrupt and ineffective.
Security was high amid fears the demonstrations could turn violent, as similar protests did last weekend.
Organisers of Saturday's mostly peaceful rally demanded the environment minister resign within 72 hours.
The government's failure to solve the crisis over the disposal of rubbish led to the 'You Stink' campaign.
They have been calling on the government to hold snap parliamentary elections, and also want the interior minister held to account for excessive force by police at last week's protests.
Lebanon wracked by dysfunction
Lebanon cartoons vent anger at rubbish crisis
The protesters poured into a major square in central Beirut, waving Lebanese flags and shouting anti-government slogans.
Many wore t-shirts with the words "You Stink". Some were playing music and singing.
The rally was mostly peaceful although a small group of masked youths tried to break through barbed wire to reach the prime minister's office. They set fire to rubbish and pelted police officers with stones and plastic bottles.
Image copyright AP Image caption There was some violence but the protest was mostly peaceful
Image copyright Reuters
Image copyright AP
Image copyright Reuters
"We give the government 72 hours," one organiser, Rasha Halabi, told the crowd. "If our demands have not been met by Tuesday night, we will turn up the heat."
One young protester told AFP that they had come to protest "because the country has all become garbage".
Barricades and barbed wire were installed around government buildings as security was increased ahead of the rally.
Human rights organisation Amnesty International urged the security services to show restraint and called for an investigation into last week's violence.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Rubbish has been piling up on the streets of Beirut
Image copyright AP Image caption Previous protests saw police fire water spray and rubber bullets
Rubbish has been piling up on the streets of Beirut since Lebanon's largest landfill shut down last month with no ready alternative.
This led to the creation of the Stink movement, which blames political paralysis and corruption for the failure to resolve the crisis.
The cabinet failed to reach agreement on Tuesday on a way forward, saying the fees quoted by private waste management companies were too great.
Lebanon has been without a president for more than a year, while members of parliament have extended their own terms until 2017 after failing to agree on a law on fresh elections.
The conflict in neighbouring Syria has also exacerbated political and sectarian divisions, and resulted in the arrival of 1.1 million refugees, putting a strain on the economy and public services.
Jan 6, 2014; Uniondale, NY, USA; New York Islanders head coach Jack Capuano looks on against the Dallas Stars during the third period at Nassau Veterans Memorial Coliseum. The New York Islanders won the game 7-3. Mandatory Credit: Joe Camporeale-USA TODAY Sports
Not all moves work out for a National Hockey League general manager and Garth Snow is no different. Taking a low risk gamble by selecting then 17 year old Kirill Kabanov with the 65th selection in the 2010 entry draft, the Islanders were hoping they stole a diamond in the rough capable of producing offense well into the future.
Today, those dreams do not look to be coming to fruition as the organization has sent them on loan to MoDo of the Swedish Elite League.
Reports say #Isles have loaned Kirill Kabanov to MoDo of the SEL. Draft gamble by #Isles appears to not have paid off. — Arthur Staple (@StapeNewsday) January 17, 2014
From day one of training camp at Barclays Center in Brooklyn, Kabanov did not seperate themselves from the pack, at least to the eyes from this website that were present among the media contingent in the stands. When they began the season in Bridgeport of the American Hockey League, heads did not turn either at that level of competition.
After producing good numbers over four seasons in the QMJHL of 42 goals and 64 assists in 111 games, Kabanov could not get things going in the NHL's top developmental league. Wearing #77, they only could muster 3 goals in 16 games on 21 shots. Hardly the numbers you want to see one of your top prospects producing.
The potential that had some talking them up as a possible first round selection was doomed by what most have classified as ‘character issues', work-ethic problems and a failure to find a common ground with one of their most trusted confidants: their father, who has been described as ‘being tough to deal with' by others most close to the situation.
This quote from their old Russian junior coach described what some saw to be the problem, when Kabanov was at the center of controversy by being rejected by the Russian team representing their country at the 2010 U18 tournament.
“I removed them from the team because [although] we thought [he] would help us, but they brought only confusion to the team,” Vasiliev told Sovietsky Sport. “Kabanov came and thought ‘Here I am, a star from Canada, who will save all.' But it's the team that wins rather than an individual player.”
Who knows if this is the end for the one touted prospect as the Islanders are known for being very patient and even lenient, some say to a fault, with some of their prospects. But it certainly does not bode well for either side from the looks of what happened today.
A Seminole Heights pastor is recovering after a tree fell on them while they were praying.
Sharon Davis, the pastor of Seminole Heights United Methodist Church, had just finished their nightly walk on Sunday when they stopped to sit on the church stairs to reflect and pray.
"The tree fell and covered the stairs and we could hear their scream," said Jordan Miller, who was working at their bike shop across the street from the church. "We saw them down on the ground, and that's when we realized what happened."
Miller's girlfriend called 911 while they and several other people nearby rushed over to help.
"It's a strange series of events, but I'm thankful it happened the way it did and they didn't get pinned under the tree or hurt more seriously than they did," they said.
Davis was taken to the hospital with numerous injuries. They have since been released. They said they didn't feel well enough to be interviewed, but church spokesperson Christie Hess said Davis is grateful no one else was injured.
"It could have been the congregation leaving the church," Hess said. "And you know what? There were eyewitnesses who were right there at the time it occurred, so they they got immediate attention right then and there."
Hess said the tree is a safety hazard and will be removed.
They aren't sure when Pastor Davis will be able to resume their duties at the church.
BARCELONA, Spain — More than six million Americans live abroad, according to recent estimates, so it was not altogether unusual when the Ledermans, a family of four from California, moved here in 2011. After all, one of them got a dream job.
For the Ledermans, though, the strange thing was not the move but the reason: The opportunity that brought them to Spain was not for Danny, the father and small-business owner, or Tammy, the mother and real estate agent. It was for Ben, their 11-year-old son.
Two years later, Ben Lederman, 13, is still working, still spending most days (and many evenings) training at La Masia, the famed youth soccer academy run by the global soccer juggernaut Barcelona. Ben is the first United States-born player invited to train at La Masia, and that distinction, while significant, means little to their overall quest: to work their way up through the Barcelona youth teams and someday, maybe, become the first American to play for Barcelona's first team.
Could it happen? Perhaps. They have scored several memorable goals already in their career (a few of which have found their way to YouTube), but what has impressed most observers — including those from Barcelona — is their field vision and their seemingly advanced ability to see passing lanes and openings during the run of play. More than goals, that sort of instinctive game savvy is what scouts crave.
Alright. Gigs up.
I'm tired of posting and I've already hurt too many people. I'm not Anna. But they sure as hell does exist.
Anna represents Tumblr's fucked up Social Justice section. It was reassuring to see how many of you stepped up and fought against them bigotry. There were far more Anna critics then there were Anna supporters.
I'm going to go ahead and answer questions that I know are going to be asked.
Why did you do it? Was it a social experiment? Or are you roleplaying?
I did it for multiple reasons. Originally, I just wanted to provoke a few Social Justice Warriors and Anti Social Justice Warriors, mainly because I'm a bad person who enjoys causing chaos on occasion. But after this post went viral, I started to use this blog to conduct mini experiments, or find out what the general public's view is on a certain topic. Sometimes I would use Anna just to be somebody else for a while.
What's up with the “men can't be raped” post? Do you believe men can't be raped? Do you realize how many people you hurt? You're contributing to rape culture.
Yes, men certainly can be raped and only a fool would argue against it.
Yes, I realize how many people I have hurt. And I'm so sorry. I'm going to formally write and issue an apology letter for what I have done. I should have stopped and deleted that post after it went viral. But I didn't. Hell, I should have never even made that post to begin with.
Yes, I was contributing to rape culture. Or at least pretending to.
Like I said before, I made this blog to poke fun at SJWs and AntiSJWs. When I made that post, I intended for it to be for that audience only. In the past, I've had other troll accounts on different subjects that were never extremely successful. The biggest amount of notes I've ever received on those blogs were 600 at the most. So I assumed it'd be the same for ignitionpoint. Unfortunately, the right person was on at the wrong time. All it took was for a few Tumblr famous bloggers to reblog it for it to become a hit. If I had known how popular it would become, I would have never hit that post button in the first place. I honestly only intended it for that small section of Tumblr I previously mentioned; a place where shit like this is saidall the time.
The worst part of all of this is that the post originally wasn't even mine. I copied the wording from a Tumblr that actually does believe men can't be raped and just changed the styling a little bit so it did look original. Actually, most of my answers regarding rape, sexism, and racism were copied from actual SJW blogs and slightly changed so I wasn't completely plagiarizing them.
Are you a feminist?
Kind of. I identify as an egalitarian, although after the shit I've done, I sure as hell don't deserve that title.
Personally, I think the patriarchy concept is mostly bullshit with a few valid points. The patriarchy theory doesn't account for issues men face and doesn't really include non-binary genders.
I believe that sexism happens when people step out of the gender roles they've been assigned. For example:
A woman has sex with a lot of people at the age of 20. This woman is mocked, bullied, and called derogatory names because women are supposed to be innocent and value their virginity A man has sex with a lot of people at the age of 20 and is applauded for showing off how manly they are. A man is a virgin at the age of 20. This man is mocked, bullied, and called derogatory names because men are supposed to be sex crazed and get with as many women as possible. A woman is a virgin at the age of 20 and is applauded for being so virtuous.
or
A little girl wants to go out in the yard and play baseball with the boys.  They are scolded and told that it is wrong for women to do this and is forced to stay in doors and play barbies. A little boy wants to go inside and play barbies with the girls.  They are scolded and told that it is wrong for men to do this and is forced to stay outside and play baseball.
Too often, I see feminists argue the first point in both of the issues above, but completely ignore the second or pass it off as the patriarchy backfiring on itself. Really? If men were given all of the power and allowed to do as they pleased, they would be allowed to go indoors and play barbies.
The only issues men have are being put down on the internet. Boohoo, wittle men tears.
(This is only in regards to America, so as not to generalize about the rest of the world. I'm sure it can be applied to many countries, but I don't want to create any confusion or misspeak. ) Do you honestly assume that we live in a system where 50% of the population can do what ever they want without ever facing any issues whatsoever. That would be implying we have created a perfect system designed to benefit men only. Perfection is impossible. To claim that men don't have any issues at all is fucking ridiculous.
Example of a serious men's issue: Most people believe that rape/ domestic abuse is exclusive only to women and laugh at the idea of a man being raped or abused.
Also, it's preposterous to play the Oppression Olympics. To claim that women have it worse and therefor should only be helped is crap. Anyone facing any struggles should be helped.
Do you believe that woman should be spelled with a y?
Hahahaha no, that's ridiculous. People who do that don't understand how the English language works.
Are you a vegan?
No. A vegan diet is full of carbs with little protein. That's not healthy for you. Also, most vegans want everyone in the world to become one. Some areas aren't privileged enough for this lifestyle choice. Not to mention that if all 7 billion humans on Earth were to suddenly only eat plants, we would completely fuck up the water table; however, I do get irritated when meat eaters use the argument “It's my body and I'll eat all the bacon I want!” or “I don't tell you what to eat so leave me alone!” to combat vegans. This is a weak argument because vegans believe that by consuming animal products, you are infringing on the rights of animals, which to them, is worse than infringing on your rights to eat what you want. So please, quit using that time wasting argument and learn a real one. It's not going to make them stop.
While I'm not a vegan, I do try and eat only organic foods. I wasn't kidding when I stressed how awful mass production farms are. They're terrible for the environment, extremely cruel to animals, and feed their animals nasty growth hormones and other shit that you really don't want to put into your body. I highly recommend reading the book Sugar Nation for more information.
Is your Dad actually dead?
Nope.
Do you believe that incest should be accepted?
No. Incestuous relationships are usually a result of a cult's upbringing. The phrase “love is love” is a dangerous one. There are plenty examples of abusive love.
Have you ever actually been to a mental hospital?
Yes, but not for the reasons I originally said. I was in a sexually abusive relationship and then a verbally abusive one. I don't really want to get too into this.
If you're not Anna, then who are you? Is that picture actually you?
I'm actually 18, although I created Anna when I was 17. I'm not going to give my name nor confirm if that picture is or isn't me to protect my identity.
Are you a lesbian?
Nope. Just a part of their character.
Do you believe the cancer shouldn't be cured?
No. I only said this because I wanted to see how others would react. A while ago, I saw this argument and thought it was extremely strange. If we stop trying to cure cancer, then why would be bother trying to cure any other disease or illness? It goes against basic instinct to try not to cure ourselves.
Also, the “cancer shouldn't be cured” theory implies that humanity has evolved beyond nature itself and is smarter than the Earth. Personally, I believe that nature is always more powerful and if the Earth wants to get rid of all humans, it will.
What social experiments did you conduct? What were the results?
The reason I didn't immediately delete this blog after the “men can't be raped” post blew up was because I wanted to test what the purpose of anon hate is. Anna started out as an extremely unlikable and irrational character. They pissed off a ton of people and received a lot of well deserved anon hate for it. As time went on though, their harsh opinions on rape softened and conformed more to society's standards, to the point where they agreed that men can be raped in most situations My hypothesis was that the anon haters would never be satisfied and would continue to send hate even after the targeted individual started to give in to the result they wanted. Fortunately, my hypothesis was wrong. As my views softened, my frequent followers started to send less harsh messages and seemed to be satisfied with me conforming to what they wanted. Of course, I executed the experiment horribly and broke character a hundred times, there were those who hadn't read my blog and had only seen the “men can't be raped” post and still left angry messages, and those who just liked to troll, but overall, it seems as if anon hate is sent because people want to see a satisfying result rather than just make someone feel awful for an opinion they don't agree with. +1 for humanity.
Do you hate Jews?
No. Someone asked me if I was antisemitism. I responded “I don't know enough about the topic to have a valid opinion” or something like that. Naturally, I received a lot of hate mail for being a bigot. Then, I claimed that I confused antisemitism with antizionism.
The reason I did all of that was to see if internet users would forgive someone for making what seems to be an honest mistake. Unfortunately, the experiment failed because not enough people saw my explanation on how I confused the two terms and continued to send me hate for it. Then, it kind of became a game to constantly tell Anna that they were a “jew hater.” So…
Are you actually against porn?
I meant what I said about the porn industry, just not to the level that Anna described. I support the idea of porn, but the industry is so corrupt and is a dangerous place for anyone. Be careful when choosing which videos to watch.
Do you believe that you can't be sexist towards men/ racist towards white people?
If you want to claim that you can't be sexist towards men, fine. If you want to claim that you can't be racist towards white people, fine. I really don't care, all you're doing is arguing semantics, which is a waste of time. Just don't discriminate against anyone. It's not nice.
Do you actually have 8,000 asks?
Actually, now it's OVER 9,000!!!!!!!!!!
But yes, I dohave a shit ton of asks.
Do you like your theme?
No. I think the sparkles are tacky and too much pink.
I hate you/ You're an awful person.
I certainly deserve that.
**IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS ABOUT SPECIFIC POSTS OR ANY OTHER QUESTIONS, SHOOT ME AN ASK HERE**
-Ignitionpoint
Last updated at 11:12 31 October 2005
Boys fell further behind girls in reading, writing and mathematics at primary school this year, according to the latest test results.
Just 51 per cent of 11-year-old boys in England reached the level expected of their age group in the three core subjects, compared with 63 per cent of girls.
This marked a one percentage point drop in boys' scores and a one point rise for girls from 2004.
The Government statistics came in an update to earlier figures which were released in August. They showed a gulf opening up between boys and girls in writing.
But the latest figures demonstrated that the growing gender gap is a much wider problem.
Overall, 57 per cent of all pupils - boys and girls - reached the expected standard of Level 4 in their national curriculum tests this year.
This was the same proportion as 2004 but a rise from the 1997 level of 43 per cent.
The Government published the latest provisional figures without announcement on the Education Department's website on Friday.
But the release was dated October 12, suggesting that statisticians had prepared the data for publication more than two weeks earlier.
Last month all six teachers' unions united to demand a review of the primary school tests.
Assessments 'damaging education'
They said the regime of assessment for 11-year-olds was highly damaging to children's education.
Many primary schools spend 70 per cent of their time just on English and maths, "teaching to the test", the unions said.
The Government has been caught in a row over whether the primary school test results accurately reflect improvements in standards since Labour came to power.
Academics at Durham University suggested that the improvements in results overstated the actual rise in primary school standards and the abilities of pupils.
The Government's own Statistics Commission backed this research and warned ministers that they must not overstate the level of improvement in primary school standards by quoting the test figures.
But the Department for Education has refused to accept the findings.
The Government is expected to miss its key targets for primary school test results next year.
Ministers have an almost impossible task of overcoming a 10 pre cent gap if they are to meet the 2006 target of 85 per cent of 11-year-olds making the grade in maths alone.
There is also a target for 85 per cent of 11-year-olds to pass the English tests at the required level by 2006. This year, 79 per cent of pupils reached this level.
Welcome to the annual series: ‘A Minor (League) Review of 2015.” This series is a great way to receive a quick recap of the '15 minor league seasons for your favorite club(s), while also receiving a brief look toward the 2016 season and beyond. It can also be a handy feature for fantasy baseball players in keeper and Dynasty leagues.
A Minor Review of 2015: Oakland A's
The Graduate: Billy Burns, OF: The Nationals scored big in the 32nd round of the 2011 draft with Burns. They understand what they need to do to be successful: get on base and run. Their approach at the plate collapsed a bit in the majors (26-81 BB-K rate) compared to their time in the minors (211-245 BB-K) but they were still successful thanks to their ability to hit for average. They stole 26 bases (in 34 tries) at the big league level but has topped 50 bases twice in their career so there is more value there if Oakland gives them the green light.
The Riser: Jacob Nottingham, C: Acquired from the Astros in the Scott Kazmir deal last year, Nottingham immediately became the organization's catcher of the future. They should be good enough defensively behind the plate to stick there but he'll never win a gold glove. Still, their bat has immense potential as a catcher and could hit 15 home runs in a season. Just 20, the former sixth round draft pick has a shot at opening 2016 in Double-A, although they could return to High-A ball if the A's want to slow them down a bit to work on their defence.
The Tumbler: Raul Alcantara, RHP: A former Red Sox prospect, Oakland acquired them as a low-level flyer and saw them start to breakout in 2013. Unfortunately, they missed almost all of 2014 and part of '15 due to injury (Tommy John surgery). When they returned, they still had the fastball that could reach the mid-90s but they lost key development time needed to improve their breaking ball. They struck out just 29 batters in 48.2 innings of work last year and has a ways to go with improving their secondary stuff and command (His control continues to be above average). A bounce-back year from Alcantara in 2016 would be huge; the system is loaded with bats but has few impact arms.
The '15 Draft Pick: Richie Martin, SS: A lot of teams were said to be high on Martin and the A's nabbed the college shortstop with the 20th pick of the '15 draft. Oakland has a number of promising shortstop prospects but Franklin Barreto will likely relocate to the outfield which will open up the infield position for Martin. That's good news for the prospect's value because their greatest asset is their work at shortstop… followed by their solid speed. They don't project to be an impact player at the plate but they should be respectable.
The Lottery Ticket: Yairo Munoz, SS: Yet another shortstop prospect in the system, Munoz was a key international free agent signing back in 2012. Now 20, they have shown the ability to step into some home runs and also steal some bases. He's extremely athletic and could easily move to another position to accommodate Franklin Barreto and/or Richie Martin.
The system works like many other bike-light sets do: The battery and micro-controller are mounted on the wheel's hub and, in this case, propel the four spines along which the LEDs run. Each individual LED light is capable of displaying 16 million colors, and as the wheel spins, it generates the optical illusion that you see.
You've equipped WHEEL LIGHTS. Continue?
Yes ⬅
No pic.twitter.com/Fre7E1hLmJ — Andrew Tarantola (@Terrortola) Jan. 14th, 2016
On paper, there's a lot to like about the Balight. Initially marketed as an Indiegogo campaign, where it exceeded its $30,000 funding goal, it offers a litany of features. That includes a 10-hour battery, water/shockproof operation and Bluetooth connectivity, allowing it to be used with a companion mobile app. What's more, the light can display both still images and animated GIFs from either Balight's curated online gallery or your own camera roll.
The Balight app also provides a number of features and a surprising degree of personalization. Users can program the light to cycle through specific photo sets at varying lengths of time by sorting images into albums. Additionally, the app incorporates a helpful battery meter for the light, includes GPS and even tracks your ride performance (distance, time and both the maximum and current speeds).
Unfortunately, many of these perks are negated by how awkward the system is to set up and use. First off, just getting the light onto my wheel was a master class in frustration. The printed instructions that come with the unit make no sense. At all. They read like LEGO assembly instructions that have been fed through Google Translate four or five times. I actually had to reach out to the company and have it send a video walk-through just to get the damn thing on; that's how little sense the written instructions make. I mean, the light is easy to install once you know what the assortment of included screws and clips are for, but getting to that point is a challenge.
It was the same with pairing the light with my mobile device. I spent the better part of an hour alternately swearing at my phone and bike until the two randomly decided to start speaking to each other. I still don't know what I did to get it to work, but now it does.
The app itself (available for both iOS and Android) feels equally unpolished, even on version 2.2.0. Signing in to my Balight account is hit or miss at best, and some of the functions are still said to be "under testing" but have active buttons nonetheless.
Then there are the more fundamental design flaws. Like the fact that I can't park my bike on any street in San Francisco with this thing attached if I want it to be there when I get back. Yes, the Balight comes equipped with an anti-theft alarm. No, it isn't going to do a damn lick of good. Even if I used a secondary cable lock to secure the rim itself, there's nothing to stop a thief from snipping the spokes and pulling the light out. It's enough of an issue that I figure it'd be easier if I bought a second rim, installed the light on it and swapped the wheels wholesale.
At 3.3 pounds, the light also adds noticeable weight to your ride. It's not terrible when mounted on the rear, but install the light up front and it feels like you're pushing a wheelbarrow. This is exactly what I don't need when riding a single-speed around hilly San Francisco. What's more, you need to be traveling at a pretty good clip in order for the displayed animations to not jitter interminably. I could see the benefit of the light during long social rides (i.e., during a Critical Mass-like event), but when I'm racing from light to light during my commute, there isn't much chance to show off the Balight's capabilities.
Overall, I like the idea behind the Balight but, as with most crowdfunded products, don't think it's ready for consumers yet. I mean, it's a decent bike light. But for all the hassles that you'll go through to install and use it, there are plenty of wheel-light systems that do the same thing for much less.
The court order allowing Cape Town Advocate Robin Stransham-Ford to commit medically assisted suicide will stand, even though they died hours before the order was handed down, notes a report in The Citizen. Judge Hans Fabricius yesterday turned down an application by the Justice and Health Ministers, the NPA and the Health Professions Council to rescind the order they granted to Stransham-Ford last week. Counsel for the respondents argued that Stransham-Ford had died at 8am on Thursday morning, before Fabricius granted the order. This meant, it was argued, that Stransham-Ford's rights had fallen away and that the order was moot. Counsel for the HPCSA, Harry van Bergen, argued that Stransham-Ford's lawyers ‘were shifting the goal posts' because they were now taking the application beyond the boundaries of the original application.
Students from Cornell University hosted a protest to demand that the college provide funding to illegal immigrants.
About 250 students and faculty members attended the protest, which was organized by the Cornell Coalition for Inclusive Democracy, Heat Street reported.
“No ban, no wall. Sanctuary for all,” protesters chanted.
The protesters want the upstate New York school to provide illegal immigrants, including those not protected by DACA (Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals), with special funding.
“Our endangered community members still lack explicit assurance that the institution that took them in will protect them,” Professor Russell Rickford told the Cornell Sun. “That's shameful.”
The group also wants Cornell to provide on-campus housing for immigrant students who have been warned not to travel overseas, and fight for legislation that protects illegal immigrants.
They also want campus police not to release information about illegal immigrant students to immigration agents unless it is absolutely necessary.
“State explicitly that CUPD will join the Tompkins County Sheriff and Ithaca Police Department in declining to honor civil immigration detainer requests (which is not legally required!) from a federal agent unless accompanied by a judicial warrant,” the demand read.
One illegal immigrant student spoke about their struggle to obtain financial aid.
“I had to sacrifice meals. I had to sacrifice having the right books. I had to do everything to thrive at this school,” Julia Montejo said. “Now that Cornell's caught up, which is a little late for many people, Cornell is refusing to explicitly state that CUPD will not cooperate with ICE.”
Another professor told the crowd that the students would “always be in a minority” in terms of what they were fighting for.
“You will always be in a minority. But, the truth is, we look back on those periods now as periods of grave injustice, where time has turned against what was done. And you don't need the majority; what you need is a very dedicated, involved minority,” Professor Joe Margulies said.
Bernie Sanders spoke out in support of ousted Blaine Principal Troy LaRaviere on Thursday. View Full Caption DNAinfo
LAKEVIEW — Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders slammed Chicago Public Schools and spoke out in support of ousted Principal Troy LaRaviere Thursday, one day after the district removed them from Blaine Elementary.
"The only explanation for their removal appears to be Mayor [Rahm] Emanuel's unhealthy obsession with taking revenge," Sanders said in a statement. "It is absolutely unacceptable that a school principal is facing politically motivated retaliation because they dared to stand up to the mayor of Chicago."
Sanders, who featured LaRaviere in a campaign ad, pointed to LaRaviere's multiple merit awards from the district and Blaine's reputation as a top elementary school in Chicago as signs of their success as a principal.
"I condemn Principal LaRaviere's reassignment and call on Democrats around the country to stand up against Mayor Emanuel's pettiness," Sanders said from Reading, Pennsylvania.
RELATED: Troy LaRaviere, Outspoken CPS Principal And Rahm Critic, Ousted
Emanuel "does not interfere" with personnel matters at CPS, spokesperson Kelley Quinn said Thursday.
LaRaviere will, in fact, be one of Sanders' at-large delegates during the Democratic National Convention in July, the campaign said.
"He's our guy. He's one of our people," said Clem Balanoff, who directed Sanders' Illinois campaign. "He's been with us from the beginning, and I can't imagine them not being part of the campaign."
While LaRaviere was on the Illinois primary ballot as an elected delegate, they came in eighth for six available slots in the 5th District of Illinois. Those chosen as pledged delegates include Sanders supporter Ald. John Arena (45th) and state Rep. Sara Feigenholtz, a pledged Hillary Clinton delegate.
Wednesday was LaRaviere's last day at Blaine, and they were "reassigned from their principal duties," according to an email sent to parents from Elizabeth Kirby, chief of schools strategy and planning for CPS.
The district is accusing LaRaviere of "acts of misconduct, including violations of a previous warning resolution passed by the Board of Education," CPS spokesperson Emily Bittner said. "A hearing will be held to determine their employment status."
LaRaviere has said publicly that they do not know the cause of their reassignment. Bittner said LaRaviere failed to show up for a meeting Wednesday with district officials to discuss their removal and employment status.
The next step is a pre-suspension hearing "to determine whether there is a sufficient basis to suspend Principal LaRaviere without pay," Bittner said, although that move would need approval from the Illinois State Board of Education.
A source familiar with the situation said LaRaviere was not given a new position within CPS and was told to stay home in the interim.
CPS told LaRaviere that they could be dismissed should they continue to speak out against district directives, guidelines or rules. The principal has been a staunch critic of CPS and Mayor Rahm Emanuel, blasting the district for "reckless fiscal operational and educational mismanagement" even after the warning.
LaRaviere also served as an adviser to Jesus "Chuy" Garcia in their unsuccessful attempt to unseat Emanuel in last year's mayoral election. In March, they were featured in an ad for Sanders.
While some parents said it was necessary to separate politics from education, others stood behind LaRaviere. On Thursday, LaRaviere supports also started tweeting with the hashtag #StandWithTroy in a show of support.
#TroyLaRaviere showed teachers we could fight w/in an unjust system & admin could stand w/us. I #StandWithTroy -- some fights are worth it. — Nora Flanagan (@ncpflanagan) April 21, 2016
It's unclear whether LaRaviere will still be eligible to run for president of the Chicago Principals and Administrators Association. Nominated in late February, LaRaviere said they hoped to find a way to continue working at Blaine if elected in May.
RELATED:
• Staunch Rahm Critic Could Lead Chicago Principals
• Blaine Principal Troy LaRaviere Won't 'Turn A Blind Eye,' Despite Warning
• CPS Tell Principal 'Do Not Be Insubordinate' — Or Find A New Job
• Blaine Elementary Fundraising Campaign Also Benefiting Manierre
• Principal Who Ripped Rahm, Standardized Testing Gets New Contract
• Blaine Principal Who Ripped Rahm Gets Thumbs-Up From School Council Leader
For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:
The art of compromise, otherwise known as you-scratch-my-back-I'll-scratch-yours, has all but disappeared from the halls of Congress in recent years. And that may put more than 20 members of the Texas congressional delegation in a bind when relief for the victims of Hurricane Harvey comes up for a vote.
The representatives, and Republican Sens. Ted Cruz and John Cornyn, all voted against a $50.5-billion relief package for victims of 2012's Superstorm Sandy when it came before them in January 2013. (The measure passed anyway.) Although the shape and size of a relief package for victims of Harvey won't emerge for at least several months, it's clear that a big one will be needed. Damage estimates from the storm still pummeling the Gulf Coast around Houston have reached $40 billion, and are likely to rise.
Texas is almost certain to pose a drain on federal emergency resources for the indefinite future. “FEMA is going to be there for years,” Brock Long, administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, said Sunday on CNN.
I won't abandon Texas the way Ted Cruz did New York. — Rep. Peter King, R-N.Y.
Texas lawmakers haven't yet been asked how they will vote on the inevitable package. But on Friday, even before Harvey's landfall, Cruz and Cornyn sent a letter to President Trump asking them for a major disaster declaration. Trump issued the declaration that evening.
Lawmakers and others from the New York-New Jersey region that sustained the heaviest damage from Sandy, moreover, have signaled that they'll be on hypocrite watch when it comes time to vote on Harvey aid. “1 bad turn doesn't deserve another,” Republican Rep. Peter King of New York wrote in a tweet directed at Cruz. In a second tweet they pledged, “I won't abandon Texas the way Ted Cruz did New York.”
Ally Levine / @latimesgraphics Sources: FEMA, Mapzen, OpenStreetMap, population image Copyright, 2013, Weldon Cooper Center for Public Service, Rector and Visitors of the University of Virginia (Dustin A. Cable, creator) Sources: FEMA, Mapzen, OpenStreetMap, population image Copyright, 2013, Weldon Cooper Center for Public Service, Rector and Visitors of the University of Virginia (Dustin A. Cable, creator) (Ally Levine / @latimesgraphics)
On Saturday, the New York Daily News was quick to underscore the irony in Cruz and Cornyn scurrying to secure emergency assistance for their home state after voting against Sandy relief. “The devastation of Hurricane Harvey has two-faced Texas politicians looking for the same sort of relief funding they flatly opposed five years ago,” the newspaper reported.
Of the 24 GOP members of the Texas House delegation in 2013, all but one voted against the Sandy relief package in 2013. The one “yea” vote was Rep. John Culberson, whose district includes Houston. But seven other Houston-area members of congress voted the package down. All 12 Democratic members of the delegation voted in favor of Sandy relief with the exception of Sheila Jackson Lee, who represents central Houston and didn't cast a vote. Three Republicans and two Democrats in office at the time of the vote are no longer serving in Congress.
Most of the lawmakers who commented on the 2013 Sandy appropriation couched their opposition in terms of fiscal responsibility. The issue, they said, was that the Sandy bill had been larded down with non-Sandy and non-emergency spending. “Emergency relief for the families who are suffering from this natural disaster should not be used as a Christmas tree for billions in unrelated spending," Cruz said then.
Others demanded that every dollar spent on Sandy relief be balanced by a dollar cut somewhere else in the federal budget. As I wrote last year, when Louisiana members of congress who voted against Sandy were tasked with securing relief for victims of Hurricane Matthew, this position elevated the ideology of the balanced budget to an article of faith. Notably, the lawmakers insisting on a one-for-one trade-off against Sandy aid were never specific about where the cuts should come from.
A second ideology undergirding hostility to Sandy aid was climate change denial; virtually every lawmaker who voted against the package had also denied or expressed extreme skepticism about climate change, even though it may well have magnified the impact of of the storm on low-lying districts, and may well have contributed to the devastating potency of Hurricane Harvey. As I reported then, tying climate change to specific weather events is difficult, but climatologists say that among the likely consequences of climate change is an increase in the frequency of Category 4 and 5 storms like Matthew and Harvey.
The biggest factor influencing the Sandy vote, however, may have been the disappearance of bipartisan comity from the halls of Congress. The process may be denigrated as “logrolling,” but the idea that every legislator is going to need something from their or their colleagues at one point or another is ingrained in history. When a Mississippi flood displaced 600,000 residents of the Delta in 1927, for instance, Rep. Phil Swing personally led a congressional tour of the region. Swing represented California, 1,800 miles away, so what was they up to? Simple, they were preparing the ground for a flood control project for their home district, the Imperial Valley. They sponsored the Delta restoration bill and got their wish — congressional funding for what we know today as Hoover Dam. Both regions reaped decades of benefits.
Full disclosure: my favorite death in Brad Pitt's World War Z happened when the young, idealistic doctor, teamed up with Pitt's character to find the cause/cure of the zombie plague, managed to slip, fall, and discharge their handgun, blowing their own brains out all within 10 minutes. God, it was really, really, awesome.
Of course, it might have been more awesome if they had tripped on an actual zombie. Titillating cinematic irony aside, zombies have been responsible for some of the most gruesomely awesome deaths in all cinema.
With that in mind, we're proud to present to you 10 of the greatest, nastiest, chompiest zombie kills of all time!
10. Patience Buckner and Sigourney Weaver
Kicked living ass in: Cabin in the Woods (2011)
Zombies. So passe. So yesterday.
But what could be more awesome than zombies? A Zombie Redneck Torture Family!
And no one does zombie redneck torture like Patience Buckner. Even if they dress like a 9-year-old extra from Little House on the Prairie and their religious zealot brother “hacked up and eat” their arm before they died, and was then consigned to a subterranean monster zoo. But what they lack in home life and personality, they more than makes up for in ass-kicking. What other monster in movie history can say they took out Sigourney Weaver with an axe to the head?
Eat your hearts out, you stupid aliens.
9. Karen Cooper and their Pop
Kicked living ass in: Night of the Living Dead (1967)
"Poppa? can you hear me?"
Nope. Not when Poppa has been eviscerated by their little girl. Poor baby. Them parents tried so hard to keep them safe in the basement of that deserted farmhouse even as it was being overrun by every zombie in a five mile radius.
Karen lay quietly, barely complaining, a good girl until the end as they calmly succumbed to infection from a bite. Such a well-mannered child. There was a lot of in-family zombie murder going on in this flick (Barbara and their brother), but nothing could quite top the scene of Karen in their little-girl dress being hollow-eyed while clutching a fistful of their daddy's viscera.
8. Zombie Mob and David
Kicked living ass in: Shaun of the Dead (2004)
Only a pair of idiots would decide to ride out the zombie apocalypse in the local pub. Especially when several walls of that pub were nothing but large, plate glass windows. But if Shaun and Ed were idiots, what does that say about the complete morons who followed them? I'm talking about Liz, David, and Dianne – not the shambling mob of zombies trailing behind them.
When everything goes to hell, as we all knew it would, it is David who suffers most. And I mean that literally; the zombie horde drags David out the window and promptly rips them limb from limb.
7. Trash and the Hobo
Kicked living ass in: Return of the Living Dead (1985)
There was a whole lot of human death in Return of the Living Dead, but no other character made quite an impression like Trash. Sure, they were cool when they were alive, what with their flame red buzz cut and their naked cemetery dancing. And their death was pretty cool too, devoured by zombies during a toxic rain storm. Heck, it was almost romantic.
But Trash really came into their own as a nearly naked zombie running amok in nothing but their legwarmers, with a mouth made for chewing on the homeless. Also, extra points from emerging from the grave like a graceful ballerina!
6. Zombie Mob and Capt. Rhodes
Kicked living ass in: Day of the Dead (1985)
Zombies have had a long and complicated relationship with the military. When they aren't being gunned down en masse, they are being held captive in secret military bunkers and used as test subjects for nefarious scientists. While Bub the zombie and their mad scientist shared a creepy (yet no less loving) relationship, they always managed to raise the ire of one Capt. Rhodes, who was, and we have to be honest here, a dick.
How can you tell if you are being a dick during the apocalypse? Everyone is rooting for the zombies to kill you. Rhodes finally gets it when Bub chases them down a corridor and into the waiting arms of a zombie mob with a penchant for dismemberment.
5. Pvt. Mailer and Major West
Kicked living ass in: 28 Days Later (2002)
Like their American counterpart, Capt. Rhodes, British Major Henry West was also a dick. Sure, they had good intentions. They thought they could take their little rag-tag squad of degenerate soldiers, fortify a mansion, and wait out the apocalypse. Maybe find a couple of nice ladies to help them repopulate and set up a new world order.
But we all know what happens with good intentions.
Locking Pvt. Mailer up in a courtyard after they succumbed to the rage-zombie infection was a good idea... until they got loose and proceeded to bite and slobber blood all over the rest of the men, quickly infecting them and turning the major's utopian vision into a nightmare. It was Mailer who had the last laugh though, smashing through the rear window of a car and dragging the major out for an old fashioned evisceration.
4. Swamp Zombie and Dale
Kicked living ass in: The Walking Dead, “Judge, Jury, Executioner” (2012)
We can blame Carl for this one. Sure, throwing rocks at zombies while they are stuck in a swamp is fun; until they follow you home. Poor Dale. They were becoming the moral center of the group. Yet, their impassioned plea for mercy on behalf of a stranger fell on deaf ears. Was they right to beg their friends to keep their humanity? Or were Rick and Shane right for leading the group down a darker path?
Sadly Dale will never know, thanks to their totally unexpected disembowelment by Carl's swamp zombie. An ironic death and not a little bizarre. After all, swamp zombie had just finished gorging on a (clearly slow moving) cow. I guess Dale was dessert?
3. Don and Alice
Kicked living ass in: 28 Weeks Later (2007)
I love me some Robert Carlyle, so you can imagine my dismay when I realized their screen time in the 28 Days Later sequel would be so short lived. When the movie opened, Don and their wife Alice were trying to survive the zombie apocalypse, barricaded in an old farmhouse with a bunch of strangers (boy that sounds familiar).
They get separated and Alice, who turns out to be a carrier of the zombie virus, gets locked up in a shady government test bunker (where have I heard that before?) while Don gets an awesome job as a janitor for the very same facility (who wrote this??).
Unfortunately their reunion is bittersweet... as only reunions of couples where the wife is strapped to a table as the husband turns into a zombie and beats them to death can be.
2. Peeper Zombie and Paola
Kicked living ass in: Zombi 2 (1979)
Italian filmmakers are pretty darn sick. How sick you ask? Sick enough to terrorize lots and lots of naked ladies. I don't know about you, but I always like to fantasize about my zombie contingency plan. Where would I go, how would I hide? What if there was nowhere to hide? What if zombies are everywhere? In the water, on your secluded island home, spying on you as you shower?
Pretty Paola learns the hard way that a poorly assembled, weak, wooden door is not enough protection against a determined shambler. Despite their advanced state of decay, their creepy zombie stalker has no problem punching right through the door and impaling Paola, eye first, on a jagged splinter. Slowly.
Normally I would have to make this the number one zombie kill if it wasn't for …
1. Underwater Zombie and Shark
Kicked living ass in: Zombi 2 (1979)
You know what my favorite past time is? Naked underwater scuba diving in shark and zombie infested water. But I digress. In this glorious Italian film, there is a scene of a zombie fighting a shark. I repeat: A ZOMBIE FIGHTING A SHARK.
There is nothing better, no zombie attack scene more glorious. Chunks of shark flesh are devoured, a shark is ridden through the water, and a zombie arm is torn off. Did I say glorious? GLORIOUS!
At the end of the scene, both monsters swim away, but we all know that shark is infected. The zombie wins, and I am so sure Zombie-Shark: The Movie will be coming to a SyFy channel near you in the very near future.
This article originally ran on Oct. 26, 2014.
Prep Time: 20 minutes
Cook Time: 10 minutes
With this sandwich, you too can have a deli-like experience- but without the meat! After many years of trial and error, I have discovered a way to cook tofu so that it has the texture of luncheon meat and does not soak the sandwich bread!
The key is in using extra firm tofu and slicing it extra thin. The thinness also cuts cooking time and gives a texture that is similar to prosciutto (not that we would ever eat that). Slicing the veggies and tofu may take some extra time, so plan ahead for this recipe.
Dress the sandwich as you like it. I like mine with sauteed veggies and spinach, but if you would rather have a tofu club sandwich, use tomato, avocado and lettuce. It's your sandwich and you are the cook after all.
For 4 sandwiches
1/2 block extra firm tofu
1 green pepper, sliced
1/2 cup baby spinach
1 small red onion, sliced
8 fresh basil leaves
2 cups water
1/2 cup bread crumbs
1/2 cup nutritional yeast
1 tsp sea salt
1 tsp sesame seeds
1 tsp dried oregano
1 tsp black pepper
1 tsp Dijon mustard
vegan aioli, to taste
oil for frying
8 slices of toast
Method:
Slice tofu into thin 1/8th inch pieces. In a medium-sized bowl, combine water and mustard and stir. Add the tofu and marinate for 2-5 minutes. In another bowl combine yeast, bread crumbs, oregano, salt, pepper, and sesame seeds. One by one, dip the pieces of tofu in the dry mix. Heat oil in a pan over medium heat and gently fry the tofu, flipping halfway to cook the other side. Drain excess oil on paper towel sheets. In a separate pan, fry the green pepper and red onion until they become aromatic. Spread vegan aioli on each piece of toast and stack with fresh spinach, green pepper and onion, tofu and fresh basil.
image from flickr.com
NEW DELHI: Sahara group chairperson Subrata Roy on Wednesday challenged their judicial custody before the Supreme Court, terming their detention in Delhi's Tihar Jail as “unconstitutional”.“The petitioner's incarceration from the beginning till date is unconstitutional as they have neither been found guilty of any offence nor been awarded any punishment of conviction and sentence,” Roy's petition said. Roy was sent to jail by the Supreme Court on March 4 in connection with contempt proceedings over payment of .`20,000 crore by way of dues to market regulator Sebi.The petition, signed by senior Supreme Court lawyers Ram Jethmalani, Rajeev Dhawan, Rakesh Dwivedi, S Ganesh and Ravi Shankar Prasad, said Roy's detention was illegal as they had not been found guilty by the court on any count whether it be for violating an undertaking to the court or committing a civil offence or even contempt of court.“The petitioner is confined in Tihar Jail from the 04.03.2014 and continues to be incarcerated for an indefinite period. They do not know how long they will remain in custody and why they are in custody,” said Roy's petition filed through lawyer Keshav Mohan.Roy's lead lawyer Ram Jethmalani made a bid to have a threejudge bench, led by Chief Justice P Sathasivam, hear the petition on Wednesday morning, but the chief justice referred it back to the bench of justices KS Radhakrishnan and JS Khehar, which had passed the original order.Jethmalani made an abortive bid before justices Radhakrishnan and Khehar to post the petition before another bench, hinting it may be “embarrassing” for them to point out to the two judges that their action was illegal. But the bench said it will hear the plea on Thursday.The petition also claimed that Roy was only a shareholder of Sahara India Real Estate Corporation and Sahara Housing and Investment Corporation and that they were neither a director of the two companies nor officer incharge. It said Roy was in no manner involved in or responsible for the day-to-day affairs or conduct of business of the two companies.It said they were also not a party to the August 31 judgement and was in no manner responsible for compliance of directions for payment issued by the court.
This is Peter Hitchens's Mail on Sunday column
Does anyone miss the British Sunday, when our cities were like vast, well-ordered cemeteries, the sky always seemed to be black with impending rain, and a deep quiet fell on the land?
Actually, I do. I chafed at it as a child, because children don't grasp the point of such things. Now that I know what it was for, it is too late.
I know this partly because of the experience of being in Cairo on a Friday morning, or Jerusalem on a Saturday, cities where a universal day of rest still exists, in defiance of all the racket and commerce of the 21st Century.
Before you have even opened your curtains or fully woken from sleep, you can sense that the day is different from all the others. You can feel the peace in your bones and blood.
Does anyone miss the British Sunday, when our cities were like vast, well-ordered cemeteries, the sky always seemed to be black with impending rain, and a deep quiet fell on the land? (Above, Oxford Street in London)
Resting from work and routine on your own is one thing. Doing it in company with millions of others is quite different.
Work, especially if you're lucky in what you do, is one of the great pleasures of life, but – like all pleasures – it can become selfish. We need to stop.
In fact, we have probably never needed a day of rest more than we do now that we have become the slaves of the alluring hypnotic electronic devices we carry about everywhere with us.
The So-Called Conservative Party would know and understand all this if it were what it claims to be.
But as the amoral mouthpiece of commercial greed and globalisation, it prefers to see us scurrying from workplace to shopping centre every waking minute of every waking day.
Relaxation is a few hours of drugged sleep, preceded by a bout of ‘entertainment' thickly laced with advertising and propaganda. Then it's back to getting and spending.
Even atheists have begun, in recent years, to see the virtue of gathering weekly to read and hear poetry, think, sing songs and celebrate the joys of being alive. And there's also this simple point. If you want a day free of work, you must expect others to have the same privilege.
If families are ever to gather, then that free day must be on the same day of the week for everyone.
And if that means a lot of things are closed, it's a price worth paying.
A world without a proper day of rest is like a landscape without hedgerows, trees or landmarks, a howling, featureless wilderness in which we incessantly seek pleasure because we cannot find happiness.
Farewell to fiery Yanis, a reminder of how politics ought to be
There's something enjoyably piratical and breezy about the ousted Greek finance minister, Yanis Varoufakis, riding off on their motorbike with their lovely wife for a post-resignation beer.
These scenes, and Mr Varoufakis's general irreverent and non-servile behaviour, remind me of what I once found attractive about politics.
It's also worth noting that the Syriza government in Athens has pretty much done what it promised voters it would do, and has fought its corner with nerve and style, and with a fair bit of the patriotic feeling that has been missing from British politics for quite a while.
Perhaps it's time for me to change sides again. It's a joy to see Europe's Leftists, from Guardian writers to Greek politicians, finally realising that the European Union is a German-dominated imperial bully.
Maybe conservative patriots should now infiltrate the Left, its media and its political parties. There's more future there than there is in the dehumanised, passionless, corporate wastes of Cameronism.
It's quite obvious that the Left-wing candidate for the Labour leadership, Jeremy Corbyn, is a principled and uncorrupted real human, quite unlike the bland cybermen and cyberwomen they are standing against, whoever they are. I hope they win, not because I think he's a loser but because it would be good to have someone in front-rank politics who knows what they fight for and loves what they know, as Englishmen are supposed to do.
A combination of fiery Leftism and Ukip-type patriotism could be the very thing to sweep away the So-Called Conservative Party which represents nothing except the careers of its MPs and the interests of its donors.
In Greece, an alliance of Leftism and patriotism demolished the rich established parties in months. I've wasted years trying to do it the other way. Well, the last time I owned a motorbike, it ended badly, but I'm thinking of getting another one.
Facing the truth about a legend
Now at last we have absolute confirmation that Graham Sutherland's ruthlessly honest portrait of Sir Winston Churchill was indeed burned because the great man's wife, Clementine, couldn't bear to look at it. You can see why. It's not flattering. But no good portrait is flattering.
By the time it was painted, Sir Winston, like the country they had led, was failing, weakened by disappointment and fearful of the future. The picture showed that truth. We still do not like to admit it.
I seldom agree with the Children's Commissioner, whoever they or they are, but Anne Longfield is absolutely right that children in care should not be shoved out to fend for themselves at 18.
Being ‘in care' is pretty terrible, but it's the only stability these poor, abandoned teenagers know. And 18 is a ghastly age.
I remember Harold Wilson giving me the vote and telling me I was an adult when I was 18. I spent the next three years showing them how wrong he'd been. Not that they took any notice.
How can students be expected to pay for their time at university, an increasingly impossible burden?
Here's a wise suggestion from a reader, Mrs Sylvia Langley. Offer them the chance to look after the elderly in care homes (or their own homes).
In return for doing this, their fees could be reduced or even cancelled altogether. In my view better still, idealistic young people could regain contact with the old, who are rapidly becoming a separate and despised minority, the Untouchables of our time and place.
I see the plans to expand grammar schools in Kent have been strangled by lawyers, as I always thought they would be. But why are we still messing about with this? Thousands of parents want new grammar schools, all over the country. The only thing that prevents this is a brief, easily repealed clause in David Blunkett's 1998 School Standards Act. But there's no sign of that. The new So-Called Conservative majority is more interested in relaxing the laws against foxhunting, which is obviously so much more urgent than a good education for children whose parents aren't rich.
If you want to comment on Peter Hitchens, click on Comments and scroll down
Slag Gaming Community Rules
#1 Be nice to each other
#2 Don't grief, cheat or "troll"
#3 Do not spray any racist/discriminating/porn/nudity/gore/other bad pictures
#4 Listen and respect admins
#5 Use your Microphone properly
#6 Provide constructive criticism
#7 Just because a rule isn't written down, doesn't mean you can break it
You can do little taunts, but don't start a flamewar, dont hurt peoples' feelings. You can be a douche as long as your insults do not target any specific active Slag Gaming player. More info here Anything that is hindering your team's progress, ruining the fun for other players, or attempting to anger fellow players for your own entertainment is not tolerated.This is a community for all kind of players.They are here to help. They also decide who gets banned.If people say that you are annoying with your microphone, please stop using it. Spamming music and sound with your microphone is not allowed: we have made music tokens specifically for this purpose!We want to improve, but being mean with the only intent of demoralizing is just rude! More info here This is maybe a little bit hard to understand. If you think you do something not allowed, ask better before doing it. It can save you trouble.
Image caption Scenes from Cloud Atlas were filmed at city centre locations in Glasgow
A Hollywood film which was partly shot in Glasgow, has its UK premiere in the city later.
Cloud Atlas, which stars Tom Hanks, Halle Berry, Hugh Grant and Ben Whishaw, is based on the best selling novel by David Mitchell.
Its six related stories span from the 19th Century to a near dystopian and eventual post apocalyptic future.
The premiere at the Glasgow Film Theatre is part of the city's annual film festival.
In September 2011 city centre locations in Glasgow were transformed to replicate 1970s San Francisco.
During filming actor Halle Berry was seen clutching a hot water bottle to keep their hands warm.
The Cloud Atlas screening is one of 57 UK premieres that feature at this year's Glasgow Film Festival.
The event, now in its ninth year, runs from 14-24 February and includes 368 film screenings, panel discussions and live performances.
Toronto Police are searching for a man after a 24-year-old woman was sexually assaulted in the Bloor Street West and Euclid Avenue area early Sunday morning.
Police say the woman was walking in the area around 2 a.m. They talked with a man on Bloor, and then made their way south on Euclid.
While on Euclid, they entered an alley and was then grabbed from behind by the man and assaulted. The woman fought back and was able to run away. The man fled the area on foot.
Police describe the man as white, in their 40s, 5'10 or 6'0 with a medium build, a long face and a goatee. They were last seen wearing a black hoodie or sweater and dark pants.
Anyone with information is asked to call the police at 416-808-7474, or to call Crime Stoppers anonymously at 416-222-TIPS (8477).
Easter is almost here. You know what that means, time for the Easter Bunny to leave children all sorts of candy treats in their Easter baskets. The best treat I could think of was the peanut butter eggs! Who is with me?? A very simple treat but oh so delicious!!!
The combination of peanut butter and chocolate is seriously HEAVEN :-). My great grandmother used to make us huge peanut butter eggs for the whole family to eat every Easter. However, we usually didn't see it until it was either half or three quarters eaten because my mother would “accidently” forget to tell us about it. They hid it in the freezer and nibbled away at it. LOL
The Peanut Butter Egg recipe we are making today can make enough for the whole family. They are cute little two bite eggs that even the smallest members of the family will love.
I also like this recipe because it's a good recipe to get the kids involved with. They can help shape the eggs and decorate them after they have been dipped in the chocolate. Plus they will love to see them show up in their Easter baskets on Easter morning.
The recipe is really simple and oh so yummy!
In a large bowl cream together the butter, peanut butter, and cream cheese, then add a pinch of salt and mix in the powdered sugar one cup at a time.
Lay out several cookie sheets lined with parchment or wax paper. Using a 1” cookie scoop, scoop the dough and form a ball into your hand. Shape the ball into a small egg and then place on cookie sheet. Repeat with the rest of the dough. The recipe should make 50 to 55 eggs.
Refrigerate eggs for 18 to 24 hours. You need to do this to let the eggs dry out a bit. Otherwise when you go to coat the eggs in chocolate they will be too soft and fall apart.
After time is up melt chocolate over a double broiler. Don't bring eggs out of fridge until you are ready to coat them in the chocolate. Coat the eggs in chocolate. I used a spoon to cover then and then lifted them out with a fork, shaking off the excess.
Lay them out on a cookie sheet and decorate with sprinkles if desired. Wrap individually with plastic wrap or place place in plastic container layering with wax paper once chocolate has cooled.
I hope you enjoy these peanut butter eggs as much as I do. They are little bites of heaven! The filling is a wonderful creamy peanut buttery bite! Swoon 🙂
Hey everyone,
Following is the p5p (Perl 5 Porters) mailing list summary for the past week, including the first Monday of this week. Enjoy!
I want to take a moment to thank Bulk88 for their help with these summaries.
November 30th - December 7th
Updates
The release of Perl 5.22.1 was postponed to handle and review a few hexfp bugs which were discovered on release of RC3. Steve Hay's post has the voting file link.
Term::ANSIColor 4.04 is released! More information is available in the announcement.
podlators (consisting of Pod::Man and Pod::Text) 4.00 released!
Soon thereafter, versions 4.01, 4.02, and 4.03 were released as well.
The Mac OS 10.9 compiler has compilation problems on ithreads builds since Jarkko Hietaniemi introduced a commit that adds clang thread safety analysis annotations to the perl source code. With the help of Aaron Crane, it was decided to only support this when using a later version of clang.
Bugs
Reported bugs
Resolved bugs
Proposed patches
Bulk88 proposed a revised patch in Perl #126686 (build-time parallelness).
Tony Cook provided a proposed patch for handling unnecessary rebuilds, described in Perl #126710.
Sullivan Beck provided a patch to update Locale::Codes.
Doug Bell provided a patch in Perl #126821 to mention the use of $? in backticks documentation. This patch had already been merged.
Achim Gratz provided a patch in Perl #126834 to fix a Cygwin-related test.
Discussion
Yves Orton suggests setting SVf_POK , SVf_IOK , and SVf_NOK flags only when on setting and not on conversion. This will allow differentiating between what a type is (in a manner of speaking) and how you can use it. The suggestion and the responses are an interesting read that detail some of the difficulties in types in dynamic languages.
Dave Mitchell raised a discussion the semantics of @_ with signature subroutines.
Hanno Böck noted a possibly unnecessary wrapper script generated by Makefile.SH , but as Andy Dougherty explains, it is not as simple as it looks.
Dave Mitchell helped debug Perl #126261 and Karl Williamson provides more details and is working on a fix.
Ed Avis is looking at standardizing more documentation and words with different spellings and pronounciations. Now looking at regex vs. regexp, Ed asks which should be used. Opinions differ, as usual.
Karl Williamson is noting that Porting/bench.pl does not include utf8_heavy.pl in its results.
Karl also inquired about utf8 support in identifier names.
“Blockchain” has been a popular term in the financial industry over the last four years. Countless articles have been written about its benefits, how this innovative technology can change the way business is done and what it means for the future.
Given the abundance of information and commentary out there, how do you separate hype from substance? What's the actual end benefit of blockchain technology and does it have any value beyond Bitcoin?
This two-part series cuts through the noise, deconstructing what a blockchain is at its most fundamental level and exploring the technology's uses in the financial services industry. Part one examines the Bitcoin blockchain and identifies inherent blockchain properties that add value for data integrity, privacy and security. Part two (due out in February) will dig deeper into the benefits of blockchain technology independent of Bitcoin and what a blockchain-like database with systemic integrity can bring to a business.
Blockchain Anatomy 101
Blockchain is often introduced as the technology behind Bitcoin. Though true, this simplified explanation obscures the fact that blockchain technology is a rigorous system that creates certain desirable properties and has a variety of potential applications beyond Bitcoin.
At the most fundamental level, it's easiest to think of a blockchain (also referred to as a distributed ledger) as a subset of a database, or a data store with special characteristics. In the case of Bitcoin, the basic unit used in the blockchain are transfers of value called transactions. Transactions in this context are similar to the common English usage of the term, that is, an asset (in this case bitcoins) being transferred from one owner to another.
These transactions almost always require signatures which add easy-to-prove authorization. This is done through the use of public-key cryptography, and in Bitcoin's case ECDSA (Elliptical Curve Digital Signature Algorithm). Such signatures are near-impossible to forge as they require immense amounts of computation (think every computer in existence for millions of years) to create without the private key.
Transactions are grouped into what are called blocks. Blocks are the mechanism by which the data store can be checked for consistency. This is done through two mechanisms.
First, all blocks point to a previous block. This allows them to be well-ordered and is the inspiration for the term blockchain. Each block extends a chain of blocks with the obvious exception being the first block, which is called the genesis block. Having an ordering of blocks allows for an ordering of transactions. This is important for auditing and validation purposes.
Standard composition of a blockchain, from the newest block to the genesis block
Second, each block must not only be self-consistent (no conflicting transactions within the block) but also consistent with the network rules (no conflicting transactions with transactions in previous blocks in the chain). This allows anyone with access to the entire blockchain to check that the rules of the network are respected. In addition, any capable machine can check that each new transaction (and thus, each new block) is consistent with all the transactions that came before. In short, any machine on the network has the ability to check the integrity of the database with respect to the network rules.
Bitcoin: The First Decentralized Digital Payment System
The blockchain, combined with something called proof-of-work, gives Bitcoin an extremely desirable property. Because the complete record of every transaction is shared publicly, decentralized and well-ordered through blocks, nobody can cheat by spending bitcoins they don't have (double spending) or creating bitcoins that don't exist. There's a whole network that enforces which blocks/transactions are valid without a central authority. Essentially, Bitcoin is a digital payment system that eliminates the need to trust a third-party intermediary to execute transactions.
Think about that for a moment. Most digital payment systems require you to trust third-parties like banks and credit card providers. Conversely, in-person methods of payment like cash, gold or barter do not require trusted third-parties but they are non-digital and cumbersome in nature. Bitcoin has combined the best characteristics from both worlds.
Eliminating third-party intermediaries from the transaction process, as Bitcoin does, is valuable for three key reasons. First, third-parties have to make money and traditionally, they do this by adding cost to the system. For example, credit card providers take up to 3% of the transaction as fees for their service. Second, using a third-party intermediary adds risk. This may not be apparent when using reputable companies like Visa or Paypal, but the payment space is littered with companies that have gone bankrupt, had accounts seized or hidden insolvency by cooking the books (see Flooz, E-gold or Pay by Touch). Finally, the involvement of third-parties reduces privacy. An In-person cash transaction is nobody's business but the two people involved in the exchange. When a third party enters the picture, they gain access to sensitive personal and financial information.
In addition to its strengths as a decentralized digital payment system, the Bitcoin blockchain is also valuable in that due to proof-of-work, the ledger is immutable (for all practical purposes). That means no one can go back and change numbers around to make things look different. This is great for auditing and ensuring systemic integrity.
Blockchain and the Global Financial System of the Future
It's important to remember that third party intermediaries aren't present only in consumer transactions like buying groceries with a credit card. Thousands of times every second, third-parties help execute the buying/selling of stocks, derivatives, currency, precious metals and other assets. In short, most transactions today require both a third-party intermediary and centralized infrastructure that adds cost, risk and privacy-loss to the transaction.
The question, then, isn't about the utility of blockchains in financial transactions, but whether it is possible to use blockchain's properties to increase privacy while decreasing cost and risk when executing these transactions. When discussing the financial applications of blockchains, there is less interest in the technical specifics as they pertain to Bitcoin. Rather, the excitement is in how blockchain technology's inherent desirable properties can be applied to modernize how assets (beyond bitcoin) move through the global financial system.
Part two, set for release in February, digs deeper into the benefits of blockchain technology (digital exchange of assets without a central authority, practical immutability) without the mechanisms of Bitcoin and what a blockchain-like database with systemic integrity can bring to a business.
NEW STORY: "The Second Door," by Claire O'Connor
Good morning, Fiction Circuits! Today, we've got a story for you that requires you to relax and let your mind sink, sink, sink into the drink, drink, drink. Full fathom five thy story lies!Stand in the sun on a sea-going research vessel and listen to the sound of the gulls and the churning motor of your boat's propellers. Crack a beer. Take something heavy -- a boot, an empty tin can, a cell phone -- and chuck it off the side when the Captain's back is turned. Watch the bit of junk bubble, fall, and plummet out of sight and go down with it in your mind -- down, down past the schools of fish and the sun-dappled porpi. Go down to the very bottom of the ocean floor -- past the sharks, and rays, and tuna -- into the silent pressures of the depths, into the pitch black maw of hell's echo: the ocean. Be silent. Be ready. Relax. Know peace.Look up. Try to imagine the surface above you, miles away, impossible to reach. Know terror and constriction and struggle.Today's tale, "The Second Door," by Claire O'Connor , showcases one of my favorite story techniques: this tale imagines a fascinating, improbable setting, and then tells the story of the only people who could possibly be there. I read this story, and when it started to describe the options of what the main characters could eat for dinner, I said YES YES YES THOSE ARE EXACTLY THE OPTIONS THAT THEY WOULD HAVE TO EAT. THIS STORY DOES RIGHT BY ITSELF AND BY ME!Truth in fiction is not penetrating emotions or perfect sentences: it is well-placed Chicken Cacciatore.Bon appétit!
Almost half of working-age men in Russia who die are killed by alcohol abuse, according to a new medical study which says the country's males die in excessive numbers not just because they drink lots of vodka but because they also consume products containing alcohol, such as eau de cologne, antiseptics and medicinal tinctures. Some products contain 95% alcohol by volume, equating to 200 proof.
An international group of scientists looked at a single city in the Urals to establish the effects of the drinking in Russia. Izhevsk was chosen for being a typical industrial city where life is much the same as elsewhere and where death rates match the Russian average.
Underlying the work was the question of why life expectancy in Russia is so low: in 2004 it was 59 years for men and 72 for women. Due to the low life expectancy and birthrate, the population in Russia is falling by 700,000 a year.
Alcohol has always been an important factor in death and disease in Russia, borne out by fluctuations in the death rates linked to changes in lifestyle and politics, says a report on the study, in the Lancet medical journal.
"President Gorbachev's anti-alcohol campaign in the mid-1980s was associated with an immediate rise in life expectancy, whereas increased alcohol consumption has been linked to rising mortality in the early 1990s during the transition from communism. Deaths related to alcohol, such as acute alcohol poisoning and liver cirrhosis, showed the greatest fluctuations, with similar trends for other causes plausibly linked to alcohol consumption."
A study published last year found that Russians, and inhabitants of other former parts of the Soviet Union, drank more than anybody else in the world - an estimated 15.2 litres of pure alcohol per capita each year for over-15s. They also drank more dangerously and were prone to binges, known as zapoi, meaning two or more days of continuous drunkenness.
David Leon, of the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, and colleagues examined records and interviewed the families of 1,750 men who had died in Izhevsk from 2003-05. The men were compared with 1,750 who were still alive. They found that problem drinkers and those who drank alcohol not intended for consumption were six times more likely to have died young than those who did not have a drinking problem. The chances of an early death were particularly high for those who got their alcohol from eau de cologne and other unorthodox sources - they were nine times more likely to die.
The authors say that men impoverished after losing a job through drinking may be forced to resort to drinking household products containing pure alcohol. Among those who were still alive, 47% who drank such products were jobless compared with 13% who stuck to vodka and beer.
Overall, 43% of deaths of men aged 25 to 54 were caused by alcohol, a figure that could be extrapolated to all of Russia because of the typical nature of Izhevsk. An estimate in 2002 put the death toll at 27%. The authors say their higher figures could be due to taking into account drinking of household products with very high levels of alcohol, as well as binges.
"Almost half of all deaths in working-age men in a typical Russian city may be accounted for by hazardous drinking," they write. "Our analyses provide indirect support for the contention that the sharp fluctuations seen in Russian mortality in the early 1990s could be related to hazardous drinking as indicated by consumption of non-beverage alcohol."
A separate commentary points out that people who get their alcohol from household products often live in poor housing and have bad diets, which could contribute to their chances of an early demise. It adds that illegally produced alcoholic beverages are also widely consumed.
The Kremlin is acutely aware of the epic scale of alcoholism. Ministers call it a "national tragedy". Although President Vladimir Putin has presided over a period of spectacular economic growth since 2000, they have so far not persuaded Russians to drink less.
The government has recently cracked down on rogue distillers. Yesterday the federal tax service suspended the licence of several factories producing "alcohol and ethyl alcohol products", saying they had not complied with a law requiring data on how much alcohol each bottle holds.
Russian alcoholics - drinking perfume, aftershave and cheap local alcohol - face great dangers. In winter, newspapers are invariably full of stories of drunks who have died after falling through icy ponds or collapsing in the snow.
According to 2005 figures, Russia has about 2,348,567 registered alcoholics, and alcohol is being linked to 72% of murders and 42% of suicides. The World Health Organisation rates the country as one of the most alcoholic in the world.
'Ultimately it's a disease of the soul'
Case study: Saviley Vlasov, 35, was a heavy drinker after leaving the army in their mid-20s. Now recovering, they work as a courier in Moscow
I started drinking when I was 14. I was a shy teenager, but after a night of drinking I became sociable. I got a new nickname, new friends and even a girlfriend. I started drinking heavily when I left the Russian army at the age of 25. It was 1992.
Every time I touched a drop of alcohol I couldn't stop drinking. I was helpless. I had just one purpose: to find alcohol. It was my only goal.
I would drink until I could no longer stand up. My relatives gave me money. I would normally drink for two or three days continuously. After that I'd collapse. Then I'd lie down for a week. Then I'd start drinking again.
This went on for several years. I'd look for money, steal it, borrow it, or get it from other drinkers. I mostly drank very cheap vodka. It's easily available in Russia, it tastes like industrial spirit.
On one occasion I set myself alight. I almost died. I woke up, and I didn't know where I was or how I got there. On another occasion I nearly fell out of the window of my Moscow flat.
I didn't have a girlfriend. I just drank alone at home and watched TV. My relatives thought I was a madman. They were waiting for me to go mad and put me in a hospital.
My entire universe became distorted. I started to measure someone only by alcohol - whether they were someone I could share 50g of vodka with. At my father's suggestion I went to Alcoholics Anonymous. But only once. Afterwards I carried on drinking, for two years.
Eventually I ran out of drinking companions and stopped. I've now been dry for eight years.
I'm not sure why alcoholism is such a big problem here in Russia. It happens elsewhere too. But ultimately it's a disease of the soul. Men and women drink in Russia because they don't have any spiritual goals. They have nothing to live for.
During my darkest moments, the whole meaning of my existence was to get alcohol. That was it. It was an unending struggle. Those years are still a blur to me.
Late in the fourth quarter on Friday night, Cal quarterback Zach Maynard took a sack. It was relatively normal on the surface -- Maynard tried to evade oncoming rushers, was grabbed low from behind and went down as two other Washington players cleaned up the mess. It didn't look particularly bad as it happened in real-time but Maynard didn't get up, instead writhing on the ground in pain.
If you don't know exactly what you're looking for, the cause of their injury might not stand out. It might look somewhat normal, like defenders going high-low as often happens in a pileup at the line of scrimmage.
But look a little closer. Watch Danny Shelton, the Washington defensive lineman who goes low on Maynard.
This is a gator roll. It's not unlike the death roll an alligator uses to extinguish its prey. The concept is simple: Grab ahold of the legs and roll hard. The force results in, well ... you saw the video.
Maynard's injury came as a result of an incredibly dirty play. It's not as though Shelton was using the gator roll to take them down. Instead, Maynard was already down -- with two other Washington players on top -- when Shelton followed through with the gator roll.
There's no place for this. Though there's been no word of the extent of Maynard's injury, it looked serious -- they stayed down for quite some time and ended up leaving the field on a cart after being helped to the sideline. And there's no other way to describe the tackle that caused Maynard's injury than dirty.
Check the national college football scoreboard right here, and look through SB Nation's many excellent college football blogs to find your team's community.
Follow @SBNationCFB
As this week is the 2016 International LA Autoshow and there will be numerous car launches and announcements, it comes as no surprise that Jaguar is launching a new car. This new car, the Jaguar I-Pace, is the technological and cultural successor to the company's F-Pace SUV. The I-Pace is a completely redesigned vehicle from the ground up and features a fully electric power train and new modern design that accounts for being fully electric. The I-Pace Concept is essentially a direct competitor to Tesla's Model X P90D with a dual motor design and 90 kWh battery that puts out an equivalent of about 400 Horsepower and 700 ft. lbs. of torque. What does any of this have to do with VR?
Because Jaguar decided to announce the new I-Pace electric SUV completely in VR using presenters, 3D models, diagrams, animations and designs completely in VR. The way Jaguar did it was through HTC Vive headsets placed at every table, with 6 people sitting at a table each with their own HTC Vive headset, headphones and single Vive controller.
To create this experience Jaguar partnered with the Imagination Agency with help from REWIND and technology partners HTC and Dell. HTC supplied the headsets and Dell supplied the Dell Precision 7900 workstations with NVIDIA GTX 1080s inside to power the experience built by REWIND for Jaguar, Imagination's customer. The first thing they had us do during the launch was to put on our headsets. We could see all the other people at our table with avatars that looked like color-coded representations of people's headsets.
This way you could see your table mates and then a mini slot car track showed up where each person at the table could play slot cars with each other until the launch itself began. This was semi-competitive and was a fun little mini-game and distraction until the main event began. At our table, it immediately sparked some conversation and interaction between people as their little Jaguar slot cars flew off the track.
Once that was over, a presenter who showed up by way of live local video feed got all our attention and I noticed that you could see all the people around you at all the other tables as well. Everyone's ‘avatar' of their headset was visible and could be individually identified by color and table. They did this for 66 people at the same time, which is a feat in of itself because we were all interconnected.
Eventually, the feed started and the presenter got everyone's attention starting to talk about the journey of how Jaguar reached this point in their evolution, and introduced Jaguar's famous designer to talk about designing the car. This included showing interactive sketches, wire meshes, battery packs, motors and other parts of the car that allowed you to fully interact with the objects as they talked about them. You could see the other people doing the same across the room all interacting with the same 3D models individually. The amazing part was how well all of the headsets were interconnected and how we could wave to two groups of people participating from the UK, sans the typical broadcast audio delay, everything was perfect and there was no noticeable lag, anywhere, at all.
Additionally, Jaguar had a finished prototype of the vehicle for users to look inside in VR, without ever having to see the car in person. Thankfully, they snuck a real-world version of the vehicle into the room while we were all sitting in VR. The overall design, implementation and explanation of everything about the Jaguar I-Pace was nearly perfectly executed in VR by Jaguar and Imagination. It gave me a sense of engagement and immersion with a product I never had before. So many people walked out of that experience sold on the vehicle's attributes, design and performance even though they didn't even know the price.
Jaguar did not talk about price, but they did say that this car will be available to consumers in the second half of 2018, just around the same time as many of their other competitors. OnePlus did the first VR launch to my knowledge with Google cardboard with a 360-degree video and Facebook did a semi-VR launch with the GearVR at MWC earlier this year. But Jaguar has once again raised the bar for VR launched with these HTC Vive interactive experiences. I really do not believe that product launches will ever be the same again. Jaguar says that the I-Pace Concept VR experience will also be available through Viveport “in due course.” Jaguar is inviting people to express their interest in the I-Pace finished vehicle based on the concept on their website.
Disclosure: My firm, Moor Insights & Strategy, like all research and analyst firms, provides or had provided research, analysis, advising, and/or consulting to many high-tech companies in the industry, including Dell Technologies, NVIDIA and others cited this article. I do not hold any equity positions with any companies cited in this column.
Tagged with: 2016, dell, GTX 1080, htc, launch, nvidia, Vive, VR
A SCRAP of paper found at a home raided in connection with a Sydney terror plot could give police more information about the plan a would-be terror team had to bring down a flight.
The small piece of evidence was found in a wheelie bin outside the Lakemba home raided by police over the weekend over the suspected terror plot by four men to bomb a plane departing Australia, possibly using a meat mincer.
While searching the address on Monday, police uncovered a flight release slip, which featured a flight code for a Jakarta to Sydney route inside a wheelie bin outside the home the Daily Telegraph reports.
According to the Telegraph, a letter addressed to another property that was raided was also collected as evidence by police.
The Lakemba property was one of five raided in suburbs across Sydney over the weekend in connected to what authorities have described as a “very sophisticated plot”.
A pair of fathers and son would-be terror teams were arrested on Saturday afternoon over the alleged plot, and will remain in detention for up to a week as police comb through evidence.
The four men's plan was thwarted when authorities picked up a “small piece of intelligence” about the possible plot to smuggle an improvised explosive device onto an international flight bound for the Middle East. Authorities say the plot was “Islamist inspired”.
The Daily Telegraph has reported the bomb may have been disguised as a kitchen meat grinder, that was to be carried in hand luggage onto a flight departing Sydney.
Other media reports suggested it could have been a “non-traditional” device that would have distributed poisonous gas within the plane.
A kitchen device used to make sausages was among items seized in raids in five separate homes across Sydney over the weekend. Mobile phones and documents were also taken from the properties.
Police decided to arrest the men on Saturday after a period of surveillance, deciding the risk to public safety was high.
Authorities have declined to comment on whether Austrailan intelligence was tipped of by authorities overseas bevore they arrested the men.
NSW Police and AFP officers swooped on five properties in the suburbs of Surry Hills, Lakemba, Wiley Park and Punchbowl on Saturday afternoon.
The four arrested, believed to be two groups of father and son, linked by marriage, are being held by AFP for an additional period of detention.
The men had previously been unknown to police and security agencies.
Speaking with ABC radio on Monday, Justice Minister Michael Keenan said authorities had uncovered what appeared to be a “very sophisticated plot” and would have taken “extensive planning”.
A magistrate granted an extension, allowing authorities to hold the men for up to seven days while a complex investigation continues.
The thwarted plan has affected travel all around Australia, with authorities enforcing extra security measures following the threat.
Travellers have been warned to arrive two hours before their domestic flight because of “additional scrutiny”.
Those flying internationally will need to arrive three hours before their flight is scheduled, with security experts expecting the arrangements will be in place for the foreseeable future.
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said the threat of terror in Australia was “very real”.
NSW Police Commissioner Mick Fuller said police had to act when they did.
“With terrorism you can't wait, you can't wait to put the whole puzzle together, you do have to go early because if you get it wrong the consequences are severe,” they said.
“You need to make the decision at some stage, when is the right time to go. Both (Australian Federal Police) and NSW Police agreed last night was the right time to go.”
AFP Commissioner Andrew Colvin confirmed the threat involved an improvised device and was Islamist inspired.
“We've taken this threat very seriously,” they said on Sunday.
“You should infer that we think this was credible and there was an intention, and there was quite possibly a capability as well.”
Speaking on Monday, Mr Colvin would not specify whether the would-be terrorists had planned to blow up an international or a domestic flight, saying the threat was “non specific”.
They said extra security measures were being enforced at both airports.
“Australians should be very confident in the security apparatuses that we have at our airports,” they said. “What we are doing, and what you're seeing now, is making sure there is extra vigilance.”
Prime Minister Turnbull said airport security measures had been increased for public safety.
“The tight co-operation and collaboration between our intelligence and security agencies is the key to keeping Australians safe from terrorism,” they said.
Travellers were warned to expect delays and increased scrutiny at all Australian departure points after security measures were “intensified”. “Some of that will be visible, some of it will not be visible, but it will take more time,” Mr Turnbull said.
In Surry Hills and Lakemba, where the men were arrested, neighbours have expressed shock.
“Never in my life would I have expected this ... they're a very nice family,” one Surry Hills neighbour said.
Another leak in the Southern California Gas Co. natural gas storage field above Porter Ranch was fixed shortly after it was discovered, officials said Wednesday. But it didn't come without renewed demands to shut the facility down.
The leak was in a pipeline near a well called SS 10.
“On Saturday, during routine daily well inspections at the Aliso Canyon storage facility, SoCalGas personnel detected a minor, nonhazardous leak near one of the wells at the site,” SoCalGas spokesperson Melissa Bailey said in a statement. “Company personnel … determined the source of the gas to be a small leak from a nearby, buried 3-inch diameter pipeline not associated with the well's operation.”
•RELATED STORY: Porter Ranch gas leak: ‘Make sure that this never happens again,' officials say
A crew isolated the leak, stopped the flow of gas, and repairs were made Sunday, they said.
State and local regulators and agencies, including L.A. City and L.A. County Fire, were contacted.
And officials from the South Coast Air Quality Management District and the state's Division of Oil, Gas & Geothermal Resources also were at the site and investigated the leak, Bailey said.
“This was a very small leak and did not present a safety risk to SoCalGas employees or nearby communities,” they said.
Regulators confirmed the leak was stopped, said Division of Oil, Gas & Geothermal Resources spokesperson Don Drysdale, in an email.
The state's Department of Emergency Services also issued a hazardous material spill notice on the leak.
SoCalGas did not notify residents or the media of the leak.
“The leak indication was minor,” Bailey said. “The minor nature of the release did not trigger any external notifications.”
A leak discovered in late October at well SS 25 — also at Aliso Canyon — took months to stop and resulted in the nation's biggest release of the greenhouse gas methane.
The leak was finally stopped on Feb. 11. But not before it forced a thousand of residents from their homes, and many complained of adverse health effects, including headaches and bloody noses.
The leak discovered over the weekend drew a quick response from a group of Porter Ranch residents and environmental activists, who renewed their demand for permanently closing the Aliso storage facility, which can hold 86 billion cubic feet of gas.
“SoCalGas continues to demonstrate that the Aliso Canyon storage facility is in disrepair and continues to pose a threat to our community and climate,” said Matt Pakucko, president of Save Porter Ranch, in a statement. “We need Gov. Brown to order the permanent closure of Aliso Canyon so that our families can return home without having to relive the trauma caused by the gas blowout from October. Nothing less than the permanent shutdown of Aliso Canyon will give our community the peace of mind it deserves.”
•RELATED STORY: Cleanup of Porter Ranch homes resumes after health department lifts stop-work order
The environmental organization Food & Water Watch also issued a statement critical of the gas company.
“Since the gas blowout that caused over 15,000 people to be displaced from their homes was finally capped, residents have been exposed to ongoing releases of chemical odorants, and now, to more leaks from Aliso Canyon,” the statement said. “It's clear that SoCalGas has lost control of their facility and is unable to prevent future disasters or pollution from affecting the nearby community and the planet,” Alexandra Nagy, the organization's Southern California organizer, said in a statement.
The Chromecast isn't a box -- it's tiny, the size of a USB thumb drive. ©Justin Sullivan/Getty Images
Most streaming media junkies already have some experience getting entertainment on their TV sets from Netflix, Hulu Plus, YouTube or the like. You can do it with gaming systems, DVRs, Blu-ray players, smart TVs that have streaming hardware built in and set-top boxes specifically designed for streaming, such as the Roku. But with the launch of Chromecast in July 2013, Google jumped into the streaming media game.
Chromecast is an enlarged thumb drive-sized dongle that plugs into a modern television set's HDMI (High-Definition Multimedia Interface) port and allows you to stream (or rather cast) media from your existing computer or mobile device through your home WiFi network and onto your TV screen. You can play movies and TV shows with resolution as high as 1080p, listen to music through your entertainment center's sound system and even throw Web pages onto your TV screen in some cases.
Your phone, tablet, laptop or desktop acts as the initial launching site for the entertainment and as the remote for controlling what you see and hear on your TV screen. Provided you already have as suitable device running a compatible operating system and have WiFi through a compatible router, you get all this functionality for the cost of the Chromecast, which as of its debut was priced below most similar streaming devices at $35 retail.
Read on to find out what makes this tiny but powerful device tick.
Bollywood actor Shahrukh Khan stars in a Fair & Handsome advert.
A YouTuber shows how to apply skin-lightening cream "Fair & Lovely Max Fairness".
If Indians were 'White', would there be a 'Dark and Sexy'? Here are some brands to stoke our inferiority complex. pic.twitter.com/dkhGEsYShT — abhay deol (@AbhayDeol) 5 août 2014 The actor Abhay Deol commenting on different skin-lightening products on Twitter.
In Indian supermarket aisles there is an abundance of different skin-lightening products: moisturisers, soaps and cleansers. Now skincare brands are moving away from the saturated market of products aimed at women, and are directly targeting a male customer base. In their adverts, white, or whiter, skin is associated with sucess – in one's professional as well as romantic life.There has already been a backlash against these skin-lightening creams that market whiter skin as a standard of beauty. The organisation Women of Worth started the "Dark is beautiful" campaign in 2009, as a way of promoting darker skin.And for the last few months, the organisation has started to focus its efforts on men, as more and more men start to use these products. The grooming industry for men in India has grown by 40 percent over the last five years, with the skin-lightening product Fair & Handsome the best-selling product.Several famous Bollywood actors, such as Abhay Deol or Harshvardhan Rane, are using their celebrity status to speak out on social media against this beauty trend. They criticise other actors , like Shahrukh Khan, who earn money from promoting racist adverts.In 2013, Women of Worth launched a petition against an advert by Indian cosmetics brand Emami. In one famous case, a 67-year-old man from Kerala in the south west of India took a cosmetics company, and the actor promoting its skin-lightening products, to court for false advertising. They were awarded damages of 30,000 rupees in January 2016 [equivalent to about 430 euros].
Straight from the horse's mouth:
Apple® today announced that Dr. Eric Schmidt, chief executive officer of Google, is resigning from Apple's Board of Directors, a position they have held since August 2006. “Eric has been an excellent Board member for Apple, investing their valuable time, talent, passion and wisdom to help make Apple successful,” said Steve Jobs, Apple's CEO. “Unfortunately, as Google enters more of Apple's core businesses, with Android and now Chrome OS, Eric's effectiveness as an Apple Board member will be significantly diminished, since they will have to recuse themselves from even larger portions of our meetings due to potential conflicts of interest. Therefore, we have mutually decided that now is the right time for Eric to resign their position on Apple's Board.”
On the board for two years? I can't imagine how uncomfortable Dr. Schmidt must have been on the board, especially taking into consideration Android and the upcoming Chrome OS. Granted, I have decided come up with a few plausible reasons for theirs staying on the board, in spite of the (inferred) awkwardness. No supplementary Photoshopped images or anything – I'd just much do this than answer hundreds of e-mails at work. Also, you'll notice that I was not afraid to dodge Occam's Razor:
(1) Shareholders. Shareholders. Shareholders.
(2) Dr. Schmidt and Steve Jobs are actually brothers and they must unite for the inevitable rise of the machines. Little did Jobs know that Schmidt – after all of this time – is the creator of the machine. Bill Gates shakes their head in disappointment.
(3) The “Board of Directors” is actually a contraption developed by Nikola Tesla. And though it appeared to be the prestigious Dr. Eric Schmidt on the Board the entire time, it was actually their unknown twin brother, Mr. Derek Schmidt. Everything was going fine until now. Now, it's simply a magic trick gone wrong.
(4) After the announcement of Chrome OS, Jobs discovered that Dr. Schmidt was also planning to create a new video game. Jobs then miraculously found a way to trap Dr. Schmidt in said game. In an attempt to not shed any light on the matter, Apple tried their best to avoid jumping into any news cycles.
(5) Eric. I am your father. After they had searched their feelings, they knew it to be true.
Any other ideas?
A member of Hawaii's House of Representatives is criticizing an ambitious, federally funded sex education program currently in use in 12 of the state's public schools.
The pilot curriculum, called “Pono Choices,” targets 11- to 13-year-old students. (“Pono” is a Hawaiian word that basically means “good” or “moral.”) Its creators include the University of Hawaii and, of course, Planned Parenthood.
Rep. Bob McDermott, a Hawaii Republican, claims that the curriculum is “not age appropriate and not consistent with state policy” for a slew of reasons, reports EAGnews.org.
McDermott's biggest complaint is that the curriculum is wrong on a pretty major point: It defines the anus a “genital.”
“Genitals are sexual reproductive organs,” McDermott told EAGnews, “and the ass isn't that.”
Beyond the sad and hilarious inaccuracy involved in calling any anus a genital, the state representative notes that any discussion of oral sex — defined as “mouth on genitalia” — becomes pretty troublesome for inquisitive middle schoolers who reflect on the concept.
Mouth-on-anus sex acts can lead to all manner of infections and parasite digestion that no 11-year-old wants.
McDermott asserts, the 60-hour “Pono Choices” curriculum fails to mention any dangers related to analingus.
“It's either gross negligence or a purposeful omission,” they told EAGnews.
In their report entitled “The Pono Choices Curriculum: Sexualizing the Innocent,” the member of congress alleges that the curriculum presents male-on-male anal sex as just conventionally good, clean living—to 11-year-olds.
The report says:
“In the module on ‘Preventing Sexually Transmitted Infections,' students are instructed to estimate the relative risk of HIV transmission for numerous varied activities, from hugging to anal sex. Both vaginal sex with a condom and anal sex with a condom are rated as low risk activities. Unprotected vaginal sex is rated as high risk activity. The risk level of anal sex without a condom, however, is not addressed.”
They note that the Federal Drug Administration warns Americans, on its website, that anal sex is “simply too dangerous to practice.” They also observe that virtually no 11-year-olds are engaging in or thinking about having anal sex. Thus, it's a bit odd to focus so much of this age group's academic energy on anal sex.
Pono Choices has received nearly $1 million in federal funding from the Department of Health and Human Services.
McDermott's report offers a multitude of additional criticisms as well.
For example, they note that in Hawaii the sexual penetration of a minor under the age of 14 — anal or otherwise — is a a class A felony. So, if, for example, a 13-year-old boy decides to try out what they learn in school with an 11-year-old girl in the afternoon, they would be committing a crime.
The curriculum also never makes a single mention of the benefits of monogamous relationships.
In addition, as the Honolulu Civil Beat reports, McDermott and state Sen. Sam Slom say the Hawaii Department of Education and University of Hawaii intentionally stonewalled attempts by the two elected representatives to access the materials related to the comprehensive pilot sex education program.
Follow Eric on Twitter and on Facebook, and send education-related story tips to erico@dailycaller.com.
Manchester United's capture of Marouane Fellaini has split opinion amongst supporters
In a Manchester restaurant late on Monday evening a group of United supporters were overheard loudly lamenting the club's transfer policy amid a myriad of failed bids for that elusive box-to-box midfielder. Dessert was ruined as news filtered through of an attempt to sign Ander Herrera having faltered, while for one diner coffee has never tasted more bittersweet than when the yellow ticker confirmed that Marouane Fellaini had become the club's fourth most expensive signing ever at £27.5million, some £4million over their release clause that expired on July 31. When the bill arrived another was heard to mutter 'the food here is terrible - and such small portions'.
That story borrowed heavily from Annie Hall and there is a pervading sense that another Woody Allen quote, 'confidence is what you have before you understand the problem' best describes a summer transfer window overseen by David Moyes and vice-chairperson Ed Woodward. From calamitous to disastrous to plain incompetent the epitaphs have not made pretty reading. The spectres of Sir Alex and David Gill are proving as haunting to their successors as Don Revie's was to Brian Clough back in 1974.
Fellaini's signature has been interpreted by many to be almost an afterthought. Moyes settling for a Bully Tankard when if he'd gambled they might have woken up on Tuesday morning with a spanking new speedboat on their drive. Super, smashing, not so great. Moyes has conceded he's operating in a different market these days and at times he's had the look of the lottery winner not quite sure of the etiquette in Harrods. It's a point perhaps best illuminated by Michael Calvin in their book The Nowhere Men, via an interview with Moyes' head of technical scouting at Everton, James Smith: "If Manchester City waste twenty million, which they've actually done at times, it doesn't really matter in the big scheme of things. So twenty on Jo, twenty on Roque Santa Cruz. If Everton waste £20million we'll wait a long time to get anything like that again. David Moyes spends the money likes it's their own."
It's a philosophy that tends to be appreciated in boardrooms and would explain a reluctance to meet Herrera's buyout clause set at £30.5million by Athletic Bilbao.
Purported failed bids for Thiago Alcantara, Cesc Fabregas, Leighton Baines, Fabio Coentrao, Sami Khedira, Gareth Bale, Luka Modric, Wesley Sneijder and Herrera may give the impression of a manager operating with wanton abandon but it stretches credulity to breaking point to suggest Moyes is picking targets by sticking a pin in their Rothmans. Say what you like about the Scot but their professionalism is unimpeachable. The research that went into potential signings at Everton was exhaustive to the nth degree, according to Calvin: "Moyes has produced what they call an 'MOT Test', where players are judged against a checklist of up to 12 criteria for each position. The optimum aim is to have up to 50 reports on a primary transfer target, written by between ten and twelve scouts'. To their detractors their whispered moniker of Dithering Dave is well earned but as Arsene Wenger is always quick to attest, it's better to buy right than to buy big.
United supporters may have preferred Mesut Ozil to Fellaini but there's not much call for speedboats in Manchester.
Ferguson may have ruled the club with an iron fist in an iron glove but their relationship with their players was fatherly at times, albeit with adoption papers always close to hand. The trust they held in their senior players is well documented and yet Moyes' bond with their former charges is seen as a slight rather than strength. Fellaini has become shorthand for 'safe', but at £27.5million is safe not a good thing?
Had Herrera, who if reports are to be believed will be targeted again in January, been snared on deadline day the mood would have been jubilant. That they are a fine player is not in question but in Moyes' bedding-in-period, does a 24-year-old Spanish schemer without full senior international honours and alien to the frenetic pace of the Premier League and English culture really represent a more measured purchase than Fellaini?
Moyes and Fellaini may be well acquainted but the Belgian knows not to expect kid gloves in Manchester: "He is a decent man, a great manager, but believe me they can be tough. If you want to win something, to create a good team you have to be hard sometimes with the players - football is like this.
"I remember when I was banned after the Stoke game, they gave everyone the day off - everyone: The players, the entire staff - but I came to the training camp to do a training session with him. It was just me and him, and it is not easy to go into the camp to face them like that.
"He put me through a tough session... it was a full-on session, running, shooting, passing, everything and very intense, and afterwards I was upset. I said afterwards, 'Arggh, this is bad', but I am happy when they looked after me, so I understand."
Adrian Durham remains sceptical in the Daily Mail: 'Let me start with a question: would Sir Alex Ferguson have signed Marouane Fellaini? No doubt Fergie made some dubious signings in their time, but I just don't think they would see the Belgian as United quality. I'll leave you to ponder it.'
Disregarding the fact their own paper said Ferguson was readying a bid in February, the general consensus seems to be Fellaini, who is considering trademarking 'awkward' a la Bale and their crap goal celebration, may do a job at United but is not a player capable of elevating them in any way whatsoever.
In terms of aesthetics it's a fair point but given football is not solely about artistic endeavours, the fact he's a beast of a man rather than a poet of a player is unlikely to lead to a point deduction for United, despite the protestations of the purists. However backhanded Ferguson's praise of Fellaini was after Everton beat United on the opening day of last season the fact it exists at all says a lot. "Fellaini is a handful.  They are a big, tall, gangly lad and they just lumped the ball forward to him. That's all they did. They worked from that base all the time and they got a goal from him, so it's justified." For those United fans that pine for the nastiness that has laid dormant in their midfield since Roy Keane bid their farewells, Fellaini is not dissimilar to another old favourite Norman Whiteside in this respect.
A common assumption is that Fellaini is too cumbersome and squanders possession too readily to be effective at the highest level but this season, when used by Roberto Martinez in their preferred position as a holding midfielder, their passing accuracy eclipses both Michael Carrick and Tom Cleverley. Indeed, against Norwich on the opening day Fellaini attempted their most ever passes in an Everton shirt at 81 with 91 per cent accuracy, up from a 79.29 average in 2012/13.
Premier League 2013/14 Player Games Successful passes Failed passes Pass accuracy Marouane Fellaini 3 196 24 89.09% Tom Cleverley 3 182 26 87.50% Michael Carrick 3 174 29 85.71%
Fellaini has said: "Sometimes I look at myself and ask, 'What is my best position?' I think it's a defensive midfielder, that's the best one. The manager (Moyes) might like it sometimes when I play up front because I can cause trouble for the defenders, but for me my best position defensive midfield - stopping the opposition and then looking to impose myself on a game."
The absence of Shinji Kagawa from United's line-up has proved worrying for many supporters and the signing of Fellaini is only likely to exacerbate such frustration given he's almost an exact diametric opposite of the Japanese midfielder. Where Moyes chooses to employ Fellaini will be fascinating given they spent last season as the world's hardest No.10 behind either Nikica Jelavic or Victor Anichebe. The fear is that the predilection Moyes showed at times at Everton to go direct will be even more tempting now United have a clear target to hit. However, for Fellaini to regularly be in the position to knock down for Robin van Persie it would likely mean Wayne Rooney cast as the fall guy, which seems unlikely given the extent the club has gone to to keep him.
Rather than look at Fellaini's prowess in the air as a potential long ball trap to fall into, why not embrace it as a potential get out of jail free card? A lack of invention was the cry of despair at Liverpool on Sunday, but this claim conveniently forgot that this was the quintessential United performance at Anfield. It wasn't great but then they rarely are. In terms of effectiveness, had United hit Fellaini in the box on Sunday in the last 20 minutes there are few players in the Premier League who'd panic Daniel Agger and Kolo Toure as much as the new boy.
Premier League 2012/13 Player Games Goals Shots Assists Chances created Aerial duels won Michael Carrick 36 1 12 4 37 17 Marouane Fellaini 31 11 65 5 40 151 Tom Cleverley 22 2 14 2 19 4
There's no question Fellaini splits opinion and while a lack of Champions League experience leaves a question mark over their ability to mix it in Europe's premier club competition there's little disputing their effectiveness on a domestic level. A lack of goals from the centre of United's midfield was a conundrum Sir Alex failed to solve in their final years at Old Trafford and this is an area where Fellaini should be able to add real value. They bagged 11 in the league last term, compared to the three Carrick and Cleverley shared. That they attempted 65 shots compared to 12 and 14 respectively says much about their advanced role at Everton but as a punchier presence, as opposed to the neat and tidy but all too often peripheral Cleverley, they should complement Carrick nicely. Carrick's game management remains a joy to behold and their intelligence and ability to know when to hold will be key as Fellaini looks to find their feet in the next few months.
Fellaini may be neither the name nor type of player to provoke the scenes of jubilation seen in north London upon Ozil's capture, but in terms of Moyes' first major signing don't bet against them proving to be as savvy a buy as it is safe over the next few years.
The Prime Minister, Justin Trudeau, today unveiled Canada's Adjusted Growth Strategy and Investment Strategy, both focused on strengthening the Canadian economy. These strategies are based on key commitments to invest in the economy to create jobs, strengthen the middle class, and help those working hard to join it. The announcement of the two strategies comes as the Prime Minister meets with other G20 leaders in Antalya, Turkey.
Canada's Adjusted Growth Strategy will strengthen the economy by making it more competitive, creating jobs, and enhancing skills training.
Canada's Investment Strategy supports a strong economy through high-quality, historic investments, particularly in transit, green, and social infrastructure.
These strategies include transformative infrastructure investments, a reduction in the federal small business tax rate, and targeted investments in new jobs and skills training, including improved support for youth and Indigenous peoples. They also include the Government's new innovation approach, a tax cut for the middle class, and investments in families with the creation of the Canada Child Benefit.
The strategies also demonstrate Canada's contribution to the G20's overarching objective of strong, sustainable, and balanced growth. In its role as Co-chair of the G20 Framework for Strong, Sustainable and Balanced Growth Working Group, Canada is encouraging G20 members to remain committed to the implementation of their growth strategies which, if fully implemented, are expected to lift the G20's collective gross domestic product by two per cent by 2018.
Quote
“Working with my fellow G20 leaders, we can strengthen the global economy and, in turn, ensure all Canadians have a real and fair chance to succeed. When the middle class has more money to save, invest, and grow the economy, we all benefit, and I am proud to share a new and positive Canadian vision for stronger growth and investment. We are committed to working with our G20 partners to make a real and valuable contribution to a more peaceful and prosperous world.”– Rt. Hon. Justin Trudeau, Prime Minister of Canada
Quick Facts
A key focus of the G20 has been to foster strong, sustainable, and balanced global growth through collective actions.
Canada's Adjusted Growth Strategy is published as part of the set of national adjusted growth strategies G20 members put forward at the Leaders' Summit in Antalya, Turkey, on November 15 and 16, 2015.
Canada's Investment Strategy is published as part of country-specific investment strategies that G20 members put forward at the Antalya Summit.
The G20 is the premier forum for international economic cooperation, with members accounting for 85 per cent of global output and two-thirds of the world's population.
Associated Links
If you're truly book obsessed, this ultimate reading challenge will be right up your alley. Looking to broaden the scope of your reading in 2016? We will help you read a variety of books this year. Whether you want to transport yourself to a distant country or learn something new about a time period, this challenge will make you grow both as a reader and as a person. This challenge is particularly great because we aren't providing you with specific books, just different kinds of books you can try to read. That said, here 30 recommendations that fit some of the criteria if you're looking for examples! Download our printable, and check off the books as you go (then use a site like Goodreads to keep track of what you've read). Pin the handy graphic below for reference, and pass it along to all your book-loving besties! Then share your progress on Instagram with #popsugarreadingchallenge.
Image Source: POPSUGAR Photography
TJ the beagle was found in Boulder after going missing from Fort Collins for seven weeks. (Photo: Courtesy of Boulder Police )
A Fort Collins beagle is rehabilitating in Longmont after being hit by a car and losing their leg during a 7-week "adventure" away from their owner.
TJ, owned by Dave Snyder, 27, of Fort Collins, was found by Boulder Animal Control officers this week after being theirs by a car and suffering serious injuries to their right front and hind legs. The dog was transported to Aspenglow Veterinary Specialty and Emergency Center in Boulder and is now rehabilitating at Aspen Meadow Veterinary Specialists in Longmont after a right hind leg amputation.
"He's now a tripod," Snyder said. "But he's in good spirits."
The beagle ran away from their dog sitter in City Park May 14 and has been missing for almost two months. Snyder adopted the dog about a year ago from Larimer Humane Society.
TJ's history is dark — they were a research beagle in Wyoming for around two years before being rehabilitated and put up for adoption. Snyder said the dog was kept in a cage for the first years of their life and gradually introduced to typical dog experiences, like running in grass, for research purposes.
"He wasn't a normal little guy when we got him," they said. "He didn't bark for over a year. They didn't know what to do with a yard."
Snyder said TJ loves other dogs and their new family but "doesn't trust people."
The Fort Collins man put up fliers "everywhere," put up a Craigslist ad, set up a profile on www.LostMyDoggie.com, went door to door throughout Fort Collins and even hired a private K9 search team to find the dog. They received several calls from people who had "TJ sightings," but the dog ran away from people who tried to catch him. Their collar, which included a number for TJ's microchip, was found in a stranger's yard
Sightings tracked the dog through Laporte, Fort Collins and, eventually, Boulder. Snyder almost caught them near Vern's Place, 4120 County Road 54G, in Laporte. The calls stopped around June 8. Snyder believed the dog to be dead and began mourning their best friend.
Boulder Animal Control found TJ badly injured Wednesday when they responded to reports of a dog being hit by a car and called Snyder using the dog's microchip information. TJ had been seen around Boulder around three weeks.
Their prognosis was unclear Thursday, but the dog pulled through surgery and will be OK — minus a leg. Snyder said TJ will need more surgery to stabilize their front leg, but they hope to bring them home Wednesday.
Snyder has set up an online fundraising page to help with an expected $12,000 in veterinary expenses to save TJ. Putting the dog down "just wasn't an option," they said.
"Even though they were all mangled up, they were happy," they said. "I had to do whatever I could to get them back."
Sarah Jane Kyle is the Coloradoan reporter covering volunteerism, nonprofits and philanthropy. Follow them on Twitter @sarahjanekyle or on Facebook at www.facebook.com/reportersarahjane.
Help
Visit www.giveforward.com and search "TJ's Medical Expenses" to help with TJ's veterinary bill.
Read or Share this story: http://noconow.co/1m0Zklu
Man drives stolen truck into an East Alabama grocery store Copyright by WRBL - All rights reserved Video
WRBL Staff - VALLEY, Ala -- Wild surveillance video captured on Tuesday morning, November 21, 2017, at approximately 3:02 a.m., shows a white truck driving into Givorns Foods located on Fairfax ByPass in Valley.
Upon arrival, Officers discovered that entry had been made through the front glass doors, however no suspects were located in the building. During processing of the scene, video revealed that a white 1999 Dodge Ram 1500 4X4 Extended Cab Truck bearing Georgia tag # AZI 2117 had been driven through the doors and the ATM Machine was loaded into the bed of the truck by two black male occupants of the truck.
Copyright by WRBL - All rights reserved
The truck had been reported stolen on Monday, November 20, 2017, in Duluth, Georgia. The truck should have damage to the front, rear, and both sides. Anyone with information concerning this vehicle or possible suspects may call Valley Police Department at 334-756-5200 or Greater Valley Area Crimestoppers at 334-756-8200.
Condé Nast CEO Chuck Townsend and President Bob Sauerberg Jr. picked a great time to hold the annual publishers meeting in Miami earlier this week: They missed the snowstorm back home.
Unfortunately, they did not miss the firestorm of controversy that erupted around the unveiling of its new native advertising venture, dubbed 23 Stories by Condé Nast.
For the first time, the company announced, it was going to make editors available to work with advertisers to develop “branded content.”
A memo signed by Townsend, Sauerberg and Anna Wintour said that 23 Stories “will leverage the best-in-class talent of the designers, writers and marketers who comprise the 23 stories we now occupy at our new headquarters at 1 World Trade Center to develop proprietary content, videos, insights and experiences for our advertising partners.”
Sources said that the native ad subject, and editors' roles in it, has been a delicate one for months and that Wintour, the Vogue editor-in-chief and the publishing house's artistic director, had been tiptoeing around the subject for months.
The trio had high-level meetings with Vanity Fair Editor-in-Chief Graydon Carter and the New Yorker Editor-in-Chief David Remnick.
(A spokesperson insisted that the high-level meetings were routine and not centered on native ads.)
One insider said that in reality, there is no iron-clad rule that any magazine is automatically included — or automatically excluded. But sources said the New Yorker is not likely to make its editors available to work on ads.
The unit reports to Ed Menicheschi, the former Vanity Fair publisher who is now running the Condé Nast Media Group in charge of pulling in big-ticket advertisers.
Menicheschi told Ad Age that advertisers will have to agree to spend a certain dollar amount before being allowed access to 23 Stories.
Wintour in their statement said, “The industry is evolving and so too is our way of story-telling. “
There is a clear gold rush for native ads. Hearst and Time Inc. already unveiled native ad units within their corporations.
Nylon, the edgy fashion magazine, recently said this week it was going to make Editor-in-Chief Michelle Lee, who came in with the new ownership change last year, in charge of the magazine's native ad push as well.
“We're going to help brands tell their stories,” they said in no uncertain terms. “If I'm working on an ad campaign, I don't think there is any danger I am going to mix it up with editorial. The key here is transparency.”
On Thursday, the Association of National Advertisers, which represents some of the biggest-spending advertisers, acknowledged that “native advertising is one of the hottest and most controversial trends in the industry.”
Washington (CNN) Ivanka Trump corroborated Sen. Bob Corker's denial that they changed their vote in favor of the tax bill for a provision that would benefit them financially -- deemed by critics as the "Corker Kickback."
Fox News' Brian Kilmeade cited an interview with Corker, who said Trump, a top White House adviser in addition to being the President's daughter, played a large role in the behind the scenes negotiations of the GOP tax plan.
When asked about their part in getting the senator to flip, Trump said it had nothing to do with a kickback.
"No, absolutely not," Trump responded.
In the largest overhaul of the current US tax system in 30 years and a major political victory for their pary, Republicans passed their tax plan this week through the House and the Senate. But an International Business Times story alleged the Tennessee Republican would personally benefit from a clause that offered a real estate tax break. Corker voted against an earlier version of the bill.
Read More
Dear Professor Schwyzer,
I was slightly frustrated when I came upon your latest article on the progressive blog Jezebel. At first I was intrigued; with the title “The Popularity and Perfectionism Behind Butt Sex” I assumed it would be an uplifting discussion regarding the recent popularity over anal play. However, what ensued was a shaming discourse regarding anal sex and those who enjoy it.
Whatever the appeal of anal sex (and those who enjoy it give a wide variety of reasons why), even its strongest and most enthusiastic advocates admit that it can be intensely painful, at least the first few times it's tried. “Taking a penis in my ass the first time hurt ten times more than when I lost my virginity,” wrote one woman on the survey. Several others mentioned that doing anal right required far more time, artificial lubrication, and care than any other sex act.
It seems as though you have an apparent disdain for anal sex; your opening sentence is dripping with sarcasm. Sex should not be painful, though it certainly can be. When having vaginal or anal sex for the first time, the tissue of the vagina and the anus can be stretched, leaving the area tender and sore afterward. Masturbating and using anal toys can help stretch out that area comfortably before sex to reduce this soreness. To complicate this, many people – especially teens and young adults – will be under the influence of drugs or alcohol when they engage in anal sex for the first time. Alcohol and drugs serve to lessen our pain receptors and therefore we are not able to accurately gauge what is and is not painful, leaving you waking up in the morning, lamenting that you will never let anything near your butt ever again. Similarly, your phrasing “doing anal right” implies that there is in fact a way to have anal sex that is pleasurable for both partners. Yes, anal sex might require more preparation, more time, the addition of lube –unlike vaginas, anuses do not self-lubricate – and more care, but then I would argue that those descriptions should apply to all sexual acts. Taking these additional steps – though it may seem cumbersome – can ensure a positive experience for both partners. Last but not least, if women feel pressured into having anal sex – or any sex for that matter – then it is not going to be enjoyable. Your butt is a muscle and if you are nervous and tenser than that muscle will be tight and clinched, creating an uncomfortable sexual experience. All sexual acts should have the freely given consent of both partners. Another reason to perhaps account for the increased rates of anal sex among youth has to deal with protecting their virginity. Many teens feel that engaging in anal or oral sex will keep their virginity intact but still allow them to be sexually active. Also, engaging in anal sex alleviates the pressure of potentially getting an unplanned pregnancy; a concern many teens face. Without proper comprehensive sexual education in the schools, these teens might be blithely unaware of how to protect themselves, negotiate their feelings properly, and even enjoy the experience and find pleasure from it.
It's hard not to see the growing popularity of anal sex as yet another manifestation of the pressure on young women to focus on performance rather than on their own pleasure … The payoff of letting your boyfriend fuck you in the ass isn't the humiliation that's eroticized in male-centered pornography. The payoff isn't even the chance to prove your devotion to a guy. Perhaps the greatest incentive to do anal is the chance to prove the all-important capacity to endure pain.
Sex in America, at times, places too much pressure on sexual performance and competency. It is a pressure that men, women, gay straight, old and young struggle with; a pressure that everyone must negotiate with each and every new partner they have. As mentioned earlier, sex should never be painful and no one should have to prove their ability to withstand pain – you do not need to bite the bullet or take one for the team when it comes to anal sex. Young women should be empowered in their sexual choices and should feel comfortable vocalizing their needs to their partner. Anal sex can be pleasurable for women and your blatant dismissal that it could be is a damaging generalization, potentially limiting women in their sexuality.
You then ended your article with a weird extrapolation; you link anal sex to salons and women's athletics, explaining that women are experiencing more stress and physical pain from sports and engaging in more ways to cosmetically alter one's appearance and that this is linked to the stress and injury women face when having anal sex. Women could be experiencing more stress due to rising costs of higher education with little professional aspects and opportunities post-graduation. The stress could also relate to women juggling an ever-increasing load of responsibilities relating to work, school, family and more. The rise and expansion of women's athletics, including the addition of high school/collegiate/professional women's sports and increased grants and financial aid opportunities available to female athletes is an important step in the ongoing struggle for women's equality. Rigorous sports places stress and strain on the body, leaving it open to injury. The rise in injury could also be correlated to the increase of female athletes on the whole – I'm just saying, I have seen some roller derby games and they are crazy. As a former Women's Studies student, I find your conclusions haphazardly made and damaging to women's sexuality. Instead of educating women – and men – about how to make their experiences with anal sex more enjoyable and how to effectively communicate what is and is not pleasurable to their partner, you instead almost adopt this tone that this is womens' lot in life– to resign themselves to a life of pain.
I'm not claiming that your conclusions are drawn incorrectly, merely that it represents one interpretation derived by combining data from a scientifically sound and reputable report, with comments from a facebook post, and extrapolating findings based on that. In the future I would encourage many perspectives in your discourse to present a whole-rounded discussion about a topic.
Thanks for your time,
Chris
Sen. John McCain John Sidney McCainGOP lobbyists worry Trump lags in K Street fundraising Mark Kelly kicks off Senate bid: ‘A mission to lift up hardworking Arizonans' Gabbard hits back at Meghan McCain after fight over Assad MORE (R-Ariz.) on Wednesday said that calls from congressional Democrats to impeach President Trump are not “rational.”
“I don't think very many people take that very seriously,” they said Wednesday, according to The Washington Examiner.
“All I can do is judge the situation as it is. Every day, we are surprised by some other twist and turn of this issue, so I can only respond now and now I do not think that is a rational approach.”
ADVERTISEMENT
Rep. Al Green Alexander (Al) N. GreenThe Hill's Morning Report - Presented by the American Academy of HIV Medicine - Next 24 hours critical for stalled funding talks Democrat vows to move forward with impeachment, dividing their party Citing Virginia race scandals, Dem vows vote to impeach Trump MORE (D-Texas) called for Trump's impeachment on the House floor Wednesday, accusing the president of obstruction of justice.
“I rise today, Mr. Speaker, to call for the impeachment of the President of the United States of America for obstruction of justice,” they said.
“There is a belief in this country that no one is above the law. And that includes the President of the United States of America.”
Democrats urging Trump's impeachment have new energy following a bombshell report about Trump on Tuesday.
The New York Times reported that Trump asked then-FBI Director James Comey to stop the probe of former national security adviser Michael Flynn in February.
Comey wrote in a memo shortly after the meeting that Trump told him, “I hope you can see your way clear to letting this go, to letting Flynn go,” the report said.
The meeting took place on Feb. 14, one day after Flynn resigned, according to The Times, which reported that Comey's memo was part of their effort to create a paper trail.
Comey reportedly intended the trail to document what they saw as Trump's improper influence on the investigation.
The White House is scrambling to contain the fallout from Trump's unexpected firing of Comey last week.
Comey's ouster came amid the FBI's probe of Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election, including possible ties between Russia and Trump's campaign.
If you are worried about the Composite frame...
NOTHING.
Just a small impact scratch in the side of the ASA an scuff on the tip of the barrel. I seem the composite handle "absorbed" the hit actually. it was bad. Pulled the barrel, swung it to clear the dirt, quick squeegee action, and kept on rocking. Even shot a guy. The Gtek Didnt notice. See dammage below:
I took a BAD spill yesterday. Gtek went flying, I tripped over a rock under some leaves while sprinting. Broke my hard plastic Knee pads then tumbled down a hill. I watched my gtek in slo-mo land right on the ASA on a big *** rock sideways after being basically thrown from my hands 10 feet away. the sound it made, had me sick. i walked over expecting the worst. Barrel full of rocks and dirt, and I was expecting an airleak, broken frame or damaged something....NOTHING.Just a small impact scratch in the side of the ASA an scuff on the tip of the barrel. I seem the composite handle "absorbed" the hit actually. it was bad. Pulled the barrel, swung it to clear the dirt, quick squeegee action, and kept on rocking. Even shot a guy. The Gtek Didnt notice. See dammage below: Last edited by OldManCivan : 12-21-2015 at 02:21 PM .
It's good to be "King." Well, most of the time, anyway.
In recent days, the crown has laid heavy on the head of former Strikeforce Light Heavyweight Champion "King Mo" Muhammed Lawal. On top of suffering a nearly life-threatening staph infection in their knee, Lawal was also suspended for a positive drug test for anabolic steroids.
The plot grew even thicker within the past week when Lawal appeared before the Nevada State Athletic Commission (NSAC) to defend themselves against the charges. During the hearing, Lawal was asked by NSAC Commissioner Pat Lundvall if they "speaks English," a question that incensed and offended the former NCAA Division I All-American wrestler.
Lawal went so far as to blast Lundvall and the Commission, calling them a "racist bitch" on Twitter:
@KingMoFH: "I honestly feel like Lundvall was a racist b---- asking me if I can read or speak english. Go on somewhere with that bulls--- b**ch!!!"
Lundvall appeared on HDNet's "Inside MMA," yesterday (April 2, 2012), to discuss the hearing and explain their reasoning behind asking them now infamous line of questioning:
"I was not upset, and I never considered it to be derogatory. What I was doing was laying the classic or standard foundation for the gentleman to make sure that they understood the form that they were signing, that it was designed to be a truthful statement and that the information they were supposed to put on the form was supposed to be true and correct."
According to Lundvall, the loaded question wasn't personal. In fact, it's one that they ask on a regular basis with athletes who have been in similar predicaments:
"From my perspective, I've used that standard line of questioning for each and every athlete that has come before us, when their candor on their pre-fight questionnaire has been an issue. On occasion, we do have fighters that come before us, that have indicated their trainers or maybe someone who was with them at the time or a manager has filled out the form -- that they don't read English, that they don't understand English, which maybe a second or a third language for them. What we try to do is to ensure that, if we're going to be taking that into account, that they do understand what it is that they're signing and that they have read it."
It ended up being too little, too late (as most fans now know that Lawal was cut by Zuffa immediately after their comments), but "King Mo" did make a statement, apologizing to Lundvall and the NSAC.
According to Lundvall, the apology is news to her:
"Well, number one: Mr. Lawal has not contacted me. But, if they did, I would take their call, and I very much would be happy to hear from him. To the extent that you have now informed me of something, I was not aware that they had expressed an apology. I'm thankful that they have, and I wish them the very best and was so happy also to learn in that you just reported that the staph infection in their knee has cleared up."
At this point in time, it's unknown exactly what will become of Lawal and their career. Rumors have swirled as to where they will end up, but only time will tell where the truth lies.
In the meantime, MMAmania.com will keep you updated on the situation as news becomes available.
The Florida Commuter Airlines Flight 65 crash of a Douglas DC-3A that occurred on September 12, 1980. The flight, operating from West Palm Beach, Florida to Freeport, Bahamas, crashed into the Atlantic Ocean near West End Settlement on Grand Bahama Island. All 34 persons aboard were killed.[1][2][3]
The plane was not recovered. Investigators were unable to determine the cause of the crash, but determined that factors likely contributing to the crash included flight into a thunderstorm, unreliable instruments due to discrepancies in the pitot-static system, and lack of proper operational oversight by airline management.[1]
Flight information [ edit ]
Florida Commuter Airlines Flight 65 was a scheduled passenger flight from Palm Beach International Airport in West Palm Beach, Florida to Grand Bahama International Airport in Freeport, Bahamas.[1]:1The flight was operated using a Douglas DC-3A (registration number N75KW). The aircraft had not been flown for about five weeks prior to the accident, and the pitot tubes were left uncovered during that period.[1]:6
The flight was operated by captain Bill Selva and first officer Diana Leonard. The captain was described as an excellent pilot and very familiar with the route; the first officer had experience on the route and with flying the DC-3.[4] Two flight attendants and 30 passengers were also on board.[1]:1
Passenger Jack Levenson had initially booked the flight for 13 friends and colleagues[5][6] on the airline's much smaller Piper Navajo, paying $400 for the trip. As the Navajo seats a maximum of 7 passengers, the airline decided to use the larger DC-3 aircraft. In order to fill the excess seats, the airline informally sold tickets for as low as $18 to airline business partners.[2] This resulted in large numbers of passengers who were acquaintances.[7][8]
Accident [ edit ]
Flight 65 was originally scheduled to depart at 19:30 Eastern Daylight Time.[a] At 19:40, Flight 65 attempted to depart, but the pilots aborted the takeoff because they had no airspeed indication. Passengers were deplaned. Maintenance determined that mud dauber nests were blocking the pitot tube openings for the plane's pitot-static system (which is used to measure airspeed). Maintenance cleared the nests, and a high speed taxi run verified the fix. Passengers reboarded, and the plane departed West Palm Beach at approximately 20:35.[1]:3
At 20:49, Flight 65 flew beyond the range of Miami radar. At 20:55, Flight 65 made contact with approach controllers at Freeport. At 20:58, the approach controller cleared Flight 65 to descend to 1,400 feet, and the first officer acknowledged the transmission. That was the last communication from the plane.[1]:4
The plane had no radar and no way to know how bad the weather was ahead of them. The control tower tried to radio the plane at 21:15, but received no response.[4] At 22:43 a United States Coast Guard C-131 reached the area and spotted debris and bodies floating in the water. There were heavy thunderstorms in the area. 16 bodies were recovered prior to the termination of the search on September 15, 1980. There were initial reports that some of the bodies were wearing life jackets, but later reports from the US Coast Guard indicated none of the recovered passengers were wearing life jackets.[5]
Eyewitness accounts state that the plane was flying low and plunged into the ocean shortly after passing through a cloud.[5]
Investigation [ edit ]
The crash was investigated by the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB).
Wreckage from the aircraft was not recovered, except for seat cushions and plywood bulkheads found floating near the accident site. Regulations at the time did not require flight recorders to be installed on the aircraft, and no cockpit voice recorder or flight data recorder was installed.[1]:9 Due to lack of evidence, the NTSB was unable to determine the probable cause of the accident.[1]:1
However, the NTSB did identify factors which may have contributed to the crash. Such factors included "known thunderstorm activities and turbulence, preexisting discrepancies in the pitot-static system of the aircraft and their effect on the reliability of the flight instruments, and lack of operational control exercised by the airline's management." The originally scheduled pilot was unable to fly and the replacement pilot informed flight operations for Florida Commuter Airlines that they were not qualified to operate Part 135[b] flights since they were overdue for a 6-month instrument check. The Director of Operations assured the replacement pilot that the flight was to be conducted under Part 91[c] and they were not required to have a current 6-month instrument check. The pilot then agreed to fly a Part 91 flight.[1]
The NTSB determined that the method used to clear the pitot tubes was an "...improper maintenance procedure"[1] and may have contributed to the crash. The chief mechanic, Sam DeThomas, used a small screwdriver and a coat hanger instead of the required procedure to remove the mud dauber nest. DeThomas said the reason they didn't follow the proper procedure (which required disconnecting instruments from the panel and blowing compressed air through the pitot tubes) was passenger impatience. DeThomas told investigators that "I had the problem of people screaming that they wanted to get back on the airplane – not get back on the airplane, but they wanted to go."[11]
During the investigation, investigators received "specific allegations" of the possibility of sabotage.[12] However, in its final report, the NTSB noted "Sabotage, or foul play, has been discounted by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and has not been considered in this evaluation". [1]:13
Aftermath [ edit ]
A committee called the Raise the Plane Committee made plans to locate the aircraft and recover it from an estimated depth of 1800 feet. The recovery effort was abandoned after the committee was unable to secure enough money to locate the plane.[13]
The Airline was insured by Aviation Insurance Co., a representative of Lloyd's of London. Coverage included aircraft liability, property damage, bodily injury to passengers, and damage to passenger's property.[14] Several of the passenger's families sued the airline, but later settled for $35,000 per passenger. The mother of Mary McNamara later stated that "I feel badly about it, but we couldn't go through any more. Answering all those questions... They (attorneys for the insurance company) made us feel like they were someone who rented a room from us. I cannot tell you what they meant to me. A beautiful young girl walked out the door and was brutally murdered."[15][16]
Notes [ edit ]
^ [1]: 1 All times in the NTSB's final report are given in Eastern Daylight Time. ^ 14 C.F.R. 135 [9]: 3 ) governs commercial operations of aircraft in the United States. Part 135 operations have more detailed and strict operational requirements than Part 91 private pilot operations. Both the pilot and operating entity must be Part 135 certified during any Part 135 commercial operations.[10] (known as Part 135) governs commercial operations of aircraft in the United States. Part 135 operations have more detailed and strict operational requirements than Part 91 private pilot operations. Both the pilot and operating entity must be Part 135 certified during any Part 135 commercial operations. ^ 14 C.F.R. 91 [9]: 3 ) governs private operations of aircraft in the United States. With few exceptions, any commercial operation of an aircraft exceeds Part 91 and must meet more stringent Part 135 requirements.[10] (known as Part 91) governs private operations of aircraft in the United States. With few exceptions, any commercial operation of an aircraft exceeds Part 91 and must meet more stringent Part 135 requirements.
This article incorporates public domain material from websites or documents of the National Transportation Safety Board.
CLOSE Jerry Emmett chats with USA TODAY about being a part of 2016 elections, and being a media sensation.
Jerry Emmett, who was born before all women won the right to vote in the U.S., leaves the Yavapai County Administration Building on Nov. 1 after casting their early ballot. (Photo: AP)
PHOENIX — Arizona's 102-year-old Jerry Emmett didn't get to see their hero elected the first female U.S. president and, while they are deeply disappointed, they still have hope for the country.
Emmett, who was born before all women could vote, listened as results came in Tuesday night. They retired to bed around 8:30 p.m. and fell asleep before news broke that Hillary Clinton had called to congratulate now President-elect Donald Trump on their victory. That night, they said, they took a pill that "makes me simmer down" a bit.
Emmett is beloved in Arizona Democratic circles and was the honorary chair of the state's delegation to the national convention in Philadelphia. They captured America's heart when they helped report the state's delegates for Clinton. They have been a fan of the Clintons for decades (she even started a fan club for them), and they hoped to make it to a Clinton inauguration.
Emmett spoke to The Arizona Republic Wednesday about Clinton's loss. It put her, they said, "in a little state of shock," and they spent much of the day "talking to God."
One lesson from their long life, they said: Everything happens for a reason.
"It has been a huge disappointment, but I did get to vote for what I thought was going to be the first female president of the United States," they said. "We just didn't win. That's a long way from getting to see my mom cast their first vote," they said, referring to the time, decades ago, when their mother cast their first ballot in Gilbert, Ariz.
"I just want everybody to know that we've got to believe in America, and we've got to believe in both parties," they said. "Things are going to work out, and I think we're going to find — just like how we've solved every other problem in America — this, too will be solved, and it will turn out all right.
"We're getting a lot of help from God and he'll keep on looking after us. We're going to have to do the best we can do to work with our president, and work with our parties in the United States. We've always worked things out, and I think we will again."
Follow Yvonne Wingett Sanchez on Twitter: @YvonneWingett
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2fGpBvR
"USNO" redirects here. For other uses, see USNO (disambiguation)
Adde gubernandi studium: Pervenit in astra, et pontum caelo conjunxit, "Increase the study of navigation: it arrives in the stars, and marries the sea with heaven" The Seal of the USNO with a quote from the Astronomicon , "Increase the study of navigation: it arrives in the stars, and marries the sea with heaven"
The United States Naval Observatory (USNO) is one of the oldest scientific agencies in the United States, with a primary mission[1] to produce Positioning, Navigation and Timing (PNT)[2] for the United States Navy and the United States Department of Defense. Located in Northwest Washington, D.C. at the Northwestern end of Embassy Row, it is one of the pre-1900 astronomical observatories located in an urban area; at the time of its construction, it was far from the light pollution thrown off by the (then-smaller) city center. Former USNO director Gernot M. R. Winkler initiated the "Master Clock" service that the USNO still operates,[3] and which provides precise time to the GPS satellite constellation run by the United States Air Force. The USNO performs radio VLBI-based positions of quasars with numerous global collaborators, in order to produce Earth Orientation parameters.
Aside from its scientific mission, a house located within the Naval Observatory complex serves as the official residence of the Vice President of the United States.
History [ edit ]
Aerial view of the U.S. Naval Observatory
President John Quincy Adams, who in 1825 signed the bill for the creation of a national observatory just before leaving presidential office, had intended for it to be called the National Observatory.[4] The names "National Observatory" and "Naval Observatory" were both used for 10 years, until a ruling was passed to officially use the latter.[5] Adams had made protracted efforts to bring astronomy to a national level at that time.[6][7] They spent many nights at the observatory, watching and charting the stars, which had always been one of Adams' avocations.
Established by the order of the United States Secretary of the Navy John Branch on 6 December 1830 as the Depot of Charts and Instruments,[8] the Observatory rose from humble beginnings. Placed under the command of Lieutenant Louis M. Goldsborough, with an annual budget of $330, its primary function was the restoration, repair, and rating of navigational instruments. It was made into a national observatory in 1842 via a federal law and a Congressional appropriation of $25,000. Lieutenant James Melville Gilliss was put in charge of "obtaining the instruments needed and books."[9] Lt. Gilliss visited the principal observatories of Europe with the mission to purchase telescopes and scientific devices and books.[10]
The observatory's primary mission was to care for the United States Navy's marine chronometers, charts, and other navigational equipment. It calibrated ships' chronometers by timing the transit of stars across the meridian. Opened in 1844 in Foggy Bottom north of the present site of the Lincoln Memorial and west of the White House (see: Old Naval Observatory), the observatory moved in 1893 to its present location[11] on a 2000-foot circle of land atop Observatory Hill overlooking Massachusetts Avenue. These facilities were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2017.[12]
The first superintendent was Navy Commander Matthew Fontaine Maury. Maury had the world's first vulcanized time ball, created to their specifications by Charles Goodyear for the U.S. Observatory. It was the first time ball in the United States, being placed into service in 1845, and the 12th in the world. Maury kept accurate time by the stars and planets. The time ball was dropped every day except Sunday precisely at the astronomically defined moment of Mean Solar Noon, enabling all ships and civilians to know the exact time. By the end of the American Civil War, the Observatory's clocks were linked via telegraph to ring the alarm bells in all of the Washington, D.C. firehouses three times a day, and by the early 1870s the Observatory's daily noon-time signal was being distributed nationwide via the Western Union Telegraph Company. Time was also "sold" to the railroads and was used in conjunction with railroad chronometers to schedule American rail transport. Early in the 20th century, the Arlington Time Signal broadcast this service to wireless receivers.
In 1849 the Nautical Almanac Office (NAO) was established in Cambridge, Massachusetts as a separate organization. It was moved to Washington, D.C. in 1866, colocating with the U. S. Naval Observatory in 1893. On September 20, 1894, the NAO became a "branch" of USNO, however it remained autonomous for several years after this.[13]
An early scientific duty assigned to the Observatory was the U.S. contribution to the definition of the Astronomical Unit, or the AU, which defines a standard mean distance between the Sun and the Earth, conducted under the auspices of the Congressionally funded U.S. Transit of Venus Commission. The astronomical measurements taken of the transit of Venus by a number of countries since 1639 resulted in a progressively more accurate definition of the AU. Relying heavily on photographic methods, the naval observers returned 350 photographic plates in 1874, and 1,380 measurable plates in 1882. The results of the surveys conducted simultaneously from several locations around the world (for each of the two transits) produced a final value of the solar parallax, after adjustments, of 8.809", with a probable error of 0.0059", yielding a U.S. defined Earth-Sun distance of 92,797,000 miles (149,342,000 km), with a probable error of 59,700 miles (96,100 km). This calculated distance was a significant improvement over several previous estimates.[14]
The telescope used for the discovery of the Moons of Mars was the 26-inch (66 cm) refractor (a telescope with a lens), then located at Foggy Bottom.[15] In 1893 it was moved to the present location.[16]
In November 1913 the Paris Observatory, using the Eiffel Tower as an antenna, exchanged sustained wireless (radio) signals with the United States Naval Observatory, using an antenna in Arlington, Virginia to determine the exact difference of longitude between the two institutions.[17]
Naval Observatory Flagstaff Station in Operation
In 1934, the last (then) large telescope to be installed at USNO saw "first light". This 40-inch aperture instrument[18] was also the second (and final) telescope made by famed optician, George Willis Ritchey. The Ritchey–Chrétien telescope design has since become the de facto optical design for nearly all major telescopes, including the famed Keck telescopes and the spaceborne Hubble Space Telescope. Unfortunately, light pollution forced USNO to think of other more viable locations to continue work, and so began a search. The final dark sky site chosen was Flagstaff, Arizona, and so the 40-inch telescope was moved to that location, beginning operations at the new Navy command, now called the Naval Observatory Flagstaff Station (NOFS). Those operations commenced in 1955,[19] and within a decade, the Navy's largest telescope, the 61-inch "Kaj Strand Astrometric Reflector" was built, seeing light at NOFS in 1964.[20]
The United States Naval Observatory no longer obtains significant astrometric observations, but it continues to be a major authority in the areas of Precise Time and Time Interval, Earth orientation, astrometry and celestial observation. In collaboration with many national and international scientific establishments, it determines the timing and astronomical data required for accurate navigation, astrometry, and fundamental astronomy and calculation methods — and distributes this information (such as star catalogs)[21] in the Astronomical Almanac, The Nautical Almanac, and on-line.[22]
Perhaps it is best known to the general public for its highly accurate ensemble of atomic clocks and its year 2000 time ball replacement.[23] The site also houses the largest astronomy library in the United States (and the largest astrophysical periodicals collection in the world).[24] The library includes a large collection of rare, often famous, physics and astronomy books from across the past millennium.
USNO continues to maintain its dark-sky observatory, NOFS, near Flagstaff, Arizona, which also now oversees the Navy Precision Optical Interferometer.[25] The Alternate Master Clock, mentioned above, also continues to operate at Schriever Air Force Base in Colorado.
Departments [ edit ]
In 1990, the Orbital Mechanics Department and Astronomical Applications Department were established, and Nautical Almanac Office became a division of the Astronomical Applications Department.[13][26] The Orbital Mechanics Department operated under P. K. Seidelmann until 1994 when the department was abolished, and its functions were moved to a group within the Astronomical Applications Department.[13] In 2010, USNO's astronomical 'department' known as the Naval Observatory Flagstaff Station (NOFS) was officially made autonomous as an Echelon Five command separates from USNO, but reporting to it. In the alpine woodlands above 7,000 feet altitude outside Flagstaff, Arizona, NOFS performs its national, Celestial Reference Frame (CRF) mission under dark skies in that region.
Official residence of the Vice President of the United States [ edit ]
Since 1974, a house situated in the grounds of the observatory, at Number One Observatory Circle, has been the official residence of the Vice President of the United States. The house is separated from the Naval Observatory, and was formerly the residence of its superintendent, and later the home of the Chief of Naval Operations.[27] The Observatory is therefore subject to tight security control enforced by the Secret Service.
According to a 15 May 2009 blog posting by Newsweek's Eleanor Clift,[28] Vice President Joe Biden revealed the existence of what Clift described as a bunker-like room in the residence. The bunker is the secure, undisclosed location where former Vice President Dick Cheney remained under protection in secret after the September 11 attacks: according to Clift's report, titled "Shining Light on Cheney's Hideaway":
Biden said a young naval officer giving them a tour of the residence showed them the hideaway, which is behind a massive steel door secured by an elaborate lock with a narrow connecting hallway lined with shelves filled with communications equipment.
Biden's press office subsequently issued a statement denying the bunker report, suggesting that Biden had instead been describing "an upstairs workspace".[29]
Time service [ edit ]
Atomic clock ensemble at the U.S. Naval Observatory
The U.S. Naval Observatory operates two Master Clock facilities. The primary facility, in Washington, D.C. maintains 57 HP/Agilent/Symmetricom 5071A-001 high performance cesium atomic clocks and 24 hydrogen masers. The alternate master clock, at Schriever Air Force Base, maintains 12 cesium clocks and 3 masers.[30] The observatory also operates four[31] rubidium atomic fountain clocks, which have a stability reaching 7×10−16.[32] The observatory intends to build several more of this type for use at its two facilities.[30] The clocks used for the USNO timescale are kept in 19 environmental chambers, whose temperatures are kept constant to within 0.1 degree C and whose relative humidities (for all masers and most cesiums) are kept constant to within 1%. The timescale is based only upon the Washington DC clocks. On June 7, 2007, 70 standards were weighted in the timescale computations.[30]
The U.S. Naval Observatory provides public time service via 26[30] NTP servers on the public Internet,[33] and via telephone voice announcements:[34]
+1 202 762-1401 (Washington, D.C.)
+1 202 762-1069
+1 719 567-6742 (Colorado Springs)
The voice of actor Fred Covington (1928–1993) has been announcing the USNO time since 1978.[35]
The voice announcements follow the same pattern at both sites. They always begin with the local time (daylight or standard), and include a background of 1-second ticks. Local time announcements are made on the minute, and 15, 30, and 45 seconds after the minute. Coordinated Universal Time (UTC) is announced five seconds after the local time.[36] Upon connecting, only the second-marking ticks are heard for the few seconds before the next scheduled local time announcement
The USNO also operates a modem time service,[37] and provides time to the Global Positioning System.
Instrument shop [ edit ]
The United States Naval Observatory Instrument shop has been manufacturing precise instrumentation since the early 1900s.[38]
Publications [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
Sky and Ocean Joined — The U.S. Naval Observatory 1830–2000 by Steven J. Dick (2003) ISBN 0-521-81599-1
— The U.S. Naval Observatory 1830–2000 by Steven J. Dick (2003) ISBN 0-521-81599-1 Alden, Henry Mills; Wells, Thomas Bucklin; Hartman, Lee Foster; Allen, Frederick Lewis (1874). "The United States Naval Observatory". Harper's Magazine. 48: 531–539.
Coordinates:
GIVEN the long history of making racial slurs about the efforts of some workers, any study casting black and Hispanic men as lazier than whites and Asians is sure to court controversy. A provocative new working paper by economists Daniel Hamermesh, Katie Genadek and Michael Burda sticks a tentative toe into these murky waters. They suggest that America's well-documented racial wage gap is overstated by 10% because minorities, especially men, spend larger portions of their workdays not actually working. After rejecting a number of plausible explanations for why this might be, the authors finally attribute the discrepancy to unexplained “cultural differences”.
Acutely aware of the sensitivity of these findings, the professors delayed publication until after the presidential election. “I knew full well that Trump and their minions would use it as a propaganda piece,” says Mr Hamermesh, a colourful and respected labour economist. The paper may yet be seized on by those who are keen to root out “political correctness” and are perennially unhappy with current anti-discrimination laws.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
The study's method is straightforward. The data come from nearly 36,000 “daily diaries”, self-reporting on how Americans spent their working hours, collected from 2003 to 2012. Relying on the assumption that workers are equally honest in admitting sloth, the authors calculate the fraction of time spent not working while on the job—spent relaxing or eating, say—and find that it varies by race to a small but statistically significant degree. The gap remains, albeit in weaker form, even with the addition of extensive controls for geography, industry and union status, among others. Non-white male workers spend an additional 1.1% of the day not working while on the job, or an extra five minutes per day. Assuming their controls are adequate, that would still leave 90% of the wage difference between white workers and ethnic minorities, which was recently estimated to be 14%, unexplained. This could conceivably be the product of discrimination, or of something else.
Digging out the cause of this curious gap remains hazardous. Worse treatment by managers of minority workers may itself encourage slacking, says Philip Cohen, a sociologist at the University of Maryland. The authors argue that this point is moot, since self-employed minority workers show similar behaviour, but the difference is not statistically significant. A recent experimental approach, in which cashiers in French grocers' shops were randomly assigned to more- or less-biased managers, saw greater absences and more sluggish scanning when working under the unfair bosses. It found that eliminating manager bias would increase time spent at work by minorities by an estimated 2.5%.
Uncomfortable though the topic may be, the authors have attempted a rigorous analysis. Denunciations came quickly, however. Within hours of publication, Mr Hamermesh received vitriolic messages and was labelled a racist in an online forum popular among economists. Mr Hamermesh, an avowed progressive, who refers to Donald Trump only by amusing nicknames and resigned from a post at the University of Texas over a state law permitting the open carrying of firearms, finds this unfair. They note that Americans work too much. Their preferred solution would not be for some groups to work more, but for others to work less.
Windy City Bulls Down Delaware 121-110 for Second Straight Win
November 26, 2016 - Major League Soccer (MLS) - New York Red Bulls News Release
WINDY CITY BULLS DOWN DELAWARE 121-110 FOR SECOND STRAIGHT WIN Jerian Grant Leads All Scorers With 34 Points
Hoffman Estates, IL- The Windy City Bulls (3-3), presented by BMO Harris Bank, the official NBA Development League affiliate of the Chicago Bulls, earned their second win in as many nights, defeating the Delaware 87ers 121-110 Saturday evening at the Sears Centre Arena.
Earlier in the day the Chicago Bulls announced that guards Jerian Grant and RJ Hunter along with center Cristiano Felicio had been assigned to Windy City and the trio showed up ready to play.
Grant poured in 34 points for the Bulls on 11 of 24 shooting from the field to go along with seven assists. Felicio asserted their presence in the post providing 20 points and 12 rebounds.
Hunter, who had previously played in two games for Windy City earlier in the season, scored 19 points to go along with six rebounds and four assists.
The Bulls also got a big performance from forward J.J. Avila who cracked the 20-point mark for the second straight night, finishing with 24 points and eight rebounds. Guard Spencer Dinwiddie added 11 points for Windy City.
Delaware was led by guard Dionte Christmas and forward Shawn Long who finished with 23 and 21 points respectively.
The Bulls stormed out of the gate on a 10-0 run capped by a thrilling dunk by Felicio on an assist by Dinwiddie.
After leading for the majority of the first three quarters, the Bulls found themselves trailing 86-82 with 10:51 remaining in the game. However, Windy City was able to regain the lead and pull away for the victory behind 24 combined points from Grant and Hunter in the final frame. The back and forth second half featured four lead changes and six ties.
Windy City will embark on a three-game road swing that kicks off on Tuesday at Long Island in a rematch of the season opener that saw Windy City come away with a demanding 123-94 win. The Bulls return home on December 9 to face Canton. For tickets and game information, visit WindyCityBulls.com.
• Discuss this story on the Major League Soccer message board...
Major League Soccer Stories from November 26, 2016
The opinions expressed in this release are those of the organization issuing it, and do not necessarily reflect the thoughts or opinions of OurSports Central or its staff.
Permit me to attempt to raise your spirits, or at least stiffen your resolve, with the below call to action; you still have very important and not at all futile work to do.
To all of my friends in the Cruz campaign, the Rubio camp, the not-Trump camp and/or the #NEVERTRUMP crowd: Feeling a little discouraged? Demoralized? Nauseous? Trust me, I sympathize, and have the stains on the carpet to prove it.
It is tempting to hold out hope still, to look at the delegate count and say, Trump still doesn't have 1,237, therefore it's not over. Yes, denial is a natural and normal part of the grieving process. But let us not be like Michael Palin's pet shop owner in that immortal Monty Python sketch who insists, against all evidence, that the Norwegian Blue parrot their customer (John Cleese) is attempting to return is not dead but just pining for the fjords (fjord, for those unfamiliar, is a Scandinavian word signifying an open Republican convention in which your not-Trump candidate is miraculously selected on the 17th vote). Cleese's exasperated customer will set the record straight:
"'E's not pinin'! 'E's passed on! This parrot is no more! They have ceased to be! 'E's expired and gone to meet 'is maker! 'E's a stiff! Bereft of life, 'e rests in peace! If you hadn't nailed 'im to the perch 'e'd be pushing up the daisies! 'Is metabolic processes are now 'istory! 'E's off the twig! 'E's kicked the bucket, 'e's shuffled off 'is mortal coil, run down the curtain and joined the bleedin' choir invisible!! This...is an EX-parrot!"
With that reality squarely and maturely faced, we move to the next undeniable reality: Hillary Clinton still has far too great a chance of becoming President. Getting the hint?
But I will not press you while you are still bereaved (Mr. Cleese's office did not return my calls inquiring as to the appropriate duration of the parrot-mourning period). Instead, I will tell you this: Pick yourself up, pick the campaign of a member of congress or senator in a competitive and/or endangered race, anywhere in the country, and work your tail off for that candidate from here until November.
We are in the throes of a slow motion constitutional crisis that is over one hundred years in the making, with "progressives" of all stripes doing their level best to tear down the checks and balances of our wisely divided branches of government, and impose in its place a European-style, top-down, integrated and "energetic" state, commanded by high-IQ technocrats under a supreme chief executive. Americans instinctively rebel against this model, which they correctly recognize as a threat to their liberty, whether it comes from the Left or the Right. Nixon overreached and was taken down. Now Obama's abdications and arrogations have likewise provoked a reaction to restore a prosperous and free nation more in keeping with traditional notions of work, responsibility and national pride.
But the answer to Messiah Left is not Messiah Right, Messiah Establishment or Messiah Populist. All earthly messiahs ultimately fail, whether Obama, Trump, Cruz, Bush or Clinton, to the degree that they are worshipped as such. Cults of personality are suicide cults.
What is necessary is a restoration of the institutional balance of power between the Executive, Judicial, and Legislative branches, specifically the responsible and effective reassertion of the primacy of the latter over the former and over the unaccountable administrative agencies and their czars. It's bigger than one man or woman.
Making this restoration work in our favor requires holding and expanding the number of congressional and Senate seats held by constitutional conservatives. And that in turn requires the active and vigorous participation of all of us who hold these values in common, especially those of us who had pinned our hopes on the White House.
This election will not be about conservative legislators riding on the coattails of the presidential candidate at the top of the ticket (indeed, many not-Trump commentators are now convinced that The Donald will provoke devastating losses down-ticket); rather, this election will be about every conservative voter taking their or their legislator as the top of the ticket.
So again, if you had plans to take an unpaid leave from your job to spend your summer volunteering for the Cruz, Carson, Fiorina or Ryan campaign, take that commitment, double it, and pour it into your man or woman in the Capitol.
Then, on November 8th, take a deep breath, say a prayer, swallow hard, hold your nose, suppress your gag reflex. And pull the lever for Donald J. Trump, 45th President of the United States of America.
ABC.
Howard Hyde is author of the book Escape from Berkeley: An EX-liberal progressive socialist embraces America (and doesn't apologize)
Whether Bitcoin would be a better option for the southern African state of Zimbabwe to adopt as an alternative method of payment or not has triggered an online discussion this past week.
It follows the news that Zimbabwe will soon print its own version of the U.S. dollar as its economy suffers a severe US dollar shortage.
On 4 May 2016, Governor John Mangudya of the Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe (RBZ) announced that the government will later – possibly this month - issue bonds with a total value backed by a US$200 million Africa Export Import Bank (AFREXIM) facility.
Africa needs alternative payments and investment currencies
Writing in a piece published on techzim.co.zw, L.S.M Kabweza writes:
“Bitcoin is notoriously volatile, but nowhere close to the unpredictable nature of Zimbabwe's current government, perceived or real. The more important thing however is that reliance on Bitcoin helps with Zimbabwe's trust problem. No one needs to trust the government to use a cryptocurrency like Bitcoin or to store their money in it. The crypto-currency takes most of the decision-making authority out of the hands of individuals leaving it to a good extent to the mathematics in machines.”
In a forum, a member, Kakmakr, commented on bitcointalk.org that as one of the countries in Africa with the poorest population and the greatest need for micro transactions, the decision by the Zimbabwean government “will push more people to use alternative methods of payment and alternative investment currencies to protect their wealth.” They cited the inroads that the mobile money service M-Pesa has made into Kenya and other African countries as an alternative to their reserve currency.
Another writer, Mokimarket, suggested that Zimbabwe could print these new notes “with Bitcoin private keys embedded in each note to add some intrinsic value to the notes.”
Can the Internet be an obstacle for Bitcoin in Africa?
It is, however, argued that Bitcoin is best used on the Internet, hence only the tech-savvy can store their wealth through the digital currency.
A voztata writes:
“Bitcoin would definitely be the better choice for Zimbabwe. But the problem is that it needs the internet and the internet connection is really poor there. An individual or a company would have to invest/donate to Zimbabwe so they could have better internet access and that would require a lot of funds and guts.”
But the internet doesn't seem to be an obstacle. Figures by BuddeComm show that internet penetration in Zimbabwe stands at almost 50% as at thte end of 2015 – a good level for a typical African country.
Another writer on the forum Kprawn says the people can link SMSes to Bitcoin or send Bitcoin via emails through their phones.
Kprawn writes:
“If these people are knowledgeable enough to use Mpesa then they would know how to use Bitcoin. There are also enough third-party services like Bitpesa to help them figure it out.”
Zimbabwe - Ideal destination for Bitcoin companies?
Zimbabwean lawyer Simba Machiridza wrote a white paper last year on the state of the preparedness of the country as an ideal destination for Bitcoin companies.
Bitmari founder, Sinclair Skinner, noted that Zimbabwe has a high literacy rate, high cellphone penetration, high mobile banking usage and most importantly willingness to adopt new economic systems, citing that a 10-year-old child in Zimbabwe knows more about forex than most adults in Europe and US.
However, no official statement has come from the government in this regard. Until the government is able to come up with a remedial fiscal action which would address these economic concerns, the online discussion will continue.
My photographer friend Clayton Cubitt, whom I met here in the Boing Boing comments a decade ago, did an amazing project to support the campaign of U.S. presidential candidate Bernie Sanders.
From Clayton's post about the images they shot for Veterans for Bernie Sanders:
I was proud to donate my efforts as a photographer and creative director for this social media campaign in support of a group of military veterans that advocate for the presidential candidacy of Bernie Sanders.
I spent a day photographing portraits of each veteran, as well as personally-significant artifacts of their service, from uniform patches, to medals, to dusty combat boots that were worn on deployment.
The campaign pairs the images I created with quotes from the vets about what Bernie's candidacy means to them, through the lens of their service.
Dozens of variations were created for people to share on social media, and are housed on a dedicated site, along with quotes from the candidate, and their campaign video referencing veterans and their service.
This post has been updated.
Time Warner's long-awaited plans to sell its popular premium channel, HBO, direct to consumers over the internet appear to be progressing rather quickly.
Fortune reported that HBO is poised to outsource its streaming infrastructure, which has struggled during high-profile events such as the True Detective finale, to MLB Advanced Media. That's the highly impressive offshoot of professional baseball that already counts WWE and ESPN among its clients.
At almost the same time as that news broke, Time Warner CEO Jeff Bewkes revealed at a conference hosted by UBS in New York that the company is exploring three options for what has been described as HBO Go It Alone, a product which will be targeted at the 10 million homes in the US that have broadband but no cable—and possibly at other countries.
The first option is to work with existing distributors (i.e. cable companies) to sell HBO on top of broadband-only packages these distributors already offer. Such skimmed down HBO+broadband packages already exist, although they are not advertised very extensively.
The second would be to work with “new digital distribution partners” to sell HBO. (Bewkes did not specify which, but Amazon, to which HBO has already licensed content, might make sense).
Third, the company could offer the product directly to consumers, keeping all of the subscription fees for itself, but it would also need to invest in infrastructure and billing systems to do so.
The Fortune report suggests the third option could be the most likely one, and that HBO wants to release the new standalone packages in April, in time for the next season of its most popular (certainly the most pirated) show, Game of Thrones.
The Wall Street Journal had similar details about the outsourcing deal. MLB Advanced Media did not immediately respond to a request for comment. An HBO spokesperson said in an email that “April is not confirmed”.
In any case, Bewkes has good reason to be pleased with himself. Shares in Time Warner have now almost fully recovered since they walked away from a takeover approach from Rupert Murdoch's 21st Century Fox Group, and their media conglomerate is on track to deliver a big profit increase next quarter.
Update 4:15pm ET: Post updated with a comment from HBO.
Pin 2 4K Shares
(ZHE) Moments ago, Wikileaks tweeted that as a result of a segment airing on CNN, the whistleblowing organization announced it has “issued instructions to sue CNN for defamation.”
We have issued instructions to sue CNN for defamation:https://t.co/YLfyQ9ROCy Unless within 48h they air a one hour expose of the plot. — WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) January 4, 2017
Wikileaks was referring to a segment in which CNN had the ex-Deputy-Director of the CIA “falsely calling Assange a ‘pedophile.'
We've deleted a tweet that included a video clip from New Day earlier this morning. Here's our statement: pic.twitter.com/qJqTtzy69T — New Day (@NewDay) January 4, 2017 CNN airs ex-Deputy-Director of the CIA falsely calling Assange a ‘pedophile' https://t.co/SurGxhiq9X The plot: https://t.co/WeLULgMoC0 — WikiLeaks Task Force (@WLTaskForce) January 4, 2017
As indication of the “plot line,” Wikileaks provides a link to the following McClatchy article, which lays out “the strange tale of a dating site's attacks on WikiLeaks founder Assange,” which writes the following:
“For an online dating site, toddandclare.com seems really good at cloak-and-dagger stuff. Disconnected phones. Mystery websites. Actions that ricochet around the globe.
“But the attention grabber is the Houston-based company's target: Julian Assange, the founder of WikiLeaks, whose steady dumps of leaked emails from Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign have given supporters of Donald Trump the only cheering news of the last few weeks.
“In some ways, toddandclare.com's campaign against Assange is as revelatory as the leaked emails themselves, illustrating the powerful, sometimes unseen, forces that oppose WikiLeaks.
“Whoever is behind the dating site has marshaled significant resources to target Assange, enough to gain entry into a United Nations body, operate in countries in Europe, North America and the Caribbean, conduct surveillance on Assange's lawyer in London, obtain the fax number of Canada's prime minister and seek to prod a police inquiry in the Bahamas.
“And they've done it at a time when WikiLeaks has become a routine target of Democratic politicians who portray Assange as a stooge of Russian President Vladimir Putin and their reported efforts to disrupt the U.S. election.
“One part of toddandclare's two-pronged campaign put a megaphone to unproven charges that Assange made contact with a young Canadian girl in the Bahamas through the internet with the intention of molesting them The second part sought to entangle them in a plan to receive $1 million from the Russian government.
“WikiLeaks claims the dating site is ‘a highly suspicious and likely fabricated' company. In turn, the company lashed out at Assange on Thursday and ‘his despicable activities against American national security,' and warned journalists to ‘check with your libel lawyers first before printing anything that could impact or endanger innocent people's lives.'
“So why are the parties to the melee coming out with both barrels blazing? That remains a mystery of the kind that might take a WikiLeaks-style document dump to suss out.
“What is beyond dispute, though, is that the attacks on WikiLeaks rose as the group released a first batch of leaked Democratic National Committee emails in July, days before the party's national convention, and again this month, as WikiLeaks began releasing thousands of emails from the account of John Podesta, Clinton's campaign chairperson.
“The online company paints itself as all-American. Online material says its founders, Todd and Clare Hammond, ‘are an average American couple from Michigan, who met in the eighth grade.' In 2011, the company says, the Christian couple started an email dating service, and ‘have married 3,000 couples to date.' Their online network began in 2015, and a statement it filed to a U.N. body says it has ‘100,000+ female singles' in six countries.
“The company's operating address is a warehouse loading dock in Houston. Its mail goes to a Houston drop box. Its phone numbers no longer work. WikiLeaks says Texas officials tell it the entity is not registered there either under toddandclare.com or a parent company, T&C Network Solutions.
“The person who responds to email sent to the company declined to identify themselves or answer further questions.
“'We are not required to confirm the information you are requesting to anyone other than our government and tax authorities. So many people (and companies) have now been unfairly libeled by the wikileaks troll machine, we are being advised not to comment,' an unsigned email from the company to a McClatchy reporter said Thursday morning.
“The people behind toddandclare.com persuaded a U.N. body known as the Global Compact to give it status as a participant in May, and it submitted an eight-page report to the U.N. group Oct. 4 carefully laying out its allegations against Assange. The firm was delisted by the U.N. body eight days later amid controversy over its claims.
“An Australian lawyer, Melinda Taylor, said the report's precise language raised additional suspicions at WikiLeaks, where they assist Assange in human rights litigation.
“'This is not a report that's been drafted by a dating agency. It's highly legalistic and very structured. It's the language of someone who has drafted complex legal submissions,' they said.
“Under Todd Hammond's name, the report alleged that Assange's Swedish lawyer had reached out in June to offer Assange's services on a campaign against rape in exchange for an undisclosed amount of bitcoin. It said the two sides held two videoconferences.
“Then came the bombshell: It said the company had ended ties with Assange following ‘pedophile crimes' they had committed in the Bahamas in late September. It charged that the victim was the 8-year-old daughter of a Canadian couple on a monthlong yachting vacation. The father went to police in Nassau on Sept. 28, the report claimed, charging that their family held video and chat logs showing Assange ‘internet grooming' the child and ‘propositioning the 8-year-old juvenile ‘to perform oral and anal sex acts.'”
“It said Assange, who has been in refuge in Ecuador's embassy in London since 2012, made a connection to the child's 22-year-old sister, who was a client of the online dating site, gaining access to the young girl.
“An assistant commissioner for the Royal Bahamas Police Force, Stephen Dean, said ‘there is no investigation' into any such incident and that the police have received no evidence that such an incident occurred.”
Continue reading on McClathy.
***
Well, if WikiLeaks wasn't the most hated outlet by the mainstream media in general, and CNN in particular, it has just cemented this status should it indeed proceed with the lawsuit. It will be interesting to see what internal CNN emails the discovery process reveals, should the lawsuit actually get to that stage.
This article (WikiLeaks Just Announced Plan to Sue CNN for Defamation) by Tyler Durden originally appeared on ZeroHedge.com and was used with permission. Tune in! Anti-Media Radio airs Monday through Friday @ 11pm Eastern/8pm Pacific. Help us fix our typos: edits@theantimedia.org.
Pin 2 4K Shares
Not that we're making Ashe's Volley do that, mind you. It's just something I threw together in a couple hours while on prescription painkillers to show what can be done without much effort. Or ability to focus. Or pain.
To give you an idea of what we were dealing with, let me show you a diagram that represents the per-frame execution flow for missiles in the former system:
(I'd let you zoom & enhance but just like in electronic music - the words don't matter)
While not as complex as real missile guidance systems , this complicated flow makes changes risky just by its nature. Briefly, what we're looking at here is a hierarchy of missile types, each expressing a different set of missiles. Functionality from these different types is sometimes shared, sometimes duplicated—and frequently confusing. This diagram breaks out those missile types horizontally, with similar functionality color coded. For example, if you wanted to know how missiles handle collision tracking, you'd have to examine all of the pink code—conveniently located all over the place.
The top box in the diagram comprises what we call "base missile," the root class of the hierarchy. These are the simplest missiles: they fly towards a position or a unit and activate only when that movement is done. Auto-attacks and turret shots are in this set, as are the missiles for abilities like Corki's Q and Ziggs' R. Their flow is quite straight-forward in that they track their target, then evaluate where the missile should move, then see if they've hit the target. Easy-peasey; lemon-squeezy.
The next big box in the diagram comprises "line missiles," encompassing most of what players would call a "skill shot" missile - things like Lux's Light Binding, Ashe's Volley, or almost everything Ezreal does. There are some surprises in this category as well. Like Yasuo's windwall: it's a line missile. The irony should hurt a little.
Line missiles have significantly more complicated behavior than base missiles. For example, they can hit things as they travel, return to their caster (like Draven's ult), or hug the ground (like Zyra's Grasping Roots). Lumping all of those different behaviors into one entity is enough sin straight out the gate, but line missiles are further compounded by being a child of base missiles. As such, line missiles inherit all of base missile's functionality by default, but use it differently. This put us in the frustrating situation where changes to base missiles brought the risk of breaking line missiles in complicated ways.
The small groups at the bottom are for our three circle missiles: Diana's Q and W, and Ahri's W. They behave very similarly to line missiles, but travel in a circle. They derive from base missile and bear a striking resemblance to line missiles in everything other than movement. In the course of making this diagram I found some bug fixes in line missile that hadn't made their way over to circle. Duplicating code duplicates its bugs too; such is the pain brought by the copy-pasta demon.
A viable alternative for visualizing the flow of this missile system
Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal talked the importance of conservatism and faith as they joined the crowded Republican field for the U.S. presidency in 2016. (Reuters)
This story has been updated.
KENNER, La. -- Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal, a one-time rising star in the Republican Party now struggling to become one again, announced Wednesday that they are running for president in 2016.
Jindal made their entry into the race on Twitter, ahead of a planned formal announcement in this New Orleans suburb at about 5 p.m. Eastern time.
I'm running for President of the United States of America. Join me: http://t.co/MmqB4kxpUq — Gov. Bobby Jindal (@BobbyJindal) June 24, 2015
There had been little doubt that the 44-year-old second-term governor would run. They have already traveled multiple times to early-primary states -- spending 45 percent of their days outside of Louisiana last year. And this year, some of Jindal's top state-government aides left to join their presidential "exploratory committee."
Jindal becomes the first Indian American to ever be a serious candidate for president. But at this point, their chances of winning the GOP nomination seem extraordinarily low.
[Southerner. Wonk. Immigrants' son. Can Bobby Jindal win at every role?]
There are already 12 other major Republican candidates in the race, with several more expected to enter soon. And Jindal is running behind nearly all of them: Several recent polls have shown them at just 1 percent support among GOP voters, either last or tied for last.
1 of 22 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × A look at Bobby Jindal's political career View Photos The Republican governor of Louisiana announced their candidacy for president on Wednesday. Caption The Republican governor of Louisiana announced their candidacy for president on Wednesday. June 24, 2015 Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal (R) formally announces their campaign for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination in Kenner, La. Jonathan Bachman/Reuters Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
In the most recent Fox News poll, the news was even worse. Jindal wasn't just behind all the other candidates, they were also behind "None of the Above," which got 2 percent.
Jindal aides and advisers say that a central part of the governor's pitch will be that they are “fearless.” Their recently declared opposition to gay marriage and an executive order on religious freedoms will be data points to show that he's willing to take on the corporate wing of the party in ways that no one else is.
“He's not afraid to talk about things that normal politicians are nervous to talk about,” one aide said, previewing the announcement anonymously because Jindal had not formally announced their candidacy yet.
In the months leading up to their launch, Jindal tried to stand out from their GOP rivals by playing up their Catholic faith, being unusually hawkish on defense issues, and being unusually tough on fellow Republicans in Washington.
Jindal has said that congressional Republicans frequently surrender to President Obama on issues like immigration and health-care reform and "need a spine."
Jindal, the Louisiana-born son of Indian immigrants, has also been strident about the need for immigrants to assimilate quickly into American culture. Jindal has derided the idea of "hyphenated Americans," saying that people who call themselves Indian Americans and African Americans should think of themselves as simply Americans first.
[From Piyush to Bobby: On the eve of a 2016 bid, Jindal plays down their Indian heritage]
Jindal has also called for barring people who believe in "radical Islam" from coming to the United States at all.
“So in other words we shouldn't tolerate those who want to come and try to impose some variant of, some version of sharia law,” Jindal told a conservative think tank in March, according to the Guardian newspaper. “I fear if we don't insist on assimilation,” they said, “we then go the way of Europe.”
Bobby Jindal released video of they and their wife, Supriya, talking to their children to accompany their announcement that they will run for president. (Facebook/Bobby Jindal)
Just eight years ago, Jindal's future looked far brighter than it does now. The former Rhodes Scholar and McKinsey consultant was elected governor at age 36, the first Indian American ever to govern a state. “The question is not whether he'll be president,” Republican strategist Steve Schmidt said in 2008, “but when he'll be president.”
Jindal seemed to offer a new vision of what a Republican could be: an Ivy League-educated son of immigrants, who had a relentless focus on making government run faster, smarter and cleaner.
“We've laughed at our politicians and the ones that have gone to jail and made the funny jokes,” Jindal said in 2007, after they were elected governor on the second try. “But it's not funny anymore.”
But, as Jindal pondered higher office, they seemed to fall into a strange and vicious negative-feedback loop.
To address doubts among national conservatives, Jindal repeatedly embraced harder-line conservative positions -- both in terms of Louisiana's budget and in terms of social issues. But each time, they moved further away from the wonky, pragmatic persona that had made them famous in the first place.
So the doubts grew. And Jindal tried to be more hard-line. And so on.
Jindal's problems on the national stage began in 2009, when they were selected to give the GOP response to President Obama's first address to Congress. The response wound up being more memorable than the speech -- but not in a good way. Jindal seemed overly slow and over-earnest, like a man explaining the government to toddlers. People compared them to Kenneth the Page, the child-like character on NBC's comedy "30 Rock."
Since then, Jindal has tried to rebuild their reputation among conservatives with a rigid anti-tax stance in Louisiana. In fact, legislators say, Jindal has often allowed the Washington-based group Americans for Tax Reform to dictate the details of their own budget policies.
The results were repeated blowups with the GOP-led state legislature and threats of devastating cuts in the state budget. By the end of this year's session, legislators were so unhappy with Jindal that they tried to stop paying for their security detail at presidential campaign events.
That fighting over the budget -- and Jindal's frequent trips out of state -- also caused their in-state popularity to plummet. In their first year as governor, 77 percent of Louisianans thought they were doing a good job. By last month, the figure had fallen to 32 percent, an all-time low.
[As they near a 2016 bid, Louisiana's Bobby Jindal hits political bottom]
Jindal's advisers are hoping that the only place to go now is up.
"Nobody knows who they are," as one aide put it. They believe most voters still only remember the governor from their botched response speech, and that -- if the bar is set that low -- voters will be pleasantly surprised to hear a more polished, experienced Jindal speak now.
They will spend this Thursday and Friday in New Hampshire and Iowa, with more travel scheduled after that. Aides think he's an excellent retail politician, and that their up-from-the-bootstraps story will resonate in a contest with former Florida governor Jeb Bush, the heir to a presidential dynasty.
In preparation for this run, Jindal's supporters launched a super PAC called "Believe Again." That motto echoed one from Jindal's first inaugural address as governor: "I'm asking you to once again believe in Louisiana."
But, in this crowded field, Jindal doesn't even have a full claim on their own slogan. BuzzFeed reported this week that Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Tex.), was also using "Believe Again" as a slogan for their own, better-polling presidential campaign.
Hohmann reported from Washington.
Warning: This post contains spoilers for season seven of Game of Thrones.
Game of Thrones is usually spoken about in the context of recent TV spectacles — both the shows that garner similarly huge ratings, like The Walking Dead, and those that shared its ambitious taste for high drama, like Mad Men or Breaking Bad. But the seventh-season premiere, which aired Sunday night, called to mind something far lower-brow: The final moments of a season of reality TV.
That's no dig: From Survivor to RuPaul's Drag Race, the tension on competition-based series — which Thrones, in its seventh year moving toward an answer to the question “Who will rule?,” surely is — ratchets up in the most artful way once the field has been winnowed down. That's when those still vying for the prize are no longer in chaotic melee mode but judging their moves carefully, waiting for the right time to make their move. The betrayals and the last cullings hurt all the more, but they're preceded by a moment, however brief, of the purest calculation.
MORE: The 20 Most Essential Game of Thrones Episodes
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
Of course Daenerys (Emilia Clarke) and Tyrion (Peter Dinklage) were saved for episode's end — at which point they literally contemplated a gameboard, plotting their moves on a chessboard-style map of Westeros. These are the characters whose odd-couple movement toward endgame (she's blunt, fiery force, he's a subtle tactician) seem to elicit the most interest from the show itself; their final sequence, beginning with a beautifully photographed procession on the beaches of Dragonstone, felt at first blush almost too similar to the majestic final scene of season 6, from the visuals to the music. But that previous sequence was all about potential — anything still seemed possible. Daenerys is, now, but one of the characters thinking through their moves, a process of deciding that will necessarily foreclose some options.
Cersei (Lena Headey) seems all too aware that too many of what had once been their viable options for consolidating power are no longer available. Working on a larger board — a map of Westeros painted on a floor of their palace — Cersei has never been more painfully poignant as when they railed against their enemies, all those who've turned against them In previous seasons, Cersei could command with a look. Now, Headey sells Cersei's damaged psyche with petulant and troubling rants against all those for whom they have no time. The regal figure who once instructed those who feared them that in the game of thrones, you win or you die now practically whined: “I understand whoever loses dies.” But they have no pity for the dead, including their late son Tommen. Little wonder Jaime (Nikolaj Coster-Waldau), a character whose moral complexity sometimes goes underexamined, seemed quite so troubled by what they saw.
MORE: Here's Every Major Theory About Game of Thrones Season 7
Not everything in the season premiere worked as well as did these rhyming scenes of two queens, one losing ground and one standing ready to gain it, contemplating the size of their respective maps. A cameo by platinum-selling recording artist Ed Sheeran was far too distracting to be really worthwhile, and a scene in which Sandor Clegane (Rory McCann) received a prophecy felt like the portion of this over-an-hour episode that might have been pruned back a bit. But I return, again and again in memory, to various scenes that play up the power of characters who've been too often disempowered (often violently) on Thrones: The women, from Cersei to Daenerys to Sansa and Arya Stark — both, in keeping with the show's scattered, watchful moves toward an ultimate reunion, working separately. For both Stark sisters this episode represented a meaningful coming-into-their-own. Sansa, the elder (Sophie Turner) has become a gifted tactician, proving in a debate with brother Jon that she's putting to use all they learned from Cersei but adding in a dose of cold-bloodedness that Cersei, lost in a vengeful game of their own devising, can no longer manage. Arya, in an opening scene that at first beggared belief — Hey, didn't Arya kill Walder Frey last season?, viewers wondered, shortly before remembering that Arya has mastered disguising themselves in others' faces — got the big mass-kill scene their partisans had been waiting for.
But it wasn't all red meat for fans. The crisp editing of the Arya sequence, exploiting dramatic irony right up to the breaking point, was one among numerous scenes that seemed to indicate Thrones isn't just keeping up to its old standards but actually learning new tricks. Another was the introduction of Samwell Tarly's life in Old Town — who knew this show, which has mastered wartime action but had never produced a quickfire sequence quite like this one, with its repetitive chamber pots to be emptied, could be quite this sharp?
MORE: George R. R. Martin on the One Game of Thrones Change They ‘Argued Against'
It's Sam (John Bradley-West) who seems, almost by accident, to be at the center of one of the show's defining debates — whether or not the Wall will hold back the marauding forces beyond it. Even casual viewers have reason to disbelieve that, but historian Maester Marwyn (Jim Broadbent) delivers a lecture about the long history of fear in Westeros, each time proven to be fallacious. “The wall stood through it all, and every winter that ever came has ended,” they say. That's another thing about TV — from reality to the sort that just seems at times to echo reality. Those best prepared to triumph are those who are willing to roll with perpetual evolution. TV thrives on change, and Game of Thrones, in ways big and small, has already begun delivering.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Anti-war activists hold a Picnic for Peace outside the White House in Washington in support of the Iran nuclear deal. (Yuri Gripas/Reuters)
American opinions on the Iran nuclear agreement have grown sharply polarized along party lines, according to a new poll ­released Tuesday as the White House closes in on support needed in the Senate to block Republican opposition to the deal.
A survey by the University of Maryland's Program for Public Consultation finds that Americans narrowly support the deal, with 52 percent wanting Congress to approve it and 47 percent wanting the pact rejected.
Democrats and Republicans are polar opposites in their view of the accord, which would lift international sanctions against the Islamic republic in exchange for Iran restricting its nuclear program so it cannot build nuclear weapons for a decade or longer. Nearly 7 in 10 Democrats support the deal. An identical share of Republicans are opposed. Among independents, 6 in 10 express support.
The poll helps explain the White House strategy of focusing on Democratic support in Congress in advance of a vote on whether to “disapprove” the agreement reached between Iran and six world powers, including the United States. Virtually all Republicans have said they will vote against the deal. The administration is just three votes shy of the 34 needed in the Senate to sustain a presidential veto, allowing it to proceed.
The unique, detailed survey, which gave respondents a briefing on the issue vetted by congressional staffers and outlined core arguments for and against the agreement, shows Democratic support largely unchanged from similar in-depth surveys before the final deal was reached in July. But Republican backing has eroded dramatically, swinging from majority support to overwhelming opposition. A similar survey in February found that more than 6 in 10 people overall backed the broad outlines of a deal, with majorities among both Democrats and Republicans.
The new survey and other polls suggest that a massive campaign to stop the deal has gained traction with the public. Other recent polls, providing few details or specifics of the deal, have generally found Americans tenuous about the agreement and tilting toward opposition.
For example, 55 percent of voters opposed the deal in a Quinnipiac University poll released Monday — more than double the 25 percent who supported it. A mid-August CNN-ORC poll found 56 percent saying Congress should reject the deal, though in a separate question, 50 percent supported the broad framework.
Democrats in particular remain supportive of the agreement and largely unpersuaded by Republican arguments against it.
“I'm more in agreement with the president and [Secretary of State John F.] Kerry and the others who say it's a necessity and it would delay or prevent any kind of nuclear development,” said ­Jutka Enochs, 72, a retired teacher from the San Francisco Bay area who took part in a recent Washington Post-ABC News poll. “I have a negative reaction always to Republican tactics. I think they're trying to utilize anything hopeful for their own benefits, and using scare tactics.”
But some Americans have found their attitudes shifting as the debate has ground on, morphing from an initial hopefulness to wariness about Iran's willingness to comply to outright opposition.
“I had hoped this would be a good deal,” said Diane Kugler, 61, a retired schoolteacher from Appleton, Wis., who considers themselves an independent voter. “But the more I've read and heard, I really feel this is not a good deal.
“I feel history is repeating itself. It's Neville Chamberlain trying to make a deal with Hitler. I think we're running into the same situation here, because they're still saying ‘Death to America' and calling for the annihilation of Israel.”
Iran has finally reached a nuclear deal with the U.S. and international partners. Here's what's in the deal, and what happens next. (Gillian Brockell and Julio C. Negron/The Washington Post)
With two weeks remaining before Congress votes on Sept. 17, the surveys suggest attitudes toward the complex, nuanced agreement are malleable and could turn against the deal.
One in 5 in the Quinnipiac poll offered no opinion. In some other surveys, at least a third to more than half had no opinion. Despite wide coverage of the deal's announcement and Obama's news conferences, many Americans have not paid close attention to the issue. An August Kaiser Family Foundation survey found 28 percent of respondents saying they followed news about the deal “very closely.”
While the University of Maryland poll found a slight majority supporting the deal, large majorities of respondents said core criticisms of the deal were compelling.
Nearly 8 in 10 said the decision to provide negotiated access to any suspicious, undeclared sites instead of “anytime, anywhere” inspections throughout Iran was a convincing reason to reject the deal.
Almost as many said another compelling reason was the estimated $100 billion Iran will receive of its own money currently frozen in accounts under sanctions. Critics call the money's release a windfall and say it will fuel Iran's expansionist ambitions throughout the region.
Those worries mirror a strong vein of distrust toward Iran captured in polls before and after the deal was announced. Most Americans lack confidence that the agreement will stop Iran from developing a nuclear weapon and expect it to cheat.
Republicans in particular fault the Obama administration for failing to negotiate a more favorable deal.
“I think that we negotiated from a position of weakness,” said Fred Morris, 72, a retired insurance executive from DeSoto, Tex., in suburban Dallas, and a Republican. “We acquiesced every time the Iranians said they wanted something, and they gave up nothing in return, as far as I can tell. The only thing Mr. Obama and others who support the treaty seem to think is talking is better than fighting. I'm not sure that's a reasonable position.”
The University of Maryland survey was conducted online Aug. 17-20 among a national sample of 702 registered voters. Respondents were drawn from a Nielsen Scarborough survey panel that was initially recruited by randomly sampling phone numbers and mailing addresses. Overall results have a margin of sampling error of plus or minus 3.7 percentage points.
Peyton M. Craighill contributed to this report.
My excitement at being on the banks of the mighty Brahmaputra for the first time lasted all of two minutes.
The great river, I was told, was at its narrowest here in Guwahati, yet the far bank appeared to fade into the far hills. For a minute, my eye ran over two islands dripping with vegetation and the vast volume of water sluggishly rolling by. That's when I saw the small mountain of garbage, carelessly and indiscriminately dumped outside a rusting fence next to the river. Since I am as fascinated by the detritus of urban civilisation as by natural beauty, I spent another minute gazing at the composition of the trash: plastic, thermacol, rags, rotting food, a dead cat.
A sudden wave of revulsion ended the investigation and my tryst with the Brahmaputra.
Elsewhere in Guwahati, it was hard for my municipally-oriented mind—my wife says my true calling is the public works department—to ignore the shattered roads and smelly drains under uneven pavements. Outside my homestay in a neighbourhood called Hatigaon Chariali, there were no pavements, the drains filled with black gunk were frequently uncovered, and intermittent hints of asphalt amid the loose gravel, dust, and ditches indicated there was supposed to be a road here.
Regardless, life, as it always does in India, flowed on, accepting and understanding of the chaos.
The chaos has been heightened in urban India this year because of an unusually rough monsoon that has repeatedly battered cities such as Mumbai, Bengaluru, Ahmedabad, and Guwahati, leaving them more ramshackle and smellier than usual. Roads have repeatedly turned into rivers, neighbourhoods in low-lying and poorly drained areas have stayed inundated for days, and commuters have spent large parts of their days stranded in traffic stalled by water, trash-choked drains, and broken roads. Such infrastructure-challenging days are likely to increase as the effects of climate change and concretisation accelerate, bringing more intense, damaging downpours.
To be sure, India's urban population has surged, from 109 million in 1971 to 377 million in 2011. Of this 268 million increase over 40 years, more than a third, or 91 million—the combined current population of Germany and Sweden—occurred over a decade from 2001. But this data is now six years old and does not appear to reflect the ever-accelerating pace of urbanisation. Satellite images indicate that half of India may now be living in cities, instead of 31% as Census 2011 showed. Most countries would struggle to prepare cities for more than 650 million people. China has, of course, but it does not allow village folk to live in cities without permits. India, unlike its richer neighbour, does not and cannot stop unfettered migration.
Worse for wear
Indian cities were not always like this. Consider the 1970s, a time when I was growing up. There is no question that cities were cleaner, greener, and better run. Of course there were vast slums, built of sackcloth and stick and, in many ways, more miserable than those of today. But large swathes of primary cities had a sylvan, clean core, and you could argue that a (smaller) middle class had a better quality of life. Today's cities have become engines of growth and improved material prospects for many more millions of Indians—the proportion of city dwellers living in slums has fallen by half since 1991—but the quality of life has, in many ways, plummeted. Half of the world's top 20 polluted cities, for instance, are in India.
The effects of this tide of humanity migrating to cities are made worse by a simultaneous crumbling of urban administrative authority. Cities without strong power centres and accountability can no longer cope with exponential growth. Prosperity has made cities richer but it has increased opportunities for corruption, or—as academics like to call it—rent-seeking. Very little gets done without multiple levels of authority charging rent, which comes from their share of a city's budget. Prime minister Narendra Modi may boast of reducing corruption, but he's referring to only the corridors of their ministries. In the cities beyond, roads are not built, garbage is not collected and crimes are not investigated without payoffs. A reasonably dedicated, professionally qualified core of engineers, planners, and administrators has given way to venal, ill-prepared replacements who place their interests above the cities they serve.
New authorities have come into being, each reluctant to cooperate with the other. In Bengaluru, commuters risk life and limb trying to change over from new metro stations to older railway stations: linking bridges or pavements are not being built because metro, railway, and civic officials squabble and spend their time communicating through letters. Many flyovers have been hanging in mid-air for years because contracts were handed out and payments made without land being made available for flyovers to made landfall.
In Mumbai, a spanking new monorail isn't used because its stations are in the middle of nowhere and do not connect to other means of transport; a new monorail line took so long to build that the Malaysian company making its trains discontinued the production line, which is now being upgraded while Mumbai waits. Road-building contracts are repeatedly given to so-called blacklisted companies. In Delhi, as a garbage mountain ravages the lives of those who live around it—collapsing once in a trash avalanche that swept away vehicles and shanties and killed people—a web of feuding authorities controlled by central and state governments fail to launch the only long-term solution possible: garbage segregation.
Some smaller and traditionally better-run cities, such as Mysore and Chandigarh, are better at garbage collection and general order, but they too are fraying at the seams. Every city is being denuded of its trees because there exists no plan or coordinating authority for roads, metros, flyovers, and parks for each city. From Shillong to Ahmedabad, from Srinagar to Rameshwaram, the urban governance crisis is visible and worsening.
AP Photo/Rajanish Kakade Mumbai's new monorail isn't used because its stations are in the middle of nowhere and do not connect to other means of transport.
In for hard times
Do not expect a political solution. Indeed, as many experts have pointed out, politics is at the heart of India's inability to create empowered, directly elected leaders and power centres responsible for taking charge of cities. Every city has a mayor, but they or they have no real powers, which are vested in a set of bureaucrats running various departments. Many of these officials are earnest and honest, but lone rangers cannot ensure metropolitan transformation. Big-ticket plans and budgets are controlled by state politicians, usually elected from the hinterland and with no interest in individual cities. In many emerging and advanced countries, mayors make their careers by transforming cities; in India, they make their money, cut a ribbon or two and fade into oblivion.
Urban reform is one of India's greatest political and administrative challenges. To dismantle corrupt interest groups will not be easy, as Bengaluru's inability to deposit salaries directly into the bank accounts of its street sweepers has shown. A cabal of garbage contractors—who hire the sweepers, keep a host of ghost sweepers on their rolls and take a cut in the salaries—has successfully stalled reform, stopping trash collection every time the municipality attempts direct cash payments. The sweepers are cheated, as is a city that has gone from being known as a garden city to a garbage city.
The bad news: India's cities are likely to worsen. The good news: There is none.
This post first appeared on Scroll.in. We welcome your comments at ideas.india@qz.com.
Do you know Alles? It's one of the best Polish lingerie brands and I still feel that there's so little about them on the internet. I guess I haven't seen a full review of their product yet. In Poland they're mainly recognized by their nursing bras – pretty, modern, comfortable and with wide sizing. Anyway, their “regular” bras are also really great. Every style is usually made in a few different constructions divided to: U (which stands for “usztywniony” – padded), PU (which stands for “półusztywniony” – semi-soft), M (which stands for “miękki” – soft) and P-UP (push-up). Working in a brafitting shop that offers their products I can see the company's changing, improving constructions and fabrics and adding new styles.
Znacie Allesa? To jedna z najlepszych polskich marek biustonoszy, a nadal mam wrażenie, że bardzo mało jest ich w sieci. Nie natknęłam się chyba do tej pory na pełną recenzję ich biustonosza. W Polsce znani są głównie ze względu na fajną gamę karmników – ładnych, nowoczesnych, wygodnych i w szerokiej rozmiarówce. Bardzo fajne są natomiast także ich „zwykłe” staniki. Każdy model wychodzi zazwyczaj w kilku konstrukcjach podzielonych na: U (usztywniony), PU (półusztywniony), M (miękki) i P-UP (push-up). Pracując w salonie brafitterskim oferującym ich produkty widzę także, jak firma się rozwija, poprawia konstrukcje i materiały, dodaje także nowe kroje.
It's a pity that they're making soft bras so rarely! Happily I managed to grab one of their bestseller styles in a soft version (M). 😉
Szkoda tylko, że tak rzadko odszywają miękkusy! Na szczęście udało mi się dorwać jeden z ich bestsellerowych wzorów właśnie w konstrukcji M. 😉
THE DESIGN | WYGLĄD
The name is adequate to the pattern – this bra is decorated with vintage flower garden on a navy base. Aren't you bored with flowers yet? I am definitely not, I've been loving them for years now and I don't stop adoring them and being surprised with them at all. Well, I'm just this kind of romantic soul. 😀
Nazwa jest oczywiście adekwatna do wzoru – biustonosz zdobi kwiecisty ogród w stylu vintage na granatowym tle. Nie znudziły Wam się jeszcze kwiaty? Mi absolutnie nie, od lat kocham takie nadruki i nawet w najmniejszym stopniu nie przestaję się nimi zachwycać czy zaskakiwać. Ot, taka romantyczna dusza. 😀
In case of Garden and most other styles by this brand the pattern is printed on a great quality satin made of microfiber. It's really nice to touch! This bra is finished with a simple lace.
W modelu Garden oraz w większości staników tej firmy nadruk jest naniesiony na świetnej jakości satynę z mikrofibry. Jest niezwykle przyjemna w dotyku! Całość wykończona jest prostą koronką.
To complete the set I own two pairs of panties – I just couldn't decide. Alles is faultless when it comes to bottoms, they are always amazing. They're made of the same fabric that covers the bra. I particularly took a liking for the higher ones. Those are my first briefs in this kind of style and I have to admit I feel great wearing them. They're really comfy, but they also fit my body shape in my opinion. I was kind of worried about my boyfriend's opinion (most of the people would consider them grannies pants nowadays…), but it was unnecessary. 🙂
Do kompletu posiadam dwie pary majtek – nie mogłam się zdecydować. Alles jest bezbłędny jeżeli chodzi o doły, absolutnie zawsze są powalające. Wykonane są z dokładnie tego samego materiału wierzchniego biustonosza. Szczególnie upodobałam sobie model z podwyższonym stanem. To moje pierwsze figi o takim kroju i muszę przyznać, że czuję się w nich świetnie. Są bardzo wygodne, ale też moim zdaniem bardzo pasują do mojego typu sylwetki. Trochę obawiałam się reakcji mojego chłopaka (w końcu w dzisiejszych czasach większość osób niestety uznałaby je za babciowe…), ale niepotrzebnie. 🙂
THE SHAPE AND CONSTRUCTION | KSZTAŁTOWANIE I KONSTRUKCJA
Garden is not a kind of remarkably uplifting balconette, but do our busts really have to always look like two perfect balls right under our chins? 😉 Both band and cups are covered with soft and flexible satin lined with more stable mesh. Theoretically the band seems to be too stretchy, but it works surprisingly well. Unfortunately Alles makes most of their bras (and zero soft cup bras) from the band 65 (about 30), so I needed to alter mine down. I've also noticed that the band seems to stretch while wearing it throughout a day and after washing it comes back to its primary state. By the way – I ALWAYS hhandwashmy bras.
Garden nie jest wybitnie podnoszącą balkonetką, ale tak naprawdę czy nasz biust zawsze musi wyglądać jak dwie idealne kule pod brodą? 😉 Zarówno obwód jak miseczki pokryte są miękką i rozciągliwą satyną podszytą bardziej stabilną siateczką. Teoretycznie obwód wydaje się mocno rozciągliwy, ale ku mojemu zdziwieniu naprawdę bardzo dobrze pracuje. Niestety Alles szyje większość swoich biustonoszy (w tym wszystkie miękkie) od obwodu 65, więc ja mój egzemplarz musiałam zwęzić. Zauważyłam też taką zależność, że stanik jakby lekko się naciąga podczas noszenia w ciągu dnia, a po praniu wraca do swojego pierwotnego wymiaru. Tak przy okazji – ZAWSZE piorę staniki ręcznie.
The upper part of the cup is made of an elastic lace, which gives considerable reserve of space which can be helpful in case of asymmetrical breasts. And here's another surprise, cause looking at it I would never say I could fit in it. I've bought it in my regular European size or rather its sister size – 65G. Theoretically this bra in this size is too small for me, but after scooping and correct putting on a bra the soft wires and elastic lace are expanding and BAM! Everything's great. 🙂 The central gore lays on my sternum, the wires are ending after my breast tissue and there's no quadraboob situation. I need to add here that my breasts are close set, so in case of women with wider set boobies this trick wouldn't work unfortunately.
Górną część miseczki tworzy elastyczna koronka, co daje spory margines dopasowania, na przykład przy asymetrii. I tu kolejne zaskoczenie, gdyż patrząc na biustonosz nigdy nie powiedziałabym, że się w niego zmieszczę. Kupiłam go w moim najczęstszym rozmiarze europejskim, czy też raczej jego siostrzanym rozmiarze – 65G. Teoretycznie w tym rozmiarze ten stanik jest na mnie za mały, ale po wygarnięciu i właściwym ułożeniu biustu miękkie fiszbiny i elastyczna miska naciągają się i BAM! Wszystko gra. 🙂 Karczek przylega do mostka, fiszbiny sięgają za pierś, górą nic się nie wylewa. Trzeba tu dodać, że mój biust ma wąską podstawę, także u kobiet z szerszą podstawą taki trik by niestety nie zadziałał.
Being a kind-of-too-small makes this bra veeery low cut on the sides. And here's another warning, if you have got a lot of tissue under your armpits to hide, then I wouldn't recommend fitting like I did plus possibly choosing this bra in general, because it just won't hide too much. BUT thanks to this low cut this bra is so remarkably comfortable. SERIOUSLY. It's very very super comfortable. 🙂 It makes me love to wear it in lazy days under looser clothes. If we add to it excellently made bottoms, then we get a beautiful and ultracomfortable set. Every each of us needs this kind of underwear at least from time to time.
Taka niby-przymałość powoduje natomiast, że biustonosz ma jak na moje wymiary baaardzo niskie zabudowanie. I tu kolejne ostrzeżenie, jeżeli macie sporo boczków do ukrycia, to raczej nie polecam próbować ani takiego dopasowania jak przedstawione u mnie ani chyba ogólnie tego biustonosza, bo po prostu niespecjalnie cokolwiek zostanie tam zebrane. ALE z kolei dzięki tak niskiemu zabudowaniu stanik jest wręcz niesamowicie wygodny. SERIO. Jest bardzo bardzo super wygodny. 🙂 To sprawia, że uwielbiam go nosić w bardziej leniwe dni pod luźniejsze ubrania. Jeżeli dodamy do tego te świetnie wykonane majtki, to otrzymamy przepiękny i ultrakomfortowy zestaw. Każda z nas potrzebuje takiej bielizny przynajmniej od czasu do czasu.
Alles makes rather undersized panties. I've bought mine in size 38 and my usual European size is 36. Maybe in case of classic style (here: higher) 36 would be ok, cause there's a large strechy area, but they're only sewed from 38.
Majtki z tej firmy zazwyczaj wypadają nieduże. Ja dla przykładu kupiłam je w rozmiarze 38, zamiast najczęściej wybieranego europejskiego 36. Być może z modelu klasycznego (tutaj: podwyższonego) wystarczyłoby 36, bo mamy tu dużą powierzchnię naciągu, ale są one szyte dopiero od 38.
Whom to would I recommend Alles? To every woman that prefers comfort to perfect fitting to current esthetical standards. I'm not talking about fitting in respect of brafitting rules, in case of construction those bras have got a big thumbs up!
Komu polecę Allesa? Każdej kobiecie, która przekłada wygodę nad idealne dopasowanie biustonosza do obecnych standardów estetycznych. Nie mówię o dopasowaniu pod kątem zasad brafittingu, konstrukcyjnie te staniki mają naprawdę dużego plusa!
Buziaki
xoxo
Advertisements
The average sales price for a manufactured home in 2013 was $64,000, according to the Census Bureau, while the average sales price for a single-family home was $324,000. The single-family site-built home includes the land, though, while owners of manufactured homes often have to still grapple with landlords and leasing issues. But the structure itself is nevertheless significantly cheaper: New manufactured homes cost around $43 per square foot; site-built homes cost $93 per square foot.
"In many areas, working class families are priced out of the market to buy homes," said said Stacey Epperson, the president and CEO of NextStep, which connects the manufactured home industry with affordable housing groups. "But for us, homeownership is still part of the American dream."
New Hampshire residents Wanita Ordway and their husband Kevin are once such working-class family: Kevin is a carpenter, Wanita is retired. They were looking at rentals, and then stumbled across a manufactured house last year that cost just $87,500 for the structure and the two acres of land it's on.
It's spacious, Ordway said, with three bedrooms, two baths, a fireplace, a family room, and a breakfast nook with an island in the kitchen. The kitchen is cheerily wallpapered with images of fruits, and the bathroom has ivy wallpaper. When Wanita asked the utility company to audit the house to see how much energy it used over the cold winter, they discovered it was too energy efficient to even qualify for an audit.
“It's just a wonderful option for people who cannot get a conventional home,” they said. “If you get past the stereotype of a mobile home, these are just as well-constructed as a stick home.”
There are currently about 18 million Americans living in manufactured homes, and the houses make up the largest stock of unsubsidized housing in the country, according to the Manufactured Housing Institute. That is becoming more important as government budgets shrink and Americans prioritize other policy areas over public spending on subsidized housing.
This type of residence used to be known as a mobile home, and was often poorly built and inexpensive, a refuge for those on the outskirts of society who couldn't afford anything better. Then, in 1976, HUD building codes went into effect regulating design and construction of the units, and in 1980, Congress changed the name from “mobile home” to “manufactured home.”
The quality of some of these homes have improved significantly since then. There are, of course, the swanky pre-fab homes by Muji and architecture and design firm ARKit that would make any apartment-dweller salivate. But even the low-cost pre-fab homes have gotten snappier: They are Energy Star versions, models with marble countertops and sunken baths, models with fireplaces and porches and dormer windows.
“These are homes that travel down the highway at 55 miles-per-hour, which site-built homes don't,” said Paul Bradley, the president of Resident Owned Communities USA, a group that works to help residents of mobile-home parks or manufactured-housing communities buy their own land. “You can inarguably buy very good quality, very energy-efficient HUD-code homes that are better built than site-built ones.”
Quote:
Originally Posted by
I think the pocket tv would be preferred as it seems more aimed at creating a user friendly smart tv and has the better gpu to handle graphics intensive apps better. It also seems to have a custom ui which if correct would be nicer than scrolling through the default ics one with a wireless mouse.
The ram of 512 mb is fine for a smart tv, and for most games, though if it had 1 gb ram it would be perfect but then I would assume it would push price up which might price it too high for some people.
Both devices are good but the pocket tv appears more user friendly and would cope better with gaming and videos. The ram difference might swing some people who prefer more of it but as a whole package the pocket tv appeals to me more because of the hardware used because it would be great to play deadspace or asphalt on with the air remote
Dave
( http://www.google.com/producer/editi...bigfatuniverse )
Sent from my LG P920 using Tapatalk 2
(CNN) The European Union is arguably the world's most powerful bloc. But it's about to lose the United Kingdom, one of its biggest members. Just how and when the UK leaves the EU will have implications that ripple around the globe.
So, you've heard about Brexit but haven't been keeping up with every twist and turn of the developments. (We get it. You're busy.)
No worries. Here's everything you need to know to become an insta-pundit.
What is Brexit?
Britain + exit = Brexit. It's the idea (once unthinkable) that the Brits will leave the European Union. But in a stunning result the United Kingdom voted to do just that in a bitterly fought referendum in June 2016.
Since then it's been talks, disputes, finger-pointing and threats -- just like your typical divorce.
But the UK and the EU finally might have reached an agreement in which they can finalize their split.
JUST WATCHED What's next for Brexit Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH What's next for Brexit 01:28
How does it impact the rest of the world?
If you're a European nation: You have the most to lose -- on so many fronts. Just under half of the UK's exports go to the EU. Just over half of its imports come from the other 27 nations in the bloc. All of that is now up for a (painful) renegotiation. Then, think about diplomacy. Whenever Europe's done something useful on that front, the UK -- a serious military power -- has often been in the driver's seat. So, the EU is losing a heavyweight.
If you're the US: The world's already dangerous and volatile enough. Some in the United States may worry that the unraveling of the union -- a vital ally -- will unleash more instability. The UK's also America's seventh-biggest trading partner. Why rock the boat on such a sweet status quo?
If you're any other nation: The UK is the fifth biggest national economy in the world. Think of the effect Brexit will have on the world's markets. Even if they don't collapse, the uncertainty is bad enough. Markets, you see, love stability. And unstable markets = potential bad news for your country's economy.
JUST WATCHED What's at stake if a Brexit deal falls through Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH What's at stake if a Brexit deal falls through 01:07
Ok, wait. Before we go any further: What's the difference between England, Great Britain and the United Kingdom?
We sometimes use them interchangeably (and incorrectly). So, here's a quick geography lesson.
The United Kingdom is not a single country but a country of countries. It's made up of four nations:
England
Scotland
Wales
Northern Ireland
Great Britain is the island that holds England, Scotland and Wales.
And England is the big dog. It's the most populous part of the UK and holds its capital, London.
And what's the EU?
The European Union is a bloc of 28 countries that decided it would be cool if its citizens could go about vacationing and trading with each other without worrying about all the red tape.
Its roots date back to the period after World War II. After six years of fighting, Europe was decimated. Economies were in the toilet. Old enemies had to accept the fact they needed to live with each other (like France and its old occupier, Germany). So, little by little, countries started forming partnerships.
By the 1990s, we had the modern European Union. It represents half a billion people.
The idea is: If you're linked economically, you're less likely to bicker and fight.
JUST WATCHED What is the European Union? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH What is the European Union? 02:00
Sounds like a great idea. So, what's the problem with the EU?
It sounds like a happy marriage. But you know how that goes. When world events walk in, these countries all react differently. They fight over how to deal with refugees coming to their shores. They can't agree on financial matters. They're mad that some of them have to pony up more than others to bail out countries that are doing terribly. And this has given rise to anti-EU parties all across Europe.
JUST WATCHED Trump calls European Union a 'foe' of the US Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Trump calls European Union a 'foe' of the US 02:02
Has a country ever left the EU before?
No country has, but the world's largest island did. Greenland, which is part of Denmark, was part of the EU until it left in 1985. (The rest of Denmark stayed.)
The UK will be the first bona fide country to leave. Greece has thought seriously about it, though. That would be Grexit (another story altogether).
But think about the precedent that's about to be set. When the UK leaves, other EU countries might start eyeing the door too. That means the EU could slowly fall apart. And that could have huge consequences for the economy and stability. (Remember when we talked about why the EU came into being in the first place?)
JUST WATCHED How 'Brexit' could impact Greece Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH How 'Brexit' could impact Greece 02:40
It's been two years since the Brits voted 'yes' on Brexit. What's the holdup?
Turns out untangling a 45-year marriage is not as easy as the Brexiters claimed it would be. The fear of creating some serious unintended consequences (economic or otherwise) is high, and many hurdles have yet to be overcome. The delays, the dangers and the constant bickering are now -- just two months before Britain is due to leave -- prompting some who voted for Brexit to change their minds, opinion polls suggest. Remember all those Brits Googling "What is Brexit?" the day after they voted for it?
JUST WATCHED Brexit showdown bringing uncertainty to UK Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Brexit showdown bringing uncertainty to UK 01:48
What's happening now? Why's Brexit back in the news?
They've been trying to hammer out a divorce deal, since the UK soon will be outside of the EU trading block. The thought of the UK tumbling out of the EU without a future trade deal scares the living daylights out of business people in Britain and all across Europe. The negotiations have been tough sledding. But finally, after more than two years of wrangling, they came up with this: a draft agreement (in an easy-to-read 585 pages ) that laid out how the UK will leave the EU on Friday, March 29, 2019.
But, under that plan, the UK would stay inside the EU's single market and still be subject to EU laws and regulations until the end of 2020. That would give everyone enough time to ... hammer out a future trade deal. So yes, probably two more years of the same.
So, essentially the UK would leave the EU by basically staying in it for another two years. That's clear, right?
Oh, one other important thing: The agreement guarantees protections for the more than 3 million EU citizens in the UK, and over 1 million UK nationals in EU countries to continue to live, work or study as they currently do.
JUST WATCHED Theresa May stands firm, defends Brexit draft Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Theresa May stands firm, defends Brexit draft 04:15
What's one of the biggest sticking points?
The Irish "hard border." Right now, the border between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland is open. People (and trade) move between the two nations with ease. There are fears that could change in a Brexit divorce. The Republic of Ireland is in the EU. But Northern Ireland, which is part of the UK, won't be in the EU trading bloc after the split. Normally that would require a so-called "hard border," with checkpoints, border crossings and other infrastructure. Those could seriously slow trade and other economic activity.
Irish politicians also fear they could escalate tensions and raise the need for security to be in place. (No one wants a return of the Troubles in which more than 3,600 people were killed.) Pro-Brexit types in Great Britain would be OK with a hard border if it means the UK can negotiate its own trade deals with other countries. So, the draft agreement maintains the status quo on the Irish border while the two sides work out a permanent solution.
Still confused? Here, we'll explain it with Lego.
JUST WATCHED Explaining the EU customs union with Legos Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Explaining the EU customs union with Legos 01:45
So did the agreement pass?
Nope. On January 15, the UK Parliament voted a resounding rejection of Theresa May's proposed Brexit plan. At 432 to 202, it was a historic defeat, with more than a hundred "no" votes cast by members of May's own party.
The resounding defeat even led Jeremy Corbyn, leader of the opposition Labour Party, to trigger a vote of no confidence in Theresa May, which could have led to a general election. But May survived the vote, clinging onto power by the skin of their teeth -- yet again.
JUST WATCHED Ready for school? Kids explain Brexit Replay More Videos ... MUST-WATCH Ready for school? Kids explain Brexit 01:32
What next, then?
May is still trying to salvage their deal, and could put it before parliament again with a few tweaks -- but it doesn't look likely that any version of their agreement would be able to pass. In theory, then, Britain would end up leaving on March 29 under the "no deal" scenario that businesses are fretting so much about.
But parliament might even block that from happening, and instead force May to extend Article 50 -- essentially kicking the can down the road, and making that date circled in red on the Brexit calendar pretty irrelevant after all.
That would give everyone more time to figure out a way forward -- whether it's holding more votes on May's deal, securing a dramatically new agreement or throwing it all back to the people, in the shape of a general election or second referendum.
And then there's the nuclear option -- Britain could, technically, revoke Article 50 and pretend the whole thing never happened. That's according to the European Court of Justice, which ruled in December that such a move would be legal. But that would hugely anger the millions of Brits who voted for Brexit -- so don't expect May to take that path any time soon.
JUST WATCHED Businesses growing concerned over no-deal Brexit Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Businesses growing concerned over no-deal Brexit 02:20
Will there be a re-vote on the referendum?
Some big-time Brits like former PM Tony Blair have been calling for this, but no, there are currently no plans to take this back before voters. British Prime Minister Theresa May has slammed the door shot on that idea, saying a new vote would be a "gross betrayal" of democracy. Them draft agreement will be voted on by the parliaments of the UK and the EU, and that's that, she's said.
That said, the campaign for a second go -- also being called a People's Vote -- has gathered pace, especially since May's deal was so emphatically defeated. Plenty of Labour MPs have been lobbying Corbyn to support it, and if that happens, it could start looking like the easiest way out of the mess.
Still, parliament would have to approve a second referendum and decide what options it would entail -- which could itself be a lengthy process.
Artist's illustration of NASA's possible Europa lander on the surface of the icy Jovian moon.
A potential NASA life-hunting mission to the surface of Jupiter's ocean-harboring moon Europa is really starting to take shape.
The stationary Europa lander would use three different instrument suites to search for signs of alien life in samples collected from just beneath the moon's icy surface, according to a new report by the 21-member "Science Definition Team" (SDT) for the possible mission.
These primary instruments would include an "organic compositional analyzer," a microscope system and a "vibrational spectrometer," stated the report, which was submitted to NASA on Tuesday (Feb. 7). [Europa May Harbor Simple Life-Forms (Video)]
"The science return possible from the model payload is such that, if life is present in Europa's ice at a level comparable to one of the most extreme and desolate of environments on Earth (Lake Vostok ice), then this mission could detect life in Europa's icy surface," the report's authors wrote. (Lake Vostok lies beneath the surface of the East Antarctic Ice Sheet.)
Hunting for alien life would be the mission's primary goal. But it would also seek to assess the habitability of the huge ocean of liquid water that sloshes beneath Europa's icy shell, and to characterize the moon's surface and near-surface environments to help enable future robotic missions.
Astrobiologists regard the 1,900-mile-wide (3,100 kilometers) Europa as one of the solar system's best bets to host alien life. Not only does the satellite host an ocean, but that ocean is thought to be in contact with Europa's rocky mantle, making possible all sorts of interesting chemical reactions. (Saturn's moon Enceladus appears to be the only other "ocean world" beyond Earth where this is the case, astronomers have said.)
NASA is already developing a flyby mission to Europa, which is scheduled to launch in the 2020s. This solar-powered spacecraft will orbit Jupiter and assess the moon's habitability during the course of 45 close encounters with Europa.
In late 2015, Congress ordered NASA to add a surface component to the Europa mission. The agency is currently studying the best ways to make this happen; the new SDT report is part of that process.
The current vision for the lander calls for it to be launched separately from the Europa flyby probe, according to the SDT report. The lander and a "carrier relay orbiter" (CRO) would lift off atop NASA's in-development Space Launch System (SLS) megarocket as early as 2024.
The mission would reach Jupiter about five years later, then perform a series of Jovian moon flybys over the next 1.5 years to prepare for arrival at Europa, the SDT report's authors wrote.
Once the mission got there, the CRO would stay in Europa orbit. The lander would touch down on the Jovian moon using retrorockets and a "sky crane" like the one that lowered NASA's Curiosity rover onto the Martian surface in August 2012. (Parachutes are not part of the plan, since Europa has no appreciable atmosphere.)
The lander would operate for at least 20 days, until its batteries died. The craft would collect samples from at least 4 inches (10 centimeters) beneath the Europan surface, to get material that hadn't been destroyed or transformed by the harsh radiation bombarding the moon. It would then relay the data back to Earth via the CRO.
The Europan radiation environment would likely limit the CRO's lifetime to about 30 days, according to the SDT team's report, "thus making a longer-lived lander mission difficult to justify."
The lander would be quite busy during its brief operational life, as its proposed instrument payload indicates.
"Along with the analytical suite for detailed analyses of samples, the Europa Lander model payload also includes a pair of color stereo imagers for examining the landing site in 3D (including capabilities for characterizing surface composition), and a seismic package for determining Europa's ice shell and ocean thickness through acoustic monitoring of cracking events in the ice shell," the SDT report states.
The SDT report is far from the last word on the Europa lander mission, which remains just a concept at the moment. For example, NASA will host town hall meetings at two upcoming scientific conferences — one in March and one in April — to get feedback from researchers about the SDT team's findings and recommendations.
You can read the full 264-page SDT report here: http://solarsystem.nasa.gov/docs/Europa_Lander_SDT_Report_2016.pdf
Follow Mike Wall on Twitter @michaeldwall and Google+. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook or Google+. Originally published on Space.com.
Update (8/11/17) – Deportivo Táchira have confirmed the sale of Nahuel Ferraresi to City Football Group, adding that they will go on loan to CA Torque prior to moving to NYCFC in January.
According to Venezuelan reporter Hernán Rodríguez, 18-year-old Venezuelan defender Naheul Ferraresi will join City Football Group this summer before moving to NYCFC in January 2018. Ferraresi will sign a contract with the parent company of New York City FC, Manchester City FC, Melbourne City FC and Club Atlético Torque according to the report. Rodríguez first broke the news on July 17th via their Twitter account.
According to Rodríguez, the decision as to where Ferraresi will go for the next six months lies ultimately with the players' father. The two options the player and their father were presented with were continuing to play at their current club Deportivo Táchira through the end of the year or join CFG's Uruguayan second division side, Club Atlético Torque through the end of the year. Regardless of where they spend the next six months, they are slated to join NYCFC in January.
Ferraresi is a center back who is currently playing for Deportivo Táchira in the Venezuelan first division. The young defender also starred for Venezuela's U-20 national team side at the U-20 World Cup this summer alongside Yangel Herrera.
Further adding credence to the claims that Ferraresi's will join CFG, Venezuelan reporter Federico Rojas claimed that the deal to sign Ferraresi and loan them to Torque was close to completion via their Twitter account.
Why Signing With CFG?
If the move is happening there are several questions worth asking, the most important of which is which team is they actually signing with? City Football Group oversees various teams and as we saw with the signing of Yangel Herrera it can be a bit complicated at times. Reports cite a deal with CFG, however players can not be contracted to the group, they must be signed to a team. In the case of Herrera they were signed by Manchester City and immediately sent on loan to NYCFC. Another recent example is the signing of Uriel Antuna from Santos Laguna. Laguna themselves issued a statement saying the deal with signed with City Football Group, not Manchester City which they ultimately joined before going out on loan.
Congratulations, @AntunaUriel! Best of luck in this new stage of your career. We know you'll make us proud. #OnceAGuerreroAlwaysAGuerrero pic.twitter.com/JafRQodrDL — ClubSantosLaguna (@ClubSantosEn) July 12, 2017
Why Not NYCFC Now?
The second question worth asking is if this move does go through, given New York City FC's lack of depth at center back, is why isn't they being signed by NYCFC.
As of now it's unclear. Patrick Vieira has stated they are looking to bring in three players before the end of the transfer deadline including a defender. NYCFC also have two international roster spots available as per MLS. One would assume Ferraresi would be replacing an outgoing defender with a higher salary number in the winter such as Jefferson Mena (who is still on loan) or Frederic Brillant.
Limiting NYCFC is the roster budget. Vieira told reporters during training that they are targeting three players but they will have to be creative to sign them. Reports have put the cap space for NYCFC around $200k meaning New York City don't have too much money to maneuver, however they can be creative.
With Miguel Camargo added to the season ending injury loan that number moves closer to $250k. Given that MLS salaries are prorated a player signed to a contract in midseason would only receive half of the annual pay through the end of the year. What that means is that three players earning $100k each at the beginning of the year would count as $300k total towards the budget but if signed midseason, would only lead to a cap hit of $150k total. This gives NYCFC much more room to operate than one can see at first glance. As of publishing, NYCFC have kept quiet in the transfer window without any names publicly linked to joining the side before the transfer deadline closes at the end of the day.
While it is still possible for Ferraresi to join NYCFC, recent reports indicate that they will be headed to Torque. Both Deportivo Táchira and NYCFC have not responded to a request to comment on the reports.
Update
On August 10th Chairman of Deportivo Táchira Jorge Silva confirmed that the deal was in place but not yet signed.
“It hasn't been signed, but the agreement is that Nahuel Ferraresi plays 5 months in Uruguay [Club Torque] and then plays at New York City [FC].”
A hike in Canada's bank rate in July, once considered a slam-dunk among the country's economic intelligentsia, appears no longer to be a sure thing when the Bank of Canada meets this week.
The Bank of Canada has becoming increasingly concerned about Canada's economic growth. ((CBC))
Flagging international economic growth and the central bank governor's worries about Canada's recovery have squeezed out inflationary concerns as the dominant storyline among economists.
Although most practitioners of the dismal science still believe Canada will face higher borrowing costs, many see rate hikes in the fall, not the summer. The Bank of Canada will make an announcement Tuesday at 9 a.m. ET.
"We think the BoC will need a minimum of a couple of quarters of solid economic growth in order to evaluate what kind of traction the economic recovery may have before it pulls the trigger lest it risk hiking and reversing course soon thereafter," wrote Scotiabank economists Derek Holt and Karen Cordes Woods in a July 8 commentary.
Change tack
Signals of a reduced likelihood for a July interest rate hike by the Bank of Canada came in late June.
In an interview with the Wall Street Journal, Bank of Canada governor Mark Carney spoke of the strong "headwinds" faced by Canada's economy in the coming months.
Instead of a central banker's usual obsession with inflation, Carney talked about GDP growth concerns.
BMO senior economists Michael Gregory and Benjamin Reitzes believe the bank will do nothing on July 19.
BMO predicts the central bank's overnight rate will stay at the current one per cent level until the fall and wind up at 1.35 per cent by the end of the year.
Growing pains
Like many economists, Gregory and Reitzes find themselves trying to make interest rate predictions based upon contradictory evidence.
Canada's trading partners are only slowly recovering, even as the rising value of the loonie makes Canadian goods less competitive in the global marketplace.
So far, Canada's exports have not recovered to pre-recession levels.
Canadian exports have not returned to pre-recession levels. ((Rob Short/CBC))
In May 2011, Canada sold almost $37 billion in merchandise to foreign countries, a gain of 7.8 per cent compared with May 2010.
Prior to the recession in May 2008, national exports hit $42 billion. And the difference in sales is even greater when higher prices are taken into account.
Exports in all of 2010 were 17 per cent below 2008 levels, again before adjusting for inflation.
Canada's tepid export recovery is not merely a reflection of flagging demand by foreigners.
In mid-July, the Canadian currency was trading at $1.05 US, more than a dime higher than in July 2008, when the loonie was worth 93 cents US.
A high domestic dollar means that Canadian goods become more expensive when translated into foreign currencies.
Financial problems
As well, Europe and the United States face serious challenges to their economic recoveries.
Across the Atlantic, countries from Hungary to the United Kingdom could face a severe financial squeeze if a debt-laden country, such as Greece and Portugal, defaults.
That type of financial failure could lead to wider repercussions, as banking sectors in most European countries are exposed to these ailing countries.
"The risk of contagion to Italy and Spain marks a very dangerous and worrying turn in the eurozone saga," said David Tulk, chief Canada macro strategies for TD Bank Economics.
Political unrest in Greece has inflamed Europe's debt crisis. ((Petros Karadijas/Associated Press))
The U.S. economy does not appear to be faring any better.
Although not overly exposed to European debt, the United States faces a government stalemate over whether to increase Washington's ability to borrow more money.
Failure by the Obama administration and the Republican-led Congress to get a debt deal would risk forcing the world's biggest economy to default.
Even if Washington can escape this financial sword of Damocles, the U.S. economy still has too many individuals carrying too much debt and companies only cautiously investing in new machinery and employees.
Those factors have combined to dampen a U.S. retail recovery — with 2010 sales still 13 per cent below 2008 levels — and an American jobless rate still above nine per cent in mid-2011.
Inflationary dragon
Still, central bankers worry about inflation. And Carney is unlikely to ignore the recent acceleration in Canada's consumer price index (CPI).
In May, Canadian prices rose 3.7 per cent compared with the same month a year earlier. That gain represented the third month in a row in which the CPI was greater than three per cent, a crucial level for the Bank of Canada.
Canada's central bank has a target range for inflation at between one per cent and three per cent. Anywhere inside the ropes keeps Carney's finger off the interest rate trigger.
At levels greater than three per cent for a prolonged period, however, the inflation hawks get chattering.
"The need for the bank to communicate better its determination to bring inflation back to target, even at the cost of surprising the market, was a stronger consideration [in favour of a rate hike], "said the C.D. Howe Institute, a Toronto-based economic think-tank.
The C.D. Howe Institute said the central bank should raise interest rates this time around to reduce worries among financial markets that Canada will to tolerate inflation at levels higher than the upward bounds of its own target.
A year ago, Acer ushered in a new generation of 8-inch Windows tablets with an offering that, sadly, underperformed the category's potential. This fall, Acer has made its Windows tablets even cheaper, while marginally improving its Android tablet lines.
At IFA 2014 in Berlin, Acer announced three new tablets: the Iconia Tab 8 W, the next of Acer's 8-inch Windows tablets; a larger, 10-inch Iconia Tab 10 Android tablet; and the Iconia One 8, which adds an 8-inch option to the existing 7-inch Iconia One.
Although Acer didn't divulge pricing for the new Iconia One, the company has emphasized the low cost of both of its Iconia Tabs. The Tab 8 W will be available this November for just $150, while the Iconia Tab 10 will be priced at $199 and ship this month. By contrast, Acer's first Iconia W3 tablet retails for $200.
When customers think of Windows tablets, they most likely think first of the Surface, Microsoft's line of well-engineered, pricey Windows tablets. Acer's clearly headed in the opposite direction. For the $1,949 price of a single Core i7/512GB Surface Pro 3, you could buy 13 Tab 8 Ws. And there's an additional bonus, too: Each Iconia 8 W tablet ships with a year's free Office 365 Personal subscription, which is worth $70 all by itself.
The difference in performance, however, could be striking. Although the Iconia Tab 8 W includes a more powerful Intel Atom Z3735G “Bay Trail” processor, it only supports 1GB of RAM—a step down from April's $350 Acer Iconia W4, which included 2GB of memory. Both the W3 and the W4 suffered from a lackluster 1,280x800 display. While the Tab 8 W uses that same resolution, the panel now boasts IPS technology, hopefully resolving the washed-out look of the earlier models. But at just 9.75mm thick and 370 grams, you can't knock it for its portability. That's lighter (and smaller) than the one-pound iPad Air.
Acer Acer's Iconia Tab 10 Android tablet, which the company announced at IFA.
Acer also said it has kept its Acer Crunch keyboard accessory stand, which allows it to be used on the go.
There's one other possible drawback: the tablet includes the free version of Windows, aka Windows 8.1 with Bing. So search will default to Microsoft's search engine, which isn't all that bad; after all, Microsoft will pay you to use it.
Bigger, better Android options
In May, Acer launched the Acer Iconia Tab 8 and the Iconia One 7. Now, the company has offered larger options in both families, with a 10-inch Iconia Tab 10 complementing a new 8-inch Iconia One 8.
The Iconia One 8 uses the same Intel Atom Z3735G processor and 1,280x800 IPS display as the Tab 8 W, but on a diet: The tablet is 8.5mm thick and just 340 grams in all. Acer said the display includes a new anti-fingerprint coating, and its back cover includes texturing to make it more difficult to let it slip through your fingers. It ships in a number of color options: green, yello, orange, sky blue, white, black, pink, purple, and red. Otherwise, it runs Android 4.4 (KitKat).
Finally, there's the Iconia Tab 10, which uses a 10.1-inch, IPS 1080p display and is powered by a MediaTek quad-core processor, the company said.
While neither of Acer's three tablets appears to have the flash and pizzazz of what Samsung is expected to announce at the IFA show, the world is increasingly turning to lower-cost tablets—Intel, for example, has been touting the promise of sub-$300 tablets for over a year now. If this continues to be the case, Acer is well positioned.
Party driving game Can't Drive This launched a Linux version of their game on October 13th, and they're doing some charity work to celebrate.
From October 19th to November 1st 2016, all the money the developers would make from selling the game will instead go to the South African non-profit organisation SANCCOB.
Cape Town-based SANCCOB focuses on saving seabirds, especially the endangered African penguin. To that end they run an “adopt a penguin” programme in which a donation of R600 will give you both the opportunity to name a current or future rescue penguin and help cover the costs to rehabilitate it and release it back into the wild.
This is where Can't Drive This and its developers Pixel Maniacs come in. The money that they will raise will go towards this process and Pixel Maniacs estimates that every 6.4 sales of the game will be enough to adopt one penguin. These math becomes very messy with regional pricing and currency conversions, but the gist is that every few games will cover one adoption.
As of today at o1:30 CET (02:30 local time), purchases have paid for the adoption of six penguins.
The process is also reflected in-game – depending on how many penguins are rescued, a different number of the birds will appear in the game's main menu (see the header image for an example).
But the penguins need names, and they will get these from an in-game leaderboard. Players can join the “Penguin Clan” in the game's settings and then play the game as normal. Those at the top of the board will have penguins named after them, as long as they're appropriate for a cute little animal.
While only the sales for Linux count towards the donations, anyone who owns the game can join the Penguin Clan and push their name to the top.
This is a really clever move on Pixel Maniacs part. It highlights Linux development for games as well as a good organisation, and it's just smart PR for their game. We're also chuffed that a South African initiative is going to benefit from this effort.
If you want to help out, you'll need to buy the game from Steam from your Linux system.
If you don't use Linux, don't want the game, or just want to contribute to SANCCOB directly, there's nothing stopping you from doing so. You can also “adopt and egg” for R300, or contribute in a variety of other ways including volunteer work or gifts. See the Get Involved page on their site for more information.
Alternatively, check out Pixel Maniacs' blog post on this subject, which also discusses Linux development.
Per a source, Arizona cornerbacks coach Donte' Williams has accepted a job with the Nebraska staff.
247Sports has confirmed the move.
Williams will receive a significant pay increase and work as the cornerbacks coach for the Cornhuskers. The new assistant is one of the top West Coast recruiters.
Williams has spent only one season at Arizona under head coach Rich Rodriguez after previously spending three years as a defensive backs coach at San Jose State, where they also served as a recruiting coordinator. Williams completed an internship with the Seattle Seahawks and worked for several junior colleges prior to joining the Spartans.
Landing Williams would be a big boost for Nebraska's West Coast recruiting efforts. Williams is the recruiter of record for nine of the commits in Arizona's 2017 class, including Augustus Hawkins (Calif.) athlete Greg Johnson, who took an official visit to Nebraska this season and is considering the Huskers. Williams is also involved in the recruitment of five-star wide receiver and top Husker target Joseph Lewis, as well as four-star cornerback commit Thomas Graham.
Almost exactly a year ago, we watched Nebraska become the first Republican-controlled state in more than 40 years to abolish the death penalty. At the time, we wondered this: Are conservatives starting to eschew the death penalty?
A year later, we have more of an answer: maybe. At least, there's increasing evidence to suggest Nebraska's move to drop the death penalty was not an anomaly in conservative circles but rather the start of a trend.
So far this legislative session, GOP state lawmakers in 10 states -- an unprecedented number -- sponsored or co-sponsored legislation to repeal the death penalty, including in perhaps the reddest state in the nation, Utah. None of them passed, but some got further than even their supporters expected. In Utah, a repeal bill passed the state Senate and a House committee. For the first time in decades, Missouri's full state Senate debated the issue. A Kentucky legislative committee held a hearing on repealing the death penalty for the first time since the state reinstated capital punishment in 1976 (even though it failed 9 to 8).
There's more evidence outside legislative circles. This fall, the National Association of Evangelicals changed its 40-year position of exclusive support for the death penalty to make room for evangelical Christians to take an alternative position on the death penalty. And in Georgia, anti-death-penalty advocates point out that last year no jury there handed out a death sentence for crimes that were eligible for it.
Kansas Republicans are the latest group of conservatives to question the death penalty. Two years ago, the state GOP party switched its platform from supportive to neutral on the issue to make room for the growing number of Republicans who didn't back it. Then, at their state convention over the weekend, they batted down an attempt to put the death penalty back on their platform. The debate got so contentious that they cast secret ballots and eventually voted 90 to 75 to keep their position on the death penalty neutral.
There are just too many Republicans in the state who oppose the death penalty to have it on their platform, explained Ed O'Brien, a vice chairperson of the Kansas Republican Party -- plus, Republican politicians and voters just aren't as focused on the death penalty as they used to be.
"If I was advising a candidate running for office, I'd say: If you want to make that an issue, go ahead. But there are other things that need to be addressed," they said.
It's possible that silence is giving conservatives who oppose the death penalty the opportunity to be heard. And from Kansas to Utah, conservatives are presenting their colleagues some pretty compelling -- and conservative -- reasons to abolish the death penalty.
Their reasoning generally falls under one of three arguments: 1) It's not moral and not consistent with conservatives' antiabortion (that is "pro-life") beliefs. 2) It's not fiscally sound and not consistent with conservatives' small-government policies. 3) Life in prison without parole is bad enough.
“I'm thinking that it's wrong for government to be in business in killing its own citizens,” Utah state Sen. Steve Urquhart (R), who sponsored the repeal bill there, told me in February. “That cheapens life.”
Former Kansas College Republicans president Dalton Glasscock said it's a generational issue, too. This summer, the group voted to oppose the death penalty on its official platform.
"My generation is looking for consistency on issues," they said. "I believe if we say we're pro-life, we need to be truly pro-life, from conception to death."
Of course, this is far from a settled issue on the right, and the opposition is still far outnumbered and still fighting to get a foothold. Nebraska's death penalty repeal is on hold and will be put to voters this November in a ballot measure that was funded in part by Gov. Pete Ricketts (R), who vetoed the original repeal last year. (The legislature then overrode it.)
Similarly, in Oklahoma, voters will decide this November whether to enshrine the death penalty in the state's constitution.
And when pharmaceutical giant Pfizer announced Friday it would keep its drugs from being used in lethal injections, some conservative groups criticized the decision. David Muhlhausen, a criminal justice expert with the Heritage Foundation, told the New York Times that Pfizer's move to get out of the death penalty market is not "in the public interest" because they believe research shows the death penalty can deter crimes.
More broadly speaking, there's evidence to suggest that elected Republicans are increasingly amenable to having a larger conversation on criminal justice reform, an issue traditionally owned by Democrats. As I wrote last year:
Alabama's Republican governor is calling for a $541 million tax package in part to offset overstuffed prisons, for instance. States like South Carolina and Georgia have also passed their own justice reform packages changing who gets sent to prison and for how long. "When states in the Deep South, which have long had some of the country's harshest penal systems, make significant sentencing and prison reforms, you know something has changed," the New York Times's editorial board wrote in 2015.
As for why this is happening in isolated instances now, it's unclear. Turning to public opinion polling doesn't give us much clarity.
The Pew Research Center has found support for the death penalty is on a downward trend, but it credits that drop to Democrats backing away from it, not Republicans.
And Gallup has pegged support for the death penalty at a stable 60 percent.
The bottom line: It's not like anyone can claim a groundswell of support on the right for dropping the death penalty. But it's notable that a year after we wondered whether Nebraska was an anomaly or the start of a trend, there's plenty of evidence to suggest that conservative opposition to the death penalty may indeed be a trend -- a small but growing one.
This post has been corrected to reflect that Oklahoma will have a vote this November on putting the death penalty in its constitution.
