Movement Restoration to Avoid Overuse Injuries
Recently, I received this question on the Art of Fitness Facebook page. This is part two to my response. You can read part one here. Here is the original question.
I run. I run for a lot of reasons. I know that physically speaking, it can/will wear on your body like any repetitive movement. So, if, you're like me, and are unwilling to give up regular runs, what is the joint-saving balance? I have a regular yoga practice (equally important) but is there something else I should be doing? I run 20-30 miles a week (3-4, 6-8 mile runs); yoga twice a week; Pilates once a week; and if I make my way into an actual gym, I swing kettlebells, pick up heavy things, and wonder around pretending I know what I'm doing. Any suggestions?
I would like to throw a wrench into the popular belief that pain and injury are due to overuse. Chronic pain and injury isn't caused by the movements we do too much—chronic pain and injury are most often due to the movements we don't or can't do enough. While issues of overuse do certainly happen, pain and injury is actually a problem of the underutilization of very specific natural human movements.
We sit in our cars, desks, and couches. We don't squat to work, climb, crawl or otherwise use our bodies the way they were designed to move. Engaging in these natural human movements provide movement balance. If you aren't moving in these other ways, your body will adapt and compensate to the ways you do move. This creates the secondary problem of overuse. Overuse is a symptom, not the problem.
This may seem like a subtle distinction, but I believe it is important because it changes our focus regarding how we choose to correct movement imbalances. When addressing an “overuse” injury, the traditional corrective is to stop doing the specific movement that aggravates pain, but what do we replace that movement with? While you may find temporary relief, once you begin running again you'll be back to “overusing” those muscles.
Most often if there are any corrective exercises even prescribed (and this is a big if), they tend to be specific to the site of pain—for example, if you have elbow pain, you're given exercises to strengthen the elbow and possibly shoulder; knee pain leads to exercises for the knee and hip, etc. The problem with this is that the injury isn't only to the site of pain… it is to your entire body. To treat the site of pain without addressing how that part integrates with the whole is incomplete. This is the primary reason I receive so many referrals from clients after seeing multiple physical therapists without resolution to their pain.
Don't Treat Pain. Treat movement!
Something I tell clients during the initial consultation is, “I don't treat pain. I treat movement.” It is out of my scope of practice to treat your pain, plus I believe that attempting to do so will render less beneficial results. Instead, I look at how you move, and more importantly, how you don't move. My focus is on bringing back all the movements you've lost in order to bring balance back to the entire movement system. My assumption is that if you move well, with balance throughout the spectrum of human movement, you will probably experience less pain. I call this Movement Restoration.
Restoring Movement Will Decrease Injury
Movement restoration is the exploration, re-establishing, rewiring, remapping, and reconfiguring of your natural human movement—moving the way you were designed to move. Through Movement Restoration, we find what is lost and work to bring those movements back into your abilities: can you lift your arms over your head, squat down to the floor, unstrap your bra, get up off the floor without using your hands, crawl, and climb? And can you do these things without pain? Can you do them well? With mastery?
A Movement Restoration Practice
But how, you might be wondering. What does this even look like?
1. Focus on the micro movements.
In the larger fitness industry, there is a focus on big, sexy, intense movements. Swinging tons of weight around and pushing our body hard feels good, but if you don't move well at the micro, foundational levels, you're going to break your body down over time. To move well, you have to focus on the small movements first.
How does each joint move through its full range of motion in relationship to the joints above and below it? How does all vertebrae move in three dimensions: pitching forwards and backwards, side to side, or rotationally? Consider this like a systems check, a movement inspection.
If you move well in one area of your body, in one specific direction, but poorly in the opposite direction, you've found an imbalance. That imbalance is showing up in your movement with every step you take and it is contributing to your potential pain and injury.
2. Move all day, throughout the day.
Movement should not be relegated to a 30-60 minute class, run, or workout. We are human movers. We are not supposed to be sedentary beings. We are supposed to move constantly. Restoration movements are so low in intensity that you can't do too much. Really, you can't do enough! These are the movements you need to be doing all day, every day, throughout the day. Incorporating them into your home, work, and recreational routines. So how do you move constantly throughout the day?
Move from where you are at. If you spend time in a chair all day, then you need to incorporate movement breaks into your work… in your chair!
Movement is nutrition. How you move is how you feed your body movement. If you sit all day without moving, it's the equivalent of feeding your body McDonald's. I teach my clients “movement snacks” which are specific movement tools they can use throughout the day. Here's a video of my level one movement restoration
Here are some simple movements you can perform from your office chair.
Building on the Movement Restoration Foundation
As we move from the micro level to the macro level movements, we begin to focus on developing specific skills. Skill builds upon movement restoration into practical function and purpose.
For example, Shin Box, a restoration movement, moves your hips from internal to external rotation. In skill, we look at going from shinbox to standing, shinbox to knees, knees to standing. This gives you the skill of getting up and down from the floor without bracing with your hands. Cat Cow, the restorative movement, helps you develop flexion in your lower back and spine, which is the foundation for many different skills which use this flexion–lifting, walking, squatting, etc. Movement restoration asks, does the joint work? Can I move in these patterns? Skill asks, can I accomplish this task: Squatting down to pick up a child, getting up from the floor, etc.
I will discuss skill in greater detail in part three.
Want to learn more about how Movement Therapy can help you? We offer in person coaching and online coaching.
Click here to schedule a free consultation.
Please follow and like us:
Share this on Social: Print
Pocket
Tumblr
Telegram
More
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Pinterest
WhatsApp
Reddit
Email
Like this: Like Loading...
In the wake of the choice of Astana to allow Lars Boom to take the start of the Tour de France and thus not to respect the article 9 of the MPCC's rules, unanimously the board of directors of MPCC take cognizance of this decision and temporarily suspend Team Astana of its movement, waiting for the next meeting of the board of directors according to its statute.
In virtue of this decision, team Astana will no longer be subject to the unscheduled cortisol levels controls conducted by MPCC from this day on.
We shall remind that cortisol levels controls are part of the health protection of the rider, because a collapse cortisol level can have serious consequences for the high-level athlete. Since 2009, more than 1 400 cortisol levels controls have been conducted on the riders belonging to teams' members of MPCC.
During this period, only 8 deductions were displaying abnormal low cortisol levels.
To be tax-exempt as a social welfare organization described in Internal Revenue Code (IRC) section 501(c)(4), an organization must not be organized for profit and must be operated exclusively to promote social welfare. The earnings of a section 501(c)(4) organization may not inure to the benefit of any private shareholder or individual. If the organization engages in an excess benefit transaction with a person having substantial influence over the organization, an excise tax may be imposed on the person and any managers agreeing to the transaction. See Introduction to IRC 4958 for more information about this excise tax. For a more detailed discussion of the exemption requirements for section 501(c)(4) organizations, see IRC 501(c)(4) Organizations.
New legislation enacted at the end of 2015 added Section 506 to the Internal Revenue Code. Section 506 requires an organization to notify the IRS of its intent to operate as a Section 501(c)(4) organization. The IRS has developed a new form – Form 8976 – that organizations should use to provide this notification. For information about applying for exemption, see Application for Recognition of Exemption.
This requirement only applies to organizations intending to operate under Section 501(c)(4). Organizations operating under any other 501(c) section should not file this notice.To be operated exclusively to promote social welfare, an organization must operate primarily to further the common good and general welfare of the people of the community (such as by bringing about civic betterment and social improvements). For example, an organization that restricts the use of its facilities to employees of selected corporations and their guests is primarily benefiting a private group rather than the community and, therefore, does not qualify as a section 501(c)(4) organization. Similarly, an organization formed to represent member-tenants of an apartment complex does not qualify, because its activities benefit the member-tenants and not all tenants in the community, while an organization formed to promote the legal rights of all tenants in a particular community may qualify under section 501(c)(4) as a social welfare organization. An organization is not operated primarily for the promotion of social welfare if its primary activity is operating a social club for the benefit, pleasure or recreation of its members, or is carrying on a business with the general public in a manner similar to organizations operated for profit.
Seeking legislation germane to the organization's programs is a permissible means of attaining social welfare purposes. Thus, a section 501(c)(4) social welfare organization may further its exempt purposes through lobbying as its primary activity without jeopardizing its exempt status. An organization that has lost its section 501(c)(3) status due to substantial attempts to influence legislation may not thereafter qualify as a section 501(c)(4) organization. In addition, a section 501(c)(4) organization that engages in lobbying may be required to either provide notice to its members regarding the percentage of dues paid that are applicable to lobbying activities or pay a proxy tax. For more information, see Lobbying Issues .
The promotion of social welfare does not include direct or indirect participation or intervention in political campaigns on behalf of or in opposition to any candidate for public office. However, a section 501(c)(4) social welfare organization may engage in some political activities, so long as that is not its primary activity. However, any expenditure it makes for political activities may be subject to tax under section 527(f). For further information regarding political and lobbying activities of section 501(c) organizations, see Election Year Issues, Political Campaign and Lobbying Activities of IRC 501(c)(4), (c)(5), and (c)(6) Organizations, and Revenue Ruling 2004-6.
Additional information
Thousands of gaming fans have shared a photo of a rainbow spotted above the Nintendo HQ after the death of much-loved president Satoru Iwata .
The rainbow was reportedly spotted above Nintendo's white building in the Japanese city of Kyoto; hours after the company announced their death.
Two Twitter users posted the images of the rainbow under cloudy skies online this morning.
Many Nintendo fans have dubbed it the “Rainbow Road to heaven”, a reference to a racecourse in the popular Mario Kart gaming franchise.
#RIPIwata has been trending on social media as people around the world paid tribute to the much-loved Nintendo president.
Mr Iwata, who helped create some of Nintendo's most popular games, died of bile duct cancer at the age of 55.
Thank you Satoru Iwata, for your talents in development and your genius in leadership. You will be missed. #RIPIwata pic.twitter.com/a44K8gGrlc — Robert Bowling (@fourzerotwo) July 13, 2015
Men like this are far too rare. Thank you for my childhood. #RIPIwata pic.twitter.com/hih0wX2MzO — Rem - Senpai (@IZRem27) July 13, 2015
As the third entry in the series, Danganronpa V3: Killing Harmony seems predictable. It is half visual novel and half murder mystery with some light RPG elements sprinkled in alongside a dark yet hilarious tone. This is a unique mix in itself, but with two games preceding it, we know what to expect by now. In Danganronpa V3, sixteen high school students are trapped in an academy and face off in a killing game. Only the culprit of a perfectly planned murder or the last two standing can survive. Being well acquainted with the series I thought I knew it all. By the time I had finished the first chapter, Danganronpa V3 had already set a precedent. Everything I thought I knew about Danganronpa was about to be subverted.
What made the original Danganronpa so special was the sense of mystery and surprise. Aside from figuring out “Whodunnit,” Danganronpa's biggest mystery was the school itself. Being the first in the series, the ending plot twist comes as a huge shock. While you are trapped in this hellish killing game, what faces you outside is much more dangerous. Initially, placed in a kind of “Battle Royal,” players see the other characters as their biggest threat. This is rather than their true enemy, the killing game itself. Seven years later, both mysteries have long since been exposed. So how can Danganronpa V3 continue to intrigue and surprise players?
As the strength of Danganronpa V3's storytelling hinges on its ability to subvert the player's expectations, I will not reveal spoilers here. Let me assure you the moments of shock and awe are even stronger than before. Instead of giving us more of the same, each game builds on its predecessor's ability to warp your expectations. The first game takes everything you know about death, murder, and humanity, and twists those expectations for the final shocking reveal. The second builds on the first but uses your knowledge of the first game and your sense of reality against you. The third further explores this by blurring the world of the characters with the player's own role in the story.
Danganronpa V3 throws the story-telling rule book away. The answers to the riddles that Danganronpa V3 sets for players are both very much out in the open and yet obscured almost entirely by your own preconceived notion of how a murder mystery should play out. It removes cliches and safe scenarios. Your expectations of the series and even what you expect from video games as a whole are used to obfuscate the truth. I entered Danganronpa V3 feeling smug, believing I could figure it all out. As such, I was taken in all the more by the time the credits rolled.
The Danganronpa series relies entirely on the smart writing of both the story and characters. Danganronpa V3 is outstanding in these areas. However, it builds up very slowly, in a way that might deter new players. This long, slow setup locks in your anticipation for what is to come, but some might find it a struggle to push through the prologue. The walls of text that Danganronpa V3 places in front of the player can be very intimidating, especially when much of it sets up characters instead of moving the plot forward. Yet those who are willing to give something so dialogue-heavy a chance will certainly reap the rewards. Danganronpa V3 builds to one of the best video game stories I have ever played and the sixteen new characters are some of the most interesting and complex to date.
The plot hinges on the characters feeling real to you, so a lot of extra effort has gone into bringing them to life. This is the main reason why Danganronpa V3 is so text intensive. The cast feel like a group of friends you are meeting for the first time along with the protagonist. Not only do you learn about them along with your character, but can choose your favorites to grow closer to during your “free time.” These interactions help you learn more about each character's backstory and the motivations behind their actions in the main storyline.
Their deaths did not pass me by lightly, and each one carried a sadness and a weight. With one exception, Danganronpa V3 is a lot more complex in motive than the previous entries. This is not simply a case of ” a bad person commits murder for selfish reasons.” Not only is the line between good and bad blurred here, but even guilty and innocent or what makes someone a victim or a culprit. Danganronpa V3 questions for the first time in the series whether catching the culprit is necessarily for the greater good. It forces you to place a value on each character's life. My connection to every character was so strong that, without fail, I was in streams of tears at the end of every class trial.
The new theme in Danganronpa V3 is lies and deceit. You never know who or what to trust. Even your personal memories and knowledge are called into question. This is woven in perfectly with the new perjury system. In previous titles, you could only use evidence and fact to bring the truth to light. Now you can lie in the class trials to force culprits to confession or to protect those you know are innocent. It is also exemplified by my favorite character, Kokichi. Their lies are so numerous that you are never sure where the truth is or what their intentions are. As someone you can never pin down, Kokichi demonstrates what is so special about this new title.
Danganronpa V3 also introduces the Monokubs. These five tiny Monokumas take on the role of their father to deliver news and items to the cast. These new characters each have their own unique and twisted personalities. The cubs are so adorable and yet say the darkest things. They inject the perfect amount of zany humor that the series is known for. Personally, I am a big fan of Danganronpa's irreverent style of comedy, but this humor will not be for everyone. Whether it is the suggestion of piloting robots using your nipples or having the “c” word scattered about like confetti, the gags can be seen as utterly distasteful or purely for shock value. In context with the characters being high schoolers, it helps make them feel more realistic. That being said, if you cannot laugh along with insults like “cum soaked urinal cake,” it may be difficult to see past the puerile jokes to the depth of the story.
Danganronpa V3 uses the classic Danganronpa art style where Parappa the Rapper meets anime. This may not be to everyone's taste, but all the characters and cutscenes are extremely well-drawn. This cohesive style brings the world to life. The soundtrack mixes Danganronpa classics with some new tracks. All of these perfectly fit the game world and atmosphere. The songs are so good that they could hold their own in any personal music collection. Before you start your adventure, you are asked to choose between English or Japanese voice acting. There is no wrong answer here. Both are excellent and work perfectly in bringing the characters to life.
Danganronpa V3 adds several elements to the trials which help break them up into fun little mini-games. Some of them are more successful than others, but all of them are welcome in disrupting the standard “Non-Stop Debates.” My favorite entrant was the all-new “Split Opinion” round, where half of those present at the debate face off against the others in rhythm-based rebuttals. The trials seem a bit longer here than in previous games. While the complexity adds to the story-telling, this can lead to the repetition of debates becoming discouraging.
The logic seems consistent, but missing an answer or rebutting incorrectly when firing at the argument's “weak point” will begin the debate again. “Weak points” also move and appear for a very short period of time, sometimes with obstacles obscuring them, making them very difficult to aim for. While you can turn down the difficulty to make things easier, it can be frustrating playing the same debate over and over. Using the touchpad when playing the PlayStation Vita version has helped me with this issue in the previous titles. Despite this, it is very rewarding when you finally make your mark. While more mini-games breaking up the debate would have been welcome, this does not deter from the well-written story altogether.
Danganronpa V3 is arguably the best game in the Danganronpa series. It will have even hardcore fans guessing right up until the end. By the third in a series, games often fall into a predictable pattern giving their fans simply more of the same. This is fine but does not help new titles stand out or impress. Danganronpa V3 surpasses this in every way. It does not settle for safe and succeeds in adding to and elevating what has already been established in the first two titles.
Absolutely everyone should play Danganronpa V3. As Danganronpa V3 does not only play with your knowledge of the series but of video games as a whole, it is not necessary to play the first two in order to enjoy this latest entry in the series. However, I do recommend going back first. As the strength of this game lies in subverting expectations, knowledge of the first two games will see your assumptions pushed further.
Never has a game delivered such a strong, emotional impact as Danganronpa V3 for me. From start to finish you will be hooked and even hours after unlocking all the art, characters backstories, and quirky mini-games. No matter which version you pick up, Danganronpa V3 is something everyone should experience.
Danganronpa V3 was reviewed on PC via Steam with a copy provided courtesy of the developer. It is also available on PlayStation 4 and PlayStation Vita.
9.5 Amazing Summary Danganronpa V3: Killiing Harmony not only gives fans more of the Danganronpa they know and love, but it elevates the series to new heights and leaves old players scratching their heads and reeling in shock at the twists the story takes. Pros Shocking Writing that Subvert Expectations
Brilliant Soundtrack and Quirky Art Style
Superb Cast of Characters Cons Replaying Debates can Become Repetitive
Large Amounts of Dialogue will Deter Some
Some Will Find Humor too Edgy
Share Has a tip for us? Awesome! Shoot us an email at [email protected] and we'll take a look!
The models huddle in the doorway leading to a New York City rooftop on a cold winter day, pulling their coats tight around their mini-dresses. They shiver and share laughs -- pausing only to stand still for makeup touchups -- and swap advice on legally changing their names.
"My middle name is Beatrice," Evalyn Jake says, as the others coo. "It was my great-grandma's middle name. I used to garden with her."
The talent at the Trans Models agency looks like any other: leggy women in stilettos smiling through high cheek bones, beautiful men with steady eyes. And like other models, they yearn to be in the public eye as much as possible. Yet their goals also stretch well beyond glossy pages. Their true aim is to be highly visible representatives for the trans community.
The agency, which is less than a year old, is the only known one of its kind in New York and one of three in the United States. Its roster now includes 15 models, ranging from genderqueer individuals to plus-sized talent, who have landed runway shows and ad campaigns with big-name labels such as Smirnoff and Budweiser, as well other local projects.
The road to commercial success has been bumpy, with an inconsistent flow of jobs and outright rejections because of their gender identity. Despite people like model Carmen Carrera and actor Laverne Cox advocating for trans people, and Caitlyn Jenner's very visible transition last year, trans people are still struggling to find work in a number of professions.
There have been famous trans models in the past, like Aydian Dowling, who was a runner-up in a Men's Health cover competition, or Loiza Lamers, who won Holland's Next Top model, in addition to runway models like Arisce Wanzer and Lea T, but the list of breakthrough trans fashion stars is short.
Riley Arthur/Huffington Post Evalyn Jake from Trans Models
Trans Models hopes that by making trans people more visible and mainstream through shows and campaigns, they will help combat some of the overwhelming obstacles they face in society.
"Fashion is such a huge influence on the world," agency model Julia Wiltz told The Huffington Post. "The more people that see us they're going to be like 'Oh wow, they're just beautiful human beings just trying to live their lives. I had no idea they looked like this,'" they added.
Riley Arthur/Huffington Post Model Julia Wiltz rests in between takes.
Trans Models founder Pêche Di says they started the agency when they were struggling to find work as a transgender model even after booking a series of high-profile gigs. Soon after, models from around the country began emailing Di to ask if they could represent them. Di says that she's not only looking to hire faces the fashion industry is lacking, but also to find models with a sense of activism for the trans community.
"It's more what they do on their own. That's what interests us,” Di told HuffPost. “We don't care about their height, we care about their IQ.”
Riley Arthur/Huffington Post Founder Pêche Di stands on the rooftop of their Broadway office.
To that end, the agency has started creating a weekly web series on YouTube, which is updated every Thursday, called "Spill the T With Vikki Le" with the goal of normalizing the trans experience for the public. The show, hosted by model Vikki Le, is light-hearted and includes interviews with agency models about topics ranging from fashionable skirt styles to beard implants.
"We wanted it to come from real trans experiences," Le said.
They say they hope "to make people's Thursday better by watching this educational, provocative and humorous show and see that not every trans person you meet or have met are too serious. We can laugh, cry, have a sense of humor and are just like you."
Riley Arthur/Huffington Post Vikki Le of Trans Models strikes a variety of poses.
As they make themselves more visible, the models are also taking on the challenge of speaking not only for themselves and the trans community, but also broadening society's definitions of gender.
Agency model Shane Henise is currently completing a graduate degree at Columbia University where they research and shares information they find on trans issues.
Riley Arthur/Huffington Post Shane Henise poses for Trans Models.
"I love advocating for my community," Henise says. "Media is very crucial. It's been proven that media and opinion go hand in hand."
Henise was previously featured on the MTV series "The T Word," a show about transgender youth hosted by Laverne Cox. That's where, they said, they "fell in love with media" as a force to help further trans issues.
There needs to be more diversity shown of the trans experience, many of the models say. More trans people of color, for instance, need to be portrayed in film and television. People of other gender identities need to be included.
"We're getting past that 'I was born in the wrong body narrative.' But, think: When have you seen a trans man on TV?" Henise asks. "As a society, we want more honest everything. I think we're ready."
Riley Arthur/Huffington Post Allex from Trans Models
Model Allex, who goes by only one name, says we also need to expand our whole idea of gender.
"I'm not trying to pass, I'm just trying to look fine as hell," Allex says. "So it's not a matter of appealing to a male aesthetic or a feminine aesthetic, I'm just trying to be Allex, fine as hell... Some people who look at me might think I'm a they might think I'm a he. But at the end of the day how I feel is what's important."
While the agency is making strides, manager and Columbia University lecturer Roi Ben-Yehuda says a lot of work remains to be done.
“Part of what we're trying to do [with the agency] is to carve out a more inclusive place within the industry and also beyond the industry as well, within society. It's always an ongoing project," Ben-Yehuda said.
"Part of our motto is ‘we're in it for the change,' right? And change being financial and also social and that's a long process.”
Ultimately the kink scene is more about forthrightness, negotiation, responsibility, and consent than it is about leather, floggers, or even sex. Which is why everyone — even vanilla folk like me — have much to learn from kinky people about how to handle all kinds of relationships with fairness and respect.
For many years one of my closest friends and mentors has been Lily Lloyd, who writes The Black Leather Belt — an incisive and delightful blog about kinky sex, relationships and culture.
Lily is not only kinky and bisexual, but polyamorous — married, with two kids and a longtime girlfriend. A few days ago I was talking to Lily about their new e-book, Discipline: adding rules & discipline to your BDSM relationship (now available in Amazon's Kindle store). They mentioned something that caught my attention: “Being kinky prepared me for being poly.”
If you like my interview with Lily, you'll love listening to their January 2013 interview on the Polyamory Weekly podcast, which expands upon the themes Lily and I discuss here. GIVE IT A LISTEN!
In the following interview I asked them to expand on this theme. Another key point emerged: When poly people are trying to figure out how to treat non-primary partners well, they might take many useful lessons from the kink community's emphasis on knowing yourself, respecting others, negotiating and renegotiating desires and limits, and gaining explicit informed consent from everyone involved.
Here's what Lily had to say:
Talking frankly about sex puts you outside the mainstream
“Ten years into my marriage, my husband and I were like a lot of heterosexual couples: we didn't talk about sex until it was a problem. Most couples don't talk about sex, period. Think about the married couples you know. If you ask them, they often don't know what their partner's sex fantasies are, or whether their partner watches porn.
“We quickly realized that we were exiting the mainstream — not just because we had eyebolts on our ceiling and a lot of bondage equipment, but because we were having frank, intense, awkward conversations about sex that most of our peers weren't having. We got used to being okay with being different from other people we knew.
“Also, the kind of sex we'd started having requires a huge level of trust between partners. That wasn't typical of the relationships either of us had in the past. You have to be incredibly emotionally vulnerable to let someone tie you up or discuss non-mainstream fantasies. Kinky sex is kind of like that team-building exercise where you fall backwards off a box and someone catches you — only it's more fun and there's often a Hitachi Magic Wand involved.
From kink to polyamory
“When we started introducing kink into our relationship, we had no intention of also opening our relationship. That didn't come until years later. At first, we talked about polyamory for at least a year before we agreed that it was okay — and then it was another year before we actually did anything. I hear about a lot of couples rushing into polyamory, and I always wonder: Is there really a shortcut? How much have you discussed this?
“But like most formerly monogamous couples, we didn't explicitly consider the perspective of our other potential partners at first. Not at all! It was all about us: making ourselves feel safe with rules. Only these rules were in response to fears, not realities, because we hadn't done anything yet. And the rules we discussed rarely addressed any of the situations we encountered in real life.
“Had we considered the non-primary partner perspective right from the beginning, that would have been more practical and useful. Unfortunately what's typical is that if you're in an existing primary relationship, your discussion about openness centers around how it might affect your existing relationship. That's a natural place to start, but I think a lot of people stop there because they don't have any know better. That's a problem.
“But fortunately for us, we knew a lot of kinky and poly people. That helped us see things from more perspectives. We were attending some kink events and groups, and we knew some poly people — including long-term friends in a triad. I think even more than being involved in the poly and kink communities, having these people as personal friends taught us a great deal.
“If we didn't personally know any kinky or poly people, we'd only have stereotypes to fall back on. Like: to be kinky, do you really need leather chaps? To be poly, do you really need to be a hippie? Nope, these things aren't necessary. Knowing poly and kinky people in real life is important in terms of demonstrating different visions of what alternative relationships look like. The people in these relationships are not that different from you. They have jobs, household, hobbies, pets, etc. too.
Negotiation as foreplay
“What we especially learned from getting to know kinky people — stuff you can't learn from stereotypes — is that they place a huge emphasis on negotiating explicitly about absolutely everything.
“The weirdest thing kinky people do is they talk about sex before they have it. In mainstream culture, people assume this ruins the surprise of sex, that it's not romantic. Or that negotiating clearly about sex is some politically correct conspiracy to prevent them from having have any fun. People hate relationship discussions when they're always arguments.
“But let me tell you: Texting about sex 11am at at work is really fun! My husband and I spend time discussing how to prepare for elaborate scenes. But we aren't just talking about sex — we're discussing our relationship in a way monogamous people often don't do.
“People often treat monogamy as a set-it-and-forget-it relationship option. That's why they often don't talk about sex until they have problems. In contrast, we talk about what we want to have happened, not just what we don't like or don't want to happen.
Embrace and honor your differences
“Another thing we learned: Kinky people are expected to have unique desires and boundaries. In monogamy, partners are usually expected to have the same desires and boundaries. Monogamy tends to obscure partners' differences. But kinky people get off on differences.
“In BDSM there's a convention of the checklist. There are lots of these, and they list a lot of crazy pervy activities you can do. The idea is each person interested in doing a scene (which can be more than two people) fills out the checklist, marking each item as Yes, No, Maybe, and Not Even When Hell Freezes Over. Then you compare them, to see where your interests and boundaries overlap — and then you plan what to do from there. That's really fun.
“I'd love to see poly people do a checklist: let's look globally at all ways we could handle a relationship, all the things we could do, check off what we want to happen, and figure out our likely overlap in advance. Your needs, desires, and boundaries don't have to be surprises. How much unhappiness would be avoided, for example, if such a checklist included simple questions about desired living situations, holidays, how out you want to be, and family?
“If you do this kind of relationship inventory, be sure to include all partners in this process, just like with BDSM. Everyone's checklist matters equally, even if you don't all want or need the same things. Yes, this is true in BDSM circles. You don't just ignore someone's checklist of things they want and don't want.
“Of course, you can never figure out everything in advance. That doesn't mean you shouldn't put forth some effort. But still, people often only discover some limits when they trip over them. Inventorying up front, and revising that periodically, helps minimize that risk.
“In kink culture there's the expectation that if someone unexpectedly hits a limit, you're going to talk about it. And if someone really freaks out, ends up crying or shaken over an unexpectedly emotionally intense scene, you stop the scene and stay with them and offer support as long as they need it — if they want that support. (Don't assume; ask.) You don't just bail on them, that's really bad form. In fact, that's being an asshole. You'll get a bad reputation for that.
Information is central to kink and polyamory
“In fact, information is what separates polyamory from infidelity. You should always discuss; not just assume.
“Breaking assumptions from monogamous culture can be really hard, especially when it comes to dealing with non-primary partners. For instance, when I was first dating after we opened our relationship, I explicitly looked for partners who already had a primary relationship of their own. Why? In my head, I couldn't help wondering: Won't they be lonely at the holidays? That shows what a newbie I was.
“After a while I realized that the people I was dating could make that decision for themselves. I told them what I have to offer, and they made their own choices. For instance, since I have small kids, I need to be with my family for holidays. I think I made a lot of assumptions about what others might want based on what I wanted — without knowing whether that was true.
“And when my husband started dating, he'd introduce me to their partners and metamours in good poly ‘meet the wife' fashion. But sometimes I think this scared people off, they pushed to meet me before they were really ready to, and they were stressed and it didn't go well. Personally I don't think meeting everyone's other partners has to happen on a schedule. I like to meet them sometime, but I'm not picky about when.
“I remember being scared to meet my girlfriend's husband. I didn't know what I would say in that conversation. Some internal voice of old cultural programming kept telling me: This guy should not like me. But we got along fine.
For poly people who want to learn from kinky people
“Most cities have a BDSM group, and they usually have regular discussions and workshops in classrooms — not just play parties at dungeons. This is where you can learn about negotiation skills, and about consent. If you're not kinky, don't focus on the subject matter, focus on the skills. Consent is crucial to kinky people, since we're often doing radical things. Consent is also what separates polyamory from infidelity.
“Of course there are also lots of books, forums, and blogs that deal with negotiation and consent in kink. You can learn a lot by reading, too.
“Keep in mind that the emphasis in kink negotiation is really around consent, not sex. The point is: let's figure out where our boundaries are without argument or hurt feelings. Kinky people need to learn to be okay with expressing their boundaries. Don't be embarrassed by them, don't worry how others might judge you for having them.
“In the land of kink it's okay to not enjoy a specific act. In fact, it's bad form not to admit that. When you express your boundaries, you get to re-evaluate them. And if you feel embarrassed every time you express a boundary, maybe you need to do some work around that.
“This is something poly people can learn from. If you tell people, “None of my partners are secondary,” but then your actions and decisions show a clear hierarchy, why is that? Why aren't you telling people that? That's something you need to be honest about, and maybe explore if you don't feel okay about it.
“In kink, you're expected to be extremely frank about everything. If you're not, you may get a reputation for not being a good player — that is, someone who doesn't tell you their limits and then blames you for going over them afterwards.”
President Obama shared an elevator earlier this month with an armed security contractor who had been arrested before for assault and battery, in the latest report of a serious violation of Secret Service security protocols.
Multiple sources confirmed to Fox News the incident, which took place in an elevator during Obama's Sept. 16 visit to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta. The incident was first reported by The Washington Post and the Washington Examiner.
The latest embarrassment for the Secret Service comes after agency Director Julia Pierson told lawmakers at a Tuesday hearing “she took full responsibility” for a Sept. 19 breach of the White House. Pierson admitted that presidential security fell apart when a knife-wielding intruder jumped a White House fence earlier this month and sprinted untouched across the lawn, entering the first family's residence through an unlocked door and making their way into the East Room reception area.
According to the sources, the man involved in the elevator incident was working as a security officer at the CDC. Secret Service agents grew suspicious of them when they refused to stop taking a video of the president on their phone, and pulled the man aside for questioning.
A supervisor fired the contractor on the spot and the man turned over their gun. This surprised the agents, who had not realized the man was armed.
More On This...
The Secret Service then ran a criminal check on the man, and discovered their criminal history.
A Secret Service official confirmed the incident to the Associated Press but declined to comment further, citing an ongoing investigation of the event. Despite initial reports that the man had been convicted for assault and battery, a Secret Service official later told Fox News that they were not prosecuted.
It was unclear whether Obama was informed of the incident. However Pierson, under questioning at the hearing, said that they are the one who briefs Obama on threats to their personal security and that they had briefed them only once this year, "for the Sept. 19 incident."
Rep. Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah, told the Washington Post the incident was inexcusable.
“You have a convicted felon within arm's reach of the president and they never did a background check,” Chaffetz said. “Words aren't strong enough for the outrage I feel for the safety of the president and their family.”
Chaffetz added: “His life was in danger. This country would be a different world today if they had pulled out their gun.”
Pierson faced heated questioning from bipartisan lawmakers at the House oversight hearing, who voiced deep skepticism about the state of the agency and the first family's safety.
At the close of the public portion of the hearing, Chairman Darrell Issa, R-Calif., said an internal investigation is "not sufficient" and they would be working with colleagues to request an independent probe.
The incident is the latest in a series of embarrassing scandals for the agency since a 2012 prostitution scandal erupted during a presidential visit to Colombia.
Fox News' Chad Pergram and The Associated Press contributed to this report.
A new study sheds light on how fins may have evolved into limbs.
It is known that a fish-like common ancestor evolved into land-based vertebrates and four-footed creatures known as tetrapods. Amphibians, sauropsids and mammals are called tetrapods.
The new study led by a team of researchers from Spain shows evidence of how legs and hands evolved from fins by gaining new DNA elements that activate particular genes.
For their study, researcher José Luis Gómez-Skarmeta and Fernando Casares of the CSIC-Universidad Pablo de Olavide-Junta de Andalucía in Spain used an extra copy of the gene Hoxd13 at the tip of a zebrafish embryo's fin. Hoxd13 holds a significant role in differentiating body parts of the zebrafish.
Immediately after the Hoxd13 gene was introduced, the research team noticed the development of cartilage tissue and reduction of fin tissue.
Researchers wanted to find out if the control elements of Hoxd13 might have activated the gene expression that played a role in the evolution of limbs from fins in the past. They used a DNA control element from a mouse, as fish lack the element.
They found that the control elements drove the Hoxd13 gene expression in the fish and helped in forming limbs instead of fins.
"We found that in the zebrafish, the mouse Hoxd13 control element was capable of driving gene expression in the distal fin rudiment. This result indicates that molecular machinery capable of activating this control element was also present in the last common ancestor of finned and legged animals and is proven by its remnants in zebrafish," Dr. Casares said in a statement.
The findings of the study are published in the journal Developmental Cell.
We say a lot about ourselves in the way we navigate our digital lives.
If multiple people send you an instant message at once, whom do you reply to first? If someone tells you that they sent you an email, how quickly do you check it? If you're having a text conversation with someone, how many other windows do you have open while talking to them?
See also: ABC boss impersonates Taylor Swift in Senate hearing
When you look at your actions in this way, our relationships and what they mean to us suddenly become a lot clearer.
At least, that was certainly the case when the viewers spent an entire episode of Modern Family watching as Claire Dunphy navigated several crises using just their laptop. Them online conversations with their family and friends were suddenly there for us to scrutinize.
Framing an entire episode through the lens of one character's computer screen was almost uncomfortably personal. (The episode was also shot using iPhones and iPads.) We learned a lot about Claire and about how their mind works, in ways that the usual plots couldn't possibly convey.
It was classic "show, don't tell." And this episode, titled "Connection Lost," showed us everything about Claire, from how their mom-first mind works when they see an article about the fire dangers of dryer vents, to their endless to-do lists.
FaceTime with the fam. Image: ABC
In addition to the pure fun of the laptop-only framing device, it was used incredibly cleverly.
An example: The episode began with Claire — who we knew was the user of said computer because of their MacBook's name — clicking the right-hand corner of their computer screen and logging into a network titled "O'Hare Int'l Airport WiFi." Less than 10 seconds into the episode, we knew they were away from home, traveling, not part of their airline's VIP club, and probably stressed.
There was a great deal of information communicated in basically no time at all, and this stayed true through the entire half-hour.
Bonus points to the writers for the great attention to detail. Almost everything about Claire's digital world seemed fleshed out, down to the previous communications with their children. If you looked at the history of Claire's text messages to Haley, there was one where they had simply written "chicken and something," which we can assume was in reply to a query about dinner. I love that stuff.
In all, viewers were given a lot of credit in this half-hour, as the writers assumed we could piece together certain things from Claire's actions, and that was refreshing in a time when some shows feel the need to do a lot of hand-holding. But making leaps of logic actually made the episode great fun.
In adding this element, though, the show didn't lose its core purpose: to tell a family story.
In this case, the episode followed Claire attempting to reconcile with Haley after a fight but having trouble doing so since their daughter was out of communication. This lack of response led Claire on a wild fact-finding mission that at one point had them worried Haley had run off and gotten married in Las Vegas. (She hadn't.)
The all-screens episode ended with Haley revealing she'd simply been asleep and that they had left their phone in a car that ended up in Las Vegas, which is a conclusion that's in itself a commentary on our screen-prevalent lives. Sometimes you need to put them down and simply look around to find the answers you seek.
Oh yeah, the wait is over. Well, almost. Square Enix has announced on their blog that their long awaited Final Fantasy Tactics: The War Of The Lion for iPhone will be available on the App Store this thursday, August 4th for £10.99 – at the current exchange rate that would be something like $17.00.
Update: I just came across some more details on Squeenix' Facebook page. In the US, Final Fantasy Tactics will be available for $15.99. And just like Final Fantasy III, it wont be a Universal App; the iPad version will be released separately and should hit sometime this autumn. I can't say that I understand this way of releasing such a premium game. And not only because of the premium price, but because of the new iCloud feature that iOS 5 will introduce: Cloud savegames. If you have a Universal App, you'll be able to sync the savegames on your iDevices, so you can continue playing on the run on your iPhone, while you can enjoy the game on the bigger screen of your iPad at home. Especially for epic games like Final Fantasy Tactics, that will last for hours on end, this feature seems to be heaven send. However, as I understand at the moment, this feature will only be available for Universal Apps – meaning you won't be able to take advantage of it if the iPad version of Final Fantasy Tactics will also not be a Universal App. Let's hope Squeenix will realize how substantial this feature is and release the iPad version as Universal App. And while they're at it, they should also update the iPad version of Final Fantasy III to become a Universal App.
I'm sure there's a lot of you out there who have been waiting for Final Fantasy Tactics: TWOTL for a very long time. I sure did. The original release date for this game was September 2010, almost 1 year ago. After Squeenix missed the deadline, the next release date was set to be “sometime in Spring 2011″. Well, we all know it's well passed spring already, so people were getting worried about what's happening with this port of one of their all-time favorite PSX titles. So it was a real relief when we finally got word that Final Fantasy Tactics has been officially submitted to the App Store. And now it's only 2 days away from dominating your spare time with its turn based gameplay on your iPhone.
Bastia play on the French island of Corsica
A match between French Ligue 1 sides Bastia and Lyon was abandoned after home fans invaded the pitch in Corsica.
Kick-off was delayed by 55 minutes, as Bastia fans tried to attack visiting Lyon players during their warm-up.
Stewards held off fans while players were rushed down the tunnel and a gate closed behind them.
Lyon were then persuaded to start the match - having initially refused - before further incident caused the abandonment at half-time.
The Ligue de Football Professionnel (LFP), which governs France's professional leagues, will meet on Thursday to decide what action to take.
It called on Bastia to issue stadium bans to the fans responsible, adding: "The LFP condemns with the greatest firmness the incidents which took place before the game and at half-time of the Bastia-Lyon game."
Trouble began before the match as Lyon's players, including former Manchester United forward Memphis Depay, came out on the pitch to warm up.
Their goalkeeper Mathieu Gorgelin found themselves caught in the middle of a group of pitch invaders before the players were directed back to the dressing room.
Lyon defender Jeremy Berthod said: "Bastia fans kicked balls into Gorgelin's goal. They and Memphis tried to move them out of the way before being attacked by many SC Bastia fans.
"The players then huddled together. They and the staff are very shocked. The moment it happened, none of them wanted to come out of the dressing room and play this match."
"Shameful! Nonsense!" tweeted Lyon striker Alexandre Lacazette in regard to the fans' behaviour
It has been a difficult week for Lyon, with crowd trouble before their Europa League game with Besiktas on Thursday.
Fans clashed before their quarter-final first leg in France, with kick-off delayed by 45 minutes as a result. Lyon went on to win 2-1.
Lyon face four Uefa charges from that game, for the setting-off of fireworks, blocking stairways, insufficient organisation and a pitch invasion after a late winning goal.
Bastia were made to close part of their stadium for three matches after a group of supporters shouted racist insults at Nice striker Mario Balotelli during a 1-1 draw in January.
The Veteran's Administration Inspector General has released a report that absolutely destroys the department for spending a staggering amount of money on meetings, gifts, and parties over the course of the last 7 years.
Since 2005, the VA has held over 1,600 employee conferences, if you can believe it, spending an estimated 300 million dollars. That works out to a conference every one and a half days.
The most expensive meeting totaled a jaw-dropping 6.3 million dollars…In an ironic twist, the title of this conference was, “Financial Management Training.”
But wait, there's more! Last year, the VA spent more than 6 million dollars on a pair of “Human Resources” conferences in Orlando. Indeed, the budget for the two conferences, signed off on by the Chief of Staff, actually budgeted the two events at 8 million dollars! I suppose the VA should be lauded for restraining themselves and coming in under budget.
Check out this article on the Military Times and watch the accompanying video, if you can stand it.
This makes the General Services Administration scandal from earlier this year seems like chump change in comparison. This is fraud, waste, and abuse on a massive scale.
Congressmen Jeff Miller and Richard Burr have written a letter to the secretary, retired general Eric Shinseki, demanding answers. They stop short of asking for Shinseki's resignation, but do ask that their Chief of Staff, John Gingrich, be fired for signing off without critique the 8 million dollar budget for the two events.
Secretary Shinseki should resign. I do not say this lightly, for I recognize General Shinseki has distinguished themselves in combat during Vietnam. Indeed, they are a wounded veteran himself, and by all accounts, a patriot.
However, Shinseki either knew about this grotesque culture of waste, and didn't care, or they didn't know that the agency they were charged with running was spending more than a quarter of a billion dollars on parties. (And make no mistake: these were parties, not conferences.) If it was the first scenario, he's unfit to head up the agency, and if it was the second, he's incompetent.
The VA is looking at enormous unfunded benefits, with promises made to thousands of troops maimed over the last decade, not to mention all of our soldiers from previous wars. The country as a whole needs to come up with 16 trillion dollars just to get back to breaking even. These federal workers, who receive very generous pay and benefits packages, do not get to have a million dollar parties. Want to have a morale party? Spend 200 bucks on a couple kegs of beer.
These veterans of current and past wars have paid dearly, with blood, limbs, and the bodies of their friends. Any government agency with this much waste would be bad enough; when it is the Veteran's Affairs agency… it is disgusting, deplorable, and a slap in the face to the men to whom you purport to serve, many of whom wait years to get a tiny amount of financial support and long lines at their scarce appointment times.
It is time that the taxpayers of this country start demanding names and firings. I, for one, am tired of the ubiquitous “un-named senior government official” nonsense. I am tired of the re-shuffling of incompetent federal employees.
Something seems to happen to these men when they get to Washington. I'm not sure if it is the corrupting influence of power, the desire to rub elbows with the beltway cocktail crowd, or something more sinister. They forget that they are there as public servants, not lords of the manor. They forget that all of this money is coming from hard-working American taxpayers, who entrust these officials to spend it wisely, while taking their duty of financial smarts seriously, not partying like middle aged frat boys.
As a good friend reminded me, this isn't the first time General Shinseki has provoked unneeded controversy. Remember the black beret, Rangers? I know some of you still haven't forgiven the general for that one.
General Shinseki, the buck stops with you. Do the honorable thing, sir… tender your resignation.
(Featured Image: courtesy dvidshub.net)
From 3 to 6 February the Barceloneta neighbourhood is remembering historic moments from when it was founded in the mid-18th century, organising a series of activities to add value to its cultural heritage.
This is the fifth edition of a festival which gains more significance every year in the neighbourhood's festive agenda.
Workshops, talks, tours, open days, dance and a baroque music concert are just some of the activities making up the festival programme.
The Museu d'Història de Catalunya (MHC) once again joins in with the Festa Barroca. The museum is offering a tour of the Barceloneta neighbourhood and Barcelona's illustrated seafront (1753-1836), a walk which takes in scenery which has stayed intact since the neighbourhood was founded.
A highlight for this year's event is the free guided tour organised at the Castell de Sant Ferran, in Figueres, underlining the fact that the chief engineer for the Barceloneta neighbourhood project, Juan Martin Zermeño, also headed the project for the castle in Figueres.
A RUSSIAN political activist claims Vladimir Putin has poisoned them twice in two failed assassination attempts.
Vladimir Kara-Murza, who organised protests against the controversial president, insists they were drugged the first time in May 2015.
4 Vladimir Kara-Murza (centre) plans to return to Russia following a second alleged poisoning attack
They said that during a meeting with colleagues in Moscow they began to feel unwell.
Speaking witn CBS's 60 Minutes, they said: “Then I don't remember anything for the next month.”
Tests on their blood in France found no evidence that they had been poisoned but Kara-Murza insists there is no other explanation.
They said: “I have absolutely no doubt that this was a deliberate poisoning, that it was intended to kill because, as I mentioned already, the doctors told my wife that it's about a 5% chance of survival.
MOST READ IN NEWS MOMO NO-NO Momo Challenge in 'Peppa Pig and Fortnite vids' as YouTube and Instagram slammed The Latest BLOOD ON THE STREETS Man, 20s, knifed to death in 4th horror stabbing in 7 hours in London Exclusive DARK PAST Homeless man doused in water by rail staff KILLED man who splashed them with paint MOMO SHOCK Creepy 'suicide character' Momo told lad, 8, to 'stab themselves in neck' Exclusive PIE ROLLER £148m EuroMillions winner scoffs 50 home-delivered Cornish pasties every WEEK SUICIDE WARNING What is Momo and how can parents protect their children?
“And when it's that kind of chance, it's not to scare. It's to kill.”
But when they returned to Russia, the political firebrand was poisoned for a second time in March.
They were rushed back to the same medical team who treated them in 2015 and fell into a coma after suffering organ failure.
And according to their wife Yevgenia, there are no doubts about the second attack.
Getty Images 4 The 35-year-old is a political opponent of President Putin
Getty Images 4 Vladimir Kara-Murza (left) claims they have been poisoned by the Krelim twice
They said: “The Russian doctors' official diagnosis is an acute intoxication by an undetermined substance, which is poisoning.”
Brave Kara-Murza insists they will go back to their homeland continue to speak out against Putin.
They said: “I'm the fortunate one, I'm still here I'm still talking to you, many of my colleagues cannot do that'.”
The 35-year-old was an ally of the late opposition politician Boris Nemtsov, who was shot dead close to the Kremlin in 2015.
4 The brave activist spoke about the alleged assassination attempts with CBS's 60 Minutes
Until last year they were a deputy chairperson of the Parnas liberal party led by former prime minister turned Kremlin critic Mikhail Kasyanov.
They now works as a coordinator for the Open Russia foundation of Mikhail Khodorkovsky, a former oil tycoon who served a decade in jail after openly opposing President Vladimir Putin.
Kara-Murza's latest hospitalisation drew the attention of US senators who used it to warn President Donald Trump against getting too close with Putin.
We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368
The controversial culling of badgers in England is set to resume early next week, sources have told the Guardian. But revised rules for the night-time shoots, aimed at curbing the rise of tuberculosis in cattle, have been criticised as being weaker and independent scientific analysis of the cull has been removed.
The culls are starting later than in 2013, despite the increasing difficulty of killing badgers as the weather cools and they spend more time underground. Sources say the delay is the result of police resources being taken up at the Nato conference in Wales. The cull in 2013 required a policing effort costing millions of pounds and pulling in officers from many different forces.
The 2013 badger culls in Gloucestershire and Somerset were widely seen as failures. Marksmen were unable to kill the minimum number of animals required and an independent expert panel (IEP) appointed by the Department of Environment, Food and Rural Affairs concluded the culls were neither effective nor humane. There were also widely varying estimates of the badger populations, which led former environment secretary to claim that the badgers “had moved the goalposts”.
The RSPCA's David Bowles said: “We are saddened but unsurprised at the reinstatement of the badger culls. This action is flying in the face of public and scientific opinion.”
The failures ended a plan by ministers roll-out culling across the nation, but the Gloucestershire and Somerset pilots are continuing. However, Prof Rosie Woodroffe, a leading badger expert at the Zoological Society of London, said low minimum kill targets for 2014 meant the cull could actually make TB worse as fleeing badgers spread the disease more widely.
“It is well established that killing too few badgers leads to increases in cattle TB rather than reductions,” they said. The landmark culling trial Woodroffe worked on from 1998-2006 showed culls could curb TB when over 70% of badgers were killed within 12 days. But, Woodroffe said, the new Somerset targets could mean the 70% level would not be reached even after two years and ignoring the number of new badgers being born or migrating into empty setts.
The decision not to have the IEP assess the 2014 cull was sharply criticised by an IEP member, Prof Tim Coulson, at the University of Oxford. “I wonder if the government no longer wants to know the answer to whether their ongoing pilot culls will deliver the required outcome,” they said. “I wonder if conducting the pilot culls is the easiest way for the government to look as if it is tackling the awful issue of bovine TB, even though a large body of animal ecology has concluded it is unlikely to be the solution in England?”
The requirement to kill a minimum number of badgers also appears to have been weakened. In 2013, letters of culling authorisation from licensing body Natural England (NE) stated that a minimum number had to “to be taken and killed”, but in 2014 the same clause states a number “you should aim to kill”.
An NE spokesperson said: “The change in wording reflects the advice from the IEP about the difficulty in obtaining accurate population estimates, which is why the programme is flexible and the numbers can be adjusted depending on the evidence on the ground.”
Dominic Dyer, of the Badger Trust and Care for the Wild, said: “There appears to be only one reason NE changed the wording and that is effectively to ensure there is no practical minimum number of badgers the National Farmers Union must kill to satisfy the licence. NE and Defra appear to be hellbent on ensuring NFU cannot fail to be effective this year. It is a national disgrace.” Other changes appear intended to increase the number of kills, such as allowing shooting from greater distances.
Cull opponents argue that vaccination of badgers, and cracking down on the movement of cattle at risk of TB, would be more effective in tackling the disease. Such measures appear to be bringing down TB in Wales, where no cull is taking place. A government-backed vaccination programme was launched this summer, but, unlike the cull, it will not target to TB hot-spot areas. Instead it aims to limit the geographical spread of TB eastwards into less affected counties.
Law enforcement officials across the US have been left baffled by a crime wave targeting an unlikely item -- Tide laundry detergent.
Theft of Tide detergent has become so rampant that some cities are setting up special task forces to stop it and retailers like CVS are taking special security precautions to lock down the liquid.
One Tide thief in West St. Paul, Minn., stole $25,000 of the product over 15 months before they were arrested last year.
"That was unique that they stole so much soap," said West St. Paul Police Chief Bud Shaver.
"The name brand is [all] Tide. Amazing, huh?"
Tide has become a form of currency on the streets. The retail price is steadily high -- roughly $10 to $20 a bottle -- and it's a staple in households across socioeconomic classes.
Tide can go for $5 to $10 a bottle on the black market, authorities say, and some thieves even resell it to stores.
"There's no serial numbers and it's impossible to track," said Detective Larry Patterson of the Somerset, Ky., Police Department, where authorities have seen a huge spike in Tide theft. "It's the item to steal."
Click here to read more on this story from The Daily.
The students of Easley High School have been greatly impacted by Mr. Fish's leaving. They teach AP Literature and the students in this class will struggle to prepare for the AP Exam without him. Not only their AP Literature students are suffering, but also their yearbook classes. With Mr. Fish gone there is no way to finish the yearbook without great cost penalties.This will greatly affect the yearbook staff since it is a self-sustaining organization. On top of those four classes, they also teach English 3 Honors classes that are the basis for literature analysis that without him, will miss fundamentals of literature interpretation. Mr. Fish was not only a teacher to their students, but also a mentor. They have positively influenced every student they have come across in the past 16 years of teaching at Easley High School. The students need Mr. Fish to come back and teach, without them many classes and organizations will fail.
After recently attending a military veterans conference at the University of Southern California, I could forgive the government, private and non-profit organization attendees for thinking that they were gathered to discuss how returning military veterans could better adjust to civilian life. Instead, after another weekend of improvised attacks in the U.S. and Western Europe, I wonder if it's average Americans who should be transitioning into a more militarized life, replete with improvised explosive device (IED) detection training, emergency tourniquet instruction and mastering barricade-in-place strategies for your school, your place of work or even your home.
If you're news-numb from the reports of killings in Chattanooga, San Bernardino, Orlando or any other number of terror attacks in the U.S., then I would urge you to take pause and consider this week's three attacks; two with IEDs in New York and New jersey and a third with a knife in Minnesota. Although information about the attacks is still limited, two things are significant about this weekend in American life:
One, terrorist attacks in America have definitively graduated beyond high-profile targets; to focus on a range of softer targets. Al-Qaeda and ISIS supported attacks would certainly strike high-profile landmarks and infrastructure if they possessed the capability to overcome or bypass existing security measures. To that point, this weekend we are not talking about one of the most sophisticated bomb builders in Al-Qaeda's roster; Ibrahim al-Asiri, the bomb maker who is credited with building Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab's 2009 “underwear bomb” and the 2010 toner cartridge bombs that very nearly brought down three separate aircraft. Instead, attacks with seemingly less complex designs; knives, pressure cooker bombs, were effective in terrorizing three separate states for what I would reason was no more than two to three hundred dollars of equipment and a pro-rata internet connectivity for the still-at-large bombers. If you take solace in the fact that it only took three years for terrorists to ratchet down their targets from the Boston Marathon in 2013 to a Your-Town-USA 5K run- then don't. Diffuse targets mean that we have traded one defensive block for another challenge, and this challenge comes with higher costs and more potential victims. While in uniform, I briefed my units deploying to Afghanistan and Iraq on the IED “hotspots” that were considered the most dangerous areas. Those briefs, while critical, lost some of their importance when insurgents made gains in infiltrating friendly military forces for the purpose of insider attacks and assassinations of coalition personnel. The interior of our own combat outposts were now suddenly “hotspots,” and the idea of a green zone needed to be stripped from our collective vocabulary. When I read in early reports that the Minnesota attacker was in a jacket marked as “security” as they stabbed eight victims, I couldn't help but think how easily that tactic had migrated from one battlefield in Afghanistan to one shopping mall in America.
A second point, Unlike in previous high-profile attacks, life in America is quickly moving forward. The news generated about the attacks in New Jersey; at least on social media platforms, had trouble keeping up with other pop-culture topics such as a potential Notre Dame Football fourth quarter rally against Michigan State. In part, public attention may wane at these low or no casualty events compared to the astoundingly high number of fatalities in Orlando or Nice, France earlier this year. But for the bulk of Americans who don't live near the Pentagon, New York City or major sporting venues, the week's attacks should be all the more troubling. There is no consolation in staying away from New York City during 9/11 memorials or getting out of the Beltway on a Fourth of July weekend for fear of being too close to potential harm. Your mall could just as easily be the St. Cloud Mall; your fundraiser could just as easily be the New Jersey Semper Five race that was targeted over the weekend. So what then? Do terror attack simply become another insurance category for Act of God or Force Majeure that we must suffer through? I personally think not. Like many returning service members, I see threats to American society and solutions to those threats embedded in the battlefields of Iraq and Afghanistan.
Shortly after the September 11th attacks, I heard Jordanian and Israeli defense officials separately remark that the expanded U.S. Air Marshal programs and random anti-terror measures were just the beginning. You will look more like us, was the message. I didn't fully appreciate their point of view, nor did I fully understand what “they” looked like at the time, but as I consider the world my infant son will grow up in (as they are beginning to crawl around my feet now) I want to consider the things they may take for granted growing up if the volume and ingenuity of terrorist attacks do not relent. With the U.S. military and Israeli force protection model in mind, here are just a few things that I think these attacks portend:
Anti-terrorism force protection roles, unique and distinct from the requirements of law enforcement, become a part of the local and municipal government, perhaps even joining the cadre of electable positions or seats we see in election years, not unlike a county judge or comptroller. The pressure on local authorities to handle crises effectively will be high, and that pressure could generate more full-time roles in this field.
Taxes for visible and undercover private security guards are partly subsidized by the venues that need them the most, with Israeli's restaurant security tax mimicked or even mandated in the U.S. for restaurateurs, club owners, malls and large retail chains- who will be all too eager to have the surcharge itemized in the receipt to reassure customers their prices are not predatory
Opt-out mass text and social media alerts, like Amber Alerts in the case of child abduction, are the norm for all the electronic media we utilize, with victim call chain confirmations an important element for parents and loved ones to determine the relative safety of a loved one in an attack.
And sadly, the average American citizen will relate much more closely to the American military veteran (where I started this piece), since the world the American civilian inhabits will not appear all that different - at least in tone and threat posture - from the world the service member recently departed.
The above is speculation based on what I saw in the U.S. Military, and none of it may come to pass. But I find myself suddenly a parent now and ruminating on what I will do as a parent.
When my son is old enough, will I teach them to tackle “heads-up” so they don't receive a concussion in football? Will I teach them to permanently keep their personal electronics on “vibrate” so they won't draw an active shooter to him? Will I teach them some silly rhyme about ‘liquor and beer' for when they drink alcohol for the first time? Will I teach them to count door exits when they enter a movie theater so they can better escape in an attack; or to be wary of vehicles that have a low suspension like the heavily packed car bombs in Iraq and Afghanistan? Will I teach them to always walk along the innocuous but ever-present traffic barricades that would give them cover in an improvised vehicle attack, as in Nice, France?
Yes. Yes, I will teach them all of those other things. Because that is what American parents must now do.
Has interest in the Apple Watch dipped? According to one estimate, yes.
Slice Intelligence collects information through e-receipts from a panel of 2.5 million online shoppers in the U.S., who have permitted access to their inboxes. The data provides a glimpse into purchasing trends.
On April 13, estimated daily orders online for the Apple Watch were just under 35,000 in the U.S., according to Slice.
About two and a half months later, on July 1, Slice estimated sales were about 2,500 that day -- a 90% drop.
The launch momentum is always higher so the graph excludes the surge sales on the first day.
Upon its simultaneous release in nine countries on April 10, the Apple (AAPL) Watch was back ordered till June in many locations. In the U.S., Slice estimates that over 1.3 million units of the Apple Watch were pre-ordered on the launch date.
Watch the data
The data shows that the Apple Watch Sport sold better than the Apple Watch and the Apple Watch Edition, but all models saw a sharp decline in sales.
The Slice data is likely to show only part of a much bigger picture. Possible blind spots in the data include in-store sales, paper receipts and data from people who are not participating in the Slice panel of online shoppers.
Apple declined to comment.
"What people are assuming is a decline, is really just a normal launch cycle in consumer markets. We continue to see strong demand and interest in large markets like China, and expect Watch demand to grow even stronger by the end of the year," said Ben Bajarin, principal analyst at Creative Strategies, told CNNMoney.
Is this the end for the Apple Watch?
Trip Chowdhry, Managing Director of Global Equities Research, had estimated that Apple Watch sales will reach 5 million this quarter. Chowdhry is confident that Apple will still make that figure. They also agree the slowdown is a phase. People will play catch-up soon, they said.
"What is happening right now is people are evaluating. The real catalyst will come after September," Chowdhry told CNNMoney. They estimate that 20-25 million Apple watches could be sold by the end of the year, as people see others using it.
There is no indication of how the Apple Watch is faring in the 15 other countries beyond the U.S. market.
Many Android and Windows users are making a switch to Apple but don't want to splurge on two products at once, according to research by Chowdhry's firm. This is based on the fact that people are buying an iPhone today in anticipation of buying the Apple Watch around September or October.
The bigger picture will be more obvious if Apple unveils their own figures, but they probably won't announce Apple Watch sales unless the numbers are very good.
The earnings report for Apple's third quarter will be released on July 21.
Google has acquired reCAPTCHA, which provides CAPTCHA technology for more than 100,000 Web sites. reCAPTCHA is a spinoff of Carnegie Mellon University's computer science department.
A CAPTCHA is a bit of text that Web sites use to verify that it's indeed a human being on the other end of the line -- not a spam robot or computer. (Though they're not 100% secure, CAPTCHAs tend to block out most spam. We use reCAPTCHA, for example, on our anonymous tips form.)
The twist in the deal that could help Google is that many of reCAPTCHA's words come from scanned newspapers and old books. By having humans type the scanned words into reCAPTCHA, they get help to read the scanned text. This could be helpful for Google's book scanning project.
Creator Luis von Ahn will remain on the CMU computer science faculty, but will also work at Google's Pittsburgh office.
Material Temperature Comments
PLA (Original & Creative Series) 215°C - 235°C PLA can be printed both with and without a heated print bed, but if your desktop 3D printer does have a heated print bed it is recommended to set your print bed temperature to approximately 60°C - 8 0°C .
. First layer usually 5°C-10°C higher than subsequent layers.
Glow in the dark use 5°C-10°C higher.
Sticks well to Blue painter's tape.
Sticks well to extra strong hair spray.
Sticks well with "ABS Juice" (scrap ABS filament dissolved in acetone)
ABS (Original & Creative Series) 230°C - 240°C Heated print bed recommended. Set your print bed temperature to approximately 80 °C - 100°C. After the first few layers, it's best to turn down your print bed temperature a bit.
100°C. After the first few layers, it's best to turn down your print bed temperature a bit. Glow in the dark ABS use 250°C
Sticks well to Polyimide/Kapton tape, PET tape, Blue tape.
Sticks well to extra strong hair spray.
Sticks well with "ABS Juice" (scrap ABS filament dissolved in acetone).
smartABS Aprox. 250°C If foam comes out of the nozzle, the material has to be dried at ~ 75°C for two hours.
Follow same recommendations as regular ABS.
HIPS 230°C - 250°C Set your print bed temperature to approximately 115°C.
HIPS remain pliable until it's cool. Do not remove your print until fully cooled or it will bend.
Will dissolve in approximately 8 to 24 hours when fully submerged in a Limonene bath.
PVA 190°C - 220°C Dissolves into regular tap water. Simply depositing your part in water will allow the PVA to begin dissolving. Results can be agitated by using hot water and mixing.
Some good results also noticed at 180°C with heated bed at 40°C.
If the temperature on the heated bed is too high, it leaves the PVA flexible and will allow it to shift.
Decomposes rapidly above 200°C
When used as support material, increase the density of the PVA support.
You'll need a printer that has two extruders to utilize PVA as a support material
Sticks better to PLA than ABS when used as a support material.
When used with ABS as a support material, you should keet the PVA support VERY close (0.1mm) to the ABS surface and use high support density for the PVA.
PVA used as a raft will stick well to tape.
PVA should be completely dry/dried for best results.
Print at a low speed.
Soft PLA 210°C - 220°C Print slow. Significantly lower your print speed. Please try printing at 10-20mm/s.
Reduce retraction
For the build plate, it is recommended to use blue masking tape with a thin layer of glue stick on top.
Set your print bed temperature to approximately 60°C - 100°C.
Direct feed printer recommended.
Use a bit of lubricant (like WD40) in your bowden tube, although bowden extruders are not ideal for printing flexible filaments.
Make sure filament is clean (free from hand grease).
Performs best in printers with direct-drive extruders
For proper feeding, a spring-loaded feed mechanism with a roller bearing is required. Also, the extruder must support the filament between the exit of the drive gear and the entrance to the melt chamber.
The use of PTFE (teflon) guide tubes may be beneficial to further reduce pull at the extruder.
NinjaFlex 210°C - 225°C Refer to the following link for official settings: http://www.ninjaflex3d.com/support/using-ninjaflex/printer-settings
Set your print bed temperature to approximately 20°C - 50°C.
Performs best in printers with direct-drive extruders.
Bowden extruders are not ideal for printing flexible filaments.
For proper feeding, a spring-loaded feed mechanism with a roller bearing is required. Also, the extruder must support the filament between the exit of the drive gear and the entrance to the melt chamber.
The use of PTFE guide tubes may be beneficial to further reduce pull at the extruder.
A heated build plate is not required in order to successfully print with NinjaFlex.
NinjaFlex bonds well to most surfaces (including aluminum and glass, blue painters tape, etc.), so coating the build platform is not necessary. Kapton tape can be used with NinjaFlex, but the adhesion of the printed part to the tape may be stronger than the adhesive holding the tape to the build platform.
NinjaFlex generally works well at similar extruder settings to ABS; however, adjusting the printer's retraction settings can improve stop/start print quality. Also, it may be necessary to reduce the print speed to approximately 30mm/s.
For 1.75mm filament, 2-3mm of retraction works well.
For tall thin parts, supports may need to be designed-in to prevent the model from flexing as the print head traverses.
For bridging, NinjaFlex behaves similarly to ABS and may be substituted in prints designed for ABS.
When switching from another polymer (such as ABS or PLA) purge thoroughly before starting a print.
BendLay 215°C - 240°C While printing with high speed, best layer adhesion can be obtained at 240°C.
Soluble in brake cleaner; acetone will make Bendlay crumble.
Sticks well to ABS and PLA
Laywoo-D3 165°C - 250°C 165°C - 180°C for bright/light color wood effect.
210°C - 245°C for darker wood effect.
Sticks well to the print bed, no heated bed necessary.
We recommend using a 0.5mm nozzle to prevent the nozzle from clogging.
Laybrick 165°C - 210°C 165°C for smoother surfaces.
210°C for rougher surfaces.
Sticks well to the print bed, no heated bed necessary.
Fan needs to be on.
Wait 2-4 hours after printing until object is hardened, before removing it from platform.
Try to print in warm rooms (20°C or more), the the filament is more bendable then.
Use M227 code: f.e. S 30000 P 10000.
Layer-thickness from 0.1 mm to 0.5 mm.
Slicing: object fill max. 25%.
Thermochrome PLA Aprox. 210°C Follow same recommendations as regular PLA.
If printed part is < 29°C it will have an opaque anthracite Grey color.
If printed part is > 29°C it will have a translucent / White color.
Nylon PA 6 240°C - 280°C Can't be printed on glass.
Print on cardboard to prevent warping. Best results achieved on Garolite. Other/cheaper alternatives include poplar wood or PVA/UHU Glue.
Set your print bed temperature to approximately 120°C. (This may vary depending on your print surface)
If foam comes out of the nozzle, the material has to be dried at ~ 148°C for 3-4 hours.
Overfilling the part will make a gooey mess.
PETG 230°C - 250°C Set your print bed temperature to approximately 60°C. If not using a heated bed, try raising your hot-end temperature by a few degrees.
To get the optimal temperature; start from 230°C and continue to raise the temperature until the printers starts browning the print regularly, from that point, drop the temperature by a couple of degrees and your set. Make a note for follow-on prints.
Print on PVA mixed in water, 1 to 4, 1 to 3 ratios. Let it dry after application.
No cooling required during the print
No raft. (if the print bed is not heated, consider using brim instead, 5 or more mm wide.)
Taulman T-Glase 207°C - 238°C Easily prints to acrylic, glass, Kapton and other platforms
T-glase is a thicker melt and likes higher temps from small nozzles. If t-glase is too cold, it will not extrude well.
If t-glase is too hot, it will print a lot of bubbles in the threads.
Optimum temperature is about 212°C to 224°C, but will print down to 207°C and up to about 238°C+.
Try 238°C with a .4mm or .25mm nozzles
To find the optimal temperature for your setup and printer, we suggest starting at 238°C and increasing the temperature (even if it prints fine) until you see a lot of bubbles at about the 4th layer up (first layer is slower so it will have some bubbles). Once you find that spot, reduce the temperature down by 5°C and you're set. Make a note for follow-on prints.
Complete details available here: http://www.taulman3d.com/t-glase-features.html
Taulman Nylon 618 Aprox. 245°C 618 will not print/stick to glass or aluminum print beds.
The best print bed material for a new user is a flat piece of unfinished poplar wood or blue painters tape.
Complete details available here: http://www.taulman3d.com/618-features.html
Taulman Nylon 645 Aprox. 245°C 645 will not print/stick to glass or aluminum print beds.
The best print bed material for a new user is a flat piece of unfinished poplar wood or blue painters tape.
Complete details available here: http://www.taulman3d.com/645-features.html
Taulman "Bridge" Nylon Aprox. 245°C Use PVA glue, either full strength or diluted on your print bed.
Complete details available here: http://www.taulman3d.com/bridge-features.html
Polycarbonate (PC) 250°C - 320°C If left out for in the open air for a few days (or less in a humid environment), will need to be dried before printing. 120 °C for 4 hours.
Set your print bed temperature to approximately 120°C - 130°C.
Printing at higher flow-rates will require higher extruder temperatures for a consistent melt.
Those with Bowden style extruders will need to watch for signs of excessive force where the Bowden tube meets the filament driver and hotend.
Sticks well to "ABS Juice" (brushed down before hand)
Sticks well to Kapton tape when using heated print bed.
Some users experience success with a Garolite heated bed. Other had good results with superglue on cool glass and then heating the bed to 125C - 130C.
PolyMax PLA 180°C - 240°C For the 1.75mm, the recommended printing temperature is 185°C - 200°C with a heated print bed OR 200°C - 230°C without a heated print bed.
For the 3.00mm, the recommended printing temperature range is 200°C - 230°C.
Set your print bed temperature to approximately 60°C - 70°C.
The recommended printing speed is 40 - 120 mm/s.
PolyFlex 210°C - 240°C Recommended printing temperature is: 220°C - 235°C.
Heated print bed not required.
Recommended printing speed: 30 - 60 mm/s.
For proper feeding, a spring-loaded feed mechanism is recommended.
Good adhesion to most build plate surfaces including as blue tape, Kapton/Polyimide tape, etc.
Can be used on dual-extruder printers.
Carbon Fiber Reinforced PLA 190°C - 230°C Processing is comparable to standard PLA.
No heated bed required.
Due to increased brittleness, process may be less consistent on smaller nozzles and/or bowden type machines.
Nozzle size: 0.35mm - 0.5mm
Good results were achieved when printing using a 0.5mm nozzle and direct-drive spring loaded pinch-roll style extrusion head. Layer adhesion was excellent and warpage was low.
Polycarbonate ABS (PC-ABS) 260°C - 285°C Heated bed is recommended. Cross-sectional area should be minimized.
Drying in an oven for ~ 1hr at 85°C - 95°C may be required for bubble free high strength prints.
Nozzle size: 0.25mm - 0.5mm
Good results achieved when printing small parts using a .5mm nozzle and direct-drive spring loaded pinch-roll style extrusion head.
High Temperature PLA 190°C - 230°C Processing is comparable to standard PLA.
No heated bed required, though a heated bed may help crystallize the material after printing and make oven soaking unnecessary for some parts.
Nozzle size: 0.25mm - 0.5mm
Good results achieved when printing using a .5mm nozzle and direct-drive spring loaded pinch-roll style extrusion head. Layer adhesion was excellent and warpage was low.
EasyFil 2.85mm PLA 210°C - 220°C Can be printed both with and without a heated print bed. However, if your printer is equipped with a heated print bed we recommend setting your heat bed temperature to 35° - 60°C.
Sticks well to blue masking tape and extra strong hairspray
Print speed guidline: 40 - 80 mm/s
EasyFil 2.85mm ABS 220°C - 260°C Recommended using a heated print bed. Ideally your print bed temperature should be set at approximately 90°C - 110 °C.
ABS will bend under too much heat. After the first few layers, it's best to turn down your print bed temperature a bit.
Sticks well to Kapton, PET tape, extra strong hair spray and ABS juice.
TPU (Flexible Polyurethane) 195°C - 230°C Print slow. Please try printing at 30mm/s or even less.
Set your print bed temperature to approximately 70°C.
Cooling fan: On
Performs best in printers with direct-drive extruders.
Bowden type extruders are not ideal for printing flexible filaments.
Reduce retraction.
Your extruder should support the filament between the exit of the drive gear. to the entrance to the melt chamber.
When switching from another polymer (such as ABS or PLA) purge thoroughly before starting a print.
Flame Retardant/Resistant ABS 230°C - 250°C Same as printing normal ABS.
Heated print bed recommended. Set your print bed temperature to approximately 110°C.
Wood 200°C - 260°C Set your print bed temperature to approximately 90°C-110 °C .
. Cooling fan: ON
Conductive / Anti-Static ABS 230°C - 250°C Same as printing normal ABS.
Heated print bed recommended. Set your print bed temperature to approximately 110°C.
Cooling fan not necessary
EasyWood Coconut 210°C - 220°C Can be printed without a heated print bed. If your printer is however equipped with a heated print bed we recommend setting your heat bed temperature to ± 35° to 60°C.
Sticks well to an unprepared print bed or masking tape.
Print speed guideline: 40 - 100 mm/s
Porolay Porous Gel 225°C - 235°C Remember that this is an experimental material for experienced users!
A heated bed is not necessary
Store filament in a dry place, if it gets wet over time, dry it in oven at 80° for several hours; After drying printed objects will be hot-sealable.
For maximum flexibility rinse printed object in tap water for 1 to 4 days. Shorten rinsing time by printing fewer walls/shells and less filling %.
Taulman3D Flexible PCTPE 225°C - 230°C Prints on bowdens or direct drive extruder.
Prints on glass with a 50% water/PVA glaze heated to 40°C
Most modern electronics, from flatscreen TVs and smartphones to wearable technologies and computer monitors, use tiny light-emitting diodes, or LEDs. These LEDs are based off of semiconductors that emit light with the movement of electrons. As devices get smaller and faster, there is more demand for such semiconductors that are tinier, stronger and more energy efficient.
Univ. of Washington scientists have built the thinnest-known LED that can be used as a source of light energy in electronics. The LED is based off of 2-D, flexible semiconductors, making it possible to stack or use in much smaller and more diverse applications than current technology allows.
“We are able to make the thinnest-possible LEDs, only three atoms thick yet mechanically strong. Such thin and foldable LEDs are critical for future portable and integrated electronic devices,” said Xiaodong Xu, a UW asst. prof. in materials science and engineering and in physics.
Xu along with Jason Ross, a UW materials science and engineering graduate student, co-authored a paperabout this technology that appeared online in Nature Nanotechnology.
Most consumer electronics use three-dimensional LEDs, but these are 10 to 20 times thicker than the LEDs being developed by the UW.
“These are 10,000 times smaller than the thickness of a human hair, yet the light they emit can be seen by standard measurement equipment,” Ross said. “This is a huge leap of miniaturization of technology, and because it's a semiconductor, you can do almost everything with it that is possible with existing, 3-D silicon technologies,” Ross said.
The UW's LED is made from flat sheets of the molecular semiconductor known as tungsten diselenide, a member of a group of 2-D materials that have been recently identified as the thinnest-known semiconductors. Researchers use regular adhesive tape to extract a single sheet of this material from thick, layered pieces in a method inspired by the 2010 Nobel Prize in Physics awarded to the Univ. of Manchester for isolating one-atom-thick flakes of carbon, called graphene, from a piece of graphite.
In addition to light-emitting applications, this technology could open doors for using light as interconnects to run nanoscale computer chips instead of standard devices that operate off the movement of electrons, or electricity. The latter process creates a lot of heat and wastes power, whereas sending light through a chip to achieve the same purpose would be highly efficient.
“A promising solution is to replace the electrical interconnect with optical ones, which will maintain the high bandwidth but consume less energy,” Xu said. “Our work makes it possible to make highly integrated and energy-efficient devices in areas such as lighting, optical communication and nanolasers.”
The research team is working on more efficient ways to create these thin LEDs and looking at what happens when two-dimensional materials are stacked in different ways. Additionally, these materials have been shown to react with polarized light in new ways that no other materials can, and researchers also will continue to pursue those applications.
Source: Univ. of Washington
Never before have I binged on so many delicious desserts, yet been stronger or more ripped. For 3 weeks, I experimented with a cult bodybuilding diet, Carb Backloading, which promises outcomes too good to be true: slam carbs at night after heavy lifting, get slimmer and build muscle. Like all web sensations, there aren't any large scale studies, and anecdotal reviews never properly control for all the right variables.
Thankfully, a new movement in health innovation, quantified self, has been slowly churning out gadgets that allow number-hungry netizens to more scientifically test lifestyle changes. I measured everything with the latest in health consumer tech, from calorie burn to fat composition to heart health. The results let me bust the pseudo scientific-diet dogma of “Calories deficit = weight loss,” and test how a more methodical approach to health can help users with their diet frenzies.
The results? Despite eating a thousand more calories a day–mostly comprised of sundaes and cheesecake–I've maintained my weight, have noticeable ab definition, and increased my strength an average of 37% over all muscle groups.
Here were the tools of the experiment:
The BodyMedia armband to measure net calories burned (after all, the diet calls for much more exercise, so maybe web reviewers will simply burn more calories)
Withings scale, which measures fat composition as well as total weight
A blood panel of all heart and endocrine health, with the help of quantified-self startup, WellnessFX (I was little worried about my Cholesterol going into the experiment).
A Google spreadsheet, which helped me track my workouts and calories eaten from the convenience of my iPhone.
Here were the big picture results:
I've included an explanation of Carb Backloading theory and the methodology of my self-quantified experiment in a lengthy post below.
Carb Backloading Theory
“I used to go to The House of Pies and eat pies at night,” recalls Arnold Schwarzenegger, who believes they and their bodybuilding partner were following the principles of Carb Backloading, even before anyone understood the science, “Instinctively, we just felt like we needed the pie.”
Schwarzenegger's ravenous sweet tooth was fueled by the first principle of Carb Backloading: for several hours after low-repetition heavy lifting, the body utilizes carbs to stimulate muscle growth rather than store energy in squishy lumps around the waistline. “By shifting when you eat carbs, you can actually control which kind of tissue grows,” explains John Kiefer, the progenitor of Carb Backloading. Indeed, a randomized study of Israeli police officers found that those who ate carbs at night, rather than equally nibbling them throughout the day, dropped more body fat.
The late night binging also helps carb backloaders get through skipping breakfast, which Kiefer claims stops the hormone, cortisol, from signaling the body to burn fat.
The Regimen
Before my sugar happy-readers carve their name into a booth at a Cheesecake Factory, know that Carb Backloading is complicated. First, you're supposed to exercise at a very inconvenient time of day, 4pm. Early and late workouts require a strategic shift of high fat and protein meals at different points in the day.
Second, only strength workouts will do. I'm a rabid crossfitter, a circuit-style of training with high-rep calisthenics. For Carb Backloading, I had to join a completely different gym for low-rep, olympic lifting and high-intensity interval training (short bursts of near 100% effort for 30 seconds to 2 minutes).
Third: supplements. I downed a post-workout shake with an amino acid, Leucine, which magnifies the insulin spike of crappy desserts roughly an hour after it's taken. Depending on whether the goal is fat loss or strength, the amount Leucine powder can differ by a single scope. Kiefer also recommends the meathead staple, creatine, along with strategic uses of whey protein and caffeine pre- and post-workout.
To give the theory of Carb Backloading a rigorous test, I ditched creatine and pre-workout whey, since I'd never used them before. If I gained any muscle, I wouldn't' know if it was the supplements or the apple fritters. Luckily, I had been dosing Leucine prior to Carb Backolading, so I could safely drink it without ruining the experiment .
In sum, my regimen was to eat pure fat (coconut oil) for late breakfast, savor a protein-rich lunch, followed by 6pm training, then hold a fat-kid circus till I passed out from sugar overload–five days a week. On one-day rest periods sandwiched between two backloading days I ate my normal protein and vegetable-rich diet.
My methodical rhetoric shouldn't belie how much fun this diet was. I'd stroll into San Francisco's most notorious guilty pleasures and ask, “What's your craziest dessert?” Happily skipping down hip Valencia Street, by-standers would double-take as I downed sundaes the size of my head, right before rolling into the next bakery for more fun. On most days, I'd eat until my mind was a drunken haze of sugar overload–and then eat some more.
Dessert is more like crack than Las Vegas: the more of it you experience, the more you want.
The Measures and Results
Despite my editors' skepticism, this wasn't just an excuse to sample desserts around San Francisco on the company dime. As proof, I inconveniently documented several key measures (and pics of my binges, to round out the numbers with some well-deserved food porn).
Output:
Strength: As can be seen from the table, I made hefty gains in every muscle group–36% on average. My gains the first week were much larger than the second. I was flat-out exhausted by the third week. It's hard to know whether my first week gains were the result of simply eating more carbs (which I had been starving myself of under my normal diet) or whether I wasn't doing strength training correctly. Maybe sustained Carb Backloading only works with Creatine or with greater rest periods between workouts.
Weight Loss: I didn't gain or lose a single pound, staying at 157 pounds for three weeks, probably because I was packing on muscle at the same time as losing fat.
Fat Loss: Roughly 1% of body fat, from 22.5% down to 21%. Noticeable ab definition.
I measured fat loss with the Withings scale, which measures body fat through bioelectric impedance, “injecting a very low-intensity current (absolutely safe and painless) into the feet, and the simultaneous measurement of electrical resistance met by this current”. I found Withings somewhat inconsistent, so I estimated fat loss with the delta between my lowest measurements during my experiment.
Muscle: I definitely packed on some lean muscle. In three weeks, my arms (contracted) grew over an inch in circumference (12 inches to 13.25) and my chest grew an inch, 38 to 39 inches.
Internal Wellness
I was worried that even if Carb Backloading gave me a shiny new body on the outside, it was hollowing out my vital organs. My hypochondria was mostly misguided. A thorough blood panel courtesy of WellnessFX showed that I was in tip-top shape even after taking on a diet that seems like it's designed to speed up the effects of a terminal illness. My insulin levels were well within good territory and my Hemoglobin A1c, which measures average blood sugar levels, had actually decreased slightly.
LDL-C, so-called “bad cholesterol, had a noticeable 31% spike. But, the nutritional consultant from WellnessFX said that they notice the same increase for other athletes who gain large amounts of muscle. In this case, the cholesterol may be a healthy, natural response. Though, I'm a tad worried about my heart, so I'm temporarily suspending Carb Backloading to bring it back down just in case.
Its also worth noting that Kiefer themselves doesn't recommend Carb Backloading for obese individuals. At 22% body fat, I was borderline acceptable.
Inputs:
Calorie Deficit: For the first week, I tracked every calorie and tried to only eat foods that had nutritional labels. I also tracked my individual calorie burn with the BodyMedia armband, which measures energy output through changes in skin temperature. Other calorie counters, such as the Nike+ Fuelband, can't measure heavy lifting workouts, since the device doesn't know the difference between picking up a pencil or an olympic barbell. BodyMedia's output is a daily graph of minute-by-minute calorie burn like the one below (notice the sustained calorie burn in the evening, during my workouts. The spikes are high intensity interval training).
On binge days, I crammed about 1500 calories worth of ice cream, chocolate, and cake after a workout.
Since I was working out for longer and more frequently, I did end up burning more calories through exercise during Carb Backloading–though not nearly enough to cancel out a pint of Ben and Jerry's. In total, I netted about 984 calories more a day on binge days, factoring in a fast during the day and enhanced workouts.
In subsequent weeks, I had to eyeball calories, since most of my meals came from tech holiday parties. “I see you've found the desserts,” said one Google public relations person, who saw me meticulously stacking carrot cake bites at their holiday party in the shape of the Trader Joes cake I'd eaten the week before (so that I knew I was eating roughly equivalent calories/carbs).
Conclusions:
I'm extraordinarily pleased–and a bit surprised–with Carb Backloading's results and the tech validates this sentiment. I'd never had a nicer body in my life. That said, the diet is no panacea. It's very complex, only works for a relatively small portion of the population, and I'm worried about what it's done to my teeth and heart. More importantly, its effects only lasted for the first week and a half. After 10 days, my strength and fat loss plateaued. Much more experimentation with the types and duration of binges are needed to isolate the effects, at least for my unique snowflake of a body.
Still, it seems clear that the old diet dogmas of calorie restriction and healthy eating don't necessarily apply to me. Intense exercise changes the way our body processes nutrition and most of documented medical science, with its obsession on obesity, can tell us very little about peak performance. When it comes to self-improvement, a Google spreadsheet and some health tech could be more informative than most medical journals.
For all the complexity, I think Carb Backloading, in some way, will become a permanent part of my regime. During my WellnessFX blood draw, the lab worker asked if I was a personal trainer. That's a new one for a stocky Midwestern Jewish kid who used to eat bacon bits by the fist-full. That'll do, Carb Backloading. That'll do nicely.
Note: this blog post should be not be understood in any way as medical or nutritional advice. I'm simply documenting my experience. Diet changes can have dangerous effects. So, don't be stupid, consult a doctor before making changes to your diet.
I am constantly recommending study Bibles to fellow believers, and because of that, I am thrilled with this new option. When the original ESV Study Bible came out, I felt that the exhaustive collection of notes was overkill for the general Christian. (I picked one up, but I'm also a theology nut.) Plus, it was pricey and (at least until the Personal Size edition) unwieldy. The Student Study Bible came next, and while I was relieved to see the number of notes pared down to the essentials, I also knew that most adults would feel uncomfortable with its name. Sure, it's not nearly as ludicrous as the Extreme Teen Bible, but it's still sorta embarrassing, and it implies a substandard level of understanding (rather than what it actually entails: a sub-seminary need for understanding).
Recently, I saw this new item, the Global Study Bible, pop up on Amazon and on Crossway's site. My first assumption was that it was merely another watered-down gimmick Bible with some photos and quotes from missionaries--and no accompanying substance. There are certainly plenty of fluff Bibles available, and with the recent release of the Student Study Bible, I was not expecting another edition so soon on that level. Well, upon checking out the GSB, I discovered that it was essentially a rebranding of the SSB with a new set of internationally-themed articles to replace those found in the previous two editions. While that news might turn off some buyers, it had me thrilled. "Global" certainly had a more pleasing connotation than "Student" on a Bible cover, and the study notes were still as superb as ever!
Even better, the Global Study Bible offers dual incentives on the monetary front, allowing you to save a few pennies and perform a charitable act at the same time (as contradictory as that sounds). This volume is less expensive than either its parent or its sibling, which makes it an even more appealing choice for people on a budget or for those who are looking to stuff some stockings this Christmas. Even better, Crossway has decided to make a digital copy of the GSB available for free to someone in need for every purchase. In other words, you're not just buying a Bible for yourself or a loved one: you're buying one for someone across the world as well! And here you thought that you'd never have an opportunity to do mission work!
The ESV Global Study Bible is easily the best option that Crossway has to offer. With notes sufficient for the average Christian (you know, the one who feels that three pages on the various interpretations of Revelation 20 is a bit much), a wallet-friendly price, and a program to help you spread the Word where it's most desperately needed, the GSB is truly a blessing...and a must-buy.
Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer refused to flinch after Obama administration officials confirmed Friday that they plan to file a lawsuit challenging the state's anti-illegal immigration law.
In a statement issued late Friday, Brewer called Obama's decision "outrageous" but "not surprising."
"Our federal government should be using its legal resources to fight illegal immigration, not the law-abiding citizens of Arizona," they said.
Meanwhile, Arizona Attorney General Terry Goddard said their office plans to withdraw as the state's lawyers in legal challenges to the law, leaving Brewer's attorneys to defend it. Brewer had complained that Goddard's criticism of the measure raised doubts about their ability to defend it.
Brewer said with Goddard out, "I will ensure the immigration laws we passed are vigorously defended all the way to the United States Supreme Court if necessary, where this reasonable law will ultimately be found constitutional."
The law takes effect July 29 and requires officers to question a person's immigration status if there's a reasonable suspicion that they or they are in the country illegally.
At least five legal challenges have been filed to the law since April.
The lawsuits generally allege that Arizona's law will lead to racial profiling and argue that it's the federal government's responsibility to regulate immigration.
On Friday evening, Brewer's defense team asked a federal judge to throw out the suit by the American Civil Liberties Union and other groups that challenge the law's constitutionality.
Obama officials confirmed plans to file their lawsuit after Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said in an interview with a TV station in Ecuador earlier this month that the administration would challenge the law in court, though officials had long said the issue was under review.
Administration officials initially would not confirm Clinton's statement. But an official told Fox News on Friday that while the review is still underway, the decision has already been made that a Department of Justice suit will be filed. The administration at this point is just building its case.
Another official said there are still "substantial" issues to address and work out before the Justice Department knows that it has a strong enough case to file a lawsuit. The official said the department intends to file suit, but that any court action is contingent on the final review.
Clinton's announcement was met with outrage Thursday by Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer, who signed the law. Brewer told Fox News she's ready for a fight.
"What a disappointment," Brewer told Fox News' Greta Van Susteren on Thursday, saying they were shocked the administration would make such an announcement on foreign TV without giving Arizona officials the news first.
"We are not going to back away from this issue," Brewer said. "We are going to pursue it, we're going to be very aggressive," Brewer said. "We'll meet them in court ... And we will win."
They added: "The population of America agrees with Arizona."
Concerns over the Wii U and Nintendo grew with the latest earnings report from the venerable game company. The results were well below expectations and Nintendo's original guidance, and analyst Michael Pachter characterized the recent Wii U sales as “abysmal.” Nintendo's revenue for the quarter was $833 million, well below the estimate of $1.19 billion. Hardware sales were off for the 3DS (only 1.4 million units, below the estimate of 2 million) and the Wii U sold only 160,000 units worldwide over the past three months – 90,000 in Japan, 60,000 in the US and 10,000 in the UK. The Wii U has sold 3.6 million units worldwide since its introduction last year.
In that same time period Microsoft sold well over 400,000 Xbox 360′s in the US, between seven and eight times the number of Wii Us sold. And yet Nintendo still seems to believe the Wii U installed base will be 9 million by March 2014. Something will need to change radically if that is to happen. Yes, Nintendo expects strong Wii U sales over the holidays with new games leading the way — but are Pikmin 3, Wii Fit U and Super Mario 3D World really all that's needed for a great fourth quarter?
Certainly the Wii U can turn its fortunes around – that has happened to other consoles in the past, notably the 3DS just a couple of years ago. Given up for dead, the 3DS rallied when Nintendo sharply cut the price and a flood of powerful games started arriving from Nintendo and from third parties.
Those factors are unlikely to help as much in the case of the Wii U for a couple of reasons. First, Nintendo's CEO Iwata-san has been adamant about not reducing the Wii U price. Sure, that can change, but Iwata will have to eat some crow along with that. Also, will good games be coming out? Nintendo has a couple of hits like Donkey Kong Country: Tropical Freeze announced, but third party support is rather thin on the ground.
Nintendo can't depend on robust third-party support. That ship has sailed, propelled by months of low Wii U sales numbers. Publishers have plenty of other places to invest, notably new consoles from Microsoft and Sony. The PS4 and Xbox One share basic architecture with PCs, making cross-development straightforward. The Wii U is harder to develop for due to its peculiar architecture. Note that 3DS titles can be built for a few hundred thousand dollars in the space of months. Wii U titles will have budgets in the millions, and it will take a dedicated team many months to put out a title.
That leaves Nintendo with its own, first-party software titles. Unfortunately, these have been slow to arrive, and many have been delayed more than once. It's not at all clear that Nintendo could have a steady stream of new releases for the Wii U, given how many delays on titles we've already seen. Indie developers aren't exactly racing to support the platform, either. Still, given enough time Nintendo can probably start shipping Wii U titles more regularly.
Saving the Wii U
In the meantime Nintendo is facing a rough Christmas. Increased marketing efforts, with a broad ad campaign, kiosks in stores, appearances at consumer events and similar standard tools are not going to drive substantial sales against similar, better-funded efforts from Sony and Microsoft. Marketing alone is not going to do much without the right price for the Wii U and some solid, must-have games. Nintendo would be better off putting their money into cutting the Wii U price, rather than ads.
Price is the answer to boosting Wii U sales for the short term. Nintendo has to have a good holiday season to save its forecast, and quite probably save Iwata's job. We know the software lineup; is that enough to sell Wii U's at the current price against the juggernauts of Microsoft and Sony, hitting them high and low? No. The Wii U needs to be $299; $249 would be even better.
Let's be perfectly clear. Hardware is meaningless because any console is merely a paperweight or a doorstop without some games to play on it. It's all about the games. People buy consoles based on the games that are available, and the believable promise of future games. Specs don't matter except as they enable games people want to play. That's why hardware price is so important — it's effectively added to the price of that first game you buy for the system, or at least spread over the first several games you buy.
Exclusives are important, but so are top titles that can be found across platforms. Top brands like Madden andCall of Duty attract people, who buy platforms where they can play those games. Right now there's no reason to believe top-end sports titles will come to the Wii U, which means it misses out on a good segment of the market. Sports fans will get an Xbox One or a PS4, and their Madden fix along with it. What about the top games of E3, like Destiny, Titanfall, Battlefield 4, and Grand Theft Auto V? There's no reason to expect them on a Wii U yet, and that's going to keep some people from buying into Nintendo's latest home console.
Some will point to the potential for innovative new games on Wii U's creative hardware, but Nintendo's second screen idea is now completely co-opted by the massive availability of tablets and smartphones. Look at Ubisoft, implementing second-screen designs on every title for Xbox and PS4. The compelling new hardware feature of the Wii U, the GamePad, is now readily available on other platforms.
In the longer term, a strong holiday season may bring some third-party developers wandering back to develop Wii U titles. Maybe not. Nintendo must resign itself to, and organize its company around the idea of the Wii U never being a big hit like the Wii. Nintendo can still be profitable at a lower level of revenue if it controls its costs carefully. A regular schedule of one or two must-have titles every quarter should create a sustainable, if low-key, market for the Wii U. At the right price, gamers will adopt a Wii U as a second system just to make sure they can play those key titles. That's why there are so many Wiis sitting next to a PS3 or Xbox 350, after all.
The Wii U is not likely to become the leader of a console generation the way the Wii did. At this point, Nintendo needs to create a strategy to be profitable when its leading console is not the industry leader. That's the key to saving the Wii U.
By Steve Peterson via alistdaily
More Tech articles from Business 2 Community:
Johnny Manziel was harassed by a fan at the AT&T Byron Nelson golf tournament Saturday, the Cleveland Browns quarterback's agent told Northeast Ohio Media Group.
According to Manziel's agent, Erik Burkhardt, the former Heisman Trophy winner responded to the fan's harassment by alerting security personnel at the PGA event, which is held in Irving, Texas.
Johnny Manziel alerted security officials at the AT&T Byron Nelson after being harassed by a fan, according to their agent. AP Photo/Bob Leverone
Manziel was photographed speaking to police at the tournament on Saturday, and the photos began circulating Sunday morning on social media.
Burkhardt told Northeast Ohio Media Group that they and Manziel, who has struggled with off-field issues since being drafted by the Browns last season, were attending church on Sunday morning.
The 22-year-old Manziel was released from a rehab treatment facility last month and apologized to the Browns organization and fans, vowing to "regain everyone's trust." They moved out of their downtown Cleveland apartment earlier this month and into a suburban golf community, a source told ESPN.
Manziel also had a run-in with a fan in November 2014 during a late-night altercation in downtown Cleveland. No arrests were made, and the fan ultimately apologized to Manziel in a Facebook post.
The Brazilian talked openly of their desire to compete in the electric single-seater series before they went back on a decision to retire from F1 in order to replace Mercedes signing Valtteri Bottas for 2017.
Massa will now get the chance to sample Formula E machinery for the first time with a test next week at an unknown location in the Jaguar I-type 1.
A statement from the team read: “Panasonic Jaguar Racing received a request from Formula E to give Felipe Massa the chance to experience a Formula E car.
“We are happy to provide this opportunity.”
Mitch Evans and Adam Carroll are Jaguar's 2016/17 Formula E race drivers.
Massa's on-track preparations for the 2017 F1 season will begin at Barcelona next month on February 27, ahead of the opening round in Australia on March 26.
After confirming their Williams return, Massa said they would not be distracted by another programme during their F1 campaign.
“Since announcing my retirement last year, I had been assessing my options and there were a number of opportunities presented to me that I could have pursued,” they said.
“However, I have made my decision and therefore this is now my focus.”
If the 2017 F1 season proves to be Massa's last, they could move into Formula E for the start of the 2017/18 campaign.
It was revealed earlier this month that the series is looking into starting its next season as late as December, with series CEO Alejandro Agag keen to begin after the F1 year ends.
(Twitter)
Planned Parenthood Action Fund posted a comic strip on Twitter Wednesday directed at the pro-abortion group's “male allies” with the message: “Check your privilege.”
“Some male allies are still unlearning sexism. This graphic helps you check your privilege,” the Twitter message said.
The phrase ‘check your privilege' is commonly used by proponents of critical theory (a school of sociology rooted in cultural Marxism) to shut down dissent from those viewed as enjoying "privilege" based on their race or gender.
The comic strip portrays eight stereotypes of male supporters of feminism.
One panel portrays a women's studies professor using their academic position as an opportunity to sleep with their students.
“As a professor of women's studies, I take great pleasure in emancipating and liberating thousands of impressionable young women every year. And every semester, I choose one lucky student to sleep with me,” one of the panels says.
Another panel portrays a “cisgender” man feeling that their homosexuality entitles them to be verbally abusive and misogynist towards women.
“As a cis-gendered gay man, I understand the oppression of women and feel a special kinship with them, which is why I verbally abuse them and say misogynist things to them,” said the comic strip.
Cisgender is a term applicable to someone whose gender identity is the same as their biological sex; i.e. the opposite of transgender.
Another panel portrays a man who takes care of their children and does domestic work as reclaiming their masculinity through “gaslighting” and undermining the women they work with.
“Even though my partner is a proud Feminist, and at home I take care of the kids and do all the domestic work, I feel castrated, so I reclaim my masculinity by gaslighting and undermining the women I work with,” said the comic strip.
Gaslighting is a term that comes from the 1938 play Gas Light that refers to a form of emotional abuse that causes a victim to question their own feelings, instincts, and sanity.
Another panel portrays a man who imposes the entire burden of their emotional labor on the "womxn" in their life.
“As much as I think I am an ally to womxn, I do not focus my work where it can make the most impact: other men. By pushing away relationships with men, I impose the burden of my emotional labor on the womxn in my life,” the comic strip character says.
‘Womxn' (more commonly ‘womyn') is a variant spelling used by some feminists to convey the idea that women are not just a sub-category of men.
Alberta contributed more money to the federal purse than any other province in Canada from 2007 to 2015, and has received fewer dollars in return, according to a study released Thursday.
The study by the Fraser Institute — a conservative, free market policy think tank — found the province contributed $221.4 billion more in revenue than it received in federal transfer payments and other services in those years.
That works out to about $5,000 per Albertan, per year, according to Ben Eisen, director of the Fraser Institute's Alberta Prosperity Initiative.
“It's really impossible to get away from the fact that without a strong Alberta, without Alberta's contribution to Canada and to federal finances, our federal finances would be an absolute mess,” Eisen said.
LISTEN: Fraser Institute report on Alberta's outsized contribution to federal coffers
The report said that of the $158.3 billion paid out in equalization payments from 2008/09 to 2017/18, roughly $28.1 billion came from Alberta.
It said none of that money has flowed back into Alberta. And it said the province continues to “contribute disproportionately” despite its recent economic woes.
Equalization payments are intended to make it so that provinces can provide comparable services at reasonably comparable rates of taxation.
Provinces that have an easier time raising revenues will receive smaller payments.
A spokesperson for the federal minister of finance said in a statement Thursday that “the federal system benefits all Canadians” and that the government is making significant investments in Alberta through infrastructure improvements, and home care and mental health initiatives.
“Our government fully appreciates the gravity of the challenges faced by Alberta and has taken action to provide immediate help to Albertans,” said Chloe Luciani-Girouard, press secretary to the minister.
Luciani-Girouard said in the 2015/16 fiscal year the government provided Alberta with advance fiscal stabilization payments adding up to $251.4 million and extended employment insurance (EI) benefits in the regions that were the hardest hit by unemployment.
READ MORE: Alberta NDP sees positive signs after 2 painful years since oil prices collapsed
The Fraser Institute report also takes aim at the provincial NDP government, blaming them for at least some of Alberta's woes.
It claims tax hikes at the provincial and federal levels have hurt Alberta's business advantage, making it more difficult to attract investment.
“Alberta has much work to do in order to begin helping itself and create the conditions for a strong sustained recovery,” the report reads.
The Fraser Institute report said the provinces have benefited from Alberta's success and should now step in to help their neighbour.
“Over the past decade, Alberta has been a place where Canadians from all parts of the country could go to build a more prosperous life,” said a statement from senior policy analyst Steve Lafleur.
WATCH BELOW: Dispute over equalization payments
In the midst of the oil boom, between 2004 and 2014, the report said Alberta created 32.5 per cent of all private sector jobs in the country, despite “having only 11.7 per cent of the country's population.”
Just two years ago, in 2015, the report said Albertans paid about 63 per cent more in federal tax dollars than other Canadians.
Without revenue from Alberta, the report claims Ottawa would have seen big deficits every year since 2009.
“We've got a pretty big deficit this year… Without Alberta's big contribution, that's about twice as big,” Eisen said.
READ MORE: Trans Mountain opponents can't hold Alberta economy hostage: Rachel Notley By Staff The Canadian Press
The Fraser Institute said provinces should help Alberta by refusing to encourage protests against projects like the Energy East and Trans Mountain pipelines.
Then Ryan returned home in 2007, and they too began to show signs of severe strain. They couldn't sleep, abused drugs and alcohol, and suffered extreme jitters.
“He was so anxious, they couldn't stand to sit next to you and hear you breathe,” DeBow remembers. A talented filmmaker, Ryan turned the lens on themselves to record heartbreaking video of their own sleeplessness, their own irrational behavior — even their own mock suicide.
One reason for veteran suicides (and crimes, which get far more attention) may be post-traumatic stress disorder, along with a related condition, traumatic brain injury. Ryan suffered a concussion in an explosion in Iraq, and Michael finally had traumatic brain injury diagnosed two months ago.
Estimates of post-traumatic stress disorder and traumatic brain injury vary widely, but a ballpark figure is that the problems afflict at least one in five veterans from Afghanistan and Iraq. One study found that by their third or fourth tours in Iraq or Afghanistan, more than one-quarter of soldiers had such mental health problems.
Preliminary figures suggest that being a veteran now roughly doubles one's risk of suicide. For young men ages 17 to 24, being a veteran almost quadruples the risk of suicide, according to a study in The American Journal of Public Health.
Michael and Ryan, like so many other veterans, sought help from the Department of Veterans Affairs. Eric Shinseki, the secretary of veterans affairs, declined to speak to me, but the most common view among those I interviewed was that the V.A. has improved but still doesn't do nearly enough about the suicide problem.
Photo
“It's an epidemic that is not being addressed fully,” said Bob Filner, a Democratic member of congress from San Diego and the senior Democrat on the House Veterans Affairs Committee. “We could be doing so much more.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
To its credit, the V.A. has established a suicide hotline and appointed suicide-prevention coordinators. It is also chipping away at a warrior culture in which mental health concerns are considered sissy. Still, veterans routinely slip through the cracks. Last year, the United States Court of Appeals in San Francisco excoriated the V.A. for “unchecked incompetence” in dealing with veterans' mental health.
Patrick Bellon, head of Veterans for Common Sense, which filed the suit in that case, says the V.A. has genuinely improved but is still struggling. “There are going to be one million new veterans in the next five years,” they said. “They're already having trouble coping with the population they have now, so I don't know what they're going to do.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Last month, the V.A.'s own inspector general reported on a 26-year-old veteran who was found wandering naked through traffic in California. The police tried to get care for him, but a V.A. hospital reportedly said it couldn't accept them until morning. The young man didn't go in, and after a series of other missed opportunities to get treatment, they stepped in front of a train and killed himself.
Likewise, neither Michael nor Ryan received much help from V.A. hospitals. In early 2010, Ryan began to talk more about suicide, and DeBow rushed them to emergency rooms and pleaded with the V.A. for help. They say they were told that an inpatient treatment program had a six-month waiting list. (The V.A. says it has no record of a request for hospitalization for Ryan.)
“Ryan was hurting, saying they were going to end it all, stuff like that,” recalls their best friend, Steve Schaeffer, who served with them in Iraq and says they have likewise struggled with the V.A. to get mental health services. “Getting an appointment is like pulling teeth,” they said. “You get an appointment in six weeks when you need it today.”
While Ryan was waiting for a spot in the addiction program, in May 2010, they died of a drug overdose. It was listed as an accidental death, but family and friends are convinced it was suicide.
The heartbreak of Ryan's death added to their brother's despair, but DeBow says Michael is now making slow progress. “He is able to get out of bed most mornings,” they told me. “That is a huge improvement.” Michael asked not to be interviewed: they want to look forward, not back.
As for DeBow, every day is a struggle. They sent two strong, healthy men to serve their country, and now their family has been hollowed in ways that aren't as tidy, as honored, or as easy to explain as when the battle wounds are physical. I wanted to make sure that their family would be comfortable with the spotlight this article would bring, so I asked them why they were speaking out.
“When Ryan joined the Army, they were willing to sacrifice their lives for their country,” they said. “And they did, just in a different way, without the glory. They would want it this way.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“My home has been a nightmare,” DeBow added through tears, recounting how three of Ryan's friends in the military have killed themselves since their return. “You hear my story, but it's happening everywhere.”
We refurbish tanks after time in combat, but don't much help men and women exorcise the demons of war. Presidents commit troops to distant battlefields, but don't commit enough dollars to veterans' services afterward. We enlist soldiers to protect us, but when they come home we don't protect them.
“Things need to change,” DeBow said, and their voice broke as they added: “These are guys who went through so much. If anybody deserves help, it's them.”
We've already got a long list of upcoming Rockchip RK3288 based Android media players, but no low-cost development boards have been announced to date. We can certainly expect a Radxa Rock 2 board with the Cortex A17 processor, but it might not be the only one, as Firefly-RK3288 development board powered by Rockchip RK3288 is currently being developed by another Chinese team.
Current specifications for Firefly-RK3288 board:
SoC – Rockchip 3288 quad core ARM Cortex A17 up to 1.8 GHz with Mali-T764 GPU supporting OpenGL ES 1.1/2.0 /3.0, and OpenCL 1.1
System Memory – 2G DDR3
Storage – 8GB eMMC flash + micro SD slot
Video I/O HDMI 2.0 up to 3840×[email protected] VGA out (D-SUB connector) VGA in is available via the expansion headers. LCD, MIPI and LVDS
Audio Output / Input – HDMI, optical S/PDIF, microphone header, and built-in MIC
Connectivity – Gigabit Ethernet, dual band 802.11 b/g/n Wi-Fi with external antenna, and Bluetooth 4.0
USB – 2x USB 2.0 host ports, 1x micro USB OTG
Expansion Headers – 2x 38-pin headers with access to SPI, UART, EDP, ADC, GPIO, I2C, VGA=IN, LVDS, MIPI, 3.3V, 5V, and GND signals.
Power Supply – TBC
Dimensions – 118 x 83 mm
The developers told me it would be an open hardware project, but I'm not sure it will be 100% open source hardware, but at least they seem committed to release the hardware schematics, component's placement file, and components' datasheets. Hardware design and debugging have just been completed, and they have not reached the mass production stage just yet, which also means there's no price information either. They will support Android 4.4 and Ubuntu for the board, and the SDKs, tutorial and hardware files will all be available from their website in August.
That website is not online yet (and I don't even know the domain name), but the board can be found on oschina, and the development followed on TeeFirefly's Twitter and Facebook accounts.
The biggest trade deal in history — the Trans-Pacific Partnership — was assumed to be dead when the United States pulled out last January.
But it has been quietly resurrected by the 11 other signatories, including Canada, and officials in a number of partner countries say an agreement-in-principle could be signed by leaders at the Asia-Pacific Economic Co-operation meeting in Vietnam in November.
Senior officials from the 11 countries met in Tokyo Wednesday, the third such round of talks, and officials from Canada, Japan and New Zealand all expressed optimism that a deal could be signed in Vietnam, then sealed and delivered in 2018.
The timing couldn't be better for the Liberal government, which has always been ambiguous about its enthusiasm for the TPP.
“We are working actively to re-evaluate and reconsider options for potentially moving forward, following the end of TPP12 talks,” said Joseph Pickerill, communications director for Trade Minister François-Philippe Champagne.
“We are looking at the implications of whether and how best to proceed to secure a long-term deal with Japan that sets the terms of trade for the Asia-Pacific region.”
That still sounds noncommittal, but behind the scenes the Liberal government is energized — not least because the country's exports need a jump-start.
The headline economic growth numbers have been strong this year but they are unsustainable unless exports and business investment are maintained.
In fact, exports tumbled 4.9 per cent in July, following a near-identical drop in June. Year-to-date, exports are up 9.4 per cent but the last two months have put a significant dent in that number, including a large drop in agri-food shipments to Japan.
This is the big prize for Canada in the TPP11, as it is being called — access to the world's third-largest economy, in advance of American competitors.
Beef is just one example of a Canadian export that would benefit from swift passage of an Asian deal.
Japan has just implemented a 50-per-cent tariff on beef imports. Product arriving from Mexico and Australia pays much lower duties because those countries already have trade deals with Japan.
If Canada ratified the TPP, Canadian producers would likely take market share from U.S. suppliers who would continue to pay the high tariff. Similar conditions would apply for pork, canola and softwood lumber.
If a deal can be reached, Donald Trump will have done Canada a favour by withdrawing — not only because it will offer Canada “first-mover advantage” but also because it will give Champagne a stronger negotiating position in re-writing existing chapters.
Canada is now the second-largest economy in the TPP11 and will push to ditch provisions in the original agreement that were offered as concessions to the U.S.
For example, the Americans insisted on longer intellectual property patent terms and stronger copyright regulations than many countries wanted. Canada will now argue for shorter patent terms, in support of its generic drug sector and in an attempt to keep drug costs down.
Canada is also keen to water down the investor-state dispute settlement negotiated by the U.S. in the original deal, and bolster the state's right to regulate in the public interest.
The Liberals are particularly keen to brand any TPP11 deal as part of its “progressive trade” agenda — most likely by strengthening the environmental chapter.
There remains the prospect that by unpicking parts of the existing agreement, the whole thing might unravel.
But for the Liberal government, there are good practical and political reasons to drive TPP11 to a swift conclusion.
Low interest rates were intended to encourage an upturn in exports and create conditions for more sustainable growth. Despite a better-than-expected start to the year, interest rates are now rising, the Canadian dollar is up and growth is forecast to return to more traditional levels.
For a government drifting toward an election, access to new markets in Asia would be like firing the burner in a hot air balloon.
From a political point of view, this is a government that has fallen into disrepute with just about anyone who believes in free enterprise, thanks to its tax and regulatory reforms.
Against that background, signing a free-trade agreement with Japan, Australia, New Zealand, Chile, Peru, Malaysia, Singapore and others would go a long way to deflating the notion that Justin Trudeau wants to turn the country into one big government department.
• Email: jivison@nationalpost.com | Twitter: IvisonJ
A Family's Long Search For Fragile X Drug Finds Frustration, Hope
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ellen Webber for NPR Ellen Webber for NPR
For a few weeks last year, Michael Tranfaglia and Katie Clapp saw a remarkable change in their son, Andy, who'd been left autistic and intellectually disabled by fragile X syndrome. Andy, who is 25, became more social, more talkative and happier. "He was just doing incredibly well," their father says.
The improvements came while Andy was taking an experimental drug — a drug made possible by the efforts of their parents. And at the time, it appeared this drug might become the first effective treatment for fragile X, a rare genetic syndrome that affects brain development and can lead to intellectual and social disabilities. The reality would turn out to be more complicated.
The story of this drug begins in 1994, when Clapp, a computer scientist, and Tranfaglia, a psychiatrist, helped launch the FRAXA Research Foundation. Their goal was simple: find a way to help Andy and other people with fragile X.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of Katie Clapp Courtesy of Katie Clapp
The couple didn't know much about running a foundation. But they made some smart decisions. One of these was that FRAXA should support a researcher at MIT named Mark Bear, who made a big discovery. They found evidence that fragile X disrupts an important pathway in the brain called mGluR5.
Bear also realized that two big drug companies, Novartis and Roche, were already working on drugs for depression and addiction that might help repair this pathway. So Tranfaglia and Clapp began lobbying those companies to try the experimental drugs on people with fragile X.
Part of the sales pitch was that any drug that could reduce autism symptoms in people with fragile X might help millions of other people with autism. "And after a while, it worked," Tranfaglia says. "We finally got their attention, and they were convinced that a drug trial using some of these compounds was worth doing."
That was a huge step because drug trials typically cost millions of dollars. An even bigger step was getting Andy into one of these drug trials.
At first it wasn't possible because the trials were taking place in cities a long way from the family's home in West Newbury, Mass. But after several years, Novartis began testing its drug near Boston and Andy was included in the trial. "I do believe they were the last patient enrolled," Clapp says.
Andy began taking pills. At the time, no one knew whether they were sugar pills or the drug. But both parents saw a change in their son. They aren't cured, but they were less rigid and more talkative.
For years, Clapp and their son had shared a joke. They would say, "I like that house." Then Andy would say, "Nah, I don't like it." One day during the drug trial, Clapp told Andy about a house they liked. "And this time, they say, 'Yes, I like it too. It has red shutters,' " they say. "He responded to me like any person would."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ellen Webber for NPR Ellen Webber for NPR
The couple would find out later that Andy had been receiving the drug, not a placebo. It looked like their 20-year search for a treatment was over. Then Novartis held a meeting to announce the results of its drug trial.
"We went into that meeting fully expecting great results because our son was just doing incredibly well," Tranfaglia says. "I thought, there's no way this doesn't work. This is amazing. And they presented these results, and the numbers were just unbelievably bad."
The drug may have been helping Andy. But overall, it didn't seem to work. "It was truly devastating," Clapp says. Then the couple learned that a second drug, the one from Roche, also failed in a large fragile X trial.
"The failures in these trials led us to question everything," Tranfaglia says. The couple wondered whether they had just seen what they wanted to see in their son's behavior. They even wondered whether it made sense for FRAXA to continue funding basic research in hopes of finding a drug for fragile X.
In the end, the couple decided their approach was sound and that the drug really had helped their son. As a scientist, Tranfaglia knew that was possible. "Most clinical trials have some people who do really well even when the overall result is not necessarily great," they say.
But the drug Andy took is no longer available, even to researchers. And the future of the drug made by Roche is unclear.
The results were a huge disappointment, Clapp says, but not a failure. "To actually see an Andy I never, ever thought I would ever see, that was a success," they say.
Another success is FRAXA itself. The foundation now involves thousands of parents and hundreds of scientists. It has funded more than $24 million in research on fragile X.
And that research isn't going to stop, Clapp says. "We can't give up, because we have Andy."
Nov 22, 2016; Denver, CO, USA; Chicago Bulls associate head coach Jim Boylan grabs center Robin Lopez (8) as they react to a play in the fourth quarter against the Denver Nuggets at the Pepsi Center. The Nuggets defeated the Bulls 110-107. Mandatory Credit: Isaiah J. Downing-USA TODAY Sports
Robin Lopez is playing great for the Chicago Bulls this season, but their play continues to fly under the radar.
After shocking the league in 2010-11 by winning 62 games and making the Eastern Conference Finals, the Chicago Bulls hung around 45-50 wins the next four seasons before missing the playoffs last season at 42-40.
The bench mob slowly left until only Taj Gibson remained, Derrick Rose underwent multiple knee surgeries, and Joakim Noah‘s plantar fasciitis continued to come back. The Bulls were treading water in the middle of the conference, the worst place to be in the NBA, and desperately needed a culture change.
The Bulls finally admitted to themselves that a core of Rose, Noah and Jimmy Butler couldn't win a title. So, they let Noah sign with the New York Knicks and traded Rose and Justin Holiday to the Knicks for Jerian Grant, Jose Calderon and Robin Lopez.
Lopez instantly became the Bulls' starting center, but was quickly overshadowed by the likes of Rajon Rondo and Dwyane Wade. As they still are flying under the radar, and a second-thought to Butler, Wade, Rondo and now even Gibson, Lopez has quietly been everything the Bulls hoped for when trading for him.
Their scoring and rebounding averages don't jump off the sheet at 9.8 and 7.7 per game, respectively, but their 1.9 blocks per game ranks sixth in the league.
Unlike Noah, who was simply a great defender but didn't block a lot of shots, and Pau Gasol, who blocked two shots per game with the Bulls but didn't move more than two feet on any defensive possession, Lopez can guard on the perimeter and act as a rim protector.
Lopez doesn't have the same reputation as Noah, the 2013-14 Defensive Player of the Year, on the defensive end, but he's blocking shots at a remarkable rate.
Through 18 games, Lopez is averaging 2.4 blocks per 36 minutes and 3.4 per 100 possessions. In comparison, Noah's career-highs with the Bulls came in at 2.1 per 36 minutes and 3.1 per 100 possessions, both in 2013-14.
Defense is obviously more than just blocking shots, and that's where Noah thrived. However, to say that Lopez is only a rim protector would be undervaluing their impact on the defensive end.
They move well on the perimeter, is filling the “energy guy” role in the starting lineup that Noah left and plays very physically in the paint. Taj Gibson has been great for the Bulls this season, but Lopez is clearly the anchor on the defensive end.
Lopez's rim protection and versatile defense exemplifies their willingness to do the dirty work. They don't block shots into the 10th row or put players on posters, but they do all the little things that go unnoticed.
Lopez sets hard screens, puts an emphasis on rebounding and doesn't demand shots to be effective.
While their 7.7 rebounds per game only ranks 34th in the NBA, Lopez averages almost as many offensive rebounds as they do defensive rebounds. Only Hassan Whiteside and Dwight Howard average more than their 3.8 offensive rebounds per game.
Even though Lopez's seven-foot frame and hustle is helpful in grabbing offensive rebounds, a big reason is because he's always in the paint on offense. Aside from setting screens at the top of the key, Lopez hangs on the blocks and waits to post-up their defender for their now-becoming famous hook shot.
In a league where almost all big men are becoming stretch-4s/5s, Lopez still attempts 66.5 percent of their shots from inside 10 feet and only has one three-point attempt this season. It's not to take away from their innate ability to work the offensive glass, but their style of play also allows them to have more offensive rebound opportunities.
In turn, it's helped the Bulls lead the league with 13.9 offensive rebounds per game and 16.6 second chance points per contest. In fact, Lopez is second on the Bulls behind Jimmy Butler and 14th in the league with 3.2 second chance points per game this season.
Lopez simply knows what to do when they grab an offensive rebound. They don't hesitate or try to make a play that isn't there. It's how Lopez gets a lot of their shot attempts, too.
Even with five other players averaging at least nine points per game, the Bulls have made a more conscious effort to get Lopez involved in the offense recently. After not recording double-digit shot attempts in any of the first eight games, Lopez took at least 10 shots in nine of the past 10 games.
Part of it goes back to the offensive rebounding, although the Bulls are having them post-up more. As previously mentioned, Lopez likes to back their defender down and use their signature hook shot. It's not the prettiest looking shot in the world, but it works more often than not.
That being said, Lopez is still shooting just 44.7 percent from the field this season and a career-low 51.6 percent from inside of three feet. However, Lopez's 44.4 shooting percentage from 10-16 feet out is well-above their 36.2 percent career-average.
The Bulls would love Lopez to improve their efficiency from the floor and shoot their career 52.9 field goal percentage and 65.6 shooting percentage from inside of three feet. Although, the way Lopez is shooting now isn't any worse than Noah shot in recent seasons with the Bulls — 44.5 field goal percentage and 51.5 shooting percentage inside three feet in 2014-15.
It's a place the Bulls would like to see improvement in, but it's also not an area to panic about.
Arguably their biggest asset, though, is their health. He's played in all 18 games for the Bulls this season and isn't battling any lingering issues. The Bulls have been hit with the injury bug every year since the start of the Tom Thibodeau era, and having a big man who is not constantly on the injury report is a different and needed change.
In fact, Lopez has played in all 82 games, while averaging at least 26 minutes per game, in three of the past four seasons. The Bulls needed a culture change, and they also needed stability from key players.
Robin Lopez isn't putting up All-Star numbers, their play isn't sexy and they won't replace the love Chicago had for Joakim Noah. That being said, it's time for the league to take notice of their stellar play.
Dear Mike Tomlin, James Harrison, Ben Roethlisberger and any other Steeler who feels a need to criticize Bronze Star recipient Alejandro Villanueva for honoring the flag that their brothers came home under, you can all go to hell.
On Sunday your team had 3 options, stand and support America, sit/kneel and disrespect America or 3 take the coward's way out and abstain, vote present, hide in the tunnel because you were too afraid to be seen as pro-American or Anti-American. What a vile low candy-ass choice you made.
“I was looking for 100 percent participation, we were gonna be respectful of our football team.” Tomlin told reporters.
Your team does not come before America.
Why should anyone be forced to act in a way that is against their moral code ? The poor boys millionaire club could not all agree on whether or not to disrespect America so you hid. We Americans understand. Trust me.
Let the kneelers kneel, the sitters sit, the patriots stand, own your beliefs. Own your side. Everyone with a working knowledge of the contract law knows that the players disrespecting America could have been fined in accordance with their contract.
Remember Mahmoud Abdul-Rauf? They were fined $30,000 after disrespecting the flag and choosing to sit on their butt during the anthem. Once they were fined they worked out a compromise and stood, they recited Islamic prayers under their breath but they did not disgrace their team by directing the American flag, the anthem, America herself.
The administrative branch of the NFL is tax exempt. I hope that exemption is revoked. The entire league is subsidized with billions of tax payers dollars, for what, so you can spit in the faces of the people who support you. No more.
You have backed the wrong horse. Sometimes not choosing a side is choosing through omission.
You've taken something that unites Americans of every color, creed and religion and managed to divide them through your cowardliness and fear of offending the “wrong ” people. Fine them or fire them this is behavior that is covered in their contracts “conduct detrimental to the integrity of and public confidence in the National Football League.”
Honoring 9/11 is detrimental, wearing pink in your hair to honor breast cancer survivors and casualties is detrimental, twerking is detrimental but dishonoring the American flag is not detrimental to the integrity of the NFL. Hypocrites. You lousy lowlife mamby-pamby money grubbing cowardly political correct assholes can all go to hell.
Your decision to hide in the tunnel is disgusting and cowardly. Your decision to criticize Alejandro Villanueva a war veteran, a man who fought for your freedom, a man who saved lives, a man who was willing to lay their life down for you, a bronze heart recipient is beyond words.
Mike Tomlin, James Harrison, Ben Roethlisberger and any Steeler who has the audacity to criticize or question Alejandro Villanueva standing for the National Anthem, choosing country over their team, you are what is wrong with America. As a team you boys get a ball from one of a field to another side of the field and celebrate. As a man Villanueva rescued wounded soldiers while under enemy fire and you cowardly clowns are hiding in a tunnel because you could't decide whether or not to stand or sit for the American flag have the misguided intrepidity to criticize Villanueva's dedication to America?
I hope my fellow Americans pray with me for a holy curse on your team, that you not win a single game for the rest of the season. I hope that you lose your tax exempt status, I hope you rethink your disgusting words and actions.
May the souls of the faithfully departed brothers and sisters who came home under the American flag haunt your every moment.
**Sorry folks if you get caught up in spam** I am new to this and trying to figure things out. I greatly appreciate all the passion we all feel about our America!
Advertisements
Japan on Tuesday ended a two-year nuclear shutdown in the energy-hungry country, sparked by public fears following the 2011 Fukushima crisis, the worst atomic disaster in a generation.
Utility Kyushu Electric Power turned on a reactor at Sendai, about 1,000 kilometres (620 miles) southwest of Tokyo, at 10:30 am (0130 GMT).
The 31-year-old reactor -- operating under tougher post-Fukushima safety rules -- was expected to reach full capacity around 11:00 pm Tuesday and would start generating power by Friday.
Commercial operations are to begin early next month, a company spokesperson said.
The restart comes more than four years after a quake-sparked tsunami triggered meltdowns at the Fukushima plant, prompting the shutdown of Japan's stable of reactors and setting off a pitched battle over the future use of atomic power.
The accident sent radiation over a wide area and forced tens of thousands of people from their homes -- many of whom will likely never return.
Decommissioning of the crippled Fukushima reactors is expected to take decades with compensation expenses -- excluding the cost of the site's clean up -- now topping $57 billion.
Anti-nuclear sentiment still runs high in Japan and television showed protesters scuffling with police in front of the Sendai plant, which is on the southernmost main island of Kyushu.
Local media said about 200 protesters gathered at the site, including former prime minister Naoto Kan who has become a high-profile anti-nuclear activist.
The resource-poor nation, which once relied on nuclear power for a quarter of its electricity, restarted two reactors temporarily to feed its needs after Fukushima. But they both went offline by September 2013, making Japan completely nuclear-free for about two years.
The country has ushered in stricter safety regulations to avoid a repeat of the accident, including more backup prevention measures and higher tsunami-blocking walls in some areas.
"It is important to restart reactors one by one from the perspective of energy security, the economy and measures against global warming, but safety always comes first," Industry Minister Yoichi Miyazawa told reporters.
If another atomic accident happened, they added, the government would "deal with it responsibly".
Beefed-up safety measures are key to Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's bid to get some of about four dozen reactors back up and running, as Tokyo's energy policy sets its sights on nuclear accounting for as much as 22 percent of Japan's energy needs by 2030.
Power companies that own them are also keen for more restarts, fed up with having to make up lost generating capacity with pricey fossil fuels.
Japan's post-Fukushima energy bill skyrocketed as it scrambled to fill the gap left by taking reactors offline, pushing the country into successive trade deficits.
Those expenses were exacerbated by a sharp weakening of the yen, which pushed up costs for energy imports paid for in other currencies, particularly the US dollar.
Several other reactors have received a safety green light from officials, but battle lines have been drawn with many local communities strongly opposed to restarts.
Takashi Kato, professor emeritus at Tokyo's Seikei University, was critical of Tuesday's restart, saying Abe's close business ties were trumping safety concerns.
"Abe is not listening to the voice of the people -- they are acting as if they have been given a blank cheque," Kato said.
"It is big business demanding a stable supply of power by resuming nuclear reactors, not the general public."
Safety officials have stressed that any switched-on reactor would operate under much tighter regulations than those that existed before Fukushima, the worst atomic disaster since Chernobyl in 1986.
"A disaster like that at Tokyo Electric Power's Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant will not occur," under the new rules, Nuclear Regulation Authority (NRA) chairperson Shunichi Tanaka said in an interview with the Nikkei newspaper published at the weekend.
But Tanaka conceded there was "no such thing as absolute safety", and Japan's people are sceptical as the country remains deeply scarred by the legacy of Fukushima.
Short link:
Consider this my semi-annual update on the topic that non-runners stubbornly refuse to believe: The fact that running does not destroy your knees.
A new paper in Arthritis Care & Research, published by a multicenter team led by Grace Lo of Baylor College of Medicine, presents data from a long-running study called the Osteoarthritis Initiative. The findings (an earlier version of which I wrote about in 2015 when they were presented at a conference) offer some interesting new insights about the (lack of) links between running and knee osteoarthritis.
There have been plenty of previous studies that have followed groups of runners for many decades, and concluded that they were less likely to develop osteoarthritis than matched groups of non-runners (as I wrote about, for example, here). But there's a potential flaw in these studies: Looking at people who've chosen to run (e.g., members of running clubs, who have featured in some of these studies) may result in an artificially healthy group of runners, because those whose knees can't handle the pounding soon give up running and don't join running clubs.
That's why the new study is useful. It draws from people in the community who have no particular affiliation with running, with the goal of following them over many years, assessing them to see who develops osteoarthritis and who doesn't, and then trying to figure out which factors play a role. The current analysis looks at 2,637 people who had medical assessments including knee X-rays, and who completed a detailed questionnaire about their exercise habits throughout their lifetime.
Of the total population, just under 30 percent reported running on a regular basis at some point in their lives. The key result is that those who reported running were less likely to report frequent knee pain, have X-ray evidence of osteoarthritis in their knees, or have symptoms of osteoarthritis compared to non-runners.
Crucially, it wasn't just current runners who were protected; even people who reported running at some point in the past had less knee pain. That's the opposite of what you would expect if the people who quit running did so because it was messing up their knees.
Here's what the data looked like for frequent knee pain, which was defined as having had pain, aching, or stiffness in or around a knee for more than half the days in one month during the past 12 months. (The numbers are relative to the control group of non-runners, so "100 percent" means "just as likely as non-runners to report knee pain," and lower numbers mean the runners are less likely to report knee pain.)
Alex Hutchinson
Former runners were 18 percent less likely to report knee pain, while current runners were 24 percent less likely; these data were adjusted to account for differences in age, body mass index (BMI), and other factors. Without those adjustments, current runners were actually 29 percent less likely to report pain. That's because runners tend to be lighter than non-runners, so “equalizing” BMI underestimates the benefits of running.
The results were similar for X-ray evidence of knee degeneration, and for the presence of symptomatic osteoarthritis: Having run at some point was better than nothing; current running was best of all.
Because this is an observational study with data taken at a single point in time, the authors are very careful to avoid drawing any conclusions about whether running might, in fact, help to reduce the risk of osteoarthritis. I'll go ahead and say that there are some good reasons to think it might, primarily because it helps keep BMI low, but also potentially due to other mechanisms such as the anti-inflammatory effects of exercise (as I wrote about here last fall).
One detail that's perhaps worth highlighting: It's not that running made people immune from knee pain; overall, 33.0 percent of the runners reported frequent knee pain. (The average age in the study was 64.3 years old, so the prevalence of knee pain is obviously higher than it would be in, say, a bunch of college students.)
But the non-runners were even more likely to report frequent knee pain: 41.1 percent of them, overall.
That, I think, is what helps the “running ruins your knees” myth to persist: Everyone of a certain age knows someone who used to run but had to stop because their knees gave out. That sucks, but it doesn't mean running was the cause. Look around at your non-running friends of a similar vintage, and—this and other studies suggest—you'll find even more people with aching knees. It's all relative, which isn't perfect but is better than nothing.
***
Discuss this post on the Sweat Science Facebook page or on Twitter, get the latest posts via email digest, and check out the Sweat Science book!
New mums will be able to claim maternity leave from their employers as well as the government scheme if Labor is elected on July 2.
A year ago on Mother's Day former Liberal treasurer Joe Hockey said claiming both schemes was `double-dipping' and the government put forward legislation to limit maternity leave to just one source of income - but that has yet to become law.
But last week's budget confirmed the government's commitment to a crackdown on paid parental leave `double-dipping'.
Opposition Leader Bill Shorten told the Seven Network, just hours before Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull is expected to visit the governor-general seeking a July 2 double-dissolution election, that Labor will make sure that working mums aren't penalised.
Labor says under its policy families with new babies will be as much as $11,800 better off than they would be under the Liberals.
A preliminary estimate by the independent Parliamentary Budget Office says it will cost $1.4 billion over the four-year budget estimates.
"Labor will put people first. We will protect paid parental leave for young families," Labor said in statement.
Let's do an experiment in "reverse crowdfunding”. I will pay 50 USD to anyone who can suggest a new way of X-risk prevention that is not already mentioned in this roadmap. Post your ideas as a comment to this post.
Should more than one person have the same idea, the award will be made to the person who posted it first.
The idea must be endorsed by me and included in the roadmap in order to qualify, and it must be new, rational and consistent with modern scientific data.
I may include you as a co-author in the roadmap (if you agree).
The roadmap is distributed under an open license GNU.
Payment will be made by PayPal. The total amount of the prize fund is 500 USD (total 10 prizes).
The competition is open until the end of 2015.
The roadmap can be downloaded as a pdf from:
UPDATE: I uploaded new version of the map with changes marked in blue.
http://immortality-roadmap.com/globriskeng.pdf
Email: alexei.turchin@gmail.com
The left-wing Washington Post reports that NPR “leaders were aware of at least four complaints against” Michael Oreskes, NPR's top editor, prior to their resignation last week after two allegations went public. With charges of a cover-up floating about, NPR chief Jarl Mohn has taken a four-week leave for what they say are medical reasons.
The brewing NPR scandal comes down to the left-wing news outlet's decision to keep Oreskes on, even though top management knew of four harassment allegations against him, according to the Post.
To make matters worse, the Post reports that in just the last ten days, five more NPR staffers claim to have been harassed by Oreskes.
Going forward, the problems for Mohn and the taxpayer-subsidized NPR are quite obvious.
By not acting appropriately and/or effectively enough to end Oreskes's alleged behavior — meaning serious disciplinary action or termination — the alleged victims piled up. The possible liability issues ramifications here are the stuff of trial lawyers' dreams…and taxpayer nightmares, for we subsidize this apparent den of executive harassers and enablers.
The details of the seven(!) NPR allegations are not yet known. We do, however, know something about Oreskes's alleged M.O. via reporting last week from the Post. This includes unwanted kisses, proposals for a “room service lunch, a creepy personal ad, and using the promise of employment to keep the women on the hook.
For the overall national, establishment media, this is also bad news. In just a month, no fewer than eight members of the elite media have been hit with allegations that range from harassment to misconduct to assault. In many of those cases, we have been told that “everyone knew,” but no one did anything.
On top of NPR and the New York Times, other news outlets embroiled in this growing scandal include NBC News, MSNBC, ABC News, Rolling Stone, the New Republic, and Mother Jones. The prominent names include Matt Taibbi, Mark Halperin, David Corn, and Leon Wieseltier.
While this very same establishment media excoriate Fox News over that network's alleged harassment problems, they were all covering up much, much worse behavior allegedly committed by their very own over the course of decades.
Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC. Follow their Facebook Page here.
Teachable Moment: The Unhinged Establishment Reaction to Trump's Answer on Accepting the Election Results
RUSH: I just checked the email. “Rush, how do you know Trump didn't mean it?” Come on. How do I know Trump didn't mean it? There's not a moment in time, a shred in my body, there's not a molecule, there's not an atom in my body that ever, ever thought when Donald Trump said what they said meant that they were going to refuse to accept the outcome of the election.
It's not what they said. That's what they want people to think they said, but they must be afraid of something. The next day, this is my point about them, no sense of humor. Trump goes out and how do they react to the controversy? There are a number of ways you can react to this. After the debate when everybody in the media, I mean, everybody! Even people you think are friendly are just practically having cows over this. You can go back to your hotel or get on your airplane and fly away, start wringing your hands, “Oh, my God, oh, geez,” and you maybe think you call a press conference, “Hey, you guys misunderstood. I didn't say that. I didn't mean that.” You can do that.
You could sleep on it and then do a press conference the next morning. What did Trump do? They waited 'til their next rally and they went out and confirmed what they said. “I want to pledge to you, lest there be any they don't understand what I'm talking about, I pledge, I promise, I will accept the results of the election on November 8th — pause — if I win.” The crowd gets it, laughs uproariously. That was Trump tweaking 'em. That was Trump sticking it in a little further. He's toying with them.
They don't get it. The lack of sense of humor, being wound so tight to not understand satire, parody, or to not understand somebody's personality. We all have different personalities. I understand Trump from the day they came down that escalator. And it's not because I've played golf with them a couple of times. I know the way they think and I way they say things to people, talks to people, the way they make points, the way they try to tell people what they think, the way they try to be persuasive. It isn't hard.
But it's, as I say, a teachable moment for me because they don't understand. For example — talk about myself for a minute — when I do this program, there's a whole heck of a lot of it here where I'm just trying to be funny, outrageously funny, a little over the line funny, push the envelope, that's where they lose it. We're not allowed to push the envelope anymore, not allowed to cross the line of propriety that they define. There isn't anything funny. There isn't anything funny about whatever it is I'm talking about.
So they take things that are intended as humorous comments or a joke and they attach serious political meaning to it and then proceed to get profoundly, deeply outraged and say it's unacceptable, this is intolerable, this will not stand. And they're doing the same thing to Trump, or trying to. But their supporters all get it. “But, Mr. Limbaugh, it's not their supporters that are the problem. Trump must engage in outreach and try to explain to the people who don't get what he's trying to say.” Well, I understand all that, I understand that thinking. But that isn't my point.
My point is that all of this near unanimous, belief in something that genuinely is — you talk about unhinged, to believe Trump said what you think they said when they didn't say it. Didn't even say it. To go out then and believe they said it or try to convince other people they said it, convince yourself what they really meant, it's unhinged. If these people had been around in the 1700s we'd have never had a revolution. They would have never tolerated the Founding Fathers' objections to King George.
They would have wanted to put in jail people like James Madison and Patrick Henry because they dared speak out against the establishment. We'd have never had the revolution if the people in the Democrat Party today had been ruling the roost in the media back then.
BREAK TRANSCRIPT
RUSH: Let me ask you a question, folks. How many people in the establishment have said Donald Trump is unacceptable? Obama said it, Hillary has said it, every Democrat, Tim Kaine, Biden, they've all said he's unacceptable. Even some Republicans have said he's unacceptable. Donald Trump is unacceptable. They're the ones trying to tell us that Trump poses this great threat that they might not accept the results of the election, but who is it that's actually telling us who and who isn't unacceptable? And that's Trump, and they're telling us about him.
JOHNNY DONOVAN: And now, from sunny south Florida, it's Open Line Friday!
RUSH: Yeah! Donald Trump's unacceptable! We're not gonna put up with Donald Trump! Nobody should. Why's Trump unacceptable? That means over half the country's unacceptable as far as these people are concerned. It's a classic example. We can't have Trump look what Trump, Trump say they won't accept the result of the election. Which is not what they said. Well, they're saying they won't accept him!
It's Open Line Friday. 800-282-2882 if you want to be on the program. The email address, ElRushbo@eibnet.com. I'm sorry. Eibnet.us. Sorry. I keep screwing — I need to write this down. ‘Cause I have gotta have 25 years of syllabic memory here. ElRushbo@eibnet.us.
I thought of something. I made a comment in the last hour that I'm just like you, I know what it's like to feel ostracized. I know what it's like. They work it on all of us, folks. Snerdley said, “What do you mean, what you mean? How?” I'll give you the greatest — not the greatest, but I'll give you a good example of it.
It wasn't that long ago, maybe, I don't even remember, five, eight years ago that I was approached to join a group of people that wanted to buy the St. Louis Rams. I was gonna be a minority investor in the project. And somehow that information leaked out. Now, I had been approached by people who knew me, and there had been no more public fan of the NFL for 24 years than me, from the environmentalist wacko picks to violating my no guest rule by having football people on on Fridays, especially Super Bowl week, there was no question.
I was such an NFL fan that I had people calling here saying, “Stick to the issues. We don't want to hear about this.” But then somebody leaked to the media that I was in this group that was going to try to buy the Rams. You know what happened next? A bunch of reporters started writing stories quoting me, things I'd never said about wishing for the return of slavery and other abominable things. Things I had never said that were just totally made up that turned out having emanated from Media Matters.
These reporters were heralded as doing great work. A reporter for the New York Daily News went to a couple of NFL locker rooms armed with these quotes seeking out black players. “Do you want somebody like this owning a team in the NFL?” We can't have somebody who wants to return to slavery in this league, no way. And it mushroomed and it blew up. I'm sure those of you who were listening around then remember it.
The thing is, everything about it was manufactured and made up. And the reporters that engaged in this were heralded as doing Pulitzer type work. So I am entirely familiar with how the left operates. By the way, what harm could there have ever been with somebody like me owning a smidgen of an NFL team? But even that was unacceptable. And the reason it was unacceptable is because the NFL's mainstream and they were not gonna let that happen, not me being perceived as mainstream or human or any of this simply because I was effective as a conservative.
And the same thing's being done to Trump. The exact same hysteria. Something they didn't say is being reported as something they did say, and, furthermore, something that they really means, to the point they're trying to convince people that Trump might go so far as to mount a coup if they lose. It's hysteria beyond any boundaries of reality. So I ask myself, “Why? What's behind this hysteria?”
If it's so outrageous what Trump said, laugh it off and make fun of the guy and just ridicule them and so forth. Why this hand-wringing outrage? I'm not even sure it's mock outrage. I think these people are genuinely blown away. I think they really do think what they think. Some of them do. And to them it is maybe the most offensive thing that Trump has ever said. It's more offensive than whatever they think they did with these women. It's more offensive than what they did when they claim they mocked a disabled reporter.
To say he's gonna wait for the outcome of the election to decide how they want to approach it. Why, this may constitute the single greatest assault on freedom as we have known it, if you listen to these people. And there's no exception. Every one of 'em, hundreds, thousands of reporters and media people and professional political people around the country all act and think the same way. And it just doesn't make sense, unless there's something going on that we don't know. ‘Cause this is not rational behavior. It's not a rational reaction.
And it's further emphasized by Trump going out the next day and jamming 'em by saying, “Okay. I'll accept the results, if I win.” That's designed to make 'em explode after they've been simmering all night long. He's toying with 'em. He's tweaking 'em. I know it well. I do it all the time. I sometimes even tell you in advance when gonna tweak the media here. I can do it any time I want. They fall for it. Even when they know I'm gonna do it, I can make 'em freak out and go get the vapors.
And I think it has to do with they must really think they've got a tentative hold on whatever it is they think of themselves as being members of the establishment, the youthful, young, small club of elites. I mean, whatever it is, they must think their hold on it is tentative because, man, it seems like they really think it could be taken away from them like that.
So what are they really afraid of? Afraid of a rigged election. They're out there saying, “Trump is impugning hundreds of years of American tradition. Donald Trump is such a reprobate. Donald Trump is such scum. Donald Trump is such human debris. He's challenging the integrity of one of the greatest traditions of America. How dare he.”
Yet the Democrats constantly engage in the very behavior they accuse Trump of engaging in. They're out alleging that this was fraudulent, that was cheated from them, that was taken away from them as though they are somehow the paragons of virtue in all this. It's laughable. I mean, these are the people that stand in the way of every idea to take fraud out of elections.
They oppose every idea, every great idea to remove fraud from elections, they oppose it. Photo IDs, purging the voter rolls of people who've passed away. It's the Democrats who stand in the way, “No, no, no, no, no, no, you can't take dead people off the rolls.” Why not? It's just clutter, they can't vote. Well, you can't do it. Wonder why.
Photo ID. It's racist. It's racist to demand a photo ID. How in the hell is that racist? “Well, black people know the history of this country and you make them go down to city hall, you make them go down to a big, giant government building and tell 'em they have to pose for a picture, damn right they think they're gonna be sent back to the next plantation.” Are you kidding me? This is what they say. You can't do photo ID because bring about horrible memories of generations ago in plantation south. And we can't do that. It's too traumatic. We can't have African-Americans being asked to go to a federal building to pose for a picture.
Well, how many times have they had to do it? They go to federal buildings for a whole bunch of other reasons. They go to state government buildings, some of them to work, some of them for other reasons. What do you mean, you can't go there to get a picture? It's too horrible, too traumatic.
BREAK TRANSCRIPT
Now, Democrats are worried about cheating, right? The Democrats are worried about the election being rigged. Why? ‘Cause Trump claims that it's gonna be rigged. Trump's out there saying that if they lose, it's rigged. This is funny in itself. You know what they're thinking? Trump knows he's gonna lose, and so Trump in their own mind can't lose. Trump is so sick, Trump has such an out-of-control ego, that Trump is so out of touch with reality, they can't possibly lose, so that if they do, it's going to be rigged. And, see, Trump knows he's gonna lose and so he's out there giving everybody on their side, all of their supporters, he's telling them right now it's rigged, because in their mind they can't legitimately lose an election.
So they're trying to construct this picture where Trump knows he's gonna lose, but he's such a sick, narcissistic ego maniac that they can't handle losing, like Algore can, for example. Ahem. They can't handle losing, so he's already blaming the system. That's what he's doing and in the process they are also tarnishing and besmirching and ripping to shred our precious election system where there is never any cheating and there's never any fraud and this guy is coming along and poisoning everything we hold dear.
I'm telling you the reaction to this is akin to a bunch of people that are on the verge of getting caught.
BREAK TRANSCRIPT
RUSH: Let me run something by you, folks, because for the second day in a row I say this. This hysterical reaction to Trump's essentially common sense and harmless answer, when you get right down to it, did you hear Trump say that they were going to definitely refuse to accept the outcome? No. Had they done that, the story the next day would have been “Trump concedes election at final debate.”
Okay, so why the hysteria? They know they didn't say what they want you to think they said. Why they hysteria? There has to be a reason for this hysteria, folks. This is not normal. This massive identical reaction from hundreds of people is hysterical. Why? Could it be — just posing a possibility — could it be that what they actually heard Trump say was this: “You know you're cheating, and I know you're cheating, and I'm not gonna act like your average Republican loser and let you get away with it.” Could that have been what they heard?
When Trump said “Stand by. Let's wait and see,” could they have heard Trump actually saying, “Look, you guys, I know you're cheating and you know you're cheating,” or “I know you've cheated and you know you've cheated, and I'm not your average Republican loser that isn't gonna challenge you on it”? Maybe they heard something like that. Something has to explain this fear, this hysteria.
According to Variety, Fox has finally gotten around to nailing down a new director for Deadpool 2, the sequel to the surprise hit that‘s already in production. That would be David Leitch, the John Wick co-director who was the rumored frontrunner for the job back in October. Leitch and Fox recently sealed the deal for the film, which will see them reunited with Ryan Reynolds—Leitch served as action director on X-Men Origins: Wolverine which introduced the actor as Wade Wilson/Deadpool. Fox is reportedly plotting a third installment in the franchise, so it was as good a time as any to get this particular duck in the row.
Tim Miller, who helmed the first film, walked away from the sequel in late October, citing “creative differences” with Reynolds. A report from The Wrap that was published not long after suggests the two had very different visions for the new movie, with the director supposedly wanting to create a movie that could compete in the superhero-movie melee instead of just snarking and sniping from the sidelines. But Reynolds and screenwriters Rhett Reese and Paul Wernick—who are staying with the franchise—wanted to stick to Deadpool's “scrappy” roots.
Royce Gracie pinned recent struggles for the new generation of Gracie fighters on trying to compliment their jiu-jitsu game with other skillsets. Royce claimed that "jiu jitsu is enough," and that Roger Gracie should only work Gracie jiu-jitsu. Their failings to do so led directly to theirs losing to Tim Kennedy in Royce's mind.
Roger recently responded to the Royce's criticisms, as reported by MMA Fighting:
"If you see my last fight," Roger Gracie told MMAFighting.com, "I only threw two punches in the whole fight." The jiu-jitsu specialist landed 12 significant strikes against Kennedy, seven of them in the first round. They went for four takedowns during the bout, but was only able to take the fight to the mat in the opening round. "If there's something that I did do in that fight was jiu-jitsu, but I got tired and couldn't do what I was planning to do," they said. "But that's their opinion, right?"
Royce needs to come to grips with the fact that what worked for him, worked in an era with almost no complete fighters. Roger is swimming in waters where every top fighter works their striking and their wrestling and their jiu-jitsu. And, perhaps just as important, there are top camps and trainers who understand how to exploit weaknesses and how to train fighters to defend against a one dimensional attack.
Even the fighters who have success while only attacking in a limited variety of ways are training to defend against the attacks of others and counter them.
It's simply not the same game for Roger that it was for Royce.
In 1191, Richard the Lionheart celebrated their conquest of Cyprus by wedding a Spanish princess at Limassol Castle, ordering barrels of wines from the nearby village of Kolossi for the nuptials. The crusading King of England toasted the lavish ceremony with a swig of the sweet nectar and, legend has it, declared the drink “the wine of kings and king of wines.”
Commandaria, as the wine was called, still exists today, making it the world's oldest manufactured wine. The dessert wine derives its name from “La Grande Commanderie,” the military headquarters of the Knights Templar and Knights Hospitallers, two famed knightly orders that occupied Cyprus for hundreds of years during the Crusades from their base at Kolossi Castle, built in 1210.
It could be expected that a castle home to such romantic stories of chivalric knights and wine fit for kings would exhibit an equally fantastical appearance. But in fact the image of fairytale European castles arose around the 1500s; Kolossi Castle predates these iconic structures by at least two centuries. Castles were originally built for military strategy, but after gunpowder came into prominence wealthy aristocrats built them as symbols of prestige and fantasy, crafting a starry-eyed view of the life of kings and queens from centuries past. In contrast, Kolossi Castle comes from a time of practical defense. It wasn't built for style; it was built for war.
The stronghold's tower allowed for an unobstructed view of the countryside and its symmetrical structure provided broader sight-lines for detecting enemy armies. The knightly orders that built it were steadfast in their martial duties, prioritizing military strategy, not architectural beauty. This focus on security and defense was necessary in Cyprus to deter attempted enemy conquests, which it was burdened by for more than a millennium. Its strategic location in the Mediterranean meant that almost every empire sought to control it: the ancient Greeks, the Romans, the Byzantines, the Ottomans. Visiting Kolossi Castle today is about more than gazing at architectural beauty; it's about standing in the footsteps of centuries of history.
"When our members uncovered how Verizon is padding its incredible profit margins by replacing good paying American jobs with poverty-wage jobs abroad, Verizon sent armed guards and a SWAT team after them."
—CWA President Chris Shelton
The union representatives, including CWA staff, a representative of UNI (global labor federation) and representatives of KMU (a Filipino union), traveled to the Philippines for four days this week to investigate a report from local Verizon employees who sent word that the corporation was lying to its American workers about the size of its offshore operations in the country.
"Verizon is offshoring work far beyond what has previously been reported and what the company publicly has claimed. Verizon is offshoring customer service calls to numerous call centers in the Philippines, where workers are paid just $1.78 an hour and forced to work overtime without compensation," wrote the CWA in a statement.
When Verizon got wind of CWA's discovery on Wednesday, according to the union, rather than meet with union representatives the company sent a SWAT team and armed guards after them.
"Terrified that the public might find out about what has happened to the good middle-class jobs the company has shipped overseas, Verizon sent private armed security forces after peaceful CWA representatives and called in a SWAT team armed with automatic weapons," the CWA said.
Verizon dismissed CWA's investigation in the Philippines wholesale, describing the representative's fact-gathering trip as a "fancy vacation" in a statement to Fortune.
"Verizon has doubled down on its deception, claiming workers were on a 'vacation,'" CWA president Chris Shelton responded to the jibe. "Let's be clear: being on strike, exposing Verizon's lies about off-shoring and being harassed by Verizon armed security guards is no vacation. Striking men and women from Massachusetts to Virginia are standing up for their families, their customers and to save middle class jobs for all Americans."
Verizon officials at the company's headquarters in the Philippines refused to meet with the CWA when representatives attempted to confront them on Wednesday, the union said. After the representatives left Verizon headquarters, they were pulled over by armed security guards and then surrounded and threatened by a SWAT team armed with semi-automatic weapons.
"Presumably, it is difficult to justify paying workers $1.78 an hour when the company's CEO made $18 million last year," wrote the CWA, "and the company has piled up $1.5 billion a month in profits for the past 15 months."
New Delhi: Pakistan's intelligence agency ISI with the help of underworld don Dawood Ibrahim is planning to incite communal riots in India, report claimed on Sunday.
According to a report, both ISI and Dawood may provoke communal riots here by killing some prominent Hindu leaders.
The report further states that Sri Ram Sena founder Pramod Muthalik is on radar of the anti-national forces.
Earlier, the investigation in the murder of two BJP leaders in Gujarat's Bharuch area had revealed the involvement of fugitive underworld don Chhota Shakeel.
It was also revealed that one of the accused was introduced to Shakeel by the mastermind of murder Javed Chikna.
The two BJP leaders — former party president of Bharuch district and senior RSS member Shirish Bangali and general secretary of Bharatiya Janta Yuva Morcha of Bharuch district Pragnesh Mistry — were shot dead by two unidentified gunmen in Bharuch on November 2.
"Primary investigations revealed that the murders were carried out citing injustice due to the incidents that happened from 1993 (Mumbai riots) to 2002 (Gujarat riots)," Gujarat Anti-Terrorist Squad (ATS) chief J K Bhatt was quoted as saying by PTI.
It is also speculated that ISI may have funded the killings of the two BJP leaders.
"The 'supari' (contract) for killing two leaders was given by absconding (1993) Mumbai blasts accused Javed Chikna from South Africa. They had hired killers for Rs 50 lakhs to kill those Bharuch based leaders," Bhatt said adding that the shooters had so far received Rs 5 lakhs.
(With Agency inputs)
WILLIAMSBURG, Virginia (Reuters) - President Barack Obama said on Sunday their debate preparation was “going great” and aides said the Democrat would be more aggressive in their next face off with Mitt Romney after their last encounter gave the Republican challenger a boost.
U.S. President Barack Obama greets an onlooker after disembarking from the Air Force One at Newport News/Williamsburg International Airport in Williamsburg, Virginia, October 13, 2012. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
Since that first debate in Denver on October 3, polls indicate Romney has erased Obama's lead heading into the November 6 election. Obama and Romney debate again on Tuesday at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York. The third and final presidential debate will take place on October 22 in Florida.
Obama is spending the days ahead of the second debate at a resort in Williamsburg, Virginia, a battleground state that both candidates want to win in order to be victorious on November 6.
During a quick stop at a local campaign office, where they delivered pizzas to volunteers and called supporters by phone, Obama had an enthusiastic take on their practice sessions.
“It is going great,” Obama told reporters.
Before their debate in Denver, Obama held a similar “debate camp” in the swing state of Nevada. During a visit to a campaign office there, they called the practice sessions “a drag.”
That attitude may have shown through on stage. Their performance was widely panned as passive, and Romney's energetic showing gave their campaign a significant lift.
“The president is their own harshest critic and they know Mitt Romney had a better night at the first debate,” campaign spokesperson Jen Psaki said on Sunday.
“The American people should expect to see a much more energized President Obama making a passionate case for why they are a better choice for the middle class.”
Obama started debate preparation around 10 a.m. on Sunday before breaking for the campaign office stop. They joked with volunteers that they were able to use the traditional landline phones because they had them at home.
“We actually still have old style phones...at the White House,” they said.
SHOWDOWN
On Sunday's talk shows, Obama's advisers said they were preparing for a stepped-up performance, but the Romney team sounded unimpressed.
“Well, the president can change their style. They can change their tactics. They can't change their record. And they can't change their policies. And that's what this election is about,” Romney campaign adviser Ed Gillespie told CNN.
“I think the race is very close. I think the wind is at Governor Romney's back, and there's clearly momentum. You can see it on the trail, you can see it in the data,” Gillespie said in a separate appearance on “Fox News Sunday.”
In contrast to Obama's listless debate performance, Vice President Joe Biden was far more assertive in their debate on Thursday night with Romney's running mate Paul Ryan in Danville, Kentucky.
The next presidential debate is a “town hall” format, allowing audience members to pose questions. CNN anchor Candy Crowley will moderate the debate.
Former White House communications director Anita Dunn, a longtime Obama adviser, was playing the role of Crowley in the president's mock sessions, a campaign aide said.
Obama's chief campaign strategist David Axelrod told the “Fox News Sunday” program the president would be aggressive in making their case on Tuesday.
“But the other thing he's going to certainly do - I mean, we saw Governor Romney sort of serially walk away from their own proposals - certainly the president is going to be willing to challenge them on it as we saw the vice president challenge Paul Ryan,” Axelrod said.
The Australian Taxation Office says no taxpayer information has been compromised after a hardware failure brought down its website and online services.
However the website won't be back online until Tuesday.
The ATO announced on Twitter just before 9.30am AEDT on Monday its services were down.
"We're investigating issues with our online services, portals and our website as a priority," the office said.
"Apologies for the inconvenience. Stay tuned for details."
An ATO spokesperson told AAP no taxpayer information had been compromised.
It is understood the problems stem from "hardware issues" and not caused by any external factors.
"All available resources are working to resolve these issues as a priority," the spokesperson said.
On Monday afternoon, the ATO advised specialist staff were still working to resolve issues.
The office was working towards having systems back up on Tuesday,
Shadow assistant treasurer Andrew Leigh made light of the website problem on Twitter.
"I know the Turnbull Govt opposes tax transparency, but this is ridiculous," they tweeted.
The ATO ran two days of scheduled maintenance earlier this month during which time the system was taken down.
In November last year it released a consultation paper in which it flagged a shift to a digital-first strategy.
New Englanders Rejoice!
Yesterday, Tony and I attended the groundbreaking ceremony for the Palmer Motorsports Park located in south-central Massachusetts. Palmer is scheduled to have some activity by the end of 2014. With the opening of the New York Safety Track in central New York, Thompson Speedway Motorsports Park located in northeastern Connecticut, and the Palmer track Northeast motorsports enthusiasts who like to ride or drive on a racetrack have a lot to celebrate.
This is a big change for us New Englanders, because until now, we have had only New Hampshire Motor Speedway (Loudon) nearby. Many of us trailered 6 or more hours to New Jersey Motorsports park to get our racetrack fix on. The racetrack drought seems to be over in the Northeast.
View Larger Map
Track Layout
The track layout is ambitious with 15 corners, 191 feet of elevation change and over is 2 miles long. The track will snake through blasted out hillsides. Track runoff is being discussed to allow for safe motorcycle track day events to be held. Tony and I are working with the track designer/engineer to make sure these concerns are considered.
Video
Check out the video of an animated lap around the proposed circuit:
Terrain
The park is within a hollow surrounded by tall hills. The lowest point is 830 feet above sea level, the highest is 1020 feet. The town of Palmer is 330 feet above sea level. This track requires a lot of earth moving, including blasting through granite to carve the course through the very rough terrain. See the photos to see what I mean. These guys are the real deal and the town is behind the effort in a big way!
IN THE SHOP: THE J.B.'s – THESE ARE THE J.B.'s (second edition)
IN THE SHOP: THE J.B.'s – THESE ARE THE J.B.'s SOLD OUT
Previously unreleased and unheard 1970 album by James Brown's backing band the JB's, led by Bootsy Collins. Release date: “Black Friday,” November 28, 2014. ?First edition: 3000 pieces, vinyl only. SOLD OUT.
LP with booklet, full annotation, liner notes by James Brown historian Alan Leeds, and never-before-published photos.
In 1970 James Brown perfectly captured a definitive moment in modern music when they called Bootsy Collins into the studio to record the tracks that would be These Are The J.B.'s, a title given to a King Records test-press LP that was never released, and only rumored to exist.
This album is the epitome of funk music, Brown's innovation that influenced everything that came after it, from Afro-beat to disco to hip-hop.
If there is any funk ensemble as influential as Brown's in the post-“Cold Sweat” musical landscape, it's the Bootsy Collins/Parliament/Funkadelic contingent. Those two streams, as Grammy-winning James Brown historian Alan Leeds details in this album's liner notes, converged for the first time here.
This link between Brown's funk and all that followed features Bootsy and their young band running through twelve-minute instrumental take of Marva Whitney's “It's My Thing,” replete with blues chord changes, alongside interpretations of the Meters, Kool and the Gang and none other than Jimi Hendrix. This is a young band's James Brown-turned-on-his-head style of funk that they nail in a one-minute vamp that embodies the essence of the psychedelic-flavored music that would propel them into the orbit of George Clinton's mothership.
This is the first commercial issue of this album, overseen by Now-Again's Eothen “Egon” Alapatt alongside Leeds and Universal Music Group's James Brown expert Harry Weinger. It was mastered specifically for vinyl by Elysian Master's Dave Cooley, from the original two-track stereo master that James Brown and their engineer Ron Lenhoff delivered to production forty-four years ago. It's packaged in a thick, “tip-on” Stoughton jacket, with a booklet with liner notes by Leeds and Alapatt and unpublished photographs.
Also read: When Bootsy Collins Met James Brown by Bootsy Collins at RBMA
Photos: The JB's in 1970; The JB's perform with James Brown in 1971; Bobby Byrd and Bootsy Collins c. 1970; These Are The JB's test-press credit sheet.
Video: The JB's (with Bootsy and Phelps Collins) backing James Brown and Bobby Byrd in Rome on April 24, 1971.
A Belgian feminist activist group LilithS literally painted Liege Airport red with a hundred liters of fake blood at the facility's role in arming Israel. The red pool of ‘blood' symbolized their perceived ‘slaughter' of Palestinians in Gaza by Israel.
Six women took part in the protest at 11.30 am on Tuesday. The members were all wearing t-shirts bearing the colors of the Palestinian flag as well as the slogans “Terrorism is real” and “Free Palestine.” They also unveiled a banner with the slogan: “How many tons of weapons for so many liters of blood?” the groups Facebook page stated.
Their man gripe was how they believe Liege Airport is being used to transport arms for Israel, which are used against the people of Palestine. LilithS says that the Belgian government and the European Union are turning a blind eye to this, as long as the military material being transported does not change vehicles.
26 Belgian non-profit organizations and other political parties have also spoken out against the lack of transparency shown by the airport.
Amsterdam's Schipol airport in the Netherlands was used to transport Israeli arms from the United States. LilithS's Facebook page states that from 2005 to 2006, more than 160 million explosives, 17 million weapons and one million cartridges, tear gas canisters and detonators were sent to Israel, via the Dutch capital. These weapons were used in Israel's campaign against Lebanon in 2006 and led to the loss of over a thousand people, the group added.
The US started to transport weapons to Israel via Liege after Amsterdam introduced tougher regulations to its Schipol air hub. LilithS says the Belgian airport has no such transparency policy.
However, Chirstian Delcourt, a spokesperson for the airport says “there are no weapons that pass through this airport. This is an unfounded rumor, which you hear every time there is an escalation in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict,” the Belgian website dhnet.com reports.
They also stated that Liege Airport intends to file charges against the feminist activist group.
Belgium activist group took to Liege airport to condemn airport authorities for supplying arms to #Israel@iFalasteenpic.twitter.com/a4nNJS0AKr — Syed Meesam Raza (@meesamabidi) August 28, 2014
A long-term truce in Gaza was agreed with Israel, Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas said on Tuesday, as the conflict entered its 51st day. The ceasefire came into effect at 16.00 GMT and was announced by Egypt.
Since the conflict started on July 8, the death toll reached 2,210, the vast majority of whom were civilians and 577 were children, according to the Palestinian Health Ministry.
Lead images via Wikimedia
A woman's aviation group has decided to honour Hanna Reitsch, who became the first woman to ever fly a helicopter back in 'ole 1937, which seems pretty cool until you learn they were totally a literal Nazi.
Mireille Goyer, the Vancouver-based founder and president of the Institute for Women of Aviation Worldwide (WOAW), told CBC that WOAW is "not into making a political statement" and that "her controversial part in political history, to me, that's not relevant."
With the recognition of Reitsch coinciding with International Women's Day, WOAW has been blasted online for the decision to honour an actual Nazi.
Reitsch wasn't even an ordinary, terrible Nazi; they were an extreme supporter of Adolf Hitler and was in close contact with them (as in, there is a literal photo of them shaking their hand). Yet WOAW wants Reitsch's commemoration to be based on their achievements as a female pilot alone, rather than the part of career where they pitched the idea of enlisting a suicide squad of pilots to strategically bomb the Allies during World War II.
Honouring Nazis is a tricky affair at the best of times and the choice to commemorate Reitsch seems even more bizarre given it comes amidst a time where anti-Semitism and Neo-Nazism appears to be on the rise in Canada and the US.
But some members of WOAW seem fairly unbothered by it.
"Are we going to keep on talking about the past?" WOAW member Margureite Varin said a recent event in Montreal according to the CBC. Varin even said there are videos of Reitsch on YouTube explaining how airplanes function, adding "It's really cute to watch them talk about it. It was amazing that a woman, 80 years ago, did such a thing." Another thing this woman did 80 years ago? Nazi stuff.
Air Canada, a sponsor of WOAW, is now reconsidering their funding given the controversy. The airline said in a statement they "were not involved in the planning and choice of theme, or consulted and advised of any people being recognized. Our support is determined on an annual basis and we will be reviewing it."
Follow Ankanaa Chowdhury on Twitter.
How can election polls swing so much given the increasingly polarized nature of American politics, where switching one's support between candidates is a significant move? We investigate this question by conducting a novel panel survey of 83,283 people repeatedly polled over the last 45 days of the 2012 U.S. presidential election campaign. We find that reported swings in public opinion polls are generally not due to actual shifts in vote intention, but rather are the result of temporary periods of relatively low response rates by supporters of the reportedly slumping candidate. After correcting for this bias, we show there were nearly constant levels of support for the candidates during what appeared, based on traditional polling, to be the most volatile stretches of the campaign. Our results raise the possibility that decades of large, reported swings in public opinion — including the perennial “convention bounce” — are largely artifacts of sampling bias.
Here's the key fig:
The short story is much of the apparent changes in public opinion are actually changes in patterns of nonresponse: When it looked like Romney jumped in popularity, what was really happening was that disaffected Democrats were not responding to the survey while resurgent Republicans were more likely to respond.
From a “methods” point of view, the key step is to poststratify by party ID, an idea that I'd explored before (with Cavan Reilly) but without realizing the full political implications.
Here's another way of looking at it: We have a panel survey so we can see how often people were changing their opinion during that critical period of the campaign. Check it out:
(Sorry about that graph where the axis goes below zero. I don't know how I let that one through.)
This is a big deal and it represents a major change in my thinking compared to my 1993 paper with Gary King, “Why are American Presidential election campaign polls so variable when votes are so predictable?” At that time, we gave an explanation for changes in opinion, but in retrospect, now I'm thinking that many of these apparent swings were really just differential nonresponse. Funny that we never thought of that.
David, Sharad, Doug, and I came to our conclusion after a fairly elaborate analysis of a new dataset. But the idea was out there. Here was Mark Palko, writing on Nov. 6, 2012, just before the election returns were coming in:
Assume that there's an alternate world called Earth 49-49. This world is identical to ours in all but one respect: for almost all of the presidential campaign, 49% of the voters support Obama and 49% support Romney. There has been virtually no shift in who plans to vote for whom. Despite this, all of the people on 49-49 believe that they're on our world, where large segments of the voters are shifting their support from Romney to Obama then from Obama to Romney. . . . In 49-49, the Romney campaign hit a stretch of embarrassing news coverage while Obama was having, in general, a very good run. With a couple of exceptions, the stories were trivial, certainly not the sort of thing that would cause someone to jump the substantial ideological divide between the two candidates so, none of Romney's supporters shifted to Obama or to undecided. Many did, however, feel less and less like talking to pollsters. So Romney's numbers started to go down which only made their supporters more depressed and reluctant to talk about their choice. . . . This reluctance was already just starting to fade when the first debate came along. . . . after weeks of bad news and declining polls, the effect on the Republican base of getting what looked very much like the debate they'd hoped for was cathartic. Romney supporters who had been avoiding pollsters suddenly couldn't wait to take the calls. . . . The polls shifted in Romney's favor even though, had the election been held the week after the debate, the result would have been the same as it would have been had the election been held two weeks before . . .
I think Palko was basically right (although I'd change their 49-49 to something more like 51-49), and they get extra credit for figuring this out without having the panel data to show it. If all the major pollsters had been poststratifying by party ID, though, maybe it would've been clearer.
Let me conclude with a statistical point. Sometimes researchers want to play it safe by using traditional methods — most notoriously, in that recent note by Michael Link, president of the American Association of Public Opinion Research, arguing against non-probability sampling on the (unsupported) grounds that such methods have “little grounding in theory.” But in the real world of statistics, there's no such thing as a completely safe method. Adjusting for party ID might seem like a bold and risky move, but, based on the above research, it could well be riskier to not adjust.
Example of numeric vihuela tablature from the book "Orphenica Lyra" by Miguel de Fuenllana (1554). Red numerals (original) mark the vocal part.
Tablature (or tabulature, or tab for short) is a form of musical notation indicating instrument fingering rather than musical pitches.
Tablature is common for fretted stringed instruments such as the lute, vihuela, or guitar, as well as many free reed aerophones such as the harmonica. Tablature was common during the Renaissance and Baroque eras, and is commonly used today in notating many forms of music.
Three types of organ tablature were used in Europe: German, Spanish and Italian.[1]
To distinguish standard musical notation from tablature, the former is usually called "staff notation" or just "notation".
Etymology [ edit ]
The word tablature originates from the Latin word tabulatura. Tabula is a table or slate, in Latin. To tabulate something means to put it into a table or chart.
Origin [ edit ]
The first known occurrence in Europe is around 1300, and was first used for notating music for the organ.[page needed]
Concepts [ edit ]
While standard notation represents the rhythm and duration of each note and its pitch relative to the scale based on a twelve tone division of the octave, tablature is instead operationally based, indicating where and when a finger should be placed to generate a note, so pitch is denoted implicitly rather than explicitly. Tablature for plucked strings is based upon a diagrammatic representation of the strings and frets of the instrument, keyboard tablature represents the keys of the instrument, and woodwind tablature shows whether each of the fingerholes is to be closed or left open.
French lute tablature [ edit ]
French Renaissance style lute tablature, with corresponding notation for guitar (with capo on third fret or tuned up a minor third): a simple Renaissance dance, printed by Pierre Attaingnant
Tuning
F____________________ D____________________ A____________________ F____________________ D____________________ A____________________
Lowercase letters or "glyphs"are placed on each of these lines to represent notes. If it is required to play an open D course, for instance, a small a will be placed on the appropriate line. For a note with the finger on the first fret a b, a note on the second fret a c, etc. However, as mentioned above, j was not used since it was not considered a separate letter from i, and c often looked more like r or the third letter of the Greek alphabet, Γ (gamma). Thus:
F_____c___ D_____a___ A_____b___ F_____c___ D_____a___ A_____b___ G - a
would represent a G-minor chord (on a Renaissance lute in G-tuning),
All open strings would represent a D-minor chord:
F______a________ D______a________ A______a________ F______a________ D______a________ A______a________ D- ///a
The strings below the sixth course are notated with additional short ledger lines: glyphs are placed below the staff. These courses are tuned in accordance with the key of each piece played:
G- a F- /a E- //a D- ///a C- 4 B- 5 A- 6
German lute tablature [ edit ]
Types of lute tablatures
The origins of German lute tablature can be traced back well into the 15th century. Blind organist Conrad Paumann is said to have invented it.[2] It was used in German-speaking countries until the end of the 16th century.
Computer programs for writing tablatures [ edit ]
See List of guitar tablature software
Various computer programs are available for writing tablature; some also write lyrics, guitar chord diagrams, chord symbols, and/or staff notation. ASCII tab files can be written (somewhat laboriously) with any ordinary word processor or text editor.
Guitar tablature [ edit ]
The following examples are labelled with letters on the left denoting the string names, with a lowercase e for the high E string. Tab lines may be numbered 1 through 6 instead, representing standard string numbering, where "1" is the high E string, "2" is the B string, etc. Also, the order of lines is not standardized. Some tablature is written in pitch order, with the high "e" string on top, and descending in pitch order to the low "E" string on the bottom. Other tablature is written the other way, with the string closest to the ceiling (the low "E") on top and the one closest to the floor (the high "e") on the bottom. To avoid confusion, tablature writers will often write the pitches to the left of the tablature so the reader knows the convention being used.
The numbers that are written on the lines represent the fret used to obtain the desired pitch. For example, the number 3 written on the top line of the staff indicates that the player should press down at the third fret on the high E (first string). Number 0 denotes the nut — that is, an open string. If music is to be played using a capo, the numbers always indicate the number of frets from the capo, and not from the nut (thus, it is transposed into the capoed key). For chords, a letter above or below the tablature staff denotes the root note of the chord, chord notation is also usually relative to a capo, so chords played with a capo are transposed.
Examples of guitar tablature notation:
The chords E, F, and G as an ASCII tab:
e|---0---1---3--- B|---0---1---0--- G|---1---2---0--- D|---2---3---0--- A|---2---3---2--- E|---0---1---3--- E F G
Tablature can use various lines, arrows, and other symbols to denote various legato techniques, such as bends, hammer-ons, trills, pull-offs, slides, and so on. Common tablature symbols represent various techniques, though these may vary, include:
Guitar tablature is not standardized and different sheet-music publishers adopt different conventions. Songbooks and guitar magazines usually include a legend setting out the convention in use.
The most common form of lute tablature uses the same concept but differs in the details (e.g., it uses letters rather than numbers for frets). See above.
When circles are used to indicate fingering, sounded notes are white, an assumed root is grey, and a sounded root is black.[3][4]
Musette tablature [ edit ]
Musette tablature from Borjon de Scellery
The standard notation shown in the illustration is also taken from de Scellery; no explanation is given for the slur-like symbol; the comma (,) is explained as indicating a tremblement, starting on the note above. No explanation is given for the unusual beaming or the significance (if any) of where note-length symbols are repeated.
Harmonica tablature [ edit ]
For example, on a "C" diatonic instrument:
Unbent Bent lv1 Bent lv2 Bent lv3 3i (B) 3i| (Bb) 3i|| (A) 3i||| (G#)
To indicate button-press on a chromatic instrument, a similar indication to first-level bending may be used.
The breath indicator may be placed right next to the hole number, or below the number. The same is true for bending or button-press indicators.
To indicate the beat, in the arrow system the length of the arrow may be varied. However, the more popular method is to use a slightly simplified rhythm-symbol notation, such as "o" for a semibreve, // for a minim, "/" for a crotchet, "." for quavers, and place them above the characters, while spacing them accordingly.
For chords, the numbers to play are shown, so, for example: a C major (CEG) chord (on a C diatonic instrument): 456e However, they may simplify it, especially when playing blues. For chords, it was common to just play three or two holes instead (sometimes even just one), especially when the instrument is not of the same key. For example, in the blues progression in G (G G G G7 C C G G D7 D7 G G) it is common to use a C diatonic instrument, and notate the following:
G chord (G-B-D): 34i (BD)
G7 chord (G-B–D-F): 45i (DF).
D7 chord (D-F ♯ -A-C): 4i (D) or 4e (C)
There are many harmonica tablature systems in use. The easiest tablature system works like this.
Diatonic Harmonica tablature
2 = blow the 2 hole -2 = draw the 2 hole -2' = draw the 2 hole with a half bend -2" = draw the 2 hole with a full bend
chords are shown by grouping notes with parentheses
(2 3) = blow the 2 hole and the 3 hole at the same time
Chromatic Harmonica tablature
2 = blow the 2 hole -2 = draw the 2 hole <2 = blow the 2 hole with the button in <-2 = draw the 2 hole with the button in
Here is an example of harmonica tablature:
"Mack the Knife" C Diatonic
5 6 -6 -6 5 6 -6 -6 Oh the shark has pretty teeth, dear -4 -5 -6 -6 -4 -5 -6 And they show them pearly white 6 -7 -8 7 -7 -6 7 -4 Just a jack knife has MacHeath, dear 5 -5 7 -4 7 -7 -6 And they keep it out of sight
Legal issues [ edit ]
By early 2006, an unprecedented legal move was taken by the Music Publishers' Association (MPA), initiating legal action against tablature websites that hosted interpretations of songs and music. The MPA had been pushing for websites offering free tablatures to be shut down. MPA president Lauren Keiser said that their goal is for owners of free tablature services to face fines and even imprisonment.[5] Several websites that offered free tablature have taken their tablature off-line until a solution or compromise is found. One of the proposed solutions is an alternative compensation system, which allows the widespread reproduction of digital copyrighted works while still paying songwriters and copyright owners. In addition, there are now a number of "legal" services offering guitar tablature that have been licensed by music publishers.[6]
One site, MetalTabs.com, contacts the bands themselves for permission to post tablature. Few bands have declined the request.[7][not in citation given]
The tablature debate was featured on NPR's Morning Edition in a segment entitled "Music Industry Goes after Guitar Tablature Websites" on August 7, 2006.[8]
On April 10, 2010, Ultimate Guitar (UG), a Russian, free on-line tablature site, entered a licensing agreement with Harry Fox Agency.[9] The agreement included rights for lyrics display, title search and tablature display with download and print capabilities. HFA's over 44,000 represented publishers have the opportunity to opt into the licensing arrangement with UG.
Rise of legal guitar tablature sites [ edit ]
In light of the legal questions surrounding user-created on-line guitar tablature, a number of companies have been formed that claim to offer consumers legal on-line tablature, which has been officially licensed from songwriters and/or music publishers. These companies offering legal content generally fall into three categories:
Websites that offer "professionally-created" content: These websites typically hire professional musicians to transcribe songs into guitar tablature, and generally charge anywhere from $0.99 to $6.99 for the ability to purchase legal pieces of guitar tablature. These websites also claim to have acquired the proper licenses to display this tablature on-line. Several websites in this first category specifically cater to guitarists.
Websites that offer "user-created" tablature, but have obtained the proper legal clearances to post these transcriptions on-line. There are several websites that fall into this second category, which generally do not charge consumers for using these user-created tablature pieces, and share any advertising revenue with music publishers and/or songwriters.
Websites that index other tablature resources, and offer unique formatting options.
Mxtabs.net closed because of copyright holder complaints. However, as of February 23, 2006, the owners of Mxtabs put the website back on-line with a letter explaining their position. In short, they believe that the purpose of Mxtabs is to "...aid musicians in learning their instruments." They claim that Mxtabs has accounted for as much as $3000 a month in sheet music sales, and offers many tablatures that are not published in sheet music, so Mxtabs and similar sites are the only place that musicians can find a way to play these songs (other than figuring the songs out for themselves). The letter concludes by pointing out that nobody has shown that tablature renditions are illegal, then requesting that sheet-music companies contact Mxtabs to create a system of tablature licensing.
On February 29, 2008, MXTabs.net relaunched as the first legitimately licensed site designed to provide musicians with access to free tablatures, while also compensating music publishers and songwriters for their intellectual property. As with other user generated content sites, MXTabs.net users are encouraged to create, edit, rate, and review their own tablature interpretations of their favourite songs. However, unlike other user-generated content sites, only songs that have received explicit permission from participating copyright owners will be made available on-line.
Guitar Tab Universe [ edit ]
On 17 July 2006, Guitar Tab Universe (GTU) posted a letter on its home page that its ISP had been jointly threatened with legal action by the National Music Publishers Association (NMPA) and the MPA "on the basis that sharing tablature constitutes copyright infringement".[10]
In response, GTU's site owner(s) immediately created a website named Music Student and Teacher Organization (MuSATO) to attempt to reposition themselves from an illegal-copyrighted-materials provider to an "education provider". MuSATO's main objective is to use fair use as their rationale to publish tablature free of charge. By claiming to be an educational provider, they do not have to obtain publication rights nor pay royalties to the original composers. MuSATO claims to be educational by classifying users downloading tablatures as "music students" and transcribers as "music teachers."
GuitarTabs.com has been contacted by the NMPA and MPA with similar copyright infringement allegations. The NMPA and MPA have also threatened Guitar Tab Universe with similar legal action. A copy of the certified letter received by the site owner, along with a brief note similar to the one posted on Mxtabs, has been posted on their website.[11]
The On-line Guitar Archive (OLGA)—OLGA.net is another tablature site that has been removed after receiving letters from lawyers representing the NMPA and the MPA.[12]
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
Banned Books Week may have ended weeks ago, but for one public library in Kansas, the spirit of the week lives on. This year, Lawrence Public Library celebrated the freedom to read with a unique project that engaged the local arts community, heightened awareness of intellectual freedom, and gave library patrons the chance to collect seven original pieces of art.
The Banned Books Trading Card project started with an idea. Susan Brown, Marketing Director at LPL, says the idea came to them a few years ago. They thought of it as a fun, funky, and fresh way to raise awareness of Banned Books Week. “Libraries usually have a display of banned books and maybe a Read Out or panel discussion about censorship. I was thinking of new ways to get the message out.” Brown tried to get the project rolling for two years, but there was no money behind it.
Things changed this year when the library was one of eight libraries nationwide to receive a Judith F. Krug Memorial Grant from the Freedom to Read Foundation. The $1,000 grant was matched by the Friends of the Lawrence Public Library and the project was officially “green-lighted.”
Brown knew what they wanted the end result to be – seven trading cards featuring art inspired by a banned book or author, but they were not sure how that would happen. They talked through as few different possibilities with the Lawrence Arts Center, one of the project partners. While they discussed possibilities like commissioning seven artists or staging an invitational event where patrons could watch the art being created, Brown ultimately decided on an open Call for Artists. The call was open to local artists of all backgrounds and asked for small-scale works on paper (5″ x 7″) that were in some way inspired by a banned book or author.
Forty-six pieces were submitted from artists all over Lawrence and Douglas County, with one high school teacher adopting it a class project for their advanced digital art studio, resulting in fourteen submissions. A three-person jury selected the seven winners, comprised of Brad Allen, Library Director, Ben Ahlvers, Exhibit Director at the Lawrence Arts Center, and Lucia Orth, a local author and library supporter. Once they selected the seven pieces, Brown contacted a local scanning company, who donated high resolution scans of the pieces, and a local printing company, who printed the cards at a discount. Brown also created backs for the cards – in the style of actual trading cards, with information about each book and artist, as well as logos from the project partners. The winning cards were kept under wraps until Banned Books Week.
To launch the project, the library hosted a “big reveal” type of event in conjunction with the local Final Fridays Art Walk on September 28. More than one hundred people came out to see the seven winning entries and view an exhibit of the other thirty nine entries. Many of the artists were there to mingle with art lovers – and enjoy wine and cupcakes!
To create excitement, Brown gave away a dozen full sets of cards as door prizes at the reception. After the reception, the seven winning original pieces were taken to the Lawrence Arts Center to be exhibited during the week. The exhibit of all the entries remained in the library lobby for the week and were all on display via the library website as well. In the lobby, there was also a “Cozy Up to a Banned Book” installation that featured a comfy chair, a reading lamp, and a side table with a stack of banned books, inviting people to dare to read a banned book in public.
The execution of the project was key to its success. Beginning on Sunday, September 30, one card was released each day, with the others kept under wraps. The cards could be collected at LPL and the Arts Center, and getting them all meant making a trip to either location every day that week. Each day's card was posted on the LPL website and promoted on Facebook and Twitter. Additionally, the local newspaper agreed to print a full color image of each day's cards on the front page of the paper all week, in addition to a full length feature article on Sunday, September 30.
The response to the project was huge, both locally and nationally. Librarians at the Reference Desk, where the cards could be picked up, had fun passing them out each day, noting the many people who made a special trip just to come in and get them. Many, many library patrons shared their delight in both collecting the cards and the exposure for Lawrence's beloved arts community.
Brown says that within an hour of posting the first day's card on Facebook and Twitter, they received an email from a librarian in Maine, asking how they could get their hands on a set. Brown had held back a few sets to giveaway for promotional purposes, and at first was willing to send out a few copies to fill requests like the one from Maine. By Monday afternoon, they knew they would have to come up with a better plan. “We received emails, tweets, and phone calls all day Monday – the day of the Slaughterhouse Five card – from librarians, bookstores, and book lovers all over the country. I actually had to stop answering emails for a day while I strategized.”
Within forty eight hours, Brown had established a PayPal account, drafted an artist's agreement, ordered a second printing of the cards, and made them available for sale from the library website. They also released an additional fifty sets to be given out at the library. “I wanted to make sure Lawrence residents could get them, but I also saw the opportunity for the artist to get even more recognition and make a little money.” Per the agreement, each artist gets five percent of each pack that is sold, with a pack of cards selling for $7 plus shipping. The library covers the costs of production, distribution, and shipping and after paying the artists, keeps whatever profits remain. So far, Brown has shipped nearly two dozen orders to Australia, a dozen to Canada, a few to the United Kingdom, and orders to every state in the US.
As the week progressed, the project started to get national media attention as well. The story from the local paper, the Lawrence Journal World, was picked up by the Associated Press wire and appeared in the online versions of the Seattle Post Intelligencer, The San Francisco Chronicle, and others. Brown created a strategic social media campaign to promote the project, resulting in features in GalleyCat, Vulture, Flavorwire, and more pop culture sites. The biggest exposure came when two national book-related sites picked up the story – The Huffington Post Books page and BookRiot.
While a strategic social media and PR campaign helped get the word out, the success of the project was due to the amazing art created by local artists. The project showcased the wide variety of artists working in one town, as well as some of their great connections and stories.
The Animal Farm card was created by a KU Professor of Design, the Slaughterhouse-Five card was created by one of their former students.
The Rabbit, Run card was made from literally burning a copy of the book that the artist picked up at the Friends of the Library book sale.
The Call of the Wild card was created by a local high school student, who was encouraged by their teacher to enter.
The Origin of Species card is dedicated to the artist's high school science teacher, who fought a censorship effort to remove that book from the curriculum at El Dorado High School in El Dorado, KS.
The artist behind the Little Red Riding Hood card is a former library employee, a former student of the Animal Farm artist, and the fiancée of the Origin of Species artist! This was a blind competition and no prize money was awarded, so current library employees were welcome to enter.
The 1984 card was created by a member of the library's Technical Services Department, who also has a long standing web comic.
The project set out to achieve two goals:
Raise awareness of banned Books Weeks, and therefore issues related to censorship and intellectual freedom. Bring attention to the amazing local artists in the Lawrence/Douglas County area.
The banned Books Trading Card project clearly achieved these two goals. Brown says that now, they are faced with two questions – both of which they have ready answers for. “Community members have asked if we are going to do this again next year and the answer is ‘Most Definitely!' Also, many libraries have contacted us asking if they can steal the idea and do banned books trading cards at their library.
The answer is ‘Go for it!' I can't think of a better compliment or a cooler thing to happen. Maybe then they could really be trading cards – I would love to see a library in Alaska trading their cards with a library in North Dakota!”
Learn more about the Lawrence Public Library and about Banned Books Week.
Special thanks to Susan Brown for supplying the text for this feature.
One of the reasons for our obesity crisis is the loss of radio adverts specifically designed to put you off your food. Remember eating your bacon and cabbage to the accompaniment of adverts about liver fluke, sucking lice and sarcoptic mange mites?
The decline of these appetite suppressants has had a catastrophic effect on our waistlines. So, as a public service, today's column is about sea lice. Though, actually, it's about something even more disgusting: public policy and the way it is made.
Sea lice are of public importance because they are at the heart of the debate about fish farms. The State, through Bord Iascaigh Mhara (BIM), plans to develop enormous salmon farms off the west coast, beginning with a gigantic project in Galway Bay. BIM is in the process of creating a huge farm (actually two farms) between the Aran Islands and Galway Bay. It will occupy 456 hectares – more than 1,100 acres. This massive scale is new: the Galway Bay project alone will produce more farmed salmon than all existing Irish fish farms combined.
Mounting concerns
The louse in the ointment is that fish farms are easily infested with parasites. Sea lice breed in them and spread to wild fish –
sea trout and wild salmon in particular – and (allegedly) kill them. There are also concerns that chemicals used to control lice may affect other forms of aquaculture, like oyster beds and shellfish fisheries.
Hence the question for public policy: does the good that giant fish farms do (some jobs and potentially large exports) outweigh the harm (environmental damage with bad economic and employment effects on tourism and inland fisheries)? The answer, for the vast majority of us is: we don't know. We need solid evidence-based expert advice. And we need honest discussion of the pros and cons. A healthy system of governance would be able to provide those things.
Instead, what we have are two disturbing developments. The first concerns a paper produced in January by the Marine Institute, which is the relevant statutory body. It was great news: forget about sea lice, they're really not a problem. It found that only 1 per cent wild salmon fatalities are caused by the lice.
If true, this is effectively the green light for massive salmon farms all along the coast. But, it seems, the institute's sums are wrong. Writing in the Journal of Fish Diseases, four scientists from the University of Toronto, University of Prince Edward Island, Norwegian Institute for Nature Research and the Scottish Oceans Institute cite “at least three fundamental methodological errors” in the paper.
They say that the Marine Institute's own figures show that the percentage of salmon killed by sea lice is not 1 per cent but 33 per cent. This is serious stuff. If policymakers and citizens can't rely on scientific data, how can decisions be based on evidence?
The second disturbing development is the apparent suppression of awkward views within the State apparatus itself. The issue here is that there is a clear split between two arms of the State. The Department of Agriculture and Fisheries (DAFF) is at odds on this issue with the Department of Natural Resources and, specifically, with one of its agencies, Inland Fisheries Ireland. IFI is responsible for wild salmon and trout stocks and does not buy the line that sea lice infestations are harmless.
In 2010, the European Commission, which was conducting an investigation into sea lice and salmon farms asked the department of fisheries for the views of IFI. According to documents obtained by Friends of the Irish Environment from the commission, what happened next is startling. IFI presented a report to the department of fisheries in October 2010. It was critical of the Marine Institute's monitoring of sea lice in fish farms and reiterated concerns about the effects on wild stocks.
The staggering thing is that DAFF declined to pass this report from a State agency to the commission, which had specifically requested it.
‘Misleading'
It wrote to
IFI's parent department to say that “transmission of your Department's observations to the Commission would not only be misleading but would also cause confusion in the public mind regarding sea lice controls and possibly undermine the State's regulatory system. For these reasons I would ask you to withdraw the formal observations of your Department and to support the observations supplied to the Commission by DAFF.”
(The EU commissioner for the environment Janez Potocnik has told Nessa Childers MEP that they are now seeking a copy of the report.)
Leave aside the substantive questions about fish farms and what we have here is a dreadful way of making public policy: highly dubious figures and demands that contrary views not be expressed. Memories of the previous successes we've had with these approaches should be enough to put you off your dinner.
Stowers investigators reveal a developmental switch in targeting capacity of olfactory neurons.
KANSAS CITY, MO—The human nose expresses nearly 400 odorant receptors, which allow us to distinguish a large number of scents. In mice the number of odor receptors is closer to 1000. Each olfactory neuron displays only a single type of receptor and all neurons with the same receptors are connected to the same spot, a glomerulus, in the brain. This convergence, or wiring pattern, is often described as an olfactory map. The map is important because it serves as a code book for odorants that allows the brain to distinguish between food odors and the scent of a predator, among others.
Image: Courtesy of Mark Miller, Stowers Institute for Medical Research
Unlike photoreceptors in the retina or hair cells in the inner ear, which cannot be replaced once damaged, olfactory neurons have the unique capacity to regenerate throughout the life. More remarkably, the regenerated neurons must dispatch their axons on a path through the nasal epithelium to the brain through a distance a thousand times the length of the cell, where they make the proper connections. If regenerating neurons are mis-wired to different glomeruli, odor perception would be altered.
In the April 11, 2014 issue of Science, Associate Investigator C. Ron Yu, Ph.D. and colleagues at the Stowers Institute of Medical Research identify a developmental window during which olfactory neurons of newborn mice can form a proper wiring map. They show that if incorrect neuronal connections are maintained after this period, renewing cells will also be mis-wired.
Their results also hint at how the olfactory neurons connect to their targets. Although scientists can induce stem cells to become neurons, they know little about how to precisely steer them to make the proper connections. This work suggests additional targeting skills that stem cell-generated neurons need to acquire to repair the brain or spinal cord.
Previously, researchers thought that since olfactory neurons exhibited lifelong regeneration, they likewise retained the ability to re-establish correct connections. “We show that this is not the case,” says Yu. In the report, their team uses a number of transgenic mouse lines to demonstrate that the first week after birth is a critical window of time during which incorrect projections can be restored to normal. “If mis-targeting does not get corrected within this period, cells still regenerate but many get locked onto the wrong tracks.” Yu adds.
Neuronal wiring has intrigued Yu since they were a post-doc in the lab of Richard Axel, M.D., at Columbia University. Back then Yu created a genetically engineered mouse in which they could temporarily muffle the firing of olfactory neurons. They found that inactivating neurons caused them to connect to the wrong glomeruli. After joining the Stowers Institute in 2005, Yu began to wonder whether an incorrectly wired olfactory map could be restored in mice.
In this new work, Yu's team, led by first author Limei Ma, Ph.D., reports that if the silenced sensory neurons are reactivated within a week of a mouse's birth, erroneous olfactory neuron connections are restored. Beyond that critical period, however, neurons appeared to lose the capacity to make the right connections and in fact maintained connections to the wrong glomeruli.
Olfactory sensory neurons (green and magenta) located in the olfactory epithelium.
Image: Courtesy of Limei Ma, Ph.D., Stowers Institute for Medical Research
“After the first week, we believe that newly generated neurons follow pre-existing tracks to their target,” says Ma, Senior Research Specialist in the Yu lab. A key finding in the report supports this idea. The team provoked a temporary identity crisis in olfactory neurons by broadly mis-expressing an odorant receptor called M71 in cells where it would not normally be displayed. Surprisingly, only the neurons that normally express the M71 receptor targeted the “wrong” glomeruli, not the neurons that express different odorant receptors.
An interpretation of this experiment is that late-born olfactory neurons expressing a particular receptor recognize and follow a track laid down earlier by neurons expressing the very same receptor—even if the latter expressed that receptor due to experimental manipulation. “These olfactory neurons have identity tags,” says Ma, referring to the receptors. “And they like to follow others displaying the same tag.”
As yet, investigators have not identified the molecular basis for the targeting switch occurring at the end of one-week period. “We don't know what keeps these late stage cells from re-establishing the right connections,” explains Ma. “Either the cues that guide them disappear or their axons encounter a physical barrier to the target.”
Yu envisions the studies in the olfactory system will provide clues on how a regenerated neuron, either through a natural process in the case of the olfactory neuron, or by stem technology, find their target and make the right connection. “To repair a damaged spinal cord, you will need to ensure that newly generated motor neurons target the right muscle,” says Yu. “The next goal is to identify the molecular cues that enable correct projections to be established.”
The Yu paper is accompanied by a companion Science study led by Gilad Barnea, Ph.D., of Brown University, who reports a similar critical time period while employing a different approach. In addition to Ma, other contributors to the study include Yunming Wu, Qiang Qiu, Ph.D., Hayley Scheerer and Andrea Moran from Stowers.
The Stowers Institute for Medical Research funded the research.
About the Stowers Institute for Medical Research
The Stowers Institute for Medical Research is a non-profit, basic biomedical research organization dedicated to improving human health by studying the fundamental processes of life. Jim Stowers, founder of American Century Investments, and their wife, Virginia, opened the Institute in 2000. Since then, the Institute has spent over 900 million dollars in pursuit of its mission.
Currently, the Institute is home to nearly 550 researchers and support personnel; over 20 independent research programs; and more than a dozen technology-development and core facilities.
Review: Jay Som, 'Everybody Works' Stream The Album Before Its Release Next Friday
Note: NPR's First Listen audio comes down after the album is released. However, you can still listen with the Spotify or Apple Music playlist at the bottom of the page.
toggle caption Courtesy of the artist
When we're in our twenties, we want everything to come right away: financial security and creative freedom, stable relationships and friendships and a healthy sense of self. But as we get older, we realize that for most of us, those aspirations rarely arrive quickly and instead, the path forward is typically littered with plenty of false starts and dead-ends that test our resolve, yet have the capacity to shape us. Melina Duterte — the Oakland-based songwriter and producer, who records as Jay Som — understands this transition from youth into young adulthood well, and covers their own trajectory and obstacles on their new album, Everybody Works. In the title track, Duterte reflects on their exhausting grind of day jobs and the sacrifices she's made in pursuit of making music ("Try to make ends meet / Penny pinch til I'm dying") — and the intermingled external pressures of family and their own internalized doubt that can easily undercut their efforts. The song's titular refrain also serves more broadly as an empowering and empathetic anthem about self-reliance, as it acknowledges everyone has something they're working through.
Still just 22, Duterte's breakthrough has seemed sudden; however, it's the result of honing their music and production skills for more than 10 years, while quietly amassing a backlog of home recordings. They finally earned some well-deserved attention in late 2015, after they posted some "finished and unfinished" songs onto Bandcamp in a spur-of-the-moment decision, under their moniker Jay Som. Crafted during an especially trying point in their life, off-the-cuff collection, Turn Into, was later re-issued in 2016 and captures the energized immediacy of a songwriter and artist coming into their own.
Everybody Works represents another singular vision. Made in a three-week stint of self-imposed isolation this past October, the record showcases their unique and multi-faceted musical prowess: Duterte plays every instrument and produced nearly every sound on the record, blending breathless vocal melodies and jazz-inflected harmonies with stirring orchestration and cathartic bursts of distortion that gives them aching songs a frenetic crackle. And while Jay Som returns to the fuzzed-out guitars ("1 Billion Dogs" and "Take It") and yearning pop ("The Bus Song") that has defined their earlier work, these new songs introduce an ever-expanding palette — shimmering and spacious synth-pop ("Remain"), glossy R&B ("Baybee") and slinky, polyrhythmic funk ("One More Time, Please"). Elsewhere, on "Bedhead," Jay Som plays with sound more dynamically, warping their guitars to feel distant and warbling, before slowly coming into focus just as Duterte's voice blooms on the lines "I'll take what's left of my strength and get on my feet again."
At times, Duterte writes extremely personally, ruminating over minute details of love, unfulfilling romances and the pangs of separation like flashes of memories flittering in front of your eyes. "Lipstick Stains" linger on close-up tactile touch and the warm caress of new love ("I like the way your lipstick stains the corner of my smile / How you brush my hair aside"), while "Baybee" recounts giving up part of yourself to salvage a relationship ("If I leave you alone when you don't feel right / I know we'll sink for sure.") Them songs can also be elusive, as on "The Bus Song," where abstract subtext about secrets and trust allows us to interpret deeper meaning ourselves. A song that seems to paint a portrait of two young friends sorting out if there's something more to their friendship, Duterte sings "Take time, we'll figure it out / I'll be the one who sticks around / And I just want you to lead me," as plinking piano chords, staticky guitar and a regal trumpet melody cascade behind them Later, she's more blunt and revealing, spinning their frayed angst and heartbreak into songs like "Take It," wherein Duterte tackles their depression, and then takes its power away by forcefully sneering "Is that all you've got?"
Jay Som might be an outlet to create art and songs out of their anxieties, but they also reach for grander themes of artistic ambition, identity and independence. Them gorgeous and messy intimacy has the capacity to forge connections with those who might be going through similar uncertainty and tough times. Luckily, Everybody Works assures us that with some dogged focus, things can work out.
Everybody Works is out March 10 on Polyvinyl Records.
William Kristol, who has been a leading voice in the #NeverTrump movement, met with Mitt Romney this week to try to persuade the 2012 Republican nominee to enter the presidential race as an independent candidate, or at least support an anti-Trump movement.
Kristol, editor of the conservative Weekly Standard magazine, met privately with Romney on Thursday, the Washington Post reported.
“He came pretty close to being elected president, so I thought they may consider doing it, especially since they have been very forthright in explaining why Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton should not be president of the United States,” Kristol said in an interview with the Post on Friday.
Kristol also asked for Romney's support in the event someone else chooses to run as an independent candidate.
“Obviously, if there were to be an independent candidacy, Romney's support would be very important,” Kristol said, according to the Post.
Romney spoke out against Trump in March, calling them a “phony” and a “fraud” in an attempt to convince Republicans not to vote for him.
While the former Massachusetts governor has said he's not interested in running as an independent candidate, they are also one of several Republican leaders who have said this week they won't support Trump—the presumptive GOP nominee—for president. Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan said they are not yet ready to support Trump, and former presidential candidate Jeb Bush said they could not support Trump's candidacy.
“I'm certainly going to be hoping that we find someone who I have my confidence in who becomes nominee,” Romney said at a dinner Thursday night, the Washington Examiner reported. “I don't intend on supporting either of the major party candidates at this point.”
Romney said they see “too much demagoguery and populism” from both parties at this point in time.
The right to not understand
As I'm finishing this post, it's nearing the end of Autism Acceptance Month, and almost Blogging Against Disablism Day (which is officially May 1), and the more I thought about getting around to writing it, the more I thought that it kind of stands at the intersection of those two things… acceptance of autism and disability, and opposition to prejudice based on disability.
We talk a lot during Autism Acceptance Month about the rights of autistic and disabled people to education, to employment opportunities, to accommodation and acceptance in public spaces. We talk a lot about our capabilities, and about what we understand about our experiences.
But I think that there needs to be an understood right of people—particularly young people—to not understand. And to not have that impact their right to access and to information.
Here are some examples of how what I'm talking about plays out:
My most-shared post is one in which I ask parents to tell their autistic kids that they are autistic. And every time it goes around, a certain number of people respond, pretty predictably, “But what if they don't understand?”
Or “He's too young to understand.”
Or “She's too much in their own little world to understand.”
Or “She doesn't look like they even notice she's different. They wouldn't understand.”
Or when we weigh in on issues of language preferences or sexual orientation or gender identity among autistic people, people say “My child can't dress himself; they would never even understand this debate.” Or “Well, you're fortunate to be able to understand your experience this way, but my child wouldn't.”
(Side note: There's a lot I still don't understand about gender identity. That doesn't make discussion of it unimportant or useless to me. That would still be true if I couldn't speak or type or dress myself…which I couldn't when I was the age those kids are now.)
Or we talk about the importance of learning-disabled kids having access to the same curriculum that their non-disabled classmates do, not only material judged to be on their own instructional level.
“But what if they don't understand” the same books as their classmates are reading?
Well, so what if they don't understand? How do you know if you don't let them even try? Is it the end of the world if you give someone a chance to engage with the same material as their age-mates and they don't understand?
They might not, but what if they did? What if they would, but you wouldn't even give them a shot?
We have to be allowed to not necessarily understand perfectly, not understand everything, not understand right away, or to try and not understand at all, without being declared forever incapable of understanding, if we're going to get a fair chance to understand. Those have to be acceptable possibilities.
We also might understand differently. We might understand something from an angle that you hadn't considered. We might understand something later. It is actually pretty common that we understand something suddenly, but after it's distilled for a long, long time.
That we have access to the information is important, the whole time, not only in the moment when we come to understand it. (Somebody tells me who here really understood, like, Huckleberry Finn, or A Wrinkle in Time, or To Kill a Mockingbird, the first time you read it? To say nothing of something like Hamlet? Here's a great essay about how practically everyone has spent many decades misunderstanding a well-known poem. Yet we don't preemptively decide of non-disabled students that they will not understand this poem, so they should not read it, even though chances are that they will not understand it. White people are famously having a hard time understanding Beyoncé's “Formation.” In my elementary school, we were taught to sing “This Land Is Your Land” in kindergarten, “Erie Canal” in second or third grade. I guarantee you that we did not understand what those songs are really about when we were five or seven or eight years old. I saw Peter, Paul, and Mary perform when I was about that age, too, and I did not understand “Blowin' in the Wind” or “We Shall Overcome.” Does that mean we should have been denied any knowledge of those works?)
And none of this means that it doesn't matter if information is presented to someone in a form that they can understand whenever possible, whether that means in simplified language, with pictures, subtitles, or in whatever way increases its accessibility. It means that preemptive assumptions about what someone will or won't understand aren't a reason to not even present them with the information (or discussion, or work of art, or material that the rest of their class is learning).
How are we supposed to wrestle with information we're not allowed access to? How are we supposed to ever understand if the fact that we don't understand is reason enough to keep us from the tools of understanding? Like, do you see the trap?
It starts to look like you don't, in fact, want us to understand.
Non-disabled people are presumed to be capable of learning from experience and becoming better informed over time. Part of that process is necessarily not understanding something at some point.
If the benchmark we have to meet to be given vital information about ourselves and our own lives is that there is no point at which we don't or can't understand it, that's a game we can never win, because that's not possible.
If whatever assumption somebody wants to make about whether we will or won't understand is enough to deny us the information that would allow us to exercise more informed control over our own lives…how are we ever supposed to gain the rights to information, or to greater autonomy?
Just don't be disabled?
And one major irony is that we write and write and write and write about the importance of knowing, of having language for our experiences, about what it means to be autistic, to be disabled, about the positives and the negatives, about the harm of compliance training, about the harm of indistinguishability as a therapy goal, about what acceptance does and doesn't mean—and the majority of non-disabled parents and professionals persist in not understanding. Often sincerely. But often willfully. A lot of people just struggle with what we're saying, but a lot of people keep intentionally twisting and misrepresenting what we say and hearing only what they're determined to hear.
And no one says that for the crime of not understanding, you forfeit your right to new information, or to information presented differently, or to any access to information, about yourself or the world, or your right to keep trying to understand, or to take time to process unfamiliar concepts.
Why is that?
My high school math teacher would say to us periodically, “Kids are always asking me, ‘when am I ever gonna use this?' And the answer is…probably never. But if you don't know it, then you definitely won't.”
If someone is given access to a discussion or a set of information, it's true, they might not understand it. They also might not be able to express what they do or don't understand. If they're not given access at all, they definitely won't.
Advertisements
Share this: Facebook
Email
Print
Twitter
Tumblr
Like this: Like Loading...
Permalink
Content originally published at iBankCoin.com
A right wing group was marching in Westlake (just north of Seattle), so naturally the leftists led by ANTIFA in Seattle attempted to disrupt their little shindig. As always, the masked men clad in black didn't fail to provide its audience with ample supplies of degeneracy and violence. Here are the lowlights. With a 'Go Back to Europe' flag in the background, an gentleman from the ANTIFA organization burned an American flag. Here they are trying to break through the police barrier of mountain bikes, most likely to say a few unkind words to the other gents in Westlake. They caught one! An evil alt-right racist was snagged by ANTIFA, so naturally they tried to rob them of their phone. Unable to break the barrier, ANTIFA resorted to third grade schoolyard assaults, spraying police with silly string. The police get fed up with having silly string sprayed on their officers and decide to reply with flash bangs into the crowd. Gameover.
From China Esports Magazine, fy talks about recent changes and games. Via UUU9 (couldn't find the direct link on CEA): http://dota2.uuu9.com/201506/492404.shtml
Q: In group A's matches your team went through with an undefeated record through four games, are you guys satisfied at the process and result?
fy: Advancing undefeated is certainly satisfying, because before the competition we hadn't thought about taking top spot, we felt that we might lose a game. Yet we won them all, we played pretty well.
Q: In the matches your team brought out quite a few lesser seen strategies, such as your support Spirit Breaker, and Super's Alchemist that we used to see so much of. Were you able to utilize the recent relative lull in tournaments to work out some newer strategies?
fy: Previously we'd been overseas quite a while playing in tournaments, and didn't have time to get used to the new version. After returning we practiced about a week, and we all felt much more at ease in games after this.
Q: Following this week's worth of practice your team has a much stronger understanding of the new version, so how do you rate this current version?
fy: I feel that countering the opposition is the most important thing, you have to look at what kind of lineup the opposition is playing. For example they play single-core, then you get dual-core, if they have dual-core then you go tri-core, if they're tri-core then you play four protect one.
Q: In the new version we've seen your team frequently playing a position 1 Leshrac, with pretty good results, can you analyze this hero for us?
fy: Leshrac's chances of getting picked in the first two picks are very high, because they can support, they can carry and they can mid. There's a lot of flexibility with the hero, so picking them during the first two picks means the opponents cannot really guess what your plans are with him. As for their strengths as a position 1, mainly it's their farming speed and strong teamfight, and in late game if they get Octarine Core then he's got very strong potential then as well.
Q: In recent times your team's form has fluctuated a bit, with many tournaments seeing your team placing below your desired results, what were the reasons behind this?
fy: A lot of it should be down to bad luck, previously we'd been overseas for a long while competing with no time to go practice, and the practice we had been able to do before that all had nothing to do with the new version, leading to us losing for that whole period of time.
Q: In this MDL tournament so far, it seems your team has rediscovered your form. What adjustments did you make?
fy: We will all typically discuss, we all shared our views on the new version, agglomerating all of our opinions. This includes thoughts on the first two rounds in drafts, and we formulated some thoughts on picks in contrast to before where we had no real thoughts on this stuff. In actual matches we just look at what opponents pick, then we go into countering that.
Q: According to tournament rules, group stage first place teams get to choose their opponents in the next round, which team out of group B would you most like to choose?
fy: After we talked about it we felt that picking CDEC might be a bit better, because in a tournament you will feel like you should play against whichever team you have the most confidence against.
Q: In group B it looks like Secret is basically invincible, yet at the same time LGD looks very good, so are these two teams VG's biggest opponents right now?
fy: Definitely, these two teams are both very strong. Apart from that, Empire is another wild card.
Q: Secret have gone back to their DAC form – seemingly invincible. What do you think makes them so strong?
fy: Their play style is very set, they utilize those strategies extremely well, and they have excellent individual skill and team understanding. And they handle early game details and teamfights very well.
Advertisements
White Hart Lane: Populous MD lifts the lid on the design of Tottenham's community-driven new stadium
The new White Hart Lane will be the largest club ground in London / Tottenham Hotspur
The people who live here should think,‘This is my club, I walk past it every day and I feel a part of it.' Creating an accessible public space is important commercially, but it's even more important socially
– Christopher Lee, Populous Managing Director The people who live here should think,‘This is my club, I walk past it every day and I feel a part of it.' Creating an accessible public space is important commercially, but it's even more important socially
The architect masterminding a new home for English football team Tottenham Hotspur – billed by the Premier League club as “the most unique sports and entertainment destination in Europe” – has lifted the lid on how the stadium will create an important hub for the local community.
Speaking to CLAD during a tour of the construction site, Christopher Lee, managing director of stadium architects Populous, said the key driver of the £750m (US$992.8m, €865.7m) White Hart Lane project is to create “a civic building that is physically and emotionally knitted into the local community.”
A plaza to the south of the 61,000-capacity ground will host restaurants, street food stalls, cheese-making shops, five-a-side pitches and a microbrewery producing one million pints of craft beer a year. There will also be a museum dedicated both to the club and the local area and an extreme sports centre featuring Europe's highest climbing wall and a seven-storey diving tank. According to the club, the entire development will create 3,500 jobs and pump £293m (US$360.5m, €338.2m) into the local economy each year.
“Currently Tottenham doesn't have a centre,” said Lee. “So we're creating a space the size of Trafalgar Square that will be open 24 hours a day, linking the east and west side of the stadium.
“The great thing about football clubs is we, the fans, own them. The people who live here should think, ‘This is my club, I walk past it every day and I feel a part of it.' Creating an accessible public space is important commercially, but it's even more important socially.
“Someone from the club told me that our competition for this stadium isn't the Emirates [the stadium of Tottenham's bitter rival Arsenal, which was also designed by Populous]. Our competition is the local High Street. The aim is to get fans to come in and to come in earlier, to dine with us and to experience the stadium. On many levels this approach to the community is the thing that's changed most in the last 15 years of stadium design.”
Lee explained how the design team have drawn inspiration from the old stadiums of England and Europe to create a facility with an electric match-day atmosphere. A tight atmospheric bowl, which places spectators in the north and south stands just 5m (16.4ft) away from the action, and the addition of a 17,000-seat single-tier stand – the largest in the UK – will generate ‘a wall of sound' that reverberates around the ground. Meanwhile, the acousticians who work on U2's concerts have also been involved in optimising the sound within the stadium bowl.
“One of the things Daniel Levy [the chairperson] was scared of was creating a generic stadium,” said Lee. “He wanted something with character and personality. The old White Hart Lane is such a lovely stadium and so quirky in its nuance. We wanted to incorporate the best bits of traditional English stadiums. That drove the thinking around the single tier, the steepness and the proximity of it all. Daniel would sacrifice various things most clients wouldn't in order to say, ‘Can we make this closer to the pitch?'”
The new stadium will include several other innovative features. The biggest is its retractable 22 tonne grass fields, which in 40 minutes can make way for an artificial pitch below to be used for concerts and National Football League fixtures – of which at least two will be held every year for a decade as part of a partnership negotiated by the club and the US league.
For fans with extra money in their pockets, Tottenham has announced the stadium will feature a purpose-built glass-walled Tunnel Club, which allows guests a behind-the-scenes view of the players' tunnel, and a range of bespoke suites, bars and loges of varying degrees of luxury.
Construction on one section of the ground is progressing. At the end of the current season, the existing stadium will be demolished to make way for the remainder of the new White Hart Lane. When complete in late 2018, it will be the largest club arena in London.
Tottenham is not the only new Premier League club building a new stadium. City rival Chelsea recently had its application to construct a new £500m (US$615m, €577m) home approved by the local council. Herzog & de Meuron have designed that 60,000-capacity venue.
After years of delays and cost overruns, the James Webb Space Telescope is finally coming together. This week the 18th and final primary mirror segment of the telescope was installed onto the support structure at Goddard Space Flight Center. From here, additional optics must be installed, and the telescope requires testing to ensure it can withstand the forces of a rocket launch anticipated in late 2018.
Each of the hexagon-shaped mirrors weighs 40 kg and spans 1.3 meters. After launch, the telescope will be flown to the second Lagrange point of the Earth-Sun system, about 1.5 million kilometers from Earth. From there, it will begin observations. When deployed in space, the telescope will have a 6.5-meter diameter.
"Completing the assembly of the primary mirror is a very significant milestone and the culmination of over a decade of design, manufacturing, testing, and now assembly of the primary mirror system," said Lee Feinberg, optical telescope element manager at Goddard. "There is a huge team across the country who contributed to this achievement."
It has been a long road. First conceived in 1996 as a successor to the Hubble Space Telescope, the Webb's original budget called for just $500 million in funding. That amount has ballooned to $8.8 billion due to cost overruns and delays, sparking widespread criticism from Congress as well as scientists from other fields who have seen NASA's science budget squeezed to accommodate increased funding.
However, once the instrument flies it should provide an unprecedented view of the universe. Significantly larger than the 2.4-meter Hubble telescope, the Webb will observe primarily in the near-infrared region of the spectrum. Its primary goals include searching for light from the universe's first stars and better understanding the formation of galaxies and planetary systems.
As Iran has stepped up military support for its increasingly beleaguered ally Bashar al-Assad, new faces have been appearing on the Syrian battlefield: Afghans.
Reports from opposition fighters and civilians on the ground in southern Syria paint a picture of an increasingly internationalised government fighting force. According to opposition and independent monitoring sources, up to 80 percent of loyalist fighters on the ground in Dera'a province are not from the Syrian Arab Army or from Syria's National Defence Forces, but are instead from abroad.
Shia fighters from Iran, Iraq, Lebanon and even Yemen have become a common sight in southern Syria, but lately, militants, civilians and Syria-watchers report a surge in Afghan fighters, particularly Afghan Hazaras from the Fatemioun Brigade.
Qassem Soleimani, Iran's top general, was photographed in Syria in late February with some members of the brigade, all of whom have since been killed.
According to Syrian opposition media, the man second from the right was killed while fighting in Lajat, Dera'a province, on 20 April. Issam al-Rayyes, spokesperson for the opposition Southern Front, said there were “several dead Afghans” at Busra al-Harir, and “five or six” killed at Lajat.
Syrian activists and opposition media are awash with photos and videos of Afghan fighters being killed, captured and in one case, questioned about their origins and whether they speak Arabic or are “made in China”.
Five days after rebels fighting in Lajat captured a man, they resurfaced in an activist video taking part in a dance lesson with Sunni fighters, drinking and smoking as they answered questions.
Another widely-circulated photo, taken from a mobile phone captured by Syrian opposition fighters after fighting in Lajat, Dera'a, shows the Fatemioun Brigade mustered for that very battle just days before.
Lebanese news media featured a formal questioning of the Afghan fighters who survived the battle and were captured.
Notable increase
Phillip Smyth, a prominent researcher of Shia militant groups, has documented evidence of Afghan Shia fighters in Syria as early as October 2012. They have observed a notable increase of these fighters in recent weeks and months.
“It's symbolic of how the Iranians are using them as another force of Shia fighters to supplement the foreign fighters initially brought in from Iraq,” they said.
According to Smyth, Iran instituted a comprehensive recruitment program for Afghan Shiites in late 2013. This programme gathered speed in 2014, and has been used to complement Hezbollah's role in Syria.
“Lebanese Hezbollah has been doing a lot of the heavy lifting in Syria, especially recently, and they're trying to recruit enough people and take charge of larger geographic zones of responsibility. In many ways, the addition of these Afghan Shia fighters helps aid with that process,” Smyth said.
The timing of the surge comes down to a weakening Syrian Arab Army and a change in the weather.
“As the snow melts, conditions throughout Syria and parts of Lebanon get better for Syrian rebel and Sunni jihadist forces. Thus more fighters are needed to counter those developments. The Hazara Shia, which make up a very large population and were primarily made refugees by groups such as the Taliban, form a perfect group to utilize in a sectarian war in Syria,” said Smyth.
Hazaras are the third-largest ethnic group in Afghanistan and are mainly Twelvers, the largest branch of Shia Islam. The men fighting in Syria are ideologically motivated - they are Shiite militants defending their faith against Sunni militants - and rebel spokesperson al-Rayyes said this is evident on the battlefield: “These guys fight to the death, they are ready to die.”
But ideological motivations don't tell the whole story. The Hazaras are widely regarded as the underdog, caste-wise, to the Pashtun people. Many Hazaras have fled to Iran and are living there as refugees, where they are “second-class citizens”, said Iran commentator Potkin Azarmehr.
“Most of the Afghan Hazaras in Syria were refugees in Iran, and they're lured by the rewards they get in Iran, which include permanent residence in Iran for them and their families,” said Azarmehr.
Powerful enticements
The men are also well armed and well compensated. In a recent interview one Fatemioun member disclosed the group's rate of pay: between $500 and $700 per month, astronomically high on a battlefield where many professional soldiers are taking home much less. Even among the US-backed rebel groups operating in Syria's south, most men are reported to be making under $100 per month.
For people who, in Azarmehr's words, are used to being “persona non grata”, income like this and the reward of legal status can prove powerful enticements. And for the Syrian government, on the back foot in Idlib, Quneitra and Dera'a provinces, a well-equipped fighting force of men prepared to die for their faith, handsomely paid by a long-time ally, makes perfect sense.
But as Afghans stream into Syria by the hundreds and thousands, joining Iranians, Lebanese and Iraqi Shia fighting in a Hezbollah and Iranian-led offensive based less on the nation-state and more and more on faith, the question becomes how quickly and easily, if at all, Assad will be able to exert authority over the foreign boots on ground that is, ostensibly, still his.
There are well-trod paths upon which we walk with our hot takes, and few bear more footprints and torch oil drippings than Julio Jones, their potential extension and their place with the Atlanta Falcons.
Mark Bradley, who I respect a great deal, is the latest to tackle the question of Jones' contract extension. Bradley's argument is essentially that you do not need to overpay for a receiver, because teams do not need great receivers to win in the NFL. It's an argument I'm receptive to up to a point, but my counter-argument would start here: You need great players to win in the NFL, and Julio Jones is one of the precious few on this roster.
The problem is that the notion of replacing Julio Jones' production via a draft pick, free agent or two is magical thinking. The Falcons' receiving corps currently consists of Jones, Roddy White, Harry Douglas and Devin Hester (all over the age of 30), and no one remotely proven behind them. This is a team without a tight end, with an aging Steven Jackson and young, unproven Devonta Freeman at running back, plus an offensive line . Jones and Matt Ryan are the only truly top-tier players left on this offense, and by subtracting Jones from the equation, you wind up with only one. A couple of weeks ago I talked about putting Ryan in a position to succeed by providing them with as much help as possible, something many seemed to agree with. Letting Jones go would be tantamount to punting that strategy.
To replace Jones, you'd need to make up not just 104 catches for 1,593 yards and 6 touchdowns, but the effect Julio's presence has on opposing defenses. You may well be able to add a free agent and draft pick who together could approximate that production, but they're not particularly likely to command double teams unless you invest significant resources in said receiver(s). Jones does command that attention now, and the lack of production from other receivers when teams are bracketing them with a safety says more about them than it does Jones.
The only good argument for not bringing Jones back has to do with dangling them in a trade and bringing back significant resources for the front office and Dan Quinn to rebuild a team with major holes. If the Falcons could swing a true blockbuster deal that gave them multiple draft picks and/or players, then obviously I'd at least be amenable to listening, as I would hope the team would be. But I fear that with the glut of promising young rookie receivers, that kind of package just wouldn't be forthcoming for Jones, and swapping them out for one first rounder is pointless when you'd likely need to sink that pick back into a receiver to help replace their production.
Besides, this Falcons team does not exist in a vacuum. They paid handsomely to move up and select Jones, and injuries aside, he's been every bit the receiver the Falcons hoped for, as well as a major draw for the fanbase even in a pair of disappointing years. The old saw about winning trumping everything else has a certain amount of merit, but like it or not, fans still flock to see stars. Julio Jones is a star, and the Falcons would need to be convinced they could get back not just assets in a trade, but some of the same wattage Julio brings. That's far from guaranteed.
Fans are weirdly averse to watching their teams spend big money on star players, one of the few times where your average NFL enthusiast is eager to distribute wealth to many and not a few. We saw this with Matt Ryan's contract, with some maintaining that it's actively hurting the team despite the Falcons' robust cap space the last two seasons since the extension was inked, and we'll see it again with Julio. If the team was in danger of destroying its cap space for years to come, then a deal wouldn't happen. But if you look around the NFL, you'll see that teams continuously manage to open up cap space and remain competitive, even the ones who sink tons of money into truly terrible contracts. Non-guaranteed contracts mean you're very rarely hamstrung.
If the question is whether Jones is deserving of an extension given their production and role in the offense, and whether the Falcons are going to pay the man handsomely and still have the financial wherewithal to attract free agents and sign their draft picks, the answer is a simple yes.
But the fact of the matter is that the Donbas is an economic black hole; it is a drain on Ukraine's resources, it happens to be home to the most retrograde part of the population, not because they are Russians or Russian speakers, but because they are the equivalent of American southerners who supported racism and Jim Crow [laws]. And last but not least it is home to the Party of Regions and the Communist Party, that's where their bases are.
So objectively if one were to imagine Ukraine without these two or three provinces, the economy would automatically improve, the politics would automatically improve, Ukraine would automatically become more democratic, richer, more prosperous, and stable. I also think that despite the fact that members of the Party of Regions or the Yanukovych regime or regional leaders from these areas—with the exception perhaps of Crimea—are constantly threatening to secede, I don't think that they seriously mean it.
Why don't they mean it?
Because they know and I know that an independent or a semi-independent Donbas would be a hellhole. It would be an economic mess. It's a rustbelt and the only reason it survives is because it can essentially shake down Kiev and get money for its infrastructure and survival. So they're using this as a cudgel. So my argument is quite simply, that if and when push comes to shove and they decide to use this as a threat again, the democrats if they come to power should call their bluff. "You want to leave, go ahead." I am certain that they won't. But at the same time if they did leave, and this is where the argument gets too subtle by half, I'd say the democrats should say "OK, go. You want to be a third-world country."
But isn't the Donbas region where most of Ukraine's industry and a lot of its capital is based?
Statistically there's been an interesting study on this. You can find this on the Internet and there's a link in the article, which shows exactly which provinces are providing more money into the budget and which provinces are actually a drain on the budget. It's a statistical study done by economists with no particular axes to grind. It shows quite distinctly that Luhansk and Donetsk, the Donbas, are a drain on the budget.
This is despite the claims made by people in the region who are still very much into this kind of Soviet belief that they feed the entire Soviet Union. This is despite their claims that they are subsidizing Ukraine. That's not true, Ukraine is subsidizing them. Ukraine is also subsidizing many of the western Ukrainian provinces, by the way, but there the subsidies are of smaller magnitude.
The other thing to keep in mind is that, yes, there is industry there and much of it is world class. But it is also a rust belt. Significant portions of the Donbas literally from an economic point of view should be closed down. They are not profit-making and never will be profit-making unless one invests trillions of dollars and those trillions of dollars are simply not forthcoming.
Donald Trump closed out last week by rumbling back into their battle against James Comey, who was FBI director until POTUS fired him. In the morning, they celebrated Comey's Senate testimony as a "complete vindication" on Twitter. In the afternoon, Trump flat-out called them a liar — in the Rose Garden, no less.
When a reporter asked Trump if they would testify about their version of events "under oath" with the Justice Department's special counsel in the Russia probe, Robert Mueller, the president said, "One hundred percent." And Trump elaborated, "I would be glad to tell them exactly what I just told you."
Well, that's interesting.
A decade ago, my lawyers questioned Trump under oath during a deposition in a libel case they filed against me for a biography I wrote, "TrumpNation." (Trump lost the case in 2011.) Trump had to acknowledge 30 times during that deposition that they had lied over the years about a wide range of issues: their ownership stake in a large Manhattan real estate development, the cost of a membership to one of their golf clubs, the size of the Trump Organization, their wealth, the rate for their speaking appearances, how many condos they had sold, the debt they owed, and whether they borrowed money from their family to stave off personal bankruptcy.
Trump's propensity for lying was also on display throughout the 2016 presidential campaign. They said that they had opposed the Iraq War when they hadn't; they lied about their stances on climate change and the national debt; they lied about various insults they had hurled at women; they lied about who had endorsed him; they lied about how much money their father had given them over the years, and on, and on.
A loose relationship with the facts has also plagued Team Trump in the White House. Kellyanne Conway, Sean Spicer, Stephen Miller, Mick Mulvaney, Reince Preibus and, of course, Michael Flynn, have all been caught peddling blather or lies in the course of carrying out their civic duties.
Trump's own lawyer, Marc Kasowitz, has had problems getting their facts straight, too. (Kasowitz represented Trump when the president sued me in 2006.) In a press release littered with errors and a misspelled title for Trump ("Predisent"), Kasowitz last week accused Comey of trying to undermine the White House by leaking information about their conversations with the president.
Kasowitz also said that Comey lied when testifying that they shared information about their conversations with the president only after Trump tweeted that they might have made tapes of the same conversations. Yet, Kasowitz claimed, the New York Times had published an article about the Comey-Trump conversations prior to Trump's tweet. Kasowitz was wrong, however. The Times' first article about the conversations appeared on May 16, four days after Trump tweeted: "James Comey better hope that there are no 'tapes' of our conversations before they start leaking to the press! 8:26 AM - 12 May 2017"
And what about those tapes? Trump revived speculation about hidden White House tapes again on Friday, suggesting in the Rose Garden that they will advise the world about whether they exist in the "very near future."
I don't think any tapes exist. Trump told me and other reporters over the years that they had a taping system in their Trump Tower office that they used to record journalists meeting with him. But when they testified under oath in the deposition for their suit against me, Trump acknowledged that they were "not equipped to tape-record."
There's another odd aspect to all of the back-and-forth about Trump's multiple conversations with Comey: The president apparently never inquired about the substance of the FBI's Russia investigation. That has prompted a former law enforcement professional and others to say that it reveals a troubling disregard for national security on the president's part (which it does). Others noted that it also suggests that Trump may have already known quite a bit about the Russian affair — and therefore had few questions for Comey.
"The innocent ask a multitude of questions about what the detectives know, or why the cops might think X or Y or whether Z happened to the victim," former police reporter and creator of "The Wire," David Simon, noted in a pair of Twitter posts. "The guilty forget to inquire. They know."
House Speaker Paul Ryan said that Trump deserves a pass for strong-arming Comey because "the president is new at this" in Washington and he's "learning as they go." But positioning the nation's capital as a complicated place for unwary newcomers doesn't hold much water for the president, who turns 71 in two days. In fact, Trump is not new at this at all — he's been directly lobbying and strong-arming regulators and law enforcement officials for decades.
Trump is the man, after all, who coined the term "truthful hyperbole" as a euphemism for lying in their 1987 non-fiction work of fiction, "The Art of the Deal." Thirty years later, he's still up to their old tricks.
The difference now, of course, is that Trump is president. And in James Comey he's collided with a seasoned, wily law enforcement official who opened the investigative door for Robert Mueller and cleared a path for them to bring the full force of the law to bear on the White House.
"I can definitively say the president is not a liar," Sarah Huckabee Sanders, a White House spokesperson, said on Friday in response to a question about whether it is Trump or Comey who is lying.
But now that the president themselves has invited the broader Russia probe and the Justice Department into the Oval Office we won't have to take Sanders' word for it — Mueller is going to help answer the question.
Bloomberg View
Timothy O'Brien is the executive editor of Bloomberg Gadfly and Bloomberg View. They have been an editor and writer for the New York Times, the Wall Street Journal, HuffPost and Talk magazine. Their books include "TrumpNation: The Art of Being The Donald."
RELATED ARTICLES:
Donald Trump's palpable fear of the truth
Trump is a profoundly incompetent president
September wasn't a smooth month to be a future Hall of Fame quarterback. The Patriots' offense is caving in around Tom Brady in New England. Drew Brees leads a New Orleans Saints' offense that can't win on the road and is average in points scored. Aaron Rodgers was so out of synch in Green Bay that they were forced to tell Packers fans to R-E-L-A-X.
These are the equivalent of first-world problems at the quarterback position. Let's call them first-tier problems because that's what this week's Quarterback Index is all about: Ranking every quarterback on this season's play alone.
Brady, Brees and Rodgers didn't forget how to play the position, but every season brings new challenges and realities. Nothing is static in the NFL, which is part of the reason we all love it. That's why all three all-time greats are ranked lower than they were in our preseason rankings. There's a note at the bottom of the column about how the rankings are determined but let's get on with the show.
Top Shelf
1. Philip Rivers
2. Peyton Manning
3. Matt Ryan
4. Andrew Luck
5. Aaron Rodgers
6. Drew Brees
Rex Ryan is right: Rivers is an early leader for MVP, although J.J. Watt would get my vote. Rivers has carried over their sharpshooting consistency from a season ago with a few more deep throws mixed in. Their performance in a victory over the Seattle Seahawks was a triumph of patience and precision against a historic defense. So many quarterbacks feel the pass rush more as they get older, but Rivers is still the best at delivering awkwardly under pressure or finding a way to buy that extra second. They don't get bothered. And he's done it this year with a lackluster running game and offensive line.
Peyton Manning continues to push the boundaries of what can be accomplished with a weakening arm. The Broncos aren't as explosive this season, but they limit mistakes. They make greatness a bit boring. ... Rodgers remains this high because their performance against Chicago was as good as any quarterback has looked all year. They can make five to six throws in a game that other quarterbacks can't, even when they are not exactly scripted. Even their "off" weeks don't include many bad passes.
Ryan played my highest graded game by a quarterback this year in Week 1 and added two more very good performances (vs. Tampa and Minnesota). With three starting offensive linemen out, Ryan's improved athleticism outside the pocket will be tested. He's making more plays on the move. ... Luck can get wild occasionally, but they have as much pure talent as any quarterback since Rodgers. Their last two games (against poor competition) have been close to perfect. The Colts are finally handing over the offense to him. ... Bree has played well, but he's been just off during some big moments. I wondered if my grading was fair and saw they were ranked 10th thus far in QBR, ESPN's misunderstood and useful stat. The Saints haven't been as explosive.
Next Level
7. Ben Roethlisberger
8. Matthew Stafford
9. Cam Newton
10. Joe Flacco
11. Russell Wilson
Stafford's advanced metrics rankings mirror their steady play. He's listed either seventh or eighth by Football Outsiders, Pro Football Focus and QBR. He's making smarter decisions mixed with better movement. He's always been able to take a hit and deliver. Coach Jim Caldwell said their first priority was to improve Stafford's footwork, and it seems to be paying off. But we've been fooled by Stafford's progress before and want to see where this goes from here.
Newton is not adding any running value after ankle surgery, yet he's played well. He's been more consistently accurate and better going down the field. Their offensive line, running game and defense have been the problems. ... Flacco looks so much better this season. Even their weak statistical games, like the win over Pittsburgh, included sharp play. It's amazing what an offensive line can do.
Roethlisberger is the same as they ever are, which is a great sign for a player who many expected to decline early. He's completing more safe passes than ever, but still mixes in some deep beauties. ... Wilson still sometimes misses open receivers and leaves the pocket too quickly. They haven't taken that next step many expected before the season.
The next level after that
12. Eli Manning
13. Tony Romo
14. Alex Smith
15. Jay Cutler
16. Colin Kaepernick
17. Tom Brady
18. Andy Dalton
This sounds almost condescending, but Eli has been a pleasant surprise the last three weeks. It's been a rare stretch of solid and predictable play from Manning without crazy highs or lows. (Although the first half against Washington was sweet.) ... Romo has been rather different with two poor starts followed by vastly improved play. Their performance against New Orleans was electric. They have more support around them than ever. ... Throw out the Week 1 nightmare against Tennessee, and Alex Smith has kept up their second-half surge from a year ago. Against Miami, I charted only one bad pass the entire game. And only one pass over 10 yards. That's hard to do. As Chris Wesseling has said, the more you watch Alex Smith, the more you like him.
Culter remains the ultimate enigmatic "Yeah, but" player, with the current excuse being they haven't had Alshon Jeffery or Brandon Marshall truly healthy since Week 1. ... Kaepernick has mostly struggled since a sterling opener. Even in the 49ers' win over Philadelphia, they were mostly disappointing. They mix in a few great plays with head scratchers like when they throw the ball away with no pressure around them or doesn't see open receivers. It looks like the game hasn't slowed down for him.
Brady has played like a quarterback too aware of their teammates' limitations, and their own. The offensive line has been dreadful. It's strange to see the Patriots so cautious and afraid to make mistakes. ... I went back over all my notes to make sure I wasn't unfair to Dalton. But there's a reason he's No. 21 in QBR; he's not the reason Cincinnati is winning games. Their best plays are dumpoffs and screens. He's actually missed a high percentage of mid-to-deep throws that were available. Dalton has done a nice job limiting mistakes, but they need more than two to three nice plays per game to truly climb.
After Dalton
19. Austin Davis
20. Nick Foles
21. Kirk Cousins
22. Carson Palmer/Drew Stanton
23. Ryan Tannehill
24. Brian Hoyer
This ranking might look silly in a few months, but Davis has legitimately looked like he's belonged for 2.5 starts. He's made more "wow" throws down the field than we'd ever expect considering their relatively weak arm. ... Cousins struggled to close against Philadelphia, and crumbled when things got rough against New York. We need to see more. ... Stanton, like Palmer, can pull off some gorgeous deep passes. The Cardinals just might be able to contend with him. ... Foles doesn't deserve to be any higher based strictly on their 2014 play. Their Week 1 was a nightmare, and they were all over the place in Week 2. He's either missed seeing open receivers or missed them with inaccurate passes. No other player has more misleading numbers. ... Tannehill quieted controversy with a great game against Oakland, but we have no idea what's coming after Miami's bye. ... Hoyer makes just enough throws each week to make you think the next week could be better.
End Game
25. Matt Cassel
26. Ryan Fitzpatrick
27. Geno Smith
28. Jake Locker
29. Josh McCown
30. Derek Carr
31. EJ Manuel
32. Chad Henne
Fitzpatrick has cut down on their gunslinger ways just enough to stay out of the way. ... Geno Smith has taken too much blame for the Jets' slow start, and we still believe they will climb out of this tier soon enough. (Right after they stop the three to four mind-numbing decisions that sink each game.) ... Locker still can't throw straight or stay healthy. ... McCown turned back into McCown from their previous decade. ... Carr showed some promise considering the circumstances. ... Manuel's benching was an act of mercy. The same goes for Henne.
Why weren't these guys starting in Week 1 again?
On the rankings: I watch as many games as possible on Game Rewind during the week. It winds up being at least three out of every four games played. I chart goofy things like bad passes, completions under pressure and big plays. I have a wildly imperfect and largely subjective grading system. I try to account for opponents, mix that all up in a stew, and then adjust for sanity. Of course this is all subjective, like any power rankings or opinion. It's meant to be made in a vacuum of a quarterback's play for this year only.
The latest Around The NFL Podcast previews "Thursday Night Football" and discusses the biggest surprises in the season's first quarter. Find more Around The NFL content on NFL Now.
Wikipedia and Wikimedia projects are among the most visited repositories of human knowledge. They are also a unique source of data for understanding how we collaborate to create that knowledge, access it and share it with others.
The Wikimedia Foundation's Research and Data Team has recently published a number of open data sets about Wikimedia projects, making them freely available to everyone – researchers, developers and community members – under a CC0 license. These aggregate data sets were collected to show general trends about how people use Wikimedia projects and do not include any personal information about users, as required by Wikimedia's privacy policy.
We invite you to turn this data into useful insights, applications and visualizations, and help our communities and projects thrive. If you have any questions on these releases, feel free to reach out to the Research and Data team via the Analytics mailing list or our #wikimedia-research channel on IRC.
Dario Taraborelli
Senior Research Scientist, Research and Data Team Lead
Wikimedia Foundation
Open Data Sets
Scholarly citations in Wikipedia
A data set of citations to scholarly articles in the English Wikipedia. Includes all citations with DOIs and PubMed identifiers added to Wikipedia articles as of the most recent content dump.
Halfaker, A., Taraborelli, D. (2015). Scholarly article citations in Wikipedia. figshare.
doi:10.6084/m9.figshare.1299540
Wikipedia clickstream
This data set shows how people get to a Wikipedia article and what links they click on next. The most recent release captures 22 million pairs (referer, resource), extracted from a total of 3.2 billion requests to the English Wikipedia. We wrote a step-by-step tutorial and IPython notebook to get you started with this data.
Wulczyn, E., Taraborelli, D. (2015). Wikipedia Clickstream. figshare.
doi:10.6084/m9.figshare.1305770
Browser choices of Wikimedia users
This data set provides statistics on the top browsers and platforms used by readers and editors on Wikimedia projects, obtained from the Wikimedia HTTP request logs during a 90-day window. You can also explore this data online via this application.
Keyes, O. (2015). Browser Choices of Wikimedia Readers and Editors. figshare.
doi:10.6084/m9.figshare.1326739
Where in the world is Wikipedia?
This data set includes the proportion of traffic to Wikimedia projects originating from a specific country, computed from all HTTP requests collected over the course of 2014. You can also explore this data online via this application.
Keyes, O. (2015). Geographic Distribution of Wikimedia Traffic. figshare.
doi:10.6084/m9.figshare.1317408
Nov 27 (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel's conservatives agreed a coalition deal with the centre-left Social Democrats (on Wednesday, including a raft of energy policies that will be among the new government's priorities.
Europe's biggest economy is in the midst of shifting away from fossil fuels and nuclear energy and embracing green energy sources.
Below are details of energy policies outlined in the deal:
RENEWABLE POWER TARGETS
* Power generated from renewable sources will be increased to 40-45 percent of total production by 2025 and to 55-60 percent by 2035. The ranges will be set in law. They effectively introduce limits on green power, whereas previously only minimum goals were fixed.
* They compare with the current level of 25 percent and the government's previous targets of at least 35 percent by 2020 and at least 50 percent by 2030.
RENEWABLE ENERGY LAW REFORM
* The coalition will amend Germany's renewable energy law (EEG), which outlines the level of incentives offered to green power producers and costs consumers about 20 billion euros ($27.1 billion) via a surcharge on their electricity bills. The government wants to make Germany's transition to renewable energy more affordable and aims to have the law passed by the summer of 2014.
RENEWABLE ENERGY SUPPORT PAYMENTS
* Feed-in tariffs, the higher price paid by consumers for renewable energy, will be cut for new onshore wind power units in many regions where production is high.
* Tariffs supporting photovoltaic power will be unchanged. The government has already put a solar cap of 52 gigawatts (GW) in place, above which there will no longer be any support payments. Solar capacity is already at around 35 GW.
* For offshore wind, the target of installing 10 GW by 2020 has been scaled back to a more realistic 6.5 GW. A degression model that enables operators to get financial help quicker in the early years of a park's development will be extended until 2019. The goal for 2030 is 15 GW, down from 25 GW.
* Operators of renewable plants will have to market their green energy directly to consumers from 2017, instead of relying on an automatic surcharge to fund the gap between wholesale market prices and the higher tariff.
EXEMPTIONS FOR INDUSTRY
* The government will review special breaks enjoyed by some 2,300 companies that do not have to pay renewable energy surcharges.
ENERGY SAVINGS/EFFICIENCY
* Reducing power consumption will be a crucial part of Germany's energy transition. The government will support households in buying low-energy appliances and give tax breaks for installing insulation. No targets are stated in the coalition deal.
CAPACITY MARKETS/CONVENTIONAL POWER GENERATION
* To help ensure a reliable supply of power, a capacity-based system, which would benefit fossil-fuel biased energy firms such as E.ON and RWE, will be developed in the medium term.
NETWORK EXPANSION
* The parties agreed that new transmission lines are needed to bring power from remote areas to centres of consumption and said resistance from local residents must be overcome. They said the grid also needs to be modernised.
CO2 EMISSIONS TARGETS
* Germany wants to reduce its CO2 emissions by at least 40 percent from 1990 levels.
CARBON TRADING
* The deal signals that Germany could support EU plans to withhold some CO2 certificates to prop up carbon prices but states that any such measures must be a one-off intervention.
FRACKING
* The parties agreed to a moratorium on shale gas fracking due to safety concerns.
Preview | Recap | Notebook
Knicks-Heat Preview
By TAYLOR BECHTOLD
Posted Apr 02 2013 12:06PM The New York Knicks have the NBA's longest active winning streak and are one of only three teams with a winning record against the Miami Heat. While the Heat will be short-handed, they should have plenty of extra incentive when the rivals wrap up their season series Tuesday night in Miami. The defending champion Heat (58-15) sit alone atop the NBA after winning 29 of 30 and have built a sizable advantage over division leaders New York (46-26) and Indiana in the Eastern Conference. Even with LeBron James, Dwyane Wade and Mario Chalmers sitting out, Miami moved closer to securing home-court advantage throughout the playoffs Sunday when Chris Bosh hit the go-ahead 3-pointer with 1.9 seconds left in an 88-86 victory at West-leading San Antonio. The absences of James (hamstring), Wade (ankle) and Chalmers (ankle) takes some of the luster off this contest, but the Heat have been able to play well with makeshift lineups. James missed their first game Sunday, and the Heat are 6-1 without Wade. "We are the defending champs no matter who we put out there," Bosh said. "We are still the Miami Heat. We believe in ourselves. Each one of these guys is a professional." Since Miami's 27-game winning streak came to end in Chicago on Wednesday, New York has owned the league's top winning streak. The Knicks extended their run to eight with a 108-89 home victory over Boston on Sunday. They also took another step toward their first Atlantic Division title in 19 years by taking a 4 1/2-game lead on second-place Brooklyn. "I think we're just clicking at the right time," swingman Iman Shumpert said. "Going in the playoffs, everybody's got a different focus. Guys got a little more pep in their step and everybody's locked in." The Knicks haven't won nine in a row since winning 15 straight during the 1993-94 season and they'll face their toughest test of the streak against the Heat, who have the league's second-best home record at 32-3. Miami has already wrapped up its third straight Southeast Division title and home-court advantage in the East. The Heat will try to earn a split of the season series after dropping the first two by 20 points each and rallying to win the last meeting 99-93 in New York on March 3. The Pacers and Bulls are also 2-1 against Miami this season. The Heat will have to find a way to replace James' season averages of 27.7 points, 9.3 rebounds and 7.0 assists against the Knicks. Bosh, however, has scored 13.3 per game while shooting 35.7 percent. New York has limited opponents to 91.5 points per game during its streak and has held the Heat to 91.7 - 11.6 below their season average. Carmelo Anthony missed the Knicks' 112-92 victory in Miami on Dec. 6 because of a lacerated finger. He's averaged 34.5 points in their last four games against the Heat, including the 2012 playoffs. Knicks All-Star center Tyson Chandler, who has missed the past 10 games with a neck injury, is expected to be a game-time decision. The Knicks have scored 107.8 per game and hit 41.1 percent from 3-point range over their last five contests. They'll likely have a difficult time matching that production against a Miami defense that has limited opponents to an average of 82.3 points and 24.6 percent shooting from beyond the arc in its last three at home. The Heat have won nine of 11 meetings in Miami, including three victories in last year's playoffs.
Copyright 2013 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited Copyright 2013 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited
Anthony scores 50 as Knicks beat Heat 102-90
By TIM REYNOLDS
Copyright 2013 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited Copyright 2013 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited
German public official resigns with email telling 500 co-workers they haven't done a day's work in 14 years and earned £600,000 without lifting a finger
'Since 1998, I was present but not really there. So I'm going to be well prepared for retirement – Adieu,' they wrote.
A retiring German public servant has signed off from work by emailing their 500 fellow staff to tell them that they had not done anything for 14 years.
The 65-year-old's final words in the job were to crow over colleagues and say they had earned more than £600,000 without lifting a finger.
'Since 1998, I was present but not really there. So I'm going to be well prepared for retirement – Adieu,' they wrote.
But naively they did not think this would leave the office in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia, but the e-mail was leaked to the press.
Lazy: The cheeky officer worker admitted they did not do any work for 14 years and earned £600,000 in the process (posed by model)
'I do not wish to say anything else,' they told their local paper when confronted on their Minden doorstep, 'That email was not intended for public view,' they added.
The unnamed man, who has worked as a surveyor since 1974 said the situation was all the council's fault because they employed two people to do one job and their colleague just did it all.
'Of course, I well benefited from the freedom that came by to me,' they said.
Anger: The 65-year-old worked in Minden, pictured, and the town's mayor has admitted they have raged over the e-mail
They added that the computers they were expected to use were useless.
But angry Mayor of Minden, Volker Fleige, has admitted to feeling a 'good dose of rage' when the e-mail was passed on to him.
The employee had not once complained about not having enough to do during their 38 years of employment, they said.
or if you'd prefer you can also buy it for the same price from:
If you've been waiting for the Chromecast to go on sale and save a few bucks plus get Free Shipping to boot then here's your chance. Both Amazon and Best Buy are selling Google's smash hit media streaming dongle for 14% off, $29.99 and are throwing in the shipping for free. Current ship times are only 3-5 days so you can still get this before Christmas. With the recent introduction of 10 new compatible apps, along with the already awesome HBOGO, Hulu+, Netflix, Pandora, YouTube and more you won't find a better bang for your buck when it comes to streaming media this holiday. Stream music, movies and video right from your mobile device onto your big screen tv or monitor with the press of a button. Google has also promised 'waves' of new compatible apps soon so Chromecasting will just get better and better. Makes an awesome (and affordable) gift for just about everyone since it works with Android, Apple and Windows devices. In addition, if you have a student account on Amazon you can get an additional $5 off dropping the price to just $24.99. Just use code 7CGHXJ2C on checkout. Grab one at the link below before they raise the price back up.
One of the nation's most recognizable charities for wounded veterans reportedly spends as much money on lavish conferences and parties as it does on services and programs.which aired Tuesday with a, spending by the Wounded Warriors charity on conferences and meetings went from $1.7 million in 2010, to $26 million in 2014 — about the same amount the organization lays out for combat stress recovery, its top program.The charity brought in more than $300 million in donations in 2014, CBS News reports."Their mission is to honor and empower wounded warriors, but what the public doesn't see is how they spend their money," Army Staff Sergeant and Purple Heart recipient Erick Millette, who suffered a traumatic brain injury and Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder after their service in Iraq in 2006, tells CBS News.Millette was hired as a public speaker for the Wounded Warrior Project in 2013 but quit after two years, CBS News reports."You're using our injuries, our darkest days, our hardships, to make money. So you can have these big parties," they told CBS News.More than 40 ex-charity employees also charged the organization's spending was out of control, CBS News reports.One former worker tells CBS News "a lot of the warriors I saw needed mental health treatment. They don't get that from Wounded Warrior Project."Millette asserts he'd "raise issues" with charity officials, and ask "Why aren't we doing follow up? Why don't we have any case management?"But the response stunned him."We don't call warriors. Warriors call us," they said they were told."As a disabled veteran, it just makes me sick," they tell CBS News.The organization did not give CBS News an official comment, but provided a recipient of its programs for an interview."Wounded Warrior Project contacts alumni and family support members multiple times over the course of the year, we call each and every one of our alumni and family support members on their birth month to be able to ensure and check in, see how they're doing, and see if they need other programs and services," Capt. Ryan Kules tells CBS News."And then also have multiple opportunities for them, and us to follow up and see how they are doing."Kules tells CBS News that the charity, and that it is committing $100 million over three years for a "warrior care network" in a partnership with four hospitals to provide outpatient mental health services to post-9/11 vets.
Members of the Muslim community make their way to pray at the East London Mosque on the last day of Ramadan on August 7, 2013 in London, England. (Dan Kitwood/GETTY)
Immigration is at the top of the agenda in the UK and last week it made international headlines with so called ‘racist vans' that prowled some of London's immigrant enclaves. In an effort to appeal to public sentiment, did the government crackdown on illegal immigration go too far, or was it the success the government says? We dissect the ‘Go home or face arrest' billboards and ask whether the real problem is a broken system. Join us at 1930GMT
On today's episode of The Stream, we speak to:
Kiri Kankhwende @madomasi Contributor to Writers of Colour madomasi.wordpress.com Liam Marshall-Ascough @cllr_liam Councillor for Southgate crawleyconservatives.org.uk Ella Vine @ElzbietaVine Chair of the Thurrock Eastern European Community Group teecg.org.uk Steven Woolfe @Steven_Woolfe UKIP financial services coordinator stevenwoolfe.co.uk
Sometimes, updates aren't as sweet as they initially sound. Such is the case with Android 4.0.4, which recently rolled out to owners of the GSM Galaxy Nexus . According to an increasingly vocal swath of members at(and confirmed by a listing on Google's own Support page), there are mysterious signal issues now troubling the device. For many users, there's an inexplicable loss of signal -- a complete inability to make or receive calls and text messages -- after applying the v4.0.4 update, though it's beginning to look like Sleep is the issue. For some, preventing the phone from going to into a deep sleep mode has solved the dilemma, but it has also created a life where a nearby AC outlet is more of a necessity than usual. Hit up the source link to submit a bug report if you're experiencing precisely this, and let us know of any potential fixes down in comments below.
DANA POINT – Capt. Chris Pica has been on the water for most of their life and said he's seen more humpbacks whales at this time of year than ever before.
“We used to see maybe one or two sporadically from spring to fall, now we're seeing huge numbers almost daily,” they said. “In the late 1980s and '90s you'd never see them. Then in the early 2000s we'd see one or two mixed in with blue whales and fin whales. In just the past few years, they've started to increase.”
Pica, 52, of San Clemente has been a whale watch and sport fishing boat captain for Dana Wharf Sportfishing and Whale Watching for 27 years.
Dana Wharf is Dana Point Harbor's oldest business and just last week celebrated 45 years.
As of Tuesday, Pica said they and other boat captains have counted 152 large baleen whales so far this year, with more spotted daily. Last year at this same time, 43 were counted.
Pica and Capt. Dave Anderson, who operates Capt. Dave's Dolphin Safari and Whale Watch from Dana Point Harbor, say this year could top last year's record-setting tally of 253 whales, which was up 53 percent from the year before.
In 2014, there were 178, and in 2013, just 17 of the behemoths were spotted.
Similarly, researchers off the coast of San Francisco reported this week that they are counting higher numbers also – in some cases logging as many as 30 to 60 humpback sightings a day.
Experts aren't sure why numbers are increasing but are happy the whales – once a rarity off the California coastline – might become year-round residents.
It could be warmer waters, prey or climate change. Researchers believe the baleen whales are following prey.
There aren't just occasional sightings of a couple of whales. Captains and boaters are seeing pods.
In 2013, Todd Mansur, a boat captain for Dana Wharf for 30 years, got some of the first looks.
They were amazed when they saw a massive black and white flipper rise out of the sea about two miles off the Dana Point Headlands.Two humpbacks were rolling, throwing their flippers and rubbing up against each other.
One was about 55 feet long, the other was a little larger. Mansur said likely the pair were courting.
Their sighting then, was one of less than a dozen Mansur remembers seeing off the coast of Orange County in 30 years.In 2014, a humpback took up residence in the waters off Dana Point and Laguna Beach for several months.
Before 2014, the Orange County coastline was much better known for its blue and gray whale sightings.
But with an increase in sightings come reports of entanglements.
This February, a juvenile humpback, hogtied and struggling off the coast of La Jolla became the first whale successfully disentangled by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's disentanglement team that includes Anderson and Pica.The whale had been spotted just a day before struggling off Newport Beach.
In 2015, NOAA reported that there were four humpback whale disentanglement efforts. Ten more whales were spotted but could not be found and helped.
The higher number of humpbacks have also made them victim to ship strikes.
Last August, researchers from The Marine Mammal Center in Sausalito reported that a 38-foot humpback whale carcass was found at Esplanade Beach in Pacifica.
Researchers from the center and The California Academy of Sciences discovered that the whale had injuries consistent with a ship strike.
“By examining marine mammals that wash up on our shores, we are able to learn more about how we can prevent future deaths,” said Dr. Shawn Johnson, director of veterinary science at the Marine Mammal Center.
The incident in August happened just after NOAA requested that large ships slow down inside the shipping lanes beyond San Francisco's Golden Gate to reduce the threat of ship strikes on endangered blue, humpback and fin whales.
Humpbacks feed in colder waters and migrate to warmer climates for mating and calving.
They're spotted off the Orange County coastline when they go north in search of food or head south to Mexico to mate and give birth.
About 800 humpbacks are found off California in summer, mostly north of Point Conception.
“I would say for sure we're up this year from any year I've ever seen,” Anderson said. “Because this is the third year and it continues to rise I believe humpback whales which used to be found mostly above Point Conception are now regular inhabitants of Orange County.”
Contact the writer: 714-796-2254 or eritchie@ocregister.com or twitter:@lagunaini
The small Western Maryland town of Hancock — population 1,545 — is poised to be a part-owner of a medical marijuana company after winning a license to grow cannabis plants this week.
The town is in a unique partnership with an Arizona company that plans to grow cannabis in a town-owned warehouse and share profits with the Washington County town.
After Hancock suffered an exodus of about 1,000 jobs over the past two decades, the cannabis industry could spark an economic turnaround for the town and surrounding communities, said Mayor Daniel Murphy.
"I've embraced it, our town has embraced it," Murphy said. "We're glad to be on the ground floor of medical cannabis. We hope it will be a success."
Hancock officials have been working on the medical cannabis plans for about a year, after the town was approached by Harvest Inc., a company based in Arizona that has cannabis operations there and has obtained licenses in Nevada and Illinois.
Harvest had its eye on the Stanley Fulton Center, a large warehouse in Hancock that once housed a manufacturing plant for Fleetwood Travel Trailers and is now owned by the town.
Harvest approached town officials and worked out an agreement to rent the warehouse and give the town a 5 percent equity stake in the operation, which will be called Harvest of Maryland LLC.
Though the town will have a 5 percent stake in the company, it won't have a seat on the company's board or a say in its operations. The town would be insulated from liability if the venture fails and racks up debts, Murphy said.
The Town Council voted unanimously last October to partner with Harvest. The mayor and council members are chosen in nonpartisan elections.
Harvest promised to spend $15 million on renovations and employ 120 people if it could get cannabis growing and processing businesses off the ground in Hancock.
Skeptics were quickly won over when they learned about the plans for tight security, the medical uses of cannabis and the promise of sorely needed jobs, Murphy said.
"They came, they embraced our little town. They fell in love with this unique town on the Potomac … and we were very impressed with their track record," Murphy said.
They noted that Harvest brought expertise in the industry to the application process, while Hancock's involvement gave the proposal local roots.
Maryland's Medical Cannabis Commission issued 15 preliminary licenses for cannabis growers and 15 for processors on Monday. Though Harvest of Maryland was seeking both, it was only awarded a growing license.
The commission has yet to issue up to 94 licenses for dispensaries.
Harvest CEO Steve White said they think the company can eventually win a processing license, too. And if it doesn't, it can instead cultivate more cannabis in the Hancock warehouse, they said.
White said they looked for a spot to open a cannabis facility in a rural part of Maryland and quickly settled on Hancock.
"They had this facility ready for us to move into, then we really liked the leadership in the town," they said. The project became "more than just developing a successful business but also having a true impact on a community that needed it," they said.
Murphy said the opening of a cannabis operation represents a step forward for Hancock.
The small town, which sits at the narrowest part of Maryland, once drew people from surrounding counties, Pennsylvania and West Virginia to work in its factories: Fleetwood Travel Trailers, London Fog and Rayloc Auto Parts. Combined, they once employed about 1,000 skilled workers. Today, only Rayloc remains, with a smaller workforce in less-skilled jobs.
Workers have been forced to find jobs farther away, in Hagerstown and Frederick, adding to their commuting times and costs, Murphy said.
"Unemployment is high; mean income is low," Murphy said.
Washington County's unemployment rate was 5 percent in June, compared to the statewide rate of 4.5 percent, according to the state Department of Labor, Licensing and Regulation.
"If the 100 jobs comes through like we're hoping, that could be important for a small town," said Wayne Keefer, who owns North Bend Treasures antiques shop in Hancock and serves as president of the Hancock Chamber of Commerce. They also serve as a Washington County commissioner.
Hancock has been trying to boost its tourism industry, capitalizing on the Western Maryland Rail Trail and the C&O Canal towpath, but tourism alone can't save the town, Keefer said.
Partnering with a medical cannabis company is an outside-the-box way to spur economic development. Keefer said once residents and business owners learned the details of the proposal, most were on board.
"I think some people weighed: What's more detrimental to our community? Growing medical cannabis or losing 100 jobs?" Keefer said. "By far, the vast majority of people see the benefit of the jobs as well as the benefits of medicinal marijuana."
Not everyone is sold on the concept, however.
Del. Neil C. Parrott, a Republican who represents Washington County in Annapolis, remains opposed to bringing the medical cannabis industry to their community.
"I didn't want to see Colorado come to Washington County, and I don't think my constituents wanted that either," Parrott said.
In addition to Harvest of Maryland in Hancock, the state also awarded growing and processing licenses to Kind Therapeutics USA, which also would be located in Washington County.
Parrott believes that the licensing of medical cannabis and the recent decriminalization of small amounts of recreational marijuana represent steps toward full legalization of the drug, which they oppose.
Getting involved in the industry "definitely is not worth it" for the jobs these businesses would bring, Parrott said. He'd rather promote business such as Lanco Dairy Farms, which is reopening a shuttered cheese plant near Hancock.
Murphy, a veterinarian who has been mayor for 20 years, still sees only the upside of the cannabis facility.
"We were very lucky in our community to have acceptance from our citizens," they said. "They were so excited about the possibility of jobs that they were able to listen with an open mind and understand that we weren't talking about pushing drugs on the street."
White doesn't know yet when Harvest can start operations in Hancock, as the company still needs final approval from the state commission. "Ideally for us, we'd like to start tomorrow," they said.
They said they know of no other public-private partnership in the cannabis industry like their company's relationship with Hancock.
pwood@baltsun.com
twitter.com/pwoodreporter
One thing that has become quite common in discussions about the possible collapse of our society is for people to romanticize what the world will look like. With the government gone, people think they'll be free to do as they they please. They assume that, while the world as we know it will most certainly change, the system will remain fairly stable. Most of us want to believe there will be trading posts to replace grocery stores, that we'll be able to produce our own food without being bothered, that community groups will defend our interests, and that our home defense armaments will be sufficient to repel looters.
Various theories exist on how the world will look in a post collapse environment, much of them rooted in historical perspective.
One such scenario that has been presented in recent years is the breakup of the United States as we know it into several zones or regions. It's a concept presented by Russian KGB analyst Igor Panarin, who believes such an eventuality is inevitable:
It would fall into six parts, and I back this up with several factors. First of all there are the ethnic, economical and geographic factors… totally different ethnic groups and ethnic interests. Texas and the Gulf of Mexico coast are the fuel and energy complex. California is Silicon Valley and high tech. Considering New York, Washington and the Atlantic coast, they're all financial centers first of all. And the northern states of the U.S. are basically the depressive states of the U.S., close to Canada in their mentality and economic development. This is how I divide these parts.
Considering this as a possibility, how would such a scenario take place?
If history is our guide it won't be through peaceful negotiations. In fact, current events suggest that when a country breaks up, law and order collapses, and different factions vie for power, humans will show their true predatory nature and brutality.
Word of the day: Prepare! And do it the old fashion way, like our fore-fathers did it and succeed long before us, because what lies ahead of us will require all the help we can get. Watch this video and learn the 3 skills that ensured our ancestors survival in hard times of famine and war.
Putting geopolitics aside for a moment, we need look no further than Iraq to understand just how bad things can get.
Related article: This Is How The Economic Collapse Will Change Your Day-To-Day Life!
For those who hope that this collapse just “gets going” and that the system resets so we can start anew, understand that no global or national paradigm shift will happen without violence – extreme violence.
It's the only way we humans know how to function, apparently. And it's something we've seen time and again.
The following compilation of videos highlights just how brutal human beings can be and how far they will go to ensure the success of their agenda.
Men, women, children – all will become victims just as has been the case throughout human history.
Militias will be formed, armies will be raised, and the innocent will be pillaged and murdered.
In Iraq, an army of reportedly 12,000 strong is seizing cities across the country. Along the way they are killing anyone who stands in their way, and as some of the videos depict, they're killing even those who are trying to get out of the way.
This is the reality of a post collapse world.
***EXTREMELY VIOLENT IMAGERY***
Executions are the order of the day:
Perhaps the above photo was some sort of pay-back, as the circumstances are not exactly clear. But even innocent civilians are convicted of crimes when the judge and jury become the attacking or occupying force. The following video shows civilian farmers (including children) who have been accused of cooperating with the national Army, a crime punishable by death insofar as ISIS rebels are concerned.
Also read: 6 Old Time Forgotten Survival Skills Your Great Grandparents Used Everyday
Make no mistake. Children will not be spared.
Reportedly thousands of men, teenagers and boys being lead to an unknown fate. It's reminiscent of the images we've seen of World War II concentration camps, where people were ferried off to gas chambers en masse.
Given the brutality we've already seen from this organization, in all likelihood these people are already dead, as this video was shot several days ago.
Also read: Experts Warn Congress: Attack On Power Grid Could Lead to “Catastrophic Civilian Casualties”
This is the kind of world we will be facing should the system as we know it today collapse.
There will be no law. There will be no order. There will be no outside help coming.
Even a short trip to a marketplace or to trade goods with someone could, as was shown in the first video, lead to you being randomly killed or executed.
As great as a “system reset” may sound, the reality will be starkly different.
Mac Slavo, SHTFplan.com
Other Survival Solutions(These are the most reliable survival books that you can find)
A lawsuit has been filed against the CIA, the FBI, the Department of Homeland Security and the Office of the Director of National Intelligence seeking records pertaining to Russia's interference in the presidential election.
Journalist Jason Leopold and Ryan Shapiro, a Ph.D. candidate at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), filed a lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia on Monday asserting that the agencies have failed to comply with their request for documents under the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA).
Earlier this month, the CIA reportedly concluded in a secret assessment that Russia had intervened in the presidential election to help President-elect Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE defeat Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE. That assistance, officials believe, included the hacking of Democratic email accounts.
On Dec. 14, Leopold and Shapiro asked the intelligence agencies for copies of communications to or from the Electoral College and any records that mention or refer to a requests Electoral College members made for information and briefings on the investigations into ties between Trump, their campaign or their associates. The request included mentions of Russian government interference in the election.
ADVERTISEMENT
Leopold and Shapiro also asked for any communications to or from Congress, the Democratic National Committee, the Republican National Committee (RNC), the Trump campaign, the Clinton campaign, or any other U.S. political organization mentioning or referring to Russian-directed interference in the elections.
In their court complaint, Leopold and Shapiro ask the court to require that the agencies immediately process the FOIA request.
Leopold has been involved in several FOIA-related lawsuits, most famously one that contributed to the release of Clinton's emails by the State Department.
Russia has denied interfering in the election, while Trump has called the CIA report "ridiculous."
On Tuesday, Sen. Lindsey Graham Lindsey Olin GrahamHouse to push back at Trump on border Trump pressures GOP senators ahead of emergency declaration vote: 'Be strong and smart' This week: Congress, Trump set for showdown on emergency declaration MORE (R-S.C.) said the president-elect is at odds with nearly the entire Senate over the issue.
"There are 100 United States senators. ... I would say that 99 percent of us believe that the Russians did this, and we're going to do something about it,” Graham told CNN's Jim Sciutto on “The Situation Room."
While players from Baylor and McCallie prepare for tonight's big game, Chattanooga area residents are preparing to clean up the trash that will inevitably be left around the city from a solid week of “hyping”. The trash comes mostly in the form of huge banners that say “M” or “B”. Experts question why students from each school make an effort to distribute the banners around the city, as a majority of the Chattanooga area population do not give two flying shit about the game.
Both schools now have a tradition of creating of popular internet “hype videos” for the yearly football battle, otherwise known as the “Pat Robertson Trust Fund Bowl”. Sources say these videos only add to the annoyance of students driving around while hootin' and hollerin' with banners on the back of their vehicles.
“It's like clockwork every year to have to clean up the mess after seeing some shaggy-haired kid wearing a jacket, tie, and cargo shorts hop out of a 75 thousand dollar car to hang a huge banner on an overpass,” explained concerned citizen Jeffrey Coopers. “These kids deserve spankings, but I'm sure their dads are hot shit lawyers.”
Mariners reliever Chris Ray was at the Fremont Brewing Company yesterday, helping brew a beer called Homefront IPA that will be sold at Safeco Field and around Seattle to raise money for the Operation Homefront organization that provides emergency financial assistance to the families of military personnel.
Kendall Jones of Washington Beer Blog wrote a good article about tagging along with Ray, who has been brewing their own beer at home since back in the minor leagues and plans to open a brewery in Virginia with their brother someday:
Talking with Chris, you immediately recognize that he's serious about beer. They talk about the rhizomes they chose to grow their hops and the first year's hop harvest. Albeit tight-lipped, they tell me about the company that is potentially going to build the brewhouse. We discuss Virginia's archaic liquor laws and the obstacles those laws create for a small brewery. It is clear that they are very serious about opening a brewery. He's not just some guy who likes IPA.
Ray told Jones that they sometimes bring their home brewed beer into the Mariners' clubhouse, but “it's pretty hard converting light beer drinkers.” For shame, Mariners. For shame.
In light of all the fake news and blatant media propaganda being published these days, I think it's important to remember how little diversity of opinions there are amongst our 'independent press'. A survey done in 2013 found that most shills hide under the cloak of 'independent', with about 30% calling themselves democrat. You can see how this trend has disjointed over the decades, with republicans being systematically removed from the sacred 5th estate. With merely a handful of so-called republicans in America's newsrooms, how can they honestly call themselves a 'free press', when in fact they're nothing more than democratic advocates shilling for their ideologies? Incidentally, America's trust in their media has correlated very closely to the lack of political diversity in their newsrooms over the decades. I suppose when you completely abandon principles for party, casting aside 50% of your viewer/reader base in the process, that's not exactly a sound business model for journalistic success -- judged by public opinion. Then again, do they even care?
Whovian Running Club is pleased to announce our first event of 2017:
The Sonic 7k!
The Doctor's most valuable tool...it doesn't wound, doesn't maim, doesn't kill...but it's very, very good at opening doors. This large 3" x 4" medal is the second in the "Galgos Series" of FOUR amazing medals and features 10 different sonic screwdrivers used by the Doctor over the last 50 years. It comes with a beautiful sublimated ribbon and your own personalized digital bib.
All proceeds from this event, and the entire Galgos Series, will go to support two incredible charities working in Spain to save the lives of Spanish Greyhounds...better known as Galgos. SOS Galgos and Galgos Del Sol are the foremost organizations working to rescue and educate the Spanish public about these amazing animals. Bred as hunting and racing dogs, Galgos are a truly noble breed. However, tens of thousands of Galgos are either abandoned or brutally murdered every year in Spain once they reach the end of their "usefulness". Galgos Del Sol and SOS Galgos are working to change attitudes and laws, educate the public, and rescue thousands of these beautiful creatures. Please visit www.SOSGalgos.com and www.GalgosDelSol.org to learn more about what your participation will accomplish!
And don't forget your event shirt! While the Sonic Screwdriver is extremely useful...it just doesn't do wood. We love these super-geeky shirts and think you will too! Just go to www.booster.com/2017-sonic-7k. All proceeds from the event shirts will also go to Galgos Del Sol and SOS Galgos.
The suggested run date for this event is Wednesday, February 1st...in memory of Elisabeth Sladen (Sarah Jane Smith)! All of the medals will be mailed in mid-February.
For more information on how our virtual running events work, please visit our FAQ.
Sign up today and Run for the Galgos!
Scrambling to catch up with the worst outbreak of the deadly Ebola virus, the World Health Organization announced Wednesday that it was considering the declaration of an international public health emergency and would convene a panel of experts in coming days to explore the use of experimental treatments for the incurable disease.
The announcements came as fears spread that a Saudi citizen might have taken the Ebola virus home to Saudi Arabia, which is still reeling from a mismanaged epidemic of the Middle East Respiratory Syndrome that has killed nearly 300 people in the last two years. Saudi news media said that the citizen, a business person in their 40s, died on Wednesday at King Fahd Hospital in Jidda after exhibiting Ebola-like symptoms, and that Saudi health officials had submitted biological samples from the patient to laboratories in the United States and Germany.
The Saudi accounts emphasized that the illness had not yet been identified. Gregory Hartl, a spokesperson for the World Health Organization in Geneva, said in an email that the patient appeared to have visited affected areas in Sierra Leone.
It would appear to be a common mistake in the regulation of alternative medicine to assume that those trained in the subject, and who practice it, can be considered experts in the subject. And that those experts can help formulate good regulatory practices.
The nature of expertise has plagued philosophers since the time of Plato, whose Socratic dialogues explored how you could tell a doctor from a quack. Plato struggled with a solution and concluded that being wise was not enough; you also needed to be a physician to spot another true physician.
This is a rather unsatisfactory conclusion, as it leaves non-physicians unable to recognise expertise, and so liable to exploitation by quacks. Pragmatic solutions to this problem are central to many of the themes of this blog. However, without diving into an full examination of the tricky philosophical nature of recognising expertise, let us take the view that expertise involves holding a substantial body of true beliefs about a domain of knowledge and that the weight of their true beliefs is greater than their false beliefs.
From this perspective, we can see that people who believe in and practice homeopathy, chiropractic, herbalism and acupuncture cannot be considered experts since the major beliefs in these systems can quite easily be shown to false. If you believe that homeopathic sugar pills can have specific therapeutic effects then you simply cannot be considered an expert in such matters as this is straightforwardly untrue. If you believe that illness is caused by chiropractic subluxations in the spine then your expertise must be in question as there is no good evidence to suggest this is correct. If you believe that individualised concoctions of herbs can treat specific illness then your beliefs are contradicted by the evidence base.
This point appears to go over the head of various regulators in the UK.
In the past few weeks we have seen that the General Pharmaceutical Council dropped cases against pharmacists that were caught in a 2006 BBC Newsnight sting selling sugar pills as protection against malaria to a student going to Africa. The actions of these pharmacists quite simply would put the lives of people at risk of dying through their beliefs in the magic of homeopathy. The GPhC says that the pharmacists concerned had given reassurances that “remedial action” had been taken to prevent the situation happening again. To their embarrassment, the BBC repeated the sting the same week and found homeopathy-believing pharmacists dishing out sugar pills to prevent malaria again. It is likely that this four year investigation will re-open to the shame of the pharmacists' regulator.
The reasons why the cases were dropped do not hold water. What influence other homeopaths had is not known. But it is worth noting that a previous president of the Royal Pharmaceutical Society, the immediate forerunner of the recently reorganised regulator, was Christine Glover, who has now retired to run their homeopathic pharmacy. That a homeopath can have held such prominent positions in an organisation charged with protecting the public from unsafe practices is extraordinary.
The General Chiropractic Council is also going through regulatory tortures of their own making. After the British Chiropractic Association unsuccessfully tried to sue science writer Simon Singh for pointing out in the Guardian that their claims that magically cracking spines could cure childhood conditions such as colic and asthma, hundreds of complaints were made to the regulator about chiropractors making similar claims.
How could the regulator then find their members guilty of making misleading claims when the regulator had given the green light to such claims?
The problem is for the regulator is that they themselves had issued leaflets saying that chiropractic could treat such conditions, no doubt on the advice of chiropractors on various committees within the regulator. How could the regulator then find their members guilty of making misleading claims when the regulator had given the green light to such claims? As such, the adjudications on the first cases heard appear to be more about saving the face of the regulator than protecting the public from chiropractors with deluded beliefs.
Within government, including those with pseudoscientific beliefs in positions where expertise is vital is not restricted to regulatory bodies. When formulating policy on drugs, ministers are obligated to take into account the views of a statutory advisory body. Professor David Nutt, chairperson of the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs, gave a lecture on how the harms to society from young people riding horses as a hobby were similar to the harms caused by taking the drug ecstasy. Both present risks to people engaging in these activities. As a result, Nutt was sacked by the Home Secretary. Several other members of the advisory committee resigned in protest of the sacking of an independent scientific advisor for merely expressing an opinion about evidence of harms.
We have a new government now and new appointments have been made. The first is an expert in needles. Unfortunately, not the sort of needles that drug users use, but acupuncture needles. One has to wonder how someone who might believe that inserting needles in people can unblock ‘chi' within ‘meridians' and cure various conditions could have a robust approach to evidence, however, fortunately, Sarah Graham appears to have some reasonable views on young people and drugs.
The same cannot be said for another appointment. GP, Dr Hans-Christian Raabe, is a member of the bizarre political party, the Christian Party which has a “zero tolerance” policy towards drug use.  They are also a member of the Maranatha Community, a Christian lobbying group that has written several papers trying to change government policy on drug law. Last night I tweeted some quotes from Raabe on their views on drugs:
Lack of religious commitment is a risk factor for drug abuse.
Harm-reduction actually encourages rather than prevents drug misuse.
Spiritual/religious involvement predicts fewer problems with alcohol.
Religious resources may serve as a potentially important ally in promoting health.
Encourage NICE to look at studies involving spirituality and drug prevention.
Need to look at the impact of interventions to strengthen the two-parent family
Too much attention has been given to the militant lobby groups which urge the legalisation of drugs or the adoption of ‘harm reduction'.
Most worryingly is Raabe's belief that a strategy of looking at the relative harms of various drugs and so devising strategies to minimise harm from them is counterproductive. Raabe's faith-based conviction is that drugs are inherently wrong and so any policy that might overlook less harmful activities is wrong. When David Nutt was sacked for expressing views on relative harm, we were angry that government was ignoring the advice of its advisors. Now we find ourselves hoping they do.
When David Nutt was sacked for expressing views on relative harm, we were angry that government was ignoring the advice of its advisors. Now we find ourselves hoping they do.
The MHRA is the government body charged with protecting the public from medical drugs and devices that are unsafe or do not work as described. Through loopholes in legislation, homeopathic medicines can be given a license without providing evidence of efficacy. Instead, absurd accounts of homeopathic rituals called ‘provings' can be used to justify claims.
At the moment the MHRA are evaluating license applications for a number of products including a sugar pill that is labelled that it can treat nicotine withdrawal, and another sugar pill claiming to treat flu-like symptoms. From the outset we can be quite certain that the pills contain no active ingredient (such is the nature of homeopathic ultra-dilution) and that they cannot achieve the claims made of them. However, the brief minutes show that various experts are evaluating these claims and considering awarding a license.
Amongst these experts is homeopath Mr David Needleman BScPharm MRPharmS LCH MARH RHom FBIH. Needleman is a founder of the splinter homeopathic group, the Alliance of Registered Homeopaths. They have set up a homeopathic telephone helpline for ‘acute conditions' that tells callers, after a consultation for £1.50 per minute, what the label on the sugar pills prescribed ought to say.
The Alliance is a strange organisation that broke away from the Society of Homeopaths because it wanted its members to practice how they best feel without interference. You can appreciate the extreme emerging views of such a group by visiting the web site of Needleman's co-Director, Steve Scrutton, as they rant barely coherently about the ‘evils' of modern medicine, vaccines and the money grabbing ways of doctors. Their advice on everything from cancer to vaccine avoidance can at best be describes as thoroughly irresponsible.
Even stranger is another advisor on the MHRA committee. Dr Micahel Evans is a GP who is one of the UK's most prominent advocates of anthroposophical medicine. This is a belief system first advocated by mystic Rudolf Steiner. Advocates of anthroposophical medicine have to first train in mainstream techniques but then their training is ‘enhanced' by Steinerist beliefs in “spiritual science” where science is supposedly extended by belief in the ‘life element' and mystical ways of knowing the truth. Dr Evans will not just treat the material body, but will also take into account the ego, astral and etheric realms of being. Steinerism infiltrates many aspects of life including the rather disturbing Steiner Waldorf schools that operate with some shocking beliefs that they would rather you did not know about, as has been explored in depth on the dcscience blog.
Whilst using conventional medical techniques, anthroposophists use their spiritual beliefs to wedge in various forms of pseudo-medicinal techniques such as their versions of homeopathy, herbalism and hydrotherapy. In their book, they tell us such things as “HIV destroys the bodies ability to be a suitable vehicle for the ego, or spirit”. On treatments, their passage on treating a female with depression, shows the nature of anthroposophical thinking,
The kidney's association with the astral body makes it come to mind when a patient presents severe symptoms of anxiety and agitation. … With the kidney specifically in mind, copper ointment was applied over the kidney region and a homeopathic preparation of naturally occurring copper oxide, Curpite D6, was given orally. They also had mustard footbaths… Them depression was treated with a liver medicine, Stannum per Taraxicum (tin potentised using dandelion.)
As well as the homeopathy advisory board, Evans also sits on the Herbal Medicines Advisory Committee. Quite what influence Needleman and Evans have over the decision making process within the MHRA is difficult to ascertain. The MHRA say in their minutes of the meeting that information discussed will be withheld under Section 43 of the Freedom of Information Act 2000.
The MHRA weighs the commercial interests of those wishing to profit from blatantly misleading medical claims over the public right to know how it is being protected.
Section 43 is designed to protect trade secrets and commercial interests. It would appear that the MHRA weighs the commercial interests of those wishing to profit from blatantly misleading medical claims over the public right to know how it is being protected.
I could go on. The last government saw fit to bring in a form of self-regulation for a rag-bag of alternative medicines in the form of the Complementary and Natural Health Care Council. Its basic idea was that the public could be protected if Ofquack, as it has become known, could validate that practitioners had been ‘properly trained' in their techniques. Complaints about misleading claims have been met with absurd judgements where the regulator recognises the claims are untrue but were made because that is how the practitioners were trained. Hence, “fitness to practice was not impaired”.
At the heart of the problem is the various authorities inability to make judgements on what is science and what is pseudoscience. Indeed it has recently said that “The government does not find it helpful to define pseudoscience”. Admittedly, there are indeed difficulties about drawing sharp ontological boundaries around science and pseudoscience. However that does not mean that such categories do not exist. Just as it is not possible to categorise all times of the day into day and night does not mean day and night do not exist and that it is not helpful to draw a distinction.
Homeopathy is classic pseudoscience. As are most forms of alternative medicine. Being cowardly in saying so risks peoples health, defrauds them by allowing government endorsement of useless products and undermines our regulators abilities to carry out their duties to protect the public.
Recognising that training is not the same as expertise would be a good first step. Real expertise comes from critical thinking and having an ability to understand the limitations of personal knowledge. Those are attributes that are nearly non-existent amongst practitioners of the pseudo-medical cults.
Share. So says Ed Boon. So says Ed Boon.
You might not have to wait long to find out which new characters are coming to Injustice: Gods Among Us.
In a post on Twitter, NetherRealm creative director Ed Boon was asked if “any new DLC character announcements” are coming soon. Boon gave an emphatic answer: “YES!”
Specific details weren't revealed, but we've reached out to Warner Bros. for additional comment. Previous DLC characters added to Injustice include Lobo, Batgirl, Scorpion and General Zod.
Who would you like to see added to Injustice? Let us know in the comments, and check out the video below for some of the characters we'd like to see.
Exit Theatre Mode
Andrew Goldfarb is IGN's news editor. Keep up with pictures of the latest food he's been eating by following @garfep on Twitter or garfep on IGN.
After serving in Afganistan for a year, Rob Kiebler showed up at their so'ns birthday party dressed up as a Jedi and surprised him. It's a tear-jerker.
Danny was celebrating their birthday with family and friends at the Deschutes Brew Pub [GW's note: GREAT PLACE FOR A KID'S BIRTHDAY!] in Portland on July 18 when the cast of characters from Star Wars came in to say hello.
Rob, dressed in a hooded Jedi knight outfit, walked behind the other characters, removed their hood and saw their son for the first time in a year.
"I didn't recognize them at first. I thought it was just a Star Wars character and they were dressed in a costume," Danny told us. "But it wasn't a Star Wars character, they were my dada."
Following the recent visit to the UK of the great man himself, Yuji Naka confirms interest in a future Dreamcast 2
It's not everyday one of gaming's living legends visits our shores here at Blighty, so when the beautiful people at Rising Star Games recently managed to pull off the coup that saw one of the industry's truly genial figures touching down in this our green and pleasant land, as you can probably imagine, the gaming press went weak at the knees as we all fell about fawning and cooing at the colossus that is none other than Sonic the Hedgehog creator Yuji Naka. And rightly so for that matter I might add.
It was, however, startling to overhear during one interview that Naka-san revealed their love not only for the creation of iconic gaming characters, but also for creating actual gaming hardware and peripherals to boot. Said the great man themselves on the subject:
“I'm hoping to work on Dreamcast 2“, Naka told CVG. “Of course Dreamcast was my baby back at Sega and I want to carry on making good games for the European market and one day I'm hoping it gives me the opportunity to work on Dreamcast 2.
But the revelations did not stop there, Naka went on to reveal their nostalgia for the day's at Sega had made them more open to the concept of working on gaming hardware for any of the ‘Big Three.'
“I do miss those old days when I was heavily involved in hardware making at Sega. I was involved in most of the consoles and controllers that Sega came up with.”
“If I have the opportunity in the future I want to be involved again with hardware making,” they said. “It would be ideal if I could become some sort of advisor working with the platform makers in future. I think if I can work really well with the platform makers then it's good for everyone, because I can then come up with totally new games.”
So if anyone high up there in the sprawling corporate corner-offices at Sony, Microsoft or Nintendo is reading these statements from Naka-san then we heartily suggest that you take up the offer made by the gaming great as soon as possible.
Advertisements
To prepare for release of A Memory of Light, the final volume of The Wheel of Time, Tor.com will be releasing special Facebook Timeline banners this week! Click the image to see it full size, drag it to your desktop, or Save Image As to post it on your Facebook profile.
Five characters in total will be depicted as they gear up for The Last Battle. This morning we've arrived at the Coramoor, the Car'a'carn, the Shadowkiller, ladies and gentlemen the Dragon Reborn himself, Rand al'Thor.
There were two Rand quotes we really liked for this particular banner, so we made them both. Triumphant Rand is above, while Reflective Rand is below.
We've got one more banner coming tomorrow morning, illustrating one of the most intense moments in the entire series. We can't wait to show you!
Rand al'Thor art taken from the cover to A Memory of Light by Michael Whelan. Click here for a behind-the-scenes look at the creation of the cover. Visit Tor.com or the A Memory of Light index each morning for a new reveal!
About 1,500 state gun bills were introduced in the year after the Newtown massacre.
178 passed at least one chamber of a state legislature. 109 have become law.
In the 12 months after the mass shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Conn., almost every state enacted at least one new gun law, according to a database compiled by the Law Center to Prevent Gun Violence. Nearly two-thirds of the new laws ease restrictions and expand the rights of gun owners. Most of those bills were approved in states controlled by Republicans. Those who support stricter regulations won some victories — mostly in states where the legislature and governorship are controlled by Democrats — to increase restrictions on gun use and ownership. Select categories from the table below to see all gun bills that passed at least one chamber of a state legislature.
39 tighten
gun restrictions Democratic Mixed control Republican Party in control of the state
legislature and the governorship 70 loosen
gun restrictions Democratic Mixed control Republican Party in control of the state
legislature and the governorship
Sherlock Holmes had the case of the dog that didn't bark, but it has taken two dozen apartment complexes and a testing company in Tennessee to bring the art of canine detection into the “CSI” age.
And the evidence is right underfoot.
Canine DNA is now being used to identify the culprits who fail to clean up after their pets, an offense that Deborah Violette, for one, is committed to eradicating at the apartment complex they manage.
Everyone who owns a dog in their complex, Timberwood Commons in Lebanon, N.H., must submit a sample of its DNA, taken by rubbing a cotton swab around inside the animal's mouth.
The swab is sent to BioPet Vet Lab, a Knoxville, Tenn., company that enters it into a worldwide database. If Ms. Violette finds an unscooped pile, they can take a sample, mail it to Knoxville and use a DNA match to identify the offending owner.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Called PooPrints, the system costs $29.99 for the swabbing kit, $10 for a vial to hold the samples and $50 to analyze them, which usually takes a week or two. The company says that about two dozen apartment complexes around the country have signed up for the service. In 2008, the Israeli city of Petah Tikva created a dog DNA database for the same purpose.
You may be familiar with Truffaut's famous quote, “there's no such thing as an anti-war film,” which captures the quandry of inadvertently glorifying war by giving it a cinematic representation. I think this is quoted is better rendered the more general a “there is no such thing as an anti-hedonistic film.” Or at least it's really hard. Cinema is an engaging sensory experience, and good and bad are most easily expressed through an engagement of appreciation or an engagement of revulsion. This convention obviously extends beyond movies and into media like books, and it was in fact a book that I read recently that got me thinking about this whole thing.
For anyone who thinks I don't give feminism a fair shake, I will have you know that I've read the radical feminist sci-fi novel Woman on the Edge of Time. On a related note, I have black friends. Anyway, the short of it is that in the novel there are two potential futures presented to the 1970's present-day hero. The first is a Marxist pastoral “utopia” in which gender has been essentially been abolished through Brave New World-like biotechnology. Pretty creepy, but that's a discussion for another article.
The second future is a hellish capitalist dystopia, where most people are part of a slave-like underclass that are little more than walking organ banks for the rich elite. Women are, of course, particularly oppressed, being kept as ignoramuses who are only valued for their appearance – they are surgically modified to have grotesquely exaggerated sexual characteristics. The grotesqueness is really driven home to let the reader feel just how bad this potential future really is.
Is sickening excess the logical consequence of our unchained material appetites? Of course it isn't – actual hedonism, by definition, always finds the sweet spot. Excess is, by definition, anti-hedonic. Intentionally eating so much cake to become nauseous isn't something that people do. Similarly, people find cartoonishly enhanced women revolting; if they didn't, the author wouldn't be able to use such a thing as a cautionary tale to scare the reader straight. Showing good or bad in terms of the hedonic calculus is easy, but you can't have it as both terrifyingly revolting and believably alluring.
Perhaps it is, then, a cautionary tale against changing social norms of the grotesque? Even so, we would need to establish a moral standard outside of “appreciation vs. revulsion” to say that this change of taste is more than merely a value neutral disjunction between our revulsion and their appreciation. After all, the supposed utopia is just as radically different from our current cultural standards as the dystopia is.
The sorry state of (wo)man's soul under dystopian excess is described here only in terms of visceral revulsion, but the moral state of society is on a different axis than material well-being. Hedonism isn't bad because it makes us sick (it doesn't), it's bad because it is a selfish preoccupation.
Another variation of displaying hedonism as bad comes in the form of focusing on vapidness or repetitiveness, a la the mind-numbing entertainment we see in novels like Fareinheit 451. This is, yet again, an unsophisticated pseudo-critique that in its own ways dignifies the hedonic calculus. The truth is that hedonism isn't boring, it's exciting. It isn't satisfied with the same mindless pap, it's absolutely novelty-seeking. It is the exhilaration of climbing a mountain. It is the nuance of fine wine – and perhaps even nuance itself.
From a perspective that is savvy to this ultimate nuance, indulgence is much harder to attack in a book or a movie, because those mediums are themselves nuanced stimulation. This is the difference a good artist and a great artist – the ability to engage the audience with post-hedonic consideration. But Truffaut was right, meaning that you'll have to look for them outside of Hollywood. We need a much more sophisticated value system to find something wrong with the optimal glass of wine rather than idiotic base pleasure-seekers.
Hedonism will never nauseate us and will never bore us. It's always just right – that is why it's scary.
(Image: Plainpicture/Johner)
YOU may be walking on chimp-like feet without knowing it. At least 1 in 13 of us have feet that are specially adapted for climbing trees.
Textbooks will tell you that the human foot is rigid, which allows more efficient walking. Other apes, in contrast, have flexible feet better suited to grasping branches as they move through the trees. But the textbooks are wrong, say Jeremy DeSilva and Simone Gill at Boston University.
The pair asked 400 adults to walk barefoot around the Boston Museum of Science while they filmed their feet. This revealed that 8 per cent of people have some mid-foot flexibility, rather like that seen in tree-dwelling apes (American Journal of Physical Anthropology, doi.org/mmh). In another, soon-to-be-published analysis, Robin Huw Crompton at the University of Liverpool, UK, found that a flexible mid-foot may be even more common than DeSilva and Gill suggest.
Advertisement
So what does a flexible foot look like? It bends at the ball of the foot, and also halfway between the heel and the ball. All human feet have a joint at this point – but in most of us, stiff ligaments span the joint and keep it rigid. In some people, however, the ligaments are softer, allowing the mid-foot to bend. Close-ups of flexible feet as they unroll during walking make the bend obvious, but DeSilva says their owners were not aware of anything unusual, nor was their gait any different. “I was, and continue to be, surprised by this,” they say.
Crompton thinks flexible feet may have been with us since the dawn of our species, as a relic of our tree-dwelling days. Other features were lost along the way. Chimpanzees, for instance, have opposable toes for gripping.
On the strength of their study, Crompton believes most feet can produce this flexibility in specific circumstances, adding vital stability. “For instance, our work shows that it is important during a sudden change of speed.”
DeSilva has another theory. They think flexible feet make walking less efficient – something they intend to test. This would have been a disadvantage once our ancestors left the trees. If so, they say, it is more likely the trait reappeared recently. “My guess is that we are getting more variation than ever before, perhaps because shoes have impacted foot anatomy.”
Need a summer hoops fix once the NBA Finals come to a close?
If so, "The Basketball Tournament," better known as "TBT" might be just for you.
TBT is back bigger and better this year , its' second overall, with an ESPN broadcast and $1 Million prize on the line. Games will be played in 4 regional sites; Los Angeles, Chicago, Philadelphia, and Atlanta with the final rounds taking place in New York.
The games start on July 10th.
What is TBT, you ask?
TBT is an open application, 5 on 5 single elimination winners take all tournament.
Last season, despite the spirited efforts of former Miami players Kenny Kadji, Julian Gamble, and Garrius Adams, a group of former alumni for Notre Dame took home the crown.
Once again former 'Canes stars will be a big part of TBT.
Trey McKinney Jones, Will Frisby, and Anthony Harris are playing together on Ants Alumni in the Midwest Regional.
Durand Scott will be suiting up for Team BDB in the South.
For more on "The Tournament" including information on all of the teams, be sure to head HERE.
Also check out this ESPN feature on the event.
In the immediate aftermath of the attack, many residents of Indonesia's capital, Jakarta, and across the country have taken to Twitter to say, “We are not afraid.”
The hashtag #kamitidaktakut, or “we are not afraid,” is being widely used on Twitter in posts offering condolences to the victims or expressing defiance. Twitter is among the most popular social media platforms in Indonesia.
Terrorist, their job is to spread terror and create fear. If you are afraid, they win. So stay courageous guys.. #KamiTidakTakut — Hang Dimas (@hangdimas) January 14, 2016
God, please knock the heads and hearts of all these hu-ha bombers to go back to the right path. #kamitidaktakut #prayforJakarta — Patricia June Lewi (@junelouie) January 14, 2016
My condolences to the victims' families, good luck to the authorities, but in general we're fine. We are not afraid. #kamitidaktakut — Indira Prana N.D. (@gajahbiru) January 14, 2016
The hit U.S reality show, “America's Next Top Model” filmed in Korea, and it seems that K-Pop fans will be able to see familiar faces in an upcoming episode. BTOB‘s agency, Cube Entertainment, recently commented, “On March 22nd BTOB participated in the filming of ‘America's Next Top Model' that took place in Korea. As Miss J Alexander and the model contestants were present, BTOB judged how the models danced to ‘Beep Beep.'”
According to the agency, a representative of the reality show had been interested in the songs, performances, and visuals that K-Pop exhibited and wanted to incorporate such artistry in to the show. The surprise appearance of BTOB on “America's Next Top Model” is a special treat for BTOB fans as the boy group had just recently finished promotions for their song, “Beep Beep.”
We can't wait to see the upcoming episode of “America's Next Top Model” featuring BTOB!
Source (1)
If you've ever been on the Metal Hammer Facebook page, you'll no doubt be aware that we, like many other mags and businesses that use social media, are prone to attracting rather less-than-savoury comments on the odd topic or two. Unsure what we mean? Here's our guide to troll-spotting...
You devise witheringly satirical, sub-MAD Magazine-style names for bands you don't like, such as Wimperor, Dummy Burger, Children Of Boredom, Arse Enema, DragonFarce, Manowank, Metallicrap, Cradle Of Shite, Shitewish etc. If you're truly a Grade A Metal Troll you might even add some of these as entries on urbandictionary.com.
You use imaginary, spurious and derisive generic categories for bands you don't like (or, more likely, for bands you don't like the look of, especially their hairstyles) and proceed to use them as default criticisms in lieu of argument in forum threads about bands you haven't really heard. Particular favourite terms might include ‘mallcore', ‘brocore' or ‘hipster metal' – the latter especially useful for describing any bands that have more than 500 likes on Facebook.
Your minuscule sense of self-worth is fractionally inflated on being the first person to join a tribute thread to a recently deceased metal legend and call them either a ‘fag' or a ‘poser'.
You moan about how much you hate the trendy patched denim jackets that you were happy to wear a few years ago when you thought they were frightfully kvlt, before James Hetfield and Robb Flynn started wearing theirs, without noticing that you're simply following fashion from the opposite perspective – same reason you stopped collecting tapes when you read about how hipsters were wearing Walkmans ironically.
You start a Facebook page to proclaim your hatred for fans of a faintly successful band or genre based solely on fictional motivations that you've lazily ascribed to people you've never actually met. Extra points if you've written something sarcastic in Impact font and superimposed it onto a photograph, or drawn a cartoon caricature of someone you didn't like the look of at a Kreator concert.
You do your most profound elitist posturing while sitting alone at your computer in your pants stained with semen and tears.
Your favourite bands haven't released an album you like for 20+ years, although you only heard those for the first time a few years ago when you ripped them off a Blogspot.
You campaign to have any bands with neck tattoos removed from metalarchives.com.
You create multiple usernames to back yourself up in forum arguments like ‘A7X is gay', ‘Dream Theater is gay' and multiple casually homophobic variations on ‘that band you all like is actually rubbish, not good like you think, aaahh'.
The news Virginia Tech fans have been waiting to hear for nearly nine months came tonight, when star cornerback Antone Exum was "cleared to play" by the famous doctor to the star athlete, Dr. James Andrews according to Hokies' defensive backs coach Torrian Gray on Tech Talk Live:
Coach Gray says #Hokies defensive back Antone Exum has been cleared to play. Exum saw Dr. Andrews today. — Tech Talk LIVE! (@VT_TTL) September 30, 2013
Exum, who injured themselves in January while playing a basketball game, was recovering from surgery to fix their ACL, their lateral and medial menisci and a bone fracture in their right knee. They originally declared they would be back for the Hokies' season-opener against Alabama, despite many who doubted that timetable was possible. Ultimately, Exum was not able to recover by then, but by all accounts, gave their absolute best to do so. When the Alabama game rolled around, it was announced they were only between 70-85% and that they would not even be re-evaluated for another two months.
While they hoped to be able to return against Georgia Tech (last Thursday) to begin ACC play, they were not cleared to do so until today, meaning they will have missed at least five games this season.  They are not currently eligible for a sixth year of eligibility, and even if it were granted, they would likely try to leave to enter the NFL Draft, as they received positive draft projections from the NFL Draft Advisory Board a year ago, but opted to return for their senior year.
It is not clear what role they will play, as at one point coaches said they would come back as the unquestioned starter. But the secondary, with two first-year student cornerbacks playing prominently, has been among the Hokies strengths, and with Exum still possibly not ready for a major workload, the coaches have backed off of that statement:
Gray on Exum's return: "He has to be eased in naturally, so there will be some transition." Will meet as staff to discuss it. #Hokies — Andy Bitter (@AndyBitterVT) September 30, 2013
However, for those clamoring for an Exum return to safety, perhaps resulting in the benching of or platooning with Detrick Bonner, Gray essentially put the moratorium on that thought:
Gray said Antone Exum is a cornerback and will remain so. "When he's full-go, he's going to play cornerback." #Hokies — Andy Bitter (@AndyBitterVT) September 30, 2013
Exum, who was a safety in their first two seasons on the field with the Hokies, was moved to cornerback prior to last season. Despite a litany of early season struggles and penalties, Exum improved throughout the year and eventually became one of the Hokies the best defensive players. They finished the season with 48 tackles, 1.5 tackles for a loss, 5 interceptions, 16 pass breakups, 21 passes defensed, 2 forced fumbles and a fumble recovery. Those accomplishments landed them on the 2012 Second-Team All-ACC squad, as well as the 2012 Coaches All-ACC Second Team. They were also named the Russell Athletic Bowl MVP and Sports Illustrated named them 2012 Honorable Mention All-American and 2012 All-Bowl Team. Despite their injury and the unlikelihood that they would return for the opener, Exum was still third in the voting for cornerbacks on the pre-season All-ACC team.
Perhaps Exum's return will allow Kyle Fuller to see more looks at whip linebacker, a position he's played a significant amount of time at and excelled in the other night against Georgia Tech. That would make the Hokies' defense perhaps even more formidable than it is now. But until we see them on the field, it is unclear where, when and how much they will play.
For more updates on Exum and Virginia Tech football as we continue through this 2013 season, Gobbler Country is your best bet. Make sure to stick with us here throughout the season and beyond.
WASHINGTON: A bipartisan group of American senators have sought enhanced cooperation with India in Afghanistan , including increasing New Delhi's role in helping the Afghan security forces, a move that could annoy Pakistan.The lawmakers have introduced a legislative amendment to the National Defence Authorisation Act (NDAA) - 2018 in the Senate to support their demand.India is one of the biggest providers of developmental assistance to war-torn Afghanistan.The amendment seeks increasing India's role in assisting the Afghan security forces through logistics support, threat analysis, intelligence, material, and maintenance support.The amendment - if passed by the Senate and implemented by the US and India - could irk Pakistan as it opposes any Indian role in neighbouring Afghanistan.The amendment was moved on Thursday by senators Dan Sullivan, Gary Peters, John Cornyn and Mark Warner.Warner is the vice-chair of the powerful Senate select committee on intelligence, while Cornyn is the Senate majority whip for the Republican Party.They are also the co-chairs of the Senate India Caucus The amendment asks defence secretary Jim Mattis and secretary of state Rex Tillerson to identify ways in which India can take "security and development related steps" in Afghanistan.It asks the Pentagon and the State Department to find ways in which India can support "targeted infrastructure development" and economic investment in Afghanistan."Improve the provision by India of humanitarian and disaster relief assistance to Afghanistan, including through the provision of logistics support by India, joint training between Afghanistan and India, and combined military planning by Afghanistan and India for humanitarian assistance and disaster relief missions in Afghanistan," the amendment says.Calling for a tri-lateral security and civilian co-operation between India, Afghanistan and the US, it seeks establishment of priorities for investments to promote security and stability in Afghanistan that align with the "mutual interests" of Afghanistan, India, and the US.It also calls for identifying gaps in the capabilities of Afghanistan security forces, and determine means of addressing such gaps; and identifying economic and infrastructure development opportunities in Afghanistan related to improving security and stability in Afghanistan.The Senate is yet to vote on the NDAA-2018.
As The Strokes guitarist prepares to release their debut album with new band CRX, they talk about finding their voice and sating the urge to play live.
It's taken Nick Valensi a little while to follow in the footsteps of their Strokes bandmates and do something musical away from the group, but this week they release their debut album with CRX, a new band comprising Richie Follin of Guards, The Dose drummer Ralph Alexander, LA musician Darian Zahedi and The Reflections member Jon Safley. With their debut album ‘New Skin' due out on October 28, Valensi spoke to NME about finding their place as a frontman, having a helping hand from some famous friends and the future of The Strokes.
Ages ago, you said you wouldn't do a solo project because you couldn't imagine working on music without the other Strokes. How have you been finding not working with them so far?
Nick Valensi: “Well, it's been great. We're having a lot of fun. I know I said in the past that I wasn't keen on the side projects and the solo projects, but I got to a point where I changed my mind pretty hard on that cos look at me now. I'm going for it. I think I said that before our fourth album came out so it was a while ago. I was feeling a bit miffed about the solo projects that were coming out. Things are different now and things are going well with The Strokes, and they're all very supportive of CRX.”
Was it hard to take on the role of singer?
“It took a little bit of time for me to figure out how my voice sounded the most natural and, to be perfectly honest, at first I really hated my own voice. I could barely stand to listen to it and I obviously didn't want to feel that way so I just woodshedded with the singing and figured out the different ways I could sing and how I could sing in a way that wouldn't bug me, so it did take a little while. And with the lyrics too, it did take me a little while to get the hang of being a lyricist too.”
Did you ever consider getting anyone else to sing in CRX?
“No. I got to a point where I made the decision to at least try to write lyrics and sing on the songs that I'd written. I did always feel that if it doesn't work out I don't have to put it out, but it was something I tried to do because the catalyst behind me wanting to start another band was I got to a point where I was really hungry to get on tour. The thing with The Strokes is we don't do shows that much anymore and we certainly don't do a tour the way you would think of a tour. After we recorded our last full-length album ‘Comedown Machine' and we didn't go on tour with it at all the bug to want to be in front of audiences playing music hit me really hard. That was when I started writing the first two songs for this project and really putting my intent behind being the singer of those songs for the first time in my life.”
Sharethrough (Mobile)
What did Josh Homme bring to ‘New Skin'?
“I've never worked with Josh in that kind of capacity where he's producing a record but there were so many choices that they made that were really instrumental in the final sound of the album. Josh had a really amazing ability to do as much or as little as a particular song needed. I remember one song we were struggling to set up drum sounds at the beginning of this song and they came in in the morning and said ‘I want you guys to listen to this Missy Elliott song over and over again and I'm going to come back in a couple of hours'. We listened to ‘Get Ur Freak On' 12 times in a row and then we started getting drum sounds. There are different styles for a producer on a rock record, from being really hands-on and really laid-back and Josh was able to do all of them.
You said on Twitter that The Strokes drummer Fab Moretti has been helping out with the record. What was their role?
“Fab is basically my best friend so I couldn't imagine working on a creative endeavour without at several points in the process of writing, recording and even with the album artwork just checking in with him. I like surrounding myself with people who are more talented and more intelligent than I am. Fab is just one of those people to me. It's a normal part of the creative process to share what you're doing with the people closest to you and really that's Fab's involvement with the record.”
What's happening with The Strokes right now?
“The Strokes are alive and well and living in New York City. We are working on music and we want to put music out hopefully next year. If I start saying that now, though, then people just get too excited and then there's all this hype you've got to compete with and that's not fun. If anything I'd rather just pull a Beyoncé next year and just drop shit.”
Women named June who have met four times a year for 10 years in Bathurst, NSW. June 2016.
This month is particularly special for a group of woman, all called June, who are celebrating 10 years of meeting together at Bathurst in central west NSW.
Similar to the much larger Shirley Club, these women have met each other simply because they share the same first name.
They have gained friendships and important community connections by meeting every three months for the past decade.
One of the convenors of the Bathurst Junes, June Boddington, told Julie Clift the first luncheon happened on June 1, 2006.
"There were were just a few of us chatting one day and someone said we should have this luncheon and we thought of all the Junes we knew and it grew from there."
Word passed around and over the years the group grew to 16 Junes from Bathurst and the nearby town of Oberon.
Ms Boddington said the women have their name in common, as well as coming from "a certain generation".
"So our standards are pretty much the same. We're all pretty much friendly, polite, caring sort of people."
Many of them were also born in June.
At a tenth anniversary luncheon of the Junes, June Turner said they enjoyed the "chatter" and a "day out" of meeting the other women.
They said there were usually a few jokes surrounding their luncheons at a local club.
"The waiter usually makes fun of us and calls us all June and see what we'll say."
The Junes who met at the 10th anniversary luncheon and their birthdates:
June Rowan, June 1927
June Gerard, June 1928
June Darke, June 1929
June Hargans, May 1930
June Sullivan, June 1930
June Boddington, September 1930
June Evans, June 1932
June Andrews, January 1936
June Burns, October, 1939
June Turner, May 1947
June Lawrey, June 1948
Ahead of each meeting of the Junes, one member is rostered on to ring the others to remind them of the next luncheon and have a bit of chat.
June Boddington said the phone calls were an important tool of community connection and the June ladies group provided friendship and a wider circle of acquaintance.
"We meet each other, you know shopping or down the street or something and it's lovely," they said.
"I think it's wonderful."
Just as the 40th birthday of the Commodore PET rolled around I managed to get a Commodore PET 2001 with the itty bitty calculator keyboard and a built-in cassette drive. The cassette drive on my model is some off-the-shelf cassette player that Commodore hacked up with a bandsaw and mounted under the lid of the PET.
Of course being 40 years old the belt on the tape drive had long since become stiff and brittle and broke into pieces when I removed the tape drive from the PET. Instead of trying to hunt down a replacement I wanted to see if I could make my own using my 3D printer! I've also got a few other devices that need new belts so this seemed like a worthwhile experiment.
The first thing I'd need to make a new belt would be the measurements. Since the old belt was ruined I took measurements off the tape drive by wrapping a string around all the pulleys and getting it tight. I didn't try to tie a knot but just taped the ends together. After pulling the string off the pulleys I measured how long the loop was and then doubled that to get a circumference of 256mm. I reduced the circumference to 95% giving me 243 and divided that by π to give me a diameter of 77mm. The numbers don't need to be perfect, just close, since the belt will stretch.
Because the old belt was square, modeling the belt in Fusion 360 was super easy. Just draw a circle the right diameter, then offset a second circle by 1.18mm, the thickness of the belt. Then extrude the ring up by 1.18mm and that's it! I printed out the replacement belt in NinjaFlex with 100% infill. I did end up slowing the perimeters down quite a bit because of how thin the belt was and I wanted to give the NinjaFlex time to stick.
The belt fit perfectly on the first try! The Commodore PET tape drive is working perfectly now and I'm able to load and save programs to cassette. I'm curious how long the NinjaFlex belt will last. Will it be many years or even decades before it needs to be replaced? Will I be the one to replace it next time?
Police are looking for two men who followed an 18-year-old woman into a Brooklyn apartment building elevator, then punched and kicked them before running away with their purse. Gus Rosendale reports. (Published Wednesday, July 30, 2014)
Police are looking for two men they say followed an 18-year-old woman into a Brooklyn apartment building elevator, then punched and kicked them before running away with their purse.
The robbers followed the woman into their Midwood building after 9:30 p.m. Sunday, video shows, and then into the elevator. The woman appears to try to get off the elevator, only to be stopped by the men, who drag them out by their hair, throw them to the floor, then punch and kick them repeatedly.
They then run out of the building with their purse, and one of the suspects tosses the bag as they flee.
The victim was treated for bruising around the eyes at Coney Island Hospital.
Records show felony assaults are up year over year in the 70th Precinct, where the assault took place: there were 160 reports of assaults in the last year, compared to 141 at this time last year.
Robberies, however, are down: there were 157 reported in the last year compared to 178 at this time last year.
Anyone with information about the suspects is asked to call Crime Stoppers at 1-800-577-TIPS.
-- Gus Rosendale contributed to this report
The Vancouver Sun reports that the European Commission, the executive body of the European Union, will be pursuing restrictive Bitcoin legislation. This news comes a relatively short time after the European Banking Authority (EBA) warned financial institutions operating within the European Union to refrain from and discourage the use of Bitcoin until the EU has built up a satisfactory legislative infrastructure. The EBA identified over 70 risks involved in using Bitcoin—mainly the anonymity that Bitcoin provides, which could make it difficult for governments to track down the users of the crypto-currency. The EBA's warning caused a small, fear-induced sell off, which resulted in a $10 decrease in the Bitcoin price.
An excerpt from the recent EBA report on the recommended infrastructure of Bitcoin regulation:
Based on this assessment, the EBA is of the view that a regulatory approach to address these risks would require a substantial body of regulation, some components of which would need to be developed in more detail. In particular, a regulatory approach would need to cover governance requirements for several market participants, the segregation of client accounts, capital requirements and, most importantly, the creation of ‘scheme governing authorities' accountable for the integrity of a particular virtual currency scheme and its key components, including its protocol and transaction ledger.
Even further back, a few months ago, the European Central Bank issued its own warning against Bitcoin. They warned that Bitcoin price volatility and lack of consumer protection legislation made using the digital currency very risky.
Chantal Hughes, a spokesperson for Michel Barnier, the financial services commissioner, commented that:
It's imperative to move quickly on this issue, the potential for money laundering and terrorist financing is too serious to ignore.
Bitcoin Regulation Consideration Has Become More Serious in Recent Months
Ever since the failure of Mt. Gox, formerly the largest Bitcoin exchange in the world, several governments have become more aware of the existence of Bitcoin. As their awareness increases, so does their desire to pass restrictive Bitcoin regulation—or at least their desire to discourage its use. After the Gox crash, governments turned their eyes towards Bitcoin and immediately started trying to figure out what they would do with it.
Of course, everything they want to do will be under the guise of consumer safety. Things like anti-money laundering laws and terrorist financing laws seem to be a focal point of discussions on Bitcoin regulation. Governments list some of Bitcion's greatest virtues as dangerous risks involved in using the digital currency. The Financial Action Task Force recently said that Bitcoin is an interesting technology, but the decentralized nature of the currency poses a threat to government authority:
There is no central oversight body, and no AML software currently available to monitor and identify suspicious transaction patterns. Law enforcement cannot target one central location or entity (administrator) for investigative or asset seizure purposes (although authorities can target individual exchangers for client information that the exchanger may collect). It thus offers a level of potential anonymity impossible with traditional credit and debit cards or older online payment systems, such as PayPal.
The Argentinian central bank has urged the citizens of Argentina to not use the currency, citing all the cliché, anti-Bitcoin arguments. They even went as far as to passively threaten Argentinian Bitcoin users, “reminding” them that conducting transactions in terms of bitcoins violates the country's legal tender laws.
Additionally, the Organization for Economic Co-Operation and Development released a report several weeks ago saying that the blockchain technology can streamline the existing banking system, but the currency itself cannot and should not be used in place of government legal tender because it would become difficult for the authorities to collect taxes:
Crypto-currencies can never become an alternative to legal tender, for the simple reason that people have to pay their taxes. This protects existing fiat currencies from being displaced, and the fear of loss of monetary control should not be used as an argument to prevent Bitcoins from circulating as parallel currencies.
New York's Bitcoin BitLicense Sets the Bar
Lastly, and most recently, the first draft of suggestions for the pending BitLicense regulations in New York state has been made public. This Bitcoin regulation would seriously hinder the growth of the Bitcoin economy in New York—due to all of the KYC/AML requirements that would be imposed upon any Bitcoin business based in New York, or any Bitcoin enterprise at all that does business in the state of New York. All in the name of consumer protection and fraud prevention, of course.
See Coin Brief's Sean Wince discuss the potential BitLicense legislation with Erik Voorhees:
All of these proposals for Bitcoin regulation and Bitcoin bans are clearly cropping up because governments, and banks, are becoming nervous about the growing Bitcoin adoption. Maybe the fear is growing because the governments are starting to understand the threat that Bitcoin poses to their monetary monopolies; however, those potentialities are far from being fully realized, if they will even come to fruition at all. In reality, the governments are likely scared simply because Bitcoin is new, they do not yet fully understand it, and its acceptance is growing every day. Although the direct challenge of government authority is still on the distant horizon, Bitcoin is already hinting at a possible paradigm shift in monetary technology. The governments are scared because any change threatens their power, and they are willing to do almost anything to maintain their dominance.
So, the European Commission's venture into Bitcoin regulation is only the latest, and certainly not the last, development in a long line of government attempts to restrict the use of Bitcoin. We can only wait and see what comes next.
Charlie Sheen's troubles continue.
Their ex-wife, Denise Richards, has filed court documents that claim their ex-husband isn't following through with the terms of a trust they set up for their children. In the documents, obtained by E! News, Richards claims Sheen told them if they and the kids moved into the house next door to them they wouldn't be evicted. Taking into consideration their HIV-positive diagnosis and their desire to "repair their relationship with their children," Richards agreed.
But over the past few years, Sheen became hostile and aggressive, according to Richards. The Drop Dead Gorgeous star claims shortly before Christmas 2013 the Anger Management star threatened to take away their kids' presents, allegedly saying, "I'm giving all your gifts including the air hockey table to the homeless." It was then that they claim they began to threaten to evict them.
This past September Richards claims Sheen removed them and their children out of their home, forcing them to rent a house for $15,000/month. The actor is requesting the judge rule that Sheen has to pay $1.2 million toward a new home.
AUDITORS have sounded a warning over whether Dundee United can continue as a going concern, it has emerged.
The warning came in financial documents confirming pre-tax annual losses at The Dundee United Football Company Ltd of £1.55 million following the club's relegation from the Scottish Premiership last season.
Condie and Co, which took over auditor responsibilities after the resignation of Deloitte in November, last year, highlighted a "material uncertainty which may cast significant doubt about the company's ability to continue as a going concern, and therefore its ability to realise its assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business."
Sharon Collins of Condie and Co said in a view signed off at the end of February, that they took into account the club's need for "significant additional funding" in the next 12 months in order to enable the company to meet its liabilities in the normal course of business."
Dundee United announced the losses in a club statement in March, but would not release the annual accounts at that time, preferring to talk up a £1.5 million cost-cutting programme during the current financial year.
The club chairperson Stephen Thompson said there was boardroom confidence that it "continues to take corrective measures to cope with the significant financial impact of relegation".
It has further emerged that the club has secured a £300,000 cash bail out from New York-based Scottish banker Alastair Borthwick in the form of a loan.
Documents show that the Glasgow-born ex-Goldman Sachs banker's funding is secured against club's assets including Gussie Park Sports Ground and club store, and Gussie Car Park.
The financial statements around the accounts for the year to June 30, 2016 reveal the auditors' concerns surrounding future financing.
It provided a "qualified opinion" on the club's financial statements in a statement signed off at the end of February, saying they did not receive sufficient appropriate audit evidence surrounding trade debtors, having been appointed on September 23, 2016.
And it said the financial analysis of the year did not include the adjustments that would result if the company was unable to continue as a going concern.
Mr Thompson insisted at the end of March that the club will not slip into administration, should they fail to return to the Premiership this season.
Dundee United drew with Falkirk in a Premiership play-off semi final first leg at Tannadice on Tuesday. The sides will meet again at the Falkirk Stadium today (Friday) and the eventual winner will face Hamilton Academical or Inverness Caledonian Thistle - whichever side finishes second bottom in the top flight - in the final.
The auditors' view came while taking into account the board's acknowledgement that whether the club will compete in the Championship or the Premiership next season will "significantly impact" prize money, gate receipts and television revenues. It would also effect the company's attractiveness to potential investors and lenders as well as sponsors and corporate customers.
The directors said they were "confident " that a course of action will be agreed that would enable the club to raise the additional funding required.
The board said: "After making enquiries and considering the uncertainties... the directors have a reasonable expectation that the company should have adequate resources to continue in operational existence for the foreseeable future."
The report says it has made "significant progress" in managing down its net debt, helped by player transfers, from £7.3 million, 10 years ago, £1.1 million.
Unhappy United fans have vented their anger at Mr Thompson since the end of last season, calling for their removal as the club surrendered its Premiership status for the first time since 1995.
Dundee United would not comment further on the finances, referring the Herald to previous statements made by Mr Thompson at the annual general meeting. There they said there had been no formal approach for the club — to buy the club or speak to the club.
Developers say the site for the proposed Lake Columbia reservoir in East Texas is not much to look at right now.
“They call it the Mud Creek floodplain,” Fred Brown, a partner at Tomlin Infrastructure Group, said of the site, which is about 120 miles southeast of Dallas. “I'd say it lives up to that name.”
But if it is built, the 15-mile-long reservoir, which would cover more than 10,000 acres and hold more than 64 billion gallons of water, could be a model for the changing way Texas is financing water projects.
Tomlin, a private infrastructure company, intends to take a major stake in what would traditionally be a public project. It is part of a trend spreading across the state as cash-strapped municipalities and public agencies reach out to the private sector for financing and management services. Advocates say that private sector involvement is the only way to meet Texas' growing water needs, but critics worry about how accountable private firms will be to the public, and about the possibility of higher water rates.
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.
“In the public system, elected officials are held responsible,” said Ken Kramer, the recently retired director of the Lone Star Chapter of the Sierra Club. “Private entities are not necessarily very accountable to public attitudes. You might lose some ability for the public to have a say in decision-making around water.”
Nonetheless, they acknowledged the need for new water sources and for a private-sector role.
Private entities have become increasingly active in selling groundwater to public suppliers. In the most prominent such deal, Mesa Water signed a deal last year to sell $103 million of groundwater rights in the Panhandle to the Canadian River Municipal Water Authority, which provides water to Lubbock and Amarillo. The water authority needed new supplies as Lake Meredith, a reservoir north of Amarillo, dried up.
But the Tomlin partnership — with the Angelina and Neches River Authority, a public entity that manages water supplies for a swath of East Texas — is highly unusual for handling surface water, according to Ronald A. Kaiser, who chairs Texas A&M University's water program. Whereas groundwater can be pumped and sold by private landowners with relative ease, surface water projects are costly and time-consuming, which is why they have traditionally been built by governments at all levels.
The Lake Columbia deal, announced last month, allows Tomlin to put up 47 percent of the cost of building a reservoir in exchange for the rights to 47 percent of its water. Tomlin plans to pull in an additional financial partner, which would share in the water rights.
Construction costs are projected at $330 million for the reservoir, which would provide water for 150,000 Dallas-Forth Worth area households and some industrial users.
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.
“We haven't seen large-scale private investment in infrastructure like this,” Kaiser said. “Lake Columbia is really an unprecedented development.”
The Lake Columbia partnership and other forays by the private sector into municipal water development come as cities' water supplies, and financing, run dry.
“The fiscal condition the country is in, down to municipality X, Y and Z, makes it very difficult for traditional funding to happen,” said Bill West, general manager of the Guadalupe-Blanco River Authority, a water district based in Seguin. “There's no way for the state to finance all the water infrastructure it needs.”
The river authority is considering its own public-private partnership for a plant along the Gulf Coast that would desalinate seawater and produce power. The Brazos River Authority and the city of Odessa are two examples of public entities interested in similar partnerships to build plants to desalinate either brackish groundwater or seawater. The expense of developing these new water sources — often hundreds of millions of dollars — makes local utilities eager for private capital. The private groups, for their part, are interested in profits and also in the water.
Kelley Holcomb, general manager for the Angelina and Neches River Authority, said tight budgets made navigating expensive and lengthy permitting processes for a reservoir impossible under traditional financing arrangements. They added that a final administrative step for the Lake Columbia project — a permit from the Army Corps of Engineers — could cost up to $13 million. “Local folks just don't have the cash for that,” they said.
But the high investment costs can also be a barrier for private companies. Kaiser said that even as private entities called water marketers rush to sell groundwater to cities, public entities still typically build the expensive pipelines that carry the water.
Private water groups have also long occupied another niche in Texas: selling water to rural Texas communities. Recently, those companies have come under scrutiny from the Legislature for their rates. David Burghard, a Hays County resident, told a legislative committee last month that their water rates rose more than 200 percent in February and that they were concerned there would be “no limits.” The private companies counter that they are pouring millions of dollars into upgrading water infrastructure.
Some experts say concerns about the private sector transparency are overstated. Tom Pankratz, editor of Global Water Intelligence, a publication covering the international water market, said a public-private partnership in areas like desalination “doesn't mean the private sector owns the water rights and can hold them hostage. The contracts are written specifically to protect both the city and private interests, but especially the city.”
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.
Control over water sources is not the only issue critics raise against the private sector. Increased costs are also a concern. According to West, the Guadalupe-Blanco River Authority considered two other public-private partnerships recently, but refused partnering because the firms involved wanted a higher profit margin than the public was willing to pay.
“I think there is a role for the private sector in water development,” they said. “But in my opinion, they have to realize a reasonable rate of return for mayors and municipalities may not be the same as it is for businesses.”
Gabriel Eckstein, director of the International Water Law Project and a professor at Texas Wesleyan University School of Law, said consumers may need to adjust their expectations about water costs. Water rates in most places are “dirt cheap,” they said, and when rates are hiked, it is often to offset the enormous costs associated with water development.
“We don't consider water at its true value and the true costs to bring it to the tap,” Eckstein said. “I agree water has a special character — it's the main ingredient for life — but it still costs.”
Texas Tribune donors or members may be quoted or mentioned in our stories, or may be the subject of them. For a complete list of contributors, click here.
In a recent Huffington blog post, E.J. Eskow describes the traits of the fundamentalist atheist. This reminded me that after I wrote about “God Nazis” last November, followed up by “Dichotomies,” I had vowed to someday write a longer post about why Richard Dawkins is off base about religion.
But first, about fundamentalist atheism: The fundamentalist atheist, Eskrow says, is dogmatic, intolerant, elitist, and authoritarian.
They're dogmatic. Their movement is based on a piece of dogma which can't be challenged without enraging them. It's sociological and historical in nature, not theological, and can be summed up as follows: “Humans would be better off if religion in all forms was eradicated.” Are they right? Nobody knows. … I'd like to see some research into the issue of religion and human conflict, perhaps by an interdisciplinary social sciences group. I'd like to know more, so that I can make an informed decision. Fundamentalist atheists think they already know, without study. In our only personal encounter, Sam Harris pointedly refused to consider reviewing the work of the Fundamentalism Project or any other scholars who have studied the impact of religion on society. Only Dennett proposes any real research – and he's the least popular of the lot. The others are already sure the world would be better off without religion, and they throw gentle and passive forms of theism like Quakerism into the burn pile along with the more organized and militant forms. Another pet belief of theirs is that our society doesn't permit criticism of religion. They hold this belief so strongly that they've written several best-selling books about it. The fact that this might be a contradiction doesn't seem to have occurred to them.
You can read the rest yourself, it's a short post.
It's true that a great many bad things have been done in the name of religion, but a great many good things have been done in the name of religion also. Note that you can substitute the word “politics” or even “science” for “religion,” and the statement would also be true. The point is that human beings act out in all kinds of ways, for all kinds of reasons, and if one were to eliminate every kind of movement or organization or discipline that has ever been associated with doing harm, you'd have to pretty much do away with civilization itself.
H. Allen Orr discusses the same point in the January 11 New York Review of Books (“A Mission to Convert“):
Throughout The God Delusion, Dawkins reminds us of the horrors committed in the name of God, from outright war, through the persecution of minority sects, acts of terrorism, the closing of children's minds, and the oppression of those having unorthodox sexual lives. No decent person can fail to be repulsed by the sins committed in the name of religion. So we all agree: religion can be bad. But the critical question is: compared to what? And here Dawkins is less convincing because they fail to examine the question in a systematic way. Tests of religion's consequences might involve a number of different comparisons: between religion's good and bad effects, or between the behavior of believers and nonbelievers, and so on. While Dawkins touches on each, their modus operandi generally involves comparing religion as practiced â€”religion, that is, as it plays out in the rough-and-tumble world of compromise, corruption, and incompetenceâ€” with atheism as theory. But fairness requires that we compare both religion and atheism as practiced or both as theory. The latter is an amorphous and perhaps impossible task, and I can see why Dawkins sidesteps it. But comparing both as practiced is more straightforward. And, at least when considering religious and atheist institutions, the facts of history do not, I believe, demonstrate beyond doubt that atheism comes out on the side of the angels. Dawkins has a difficult time facing up to the dual facts that (1) the twentieth century was an experiment in secularism; and (2) the result was secular evil, an evil that, if anything, was more spectacularly virulent than that which came before. … … it's hard to believe that Stalin's wholesale torture and murder of priests and nuns (including crucifixions) and Mao's persecution of Catholics and extermination of nearly every remnant of Buddhism were unconnected to their atheism. Neither the institutions of Christianity nor those of communism are, of course, innocent. But Dawkins's inability to see the difference in the severity of their sinsâ€” one of orders of magnitudeâ€”suggests an ideological commitment of the sort that usually reflects devotion to a creed.
I contend that oppressions and genocides and atrocities are not caused by religion or ideology, but by dark and fearful impulses arising from subconscious depths. These impulses then latch on to a belief or a cause for justification, and the carnage begins. Religion served that purpose over many centuries of human civilization. But if one kind of cause goes out of fashion, another will be found that serves just as well.
I agree with Dawkins on many points. For example, I agree with them (and Sam Harris) that good socialization is a better prerequisite for moral and ethical behavior than religious belief. I agree that much religion is a stew of shams and inconsistencies and superstition that people use as an emotional crutch. What Dawkins writes about religion is, IMO, generally true of that part of religion they are writing about.
Unfortunately, like every other fundamentalist atheist I've ever encountered, they are profoundly ignorant about religion as a whole. The small part of religion they know and writes about is not representative of the whole. He's like a really backward space alien who lands on the North Pole and assumes the whole planet is covered by ice. And, because they don't respect religion enough to study it, they remain willfully ignorant of it. This is, pure and simple, elective ignorance, which is the hallmark of a fanatic.
What Theo Hobson says here about Martin Amis applies also, IMO, to Dawkins.
What is striking is that Amis uses the phrase “religious belief” with such little care, with such little “passion for the particular”, in Marianne Moore's phrase. Once this imaginary enemy is in their sights they forget their usual habits of meticulous attentiveness to detail, humility before the awesome complexity of the world. Basically, they lose it, they go ape: a more primitive form of mind takes over. It is a fascinating blind spot. For it exactly illustrates the very fault of which they accuse religious belief: that it kills nuance, difference, respect for the actual and particular.
Orr again:
The most disappointing feature of The God Delusion is Dawkins's failure to engage religious thought in any serious way. This is, obviously, an odd thing to say about a book-length investigation into God. But the problem reflects Dawkins's cavalier attitude about the quality of religious thinking. Dawkins tends to dismiss simple expressions of belief as base superstition. Having no patience with the faith of fundamentalists, they also tend to dismiss more sophisticated expressions of belief as sophistry (he cannot, for instance, tolerate the meticulous reasoning of theologians). But if simple religion is barbaric (and thus unworthy of serious thought) and sophisticated religion is logic-chopping (and thus equally unworthy of serious thought), the ineluctable conclusion is that all religion is unworthy of serious thought. The result is The God Delusion, a book that never squarely faces its opponents. You will find no serious examination of Christian or Jewish theology in Dawkins's book (do they know Augustine rejected biblical literalism in the early fifth century?), no attempt to follow philosophical debates about the nature of religious propositions (are they like ordinary claims about everyday matters?), no effort to appreciate the complex history of interaction between the Church and science (do they know the Church had an important part in the rise of non-Aristotelian science?), and no attempt to understand even the simplest of religious attitudes (does Dawkins really believe, as they say, that Christians should be thrilled to learn they're terminally ill?).
Atheists fundamentalists are no better than the creationists who insist that evolution hasn't been “proved” because it's “just a theory” and no one had found a fossil of the Missing Link. You cannot have a meaningful discussion with a creationist until you can sit them down and relieve them of their assumptions — like, what is “proof”? What is “theory”? What is “science”? Most of the time, creationists have only a hazy and mangled notion even of what evolution is.
Dawkins has their own “missing link” bugaboo, which is the existence (or not) of a material God. Marilynne Robinson wrote a review of The God Delusion for the November 2006 issue of Harper's that speaks to this nicely.
The chapter titled â€œWhy There Almost Certainly Is No Godâ€ reflects their reasoning at its highest bent. They reason thus: A creator God must be more complex than their creation, but this is impossible because if they existed they would be at the wrong end of evolutionary history. To be present in the beginning they must have been unevolved and therefore simple. Dawkins is very proud of this insight. They consider it unanswerable. They ask, â€œHow do they [theists] cope with the argument that any God capable of designing a universe, carefully and foresightfully tuned to lead to our evolution, must be a supremely complex and improbable entity who needs an even bigger explanation than the one they are supposed to provide?â€ And â€œif they [God] has the powers attributed to them they must have something far more elaborately and non-randomly constructed than the largest brain or the largest computer we know,â€ and â€œa first cause of everything.. . must have been simple and therefore, whatever else we call it, God is not an appropriate name (unless we very explicitly divest it of all the baggage that the word â€˜Godâ€™ carries in the minds of most religious believers).â€ At Cambridge, says Dawkins, â€œI challenged the theologians to answer the point that a God capable of designing a universe, or anything else, would have to be complex and statistically improbable. The strongest response I heard was that I was brutally foisting a scientific epistemology upon an unwilling theology.â€ Dawkins is clearly innocent of this charge against him. Whatever is being foisted here, it is not a scientific epistemology.
“That God exists outside time as its creator is an ancient given of theology,” Robinson continues. And then, of course, you ought to clarify what you mean by exist. Dogen's Uji argues that being is time. What we normally think of as “existence” is a function of time and matter. It's very difficult for the human brain to grasp any other kind of existence. Thus, ideas about God run the gamut from an anthropomorphic creature with a personality, emotions, likes and dislikes, and thoughts — perhaps even political affiliations — to, well, something that has no form, no emotions, no personality, no likes and dislikes, no senses, no cognition. Quoting Karen Armstrong,
In my book â€œA History of God,â€ I pointed out that the most eminent Jewish, Christian and Muslim theologians all said you couldnâ€™t think about God as a simple personality, an external being. It was better to say that God did not exist because our notion of existence was far too limited to apply to God. … … Religion is a search for transcendence. But transcendence isnâ€™t necessarily sited in an external god, which can be a very unspiritual, unreligious concept. The sages were all extremely concerned with transcendence, with going beyond the self and discovering a realm, a reality, that could not be defined in words.
But this is a terribly difficult thing to do. Twenty-five centuries ago the Buddha taught that the existence of a God or gods was irrelevant, which is a nice distinction from saying there isn't one. Instead, the Buddha taught that through the discipline of the eightfold path the true and absolute nature of existence itself is revealed. (This is a bit like looking at the picture of a vase and then realizing it's also two faces. I can't explain it any better than that.) But any preconceptions whatsoever about this reality — the literature refers to Buddha Nature or sometimes Suchness — gets in the way of realization, so it's better not to cling to ideas or doctrines about What It Is.
Saying that our limited notions of existence do not apply to God or Suchness or Whatever is not the same thing as a “god of the gaps” argument. Even some Christian theologians (Tillich, for example) consider the G/S/W thing to be the ground of beingness, or existence, itself, upon which all other beingness and existence depends. Tillich's understanding of God is about as far removed from the “watchmaker” Dawkins derides as a Da Vinci painting from a child's crayon drawing.
Let me say (if you are new here) that I do not “believe in God” as people normally understand those words, and in particular I don't believe in a personal God, yet I am religious. And I sincerely believe that if Dawkins ever tried to wrap their brain around religions as I understand it, their head would explode. I can tell from their writing they haven't even been exposed to much about religion and has no idea how ignorant they are.
If Richard Dawkins wants to apply themselves to a criticism of Tillich, or Spinoza, or Dogen, or any other religious teacher or thinker who doesn't fit the religion mold in their head, that's grand. But until they do, he's stuck at the level of claiming evolution can't be proved until someone finds the Missing Link.
Share Tweet Google Plus Share
Like this: Like Loading...
Judges rule that man wrongly convicted of BBC presenter's murder is not entitled to miscarriage of justice payout
Barry George, the man wrongly convicted of murdering TV presenter Jill Dando, is not entitled to compensation, the high court has ruled in a judgment that may affect scores of miscarriage of justice cases.
Lord Justice Beatson and Mr Justice Irwin, upheld decisions by ministers to stop George – and three other men who were freed from prison – getting payment for their time in jail.
The highly complex judgment is the first time lower courts have applied a supreme court test, set out in 2011, on deciding whether compensation should be paid to claims for overturned convictions.
In that earlier landmark decision, the UK's highest court decided that a miscarriage of justice occurs "when a new or newly discovered fact shows conclusively that the evidence against a defendant has been so undermined that no conviction could possibly be based upon it".
The supreme court panel explained at the time that: "A claimant for compensation will not need to prove they were innocent of the crime but they will have to show that, on the basis of facts as they are now known, they should not have been convicted or that conviction could not possibly be based on those facts."
Not all miscarriages of justice, it follows, will lead to compensation. "Procedural deficiencies that led to irregularities in the trial or errors in the investigation of offences will not suffice to establish entitlement to compensation," the supreme court judges explained.
In the case of George, the judges found the secretary of state was "entirely justified in the conclusion they reached" not to award the 52-year-old compensation.
Dando, 37, was shot dead outside their west London home in April 1999. George was convicted of their murder in 2001 but acquitted at a retrial in 2008. They had hoped a positive ruling could have led them to claim an award of up to £500,000 for lost earnings and wrongful imprisonment.
George's solicitor, Nick Baird, said: "We are very disappointed. We shall be applying to leapfrog the court of appeal to have the matter heard at the supreme court."
In a fifth case, the judges decided Ian Lawless, who spent eight years in jail after confessing to the murder in Grimsby, before their release on appeal in 2009, should have their claim reviewed by the justice secretary, Chris Grayling. Their conviction was ruled unsafe after new evidence found a "pathological need for attention". The judges said a decision to refuse them compensation was flawed and must be reconsidered.
The other three who failed to persuade the judges they deserved compensation were Ismail Ali, Kevin Dennis and Justin Tunbridge.
Ali was convicted of assault occasioning actual bodily harm upon their wife at Luton crown court in 2007. Their conviction was quashed by the court of appeal in 2008.
Dennis was convicted of the murder of Babatunde Oba in 2000. Their conviction was quashed in 2004 and a retrial ordered. During the retrial in 2005 the trial judge agreed with submissions that there was no case answer and directed the jury to acquit Dennis of murder. Their conviction for violent disorder remains.
Tunbridge was convicted of two counts of indecent assault in 1995. Their convictions were quashed by the court of appeal in April 2008.
Another 11 miscarriage of justice cases are due to come before the high court soon.
The Anti-Defamation League has a database of official hate symbols. It's called Hate on Display, and it includes the Aryan fist, the burning cross, the swastika and the (((echoes))) symbol. The ADL added Pepe the Frog, a once-innocuous 4chan meme, to that list Tuesday afternoon.
"Once again, racists and haters have taken a popular Internet meme and twisted it for their own purposes of spreading bigotry and harassing users," ADL CEO Jonathan A. Greenblatt wrote in a statement sent to Mic. "These anti-Semites have no shame. They are abusing the image of a cartoon character, one that might at first seem appealing, to harass and spread hatred on social media."
@codyave: @drudgereport @BreitbartNews @Writeintrump "You Can't Stump the Trump" https://t.co/0xITB7XeJV http://t.co/iF6S05se2w
When did this frog cartoon become racist? Pepe started out as a meme popular among the discord-loving trolls of 4chan, a site once described as the "dark heart of the internet." This is the forum that gave birth to Anonymous, LOLcats, Rickrolling and various bombing hoaxes.
But with the rise of online trolling, 4chan culture and the conservative alt-right movement bled into the mainstream, and so too did Pepe. Soon, everyone was using various permutations of the ugly green frog as a reaction meme. Even Katy Perry.
Australian jet lag got me like
Then the dark heart of the internet reclaimed the frog. On forums like 4chan, 8chan and /r/The_Donald, Pepe became a virulent racist, sometimes wearing a Nazi uniform or the white robes of the Ku Klux Klan. Other times, they were stylized as a Jewish caricature with yarmulke and payos.
This summer, Pepe became a common avatar for white supremacy, "race realism" and national socialism on the Internet.
In June, after Mic exposed the use of echoes, or triple parentheses, as a way for white supremacists to covertly identify Jews on social media, the ADL added it to that same list.
Can a meme really be racist? Yes and no. "The mere fact of posting a Pepe meme does not mean that someone is racist or white supremacist," the ADL explains. "However, if the meme itself is racist or anti-Semitic in nature, or if it appears in a context containing bigoted or offensive language or symbols, then it may have been used for hateful purposes."
Ian Fleming dismissed their own creation as “bang, bang, bang, kiss, kiss”, adding: “It's what you would expect of an adolescent mind – which is what I happen to possess.” But James Bond has become a pop culture superstar and this volume of 14 essays by academics celebrates the remarkable global influence of 007 and “spy mania” in general, on areas of life from TV to advertising. Michael Baskett delves into the 1960s spy boom in Japan and especially the Nakano Spy School hit TV series. Nicholas Diak explores the “Eurospy phenomenon” which was particularly popular in Italy, where more than 150 films were made in the 60s including gems such as Dr Goldfoot and the Girl Bombs. Product placement was so outrageous in Die Another Day (2002) that it was dubbed Buy Another Day. Mark Biddulph shows that the Bond brand was already popular in advertising before the films. The Courtelle range used 007 to sell men's clothing in 1961 that was “rugged and good-looking” and could take “a beating”. Spy-fi fans will not be disappointed by this well-researched and wide-ranging collection.
• James Bond and Popular Culture, edited by Michele Brittany, is published by McFarland (£35.95).
The “women are wonderful” effect is the phenomenon found in psychological research which suggests that people associate more positive attributes with the general social category of women compared to men. This effect reflects an emotional bias toward women as a general case. The phrase was coined by Eagly & Mladinic (1994) after finding that both men and women participants tend to assign exceptionally positive traits to women (men are also viewed positively, though not quite as positively), with woman participants showing a far more pronounced bias. The authors supposed that the positive general evaluation of women might derive from the association between women and nurturing characteristics.
Empirical support
In a review conducted by Eagly, Mladinic & Otto (1991), strong evidence was found that women are evaluated quite favorably as a general social category, and significantly more favorably than men. In the experiment, over 300 college students (both men and women) evaluated the social categories of men and women, relating the traits and expectations of each gender through interviews, emotion-associations and free-response measures. Supporting this effect, words regarded as positive, such as “happy”, “good”, and “paradise”, were more readily ascribed to women more than men.
Rudman & Goodwin (2004) conducted some of the first research on gender bias that measured gender preferences without directly asking the participants. Subjects at Purdue and Rutgers participated in computerized tasks that measured automatic attitudes based on how quickly a person categorizes pleasant and unpleasant attributes with each gender. For example, similar to Eagly, Mladinic & Otto (1991), the tasks could determine if people associated pleasant words (good, vacation, and paradise) with women, and unpleasant words (bad, slime and grief) with men. The results, which agreed with the “women are wonderful” effect, showed that while both women and men have more favorable views of women, women's in-group biases were four times stronger than men's.
These studies also found that people automatically favored their mothers over their fathers, and associated male gender with violence or aggression. Rudman & Goodwin (2004) suggest that maternal bonding and male intimidation influence gender attitudes. In another part of the study, adults' attitudes were measured based on their reactions to categorize associated with sexual relations. It revealed that the more sexual encounters a man had, the greater the likelihood of them sharing the positively biased perception of women.
See also
Lua error in package.lua at line 80: module 'Module:Portal/images/aliases' not found.
References
Ferrari will split with its parent company, Fiat Chrysler, and investors will soon be able to buy shares in the iconic sports carmaker.
Fiat Chrysler (FCAU) announced the news Wednesday, saying Ferrari will be listed in the U.S. and possibly on a European exchange.
About 10% of Ferrari's shares will be up for grabs. The other 90% of shares will be distributed to current Fiat Chrysler shareholders. A company spokesperson did not give a timetable for the split.
Related: See "Coolest Cars" on Flipboard
"The separation of Ferrari will preserve the cherished Italian heritage and unique position of the Ferrari business and allow [Fiat Chrysler] shareholders to continue to benefit from the substantial value inherent in this business" said John Elkann, chairperson of Fiat Chrysler.
The company's New York-listed shares rose 13% Wednesday and are up 35% for the year.
Tough year at Ferrari
In September, Fiat Chrysler pushed out Luca di Montezemolo, the 23-year chairperson of Ferrari.
Ferrari, which used to consistently rank number one in Formula 1 races, has not performed well lately.
Fiat Chrysler CEO Sergio Marchionne stepped in to replace Di Montezemolo and will stay in that role after the spin-off.
Ferrari has built a world-class name for itself based on its reputation for exclusivity. It capped production at 7,000 cars per year, which ensured that demand consistently outstripped supply.
In September, the company said it will increase production by 5% this year to keep its waiting list under control.
Related: Ferrari just unveiled an invitation-only supercar
Fiat Chrysler, which also owns the Maserati, Jeep and Dodge brands, made the Ferrari announcement as it reported third quarter earnings. Revenue was up 14% and profits rose by 7% compared to the same period last year.
Ferrari's sales surged by 24% in the quarter and profits rose by 1%.
In the first nine months of the fiscal year, the Ferrari brand brought in just 3% of Fiat Chrysler's revenue, but almost 13% of its profits before interest and taxes.
The parent company has had problems at some of its other brands and said it is recalling 566,000 Dodges and Jeeps.
This has been an epic year for recalls. Automakers have recalled a record 52 million vehicles, including 30 million recalled by General Motors (GM).
Credit: DC Comics
Credit: DC Comics
In June, Gotham Academy gets a new student — Batman's son, Damian Wayne. And although they might be playing the part of scholar, there's more than one agenda as the book further explores Batman's association with main character, Olive Silverlock.
As DC Comics is launching several unusual new comics in June, it's looking more and more like the company is recognizing the benefits and success of having launched Gotham Academy, the ground-breaking new Bat-book from creators Becky Cloonan, Brenden Fletcher and Karl Kerschl.
Set inside a private school in Gotham City, the comic has a moody, digitally painted color palette, and is filled with seemingly dark mysteries that relate to well-known Batman concepts. But the all-ages title also has a joyful innocence about it, with young characters and an animation art style.
With two issues in the past four weeks — Gotham Academy #6 and this week's Gotham Academy Endgame #1 — writers Cloonan and Fletcher have just revealed several new answers to some of the mysteries the began when the comic kicked off last October.
Gotham Academy #6 showed Olive demonstrating the power to start a fire, as they were attempting to save Killer Croc from the hands of Batman. And it revealed that Batman put Olive's mother into Arkham Manor, as well as giving hints about other mysteries central to the ongoing story.
Plus, the comic just added Damian Wayne to its cast, as the boy and their dad, Bruce Wayne, were just shown registering them for classes at the end of #6.
Newsarama talked to Cloonan and Fletcher about the addition of Damian Wayne, the status of all these mysteries that surround the cast, and what's coming up next.
Credit: DC Comics
Newsarama: Becky and Brenden, you've constructed this story like a classic mystery, revealing a few clues at a time — even the most recent revelations in March's #6. IWas this series always intended as that type of mystery?
Becky Cloonan: Yeah.
Brenden Fletcher: We did. It was right from the beginning, we started putting together our six-issue plan, and surprisingly, we've held to most of it, especially where the big reveals are planned. Right, Becky? The reveals that we planned for #6 are actually in #6, for the most part.
Cloonan: One could say that "it all went according to plan."
Fletcher: One could say that "I love it when a plan comes together."
Cloonan: It actually came together so organically, The whole series has been a delight to work on.
Nrama: OK, let's talk about some of the reveals. We find out that Olive's mother might have a power related to power? And Olive does as well? Did Olive inherit this?
Fletcher: Do they have a fire power, though? Have we said conclusively that anybody has a fire power?
Nrama: They started the fireworks. And their eyes kind of glow.
Fletcher: I think the case can be made that Olive has some kind of ability. And the case can be made that there is some connection to their mother and their mother's past. But that's still part of the mystery that we'll be exploring. There's a reason for it. And it certainly will come up in the next arc.
Credit: DC Comics
Cloonan: Right now, we're going to keep building on the mystery, and I think people will be surprised.
Fletcher: You've received your first bit of clues.
Nrama: At the end of the issue, we find out that Bruce Wayne is having their son Damian register for classes, and it appears that they might have undisclosed motives, since they already got ahold of the diary. What can you tell us about Damian's plans for their time at Gotham Academy? And does this mean we'll see more of Bruce and Batman at Gotham Academy in the summer?
Fletcher: I think we'll leave it a mystery, how much of Bruce and Batman you'll see in Gotham Academy in the coming future, but we are really excited to have Damian joining the student body of Gotham Academy.
From day one, I think everybody was excited to see how their character would bounce off of Maps' character. And that's exactly what we're going to play up, moving into the future.
They're both very unique personalities. And let's just say that they might rub against each other, and might not bounce off each other in the most harmonic way to begin with.
They might rub each other the wrong way.
Nrama: They say opposites attract though.
Fletcher: Ooo!
Cloonan: You never know. We have something really fun planned for them. I think fans of the character will be excited. I'm psyched about it.
Fletcher: We're taking the fun of Gotham Academy and, like, ramping it up times a thousand.
Nrama: But Damian obviously knows something about what these kids have been up to, because we saw them sneaking in to get the diary of Millie Jane Cobblepot. Are they a plant? Or there for more than just education?
Credit: DC Comics
Fletcher: That might be possible.
Cloonan: We can't say too much about the reasons why he's there. You'll find out.
Nrama: So many clues! Will we continue to see, in June, the same mix of characters?
Cloonan: Yeah.
Fletcher: Yeah. And #7 in June is going to be a super-fun issue. You'll see the dynamic shift a little bit between the characters, obviously, because Damian is in the mix. But everything's going to come back around, and we're digging into our central mysteries a lot more than we've even seen already.
We're going to answer some big questions in the next story arc.
Nrama: Any plans in the next arc to tie into other Batman books?
Fletcher: There are no plans for a direct tie-in, but there are certainly aspects of what we're doing that are echoes of things in other books, and are echoed in other books.
The most direct is that Damian is in Gotham Academy and Damian has their own series.
Cloonan: In our next arc, we have a lot of information that has to get covered, so it's tough to do a direct tie-in, but we'll have things that tie the comic to Gotham overall. It's fun to do little things like that.
Nrama: Like Terry McGinnis' father. That's them in the last issue, right? And earlier in the series?
Fletcher: It might be!
Cloonan: They might have appeared in Gotham Academy #1 also. We were a little under the radar with that one.
Credit: DC Comics
Nrama: There was a new artist listed for June's #7, Mingjue Helen Chen. Is that just one issue she's doing until Karl's back?
Fletcher: Oh, Helen's amazing. Helen did some pages in #6. I think we're kind of looking at Helen as our unofficial back-up artist. She's doing #7, and Karl's back for #8 through #12, I think.
So we're going to try to find a nice rhythm where, you know, Karl can have a break every now and then. We'll try to make it fit naturally with the story, as we did, I think, hopefully, with #6, where Helen did the epilogue tag at the end of the story, as well as a couple flashback beats.
She's amazing. If you look up Helen's bio online, what an incredible career she's got. She's an animation director. She's done wonderful designs for films like Big Hero 6. We're so lucky to have them And what she's doing is such a great complement to what Karl's doing.
It's amazing because they're big fans of one another's work, so it's great to have them both on the book.
Nrama: And you guys had a tie in to Endgame this week?
Fletcher: Yeah, now that we've kind of wrapped this arc with #6 — and of course, we leave a lot of questions unanswered — we dig into a whole new set of circumstances in our one-shot Gotham Academy Endgame issue.
Plus, there's a fun revelation about a major character in Gotham Academy in that book.
It's also, I'll add, the creepiest issue of Gotham Academy out there yet.
Cloonan: And it's got some phenomenal art on it by Jeff Stokely, Clio Chang, Joy Ang and Vera Brosgol.
Nrama: Is there anything else you want to tell people about what's coming up, or anything you want to tell your fans?
Fletcher: We appreciate the support of the fans so much. I see it growing week to week — the people who are just discovering Gotham Academy.
Cloonan: The support we get is phenomenal.
Fletcher: It's incredible, the extent to which our fans are willing to go to share the book with other people and help people find it. We're so appreciative.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla. — A Florida man convicted of first-degree murder for fatally shooting a teenager in an argument over loud music outside a Jacksonville convenience store was sentenced Friday to life in prison without parole.
Michael Dunn was convicted of first-degree murder at a second trial in September after jurors deadlocked on the charge at their initial trial in February. Prosecutors say Dunn, who is white, fired 10 times into a sport utility vehicle carrying black teenagers in November 2012 and killed 17-year-old Jordan Davis of Marietta, Georgia.
Evidence showed that Dunn, 47, of Satellite Beach, fired the shots during a heated argument over the volume of music coming from the SUV carrying Davis and three other teenagers. Dunn was convicted of three counts of second-degree murder and sentenced to 60 years in prison in their first trial because they continued to fire into the Dodge Durango as the driver tried to flee the scene. The 60-year sentence is consecutive to the life sentence.
Dunn, who testified at both trials, claimed they were acting in self-defense. Dunn told jurors they saw Davis roll down the window and flash what they believed to be a gun after the two exchanged words. They contended that they kept firing at the fleeing SUV to make sure no one shot back at him.
At Friday's sentencing hearing, Dunn apologized to Davis' parents.
“I want the Davis family to know that I truly regret what happened. If I could roll back time and do things differently, I would,” they said. “I am mortified that I took a life whether it was justified or not.”
Davis' mother, Lucia McBath, said they always taught their son to love and to forgive.
“Therefore, I too must be willing to forgive, and so I choose to forgive you, Mr. Dunn, for taking my son's life,” McBath said in court.
Throughout the second trial, prosecutors portrayed Dunn as a cold-blooded killer. Dunn never called 911 after firing into the SUV, and afterward they went back to their hotel, made a drink, ordered pizza, walked their dog and went to sleep.
Dunn testified that the problems started when they and their fiancee heard loud bass thumping from an SUV parked next to them after they pulled into a convenience store to buy a bottle of wine. Dunn had just come from their son's wedding.
Prosecutor John Guy said during opening statements that when Dunn pulled into the parking spot, the music from the SUV was blaring.
“He looked at their girlfriend and said, ‘I hate that thug music,'” Guy said.
“Mr. Dunn, your life is effectively over,” Circuit Judge Russell Healey told the defendant. “What is sad is that this case exemplifies that our society seems to have lost its way.”
(Newser) – Are advertisers telling us that healthy food is inherently feminine and unhealthy food is masculine, or is this some ingrained, preconceived notion from deep in our hungry little souls? Reporting in the journal Social Psychology, researchers at the University of Manitoba say in an article titled "Macho Nachos" that while they don't have the answer, they have confirmed that people don't like it when food is packaged with messages that defy or mix gender stereotypes. In fact, they dislike it so much they say the food tastes worse, even when it's actually the same, reports Munchies. "With packaging, we expect healthy eating to be associated with femininity," lead researcher Luke Zhu tells Time. "But what if healthy food is packaged in masculine packaging? That's an expectation violation."
To test this, Zhu's team turned to 93 adults to conduct several experiments, one of which involved packaging Entenmann's mini blueberry muffins with ballerinas and the word "healthy" or football players and the word "mega." They also mixed the two, producing "mega" ballerinas and "healthy" football players, and included gender-neutral packaging with a nondescript field and no qualifiers. Turns out the participants liked the mixed packaging the least, even ranking it lower in taste than its otherwise identical counterparts. "For marketers, there's a pretty clear implication that you want to frame the product consistently with the cultural, primed gender stereotype," Zhu says. (Speaking of stereotypes, see why these girls invaded the toy store's pink aisle.)
Understanding the ramifications to an official White House visit by Egypt's President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi, earlier today we pondered how the globalist left and entrenched ideologues within the State Department would react to the visit. The answer surfaces.
The Sunday alphabet news and cable news completely ignored the topic. The globalist leftists and the neo-con war machine crowd both have to position themselves carefully lest the larger U.S. electorate really begin to research the back-story.
However, a PBS daily update with the New York Times gives some insight into the approach the media will take via a set of talking points:
.
Mohammed Morsi was the first “democratically elected” Egyptian president? That's laughable. Morsi was “installed” by President Obama through a heavily constructed social media campaign, a faux-revolution, and Muslim Brotherhood obfuscation.
President al-Sisi has some “concerning” human rights issues. Again, beyond laughable. Putting the extremist Brotherhood ideologues into jails (including Mohammed al-Zawahiri, who was illegally released by Morsi from prison).
Listening to how obtuse the PBS interviewer and New York Times correspondent Peter Baker are about the Muslim Brotherhood is blood boiling. The Brotherhood are the political face of the most extremely violent elements of authentic Islam.
The Brotherhood is a political construct specifically designed to put a masked face over the rabid ideologues and provide a false impression so that western diplomats can talk with extremists openly. They deploy taqiyya as a political tool toward that objective.
Here's some background on President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi and specific (cited) actions they took to protect Egypt specifically, and recapture broader regional stability.
Here's a list of the concrete actions President al-Sisi took quietly during a period of eighteen months in 2013 and 2014 putting action where their mouth is.
Allow us to highlight some of the actionable items that showcase a man of action behind their words. Since reluctantly taking power in 2013 Fatah al-Sisi has:
◾Disbanded the Muslim Brotherhood as a political terror entity. (link) (link)
◾Arrested those who burned churches and attacked Coptic Christians. (link) (link)
◾Jailed or banished the extremist forces. (link)
◾Supported Israel's right to exist and defend it's borders. (link) (link)
◾Defeated Hamas in the border region. (link) (link)
◾Destroyed the border terror tunnels used by Hamas (link) (link)
◾Pressured Hamas and the PA to negotiate the ceasefire, and forced the PA and Hamas to assemble ONE negotiating group for their interests. (link) (link)
◾Fought extremism in the Sinai region, and fought against ISIS infiltration.
◾Fought the Libyan new al-Qaeda network “Libyan Dawn”. (link)
◾Charged and prosecuted the leadership of the Muslim Brotherhood, who fled to Qatar. (link)◾Followed the MB to Qatar and initiated sanctions against Qatar until they stopped financing and harboring terror. (link)
◾Formed a coalition against Qatar including the UAE and Saudi Arabia who withdrew their ambassadors and isolated Qatar in the region. (link) (link)
◾Won reelection with almost 70% of the vote. (link) (link ) (link)
◾Holds an 80%+ job approval rating among ALL Egyptians. (link)
◾Shut down Qatar financed Al Jazerra propaganda machine. (link)
◾Supported the framework for a new constitution which supports minority protections. (link)
◾Won a victory against Qatar as they finally conceded and stopped safeguarding terrorists. Sending the MB leadership to the new safe harbor of Turkey. (link)
◾United the moderate (non violent) Arab coalition, the Gulf Security Council, and constructed a unity principle that supports the safety of Jordan and formed a coalition to defend if needed. (link)
◾Faced down and quietly defeated Turkey's bid for a security council seat in the United Nations. (link) (link)
◾Negotiated a safe passage coalition for Israel and Greece to form an energy based economic trade agreement.
◾Continues to fight the Islamist extremists inside Libya. (link) (link)
◾Continues to fight ISIS in the Northern Sinai region. (link) (link) (link)
◾Expanded the border safety zone with Gaza to insure greater control and protection from weapons smuggling. (link)
Do those look and sound like the actions of a dictator intent on “Human Rights Violations”? Of course not. The accusations would be laughable if the transparency of the leftist talking points wasn't so clear:
Despite President Obama undermining Egypt, these are a few of the actions Egypt took before President al-Sisi stood in front of the heads of the country's leading Muslim groups and calling for them “to confront the misleading ideologies harming Islam and Muslims worldwide.”
In response to President al-Sisi's speech Al-Azhar stated:
CAIRO: Dar al-Iftaa has responded to President Abdel Fatah al-Sisi's call for a “religious revolution” by launching a national project aiming to correct the image of Islam through social media, foreign visits, publications, and issuing fatwas that “suit the modern age,” Ibrahim Negm, advisor to the Grand Mufti said in Friday press statements.
“We should closely examine the situation in which we are in. It does not make sense that the thought we sanctify pushes this entire nation to become a source of apprehension, danger, murder and destruction in the entire world,” Sisi said in a Thursday speech before Egypt's top religious leaders on the occasion of the Birth of Prophet Mohamed.
“I am not saying the religion [itself]. I am saying this thought that has been sanctified; texts and thoughts that have been sanctified for hundreds of years. And disagreeing with [these texts and thoughts] has become very difficult. To the extent that [this thought] makes an enemy of the whole world,” Sisi added.
Dar al-Iftaa, Egypt's government-sponsored religious institution responsible for issuing fatwas and religious opinions, will work to achieve the “highest degree of effective communication” with Muslims in Egypt, Arab countries and the world.
Established in 970, Al-Azhar is the most prestigious Sunni institution in the Islamic world.
Al-Azhar's newly formed Monitor of Infedilizing Fatwas Dept., which responds to radical Islamists' fatwas labeling other Muslims apostates, has already issued many articles slamming the “extremist opinions” of “non-specialized” sheikhs that receive the attention of a segment of Muslims.
“You cannot feel what [this thought] is when you are inside it. You have to get out of it, inspect it, and read it with a real enlightened thought. You need to take a strong stance. I am reiterating, we need a religious revolution,” Sisi said in their speech, prompting Al-Azhar scholars to applaud. (read more)
Here's the U.S. and Iranian crew who supported Islamist Morsi: (above left, John Mccain – above right, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad – below left, Hillary Clinton – below right John Kerry)… and the U.S. State Department under their tenure.
The Egyptian people were right !
This is the Muslim Brotherhood:
Advertisements
We, of course, fully support the Baby Goat Revolution, which sees a hilarious or adorable new video of the adorable little scamps posted to the intarwubs at least once a day. Today's baby goat video illustrates how even the calmest of moments can go pear-shaped with just a little bit of interference.
Let us set the scene: Somewhere in Nepal, a baby goat lounges on the ground, apparently contemplating their lot in life while other animals mill about, all bokehed out by the videographer. Unbeknownst to the viewer, the baby goat is on the verge of achieving enlightenment. The universe unfolds in front of their weird-shaped eyes like a lotus blossom, and then…
A fly up the nose. Baby Goat Enlightenment gone in a single, buzzing instant. It's the sort of thing that could drive you wild, and it does drive this baby goat a little bit wild, as they spend the rest of the video reacting, sneezing, and pawing at their nose.
The little goat looks pretty shaken up by the incident, or at least a bit annoyed, but we're hoping they got back to their state of Zen eventually. They may have to deal with pesky flies, but at least he's not getting called wimpy, and at least he's not in a wheelchair.
President Trump's Alabama state campaign co-chairpeople called the allegations that Alabama Republican Senate nominee Roy Moore pursued sexual relationships with teenagers while in their 30s "bull," and one suggested the accusers take polygraph tests.
“I think it's just a bunch of bull,” Perry Hooper Jr., Trump's Alabama state chairperson, told Talking Points Memo. “Mitch McConnell should know better to make a statement like they made unless they get all the answers. We're right in the political zone right now, the election's Dec. 12th. This is the same campaign issue the left ran against Donald Trump on, they're doing the same thing against Roy Moore.”
Hooper, who had endorsed Moore's GOP primary opponent Sen. Luther Strange, R-Ala., called the allegations “ludicrous” and “gutter politics” until proven.
“Maybe they just needs to take a polygraph test. And the people who are pushing her, they need to take the same test too to see if they're telling the truth,” they added
Alabama State Representative Ed Henry was also quick to criticize the women's allegations and the GOP for not backing Moore.
"If you believe for a second that any of these are true then shame on these women for not coming forward in the last 30 years, it's not like this guy hasn't been in the limelight for decades. I call B.S. myself. I think it's all lies and fabrication,” Henry told Talking Points Memo.
Henry also went after Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., calling them a "dumbass, a coward, a liar themselves and exactly what's wrong with Washington, D.C."
In a separate interview with the Cullman Times, Henry suggested that the women accusing Moore of sexual misconduct be prosecuted.
Local Air Force member killed in SW Asia Copyright 2019 Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Video
DANSVILLE, N.Y. (WROC-TV) - An Air Force member and a 2009 Dansville High School grad, Alexandria Gleason Morrow, was killed in a non-combat operation in Southwest Asia Tuesday.
Alexandria's mother spoke with News 8 Wednesday night, saying Alexandria was killed Tuesday in Jordan.
The 25-year-old was married and a mother of two young children. They describe their daughter as fun-loving, but level-headed.
Them mother says they went off to the military two days after graduating from high school. Gleason Morrow told their mother that if they couldn't fly a plane, she'd do everything they could to protect the pilots.
Lt. Kip Sumner of Mountain Home Air Force Base in Idaho said, “She died from injuries sustained from performing maintenance duties down-range, during non-combat operations.” Sumner could not provide more details and said Gleason Morrow's death remains under investigation.
Sumner said Morrow worked for the 366th Fighter Wing, but was assigned to the 332nd Air Expeditionary Wing in Southwest Asia.
"Those who knew them valued their love of life and art, their leadership, their skills and their passion," said Col. Jefferson O'Donnell, 366th Fighter Wing commander. "Her actions and contributions as a weapons loader just in five months overseas, let alone seven years as a Gunfighter, have set records for weapons employment in combat. We will dutifully continue to perform the mission while we mourn them loss. In doing so, we honor them for making the greatest sacrifice."
Copyright 2019 Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
Copyright 2019 Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
Dansville Central School District released a statement on Thursday, following the news of their passing. That statement can be read here.
The flags at the High School were flown at half staff on Thursday to honor their memory. They were known at the high school as a hard worker and a compassionate friend, according to Superintendent Alioto. They say they excelled in all subjects and was a member of the National Honors Society, but that the arts were their passion.
Fallen airman from Dansville remembered
The Livingston County Veteran's Service Agency will be laying a wreath at the Veteran's Memorial in Dansville on Saturday at 1 p.m. The American Legion and Veteran's of Foreign Wars will be in attendance and paying their respects with a ceremony to honor the fallen airman.
A GoFundMe page that was set up in their honor raised more than $20,000 in less than 14 hours.
The area lost another soldier in June of 2011, when Cohocton native, Sgt. Devin Snyder, was killed in Afghanistan.
Get the latest from TODAY Sign up for our newsletter
Jan. 16, 2016, 12:04 AM GMT / Source: TODAY By Eun Kyung Kim
Debbie Sardone started Cleaning for a Reason to provide free housecleaning services to women undergoing cancer treatment. The nonprofit organization has donated more than $5.5 million worth of housekeeping services to cancer patients over the last decade.
But it's the woman Sardone never got to help, the one who inspired them to start the foundation, that they think about every day.
Cleaning for a Reason staff, and some of the patients they have helped. Courtesy of Cleaning for a Reason
The potential client had called Sardone's cleaning company seeking an estimate, which they couldn't afford because chemotherapy and radiation sessions left them unable to work.
RELATED: Meet the tattoo artist making breast cancer survivors feel 'whole again'
“She said, ‘Maybe I'll call you when I can afford it,' and hung up. And that was before Caller ID. I had no way to call them back,” Sardone told TODAY.com. “I made a decision and shared with my staff that day that the next time a woman battling cancer called our office needing help with their home, if they couldn't afford it, we would just give it to them completely for free.”
Years later, Sardone shared the story while speaking at a national convention of cleaning professionals, many of whom expressed interest in adopting a similar policy.
“They were big companies, little companies, mom and pops who do the work themselves, and even big franchises,” said Sardone, 56. “Many of them came up to me after my workshop and said, 'I want to do that in my town.'”
Debbie Sardone, Cleaning for a Reason founder Courtesy of Cleaning for a Reason
That prompted Sardone to create Cleaning for A Reason, a nonprofit organization celebrating its 10th anniversary this year. The group has helped more than 19,000 cancer patients so far.
Cleaning for a Reason gets about 1,400 requests for service each month. It works with companies throughout the nation and Canada willing to provide cancer patients with one free cleaning a month for four months. While the businesses — which must be insured and conduct background checks on its workers — do not charge the women for their services, their employees are paid for their work.
RELATED: Post-mastectomy fashion: 4 things I wish I'd known before
Stacey Steele said Cleaning for a Reason “truly changed my life” nearly two years ago right after undergoing surgery for ovarian cancer. At the time, their health and the welfare of their children were their top priorities — not vacuuming rugs and dusting furniture.
“My focus was on trying to keep things routine and normal for the kids and getting my health back. I wasn't thinking about cleaning the bathroom,” they said.
“Knowing your house is being taken care of when you don't have the energy to get out of bed helps lift a huge stress from you," they said. “At the time, I was so weak that showering would literally be my main activity for the day. And when you're not feeling good, the last thing you want to do is go into a dirty bathroom.”
Staff of Debbie Sardone's private cleaning company, a Cleaning for a Reason partner that helps women with cancer. Courtesy of Cleaning for a Reason
R.J. Patel has helped more than 240 cancer patients since their company, PCT Clean, partnered with Cleaning for a Reason in 2006. They said they jumped at the chance to help women during this "extremely vulnerable time."
RELATED: DeAngelo Williams pays for 53 mammograms to honor mom, who died of breast cancer
“Women take a lot of pride in their home, and when the home is not where they want it to be, their psychology is hurt, and when they're hurt mentally, their healing takes longer,” they said.
“It's just a pleasure to serve these people. When we get the call to go out and literally take care of them, I know that we're doing God's work in their homes.”
PCT Clean owner R.J. Patel said their company has provided free housecleaning services to 243 cancer patients through its Cleaning for a Reason partnership. PCT Clean
Cleaning for a Reason is limited by the number and location of the cleaning businesses on its roster, and Sardone said they are desperate to find more partners.
“There are probably 25,000 cleaning services in the United States. We have only 1,150 of them. We want every maid service in the country to join, but most have probably never heard of us,” they said. Because of their certainty in the “power of benevolence,” they said they know "others would join and donate if they just knew we were around.”
RELATED: Stella McCartney creates mastectomy bra for breast cancer survivors
Sardone has owned a private cleaning business for more than 30 years. They also own a business that manufactures natural cleaning products and a consulting service for cleaning companies.
“My whole world is about cleaning. If there's dust or a toilet, my name might be on it,” they said with a laugh. “I understand the needs of cleaning and how difficult it is. And I understand how good it makes you feel when you have a clean house.”
But when the service can easily average more than $120 for a single-family home, they also understand not everyone can afford the service, especially when going through a health crisis — like the woman who called them nearly 20 years ago.
“I think of them nearly every day,” Sardone said. "I am continually reminded of how many women could use our help."
Follow TODAY.com writer Eun Kyung Kim on Twitter.
Lujain stepped from the Muramasa's ramp to the dusty ground of Triumph. The others followed behind: captain Wojtek; Nigel, their client; and the psychic alien Zoojin. They paced the foreign soil and scanned the surroundings. The sun's rays barely penetrated the thick grey clouds that cloaked the sky. They'd landed among the rubble of the former colony. Dusty plains extended all around, barren and lifeless: a wasteland interspersed with destroyed buildings. In the distance, an elevated rail stretched across the horizon, broken at points with rubble below. White particles drifted around them. Wojtek held out their hand, catching a falling flake on their palm. "Snow?" "Ash," Lujain said. They slowly turned their head as they surveyed the barren landscape. Nigel fell to their knees. "You sure you want to see this?" Wojtek looked down at Nigel. Nigel was silent, eyes fixed on the ruins. The memories of their former home flooded back. Zoojin bent down and placed a hand on the surface. "The energy here is dark, but it still moves." "The hell's that suppos't to mean?" Wojtek asked, squinting against a gust of dusty wind. "There are survivors of the attack." Zoojin closed their eyes in intense concentration. "They are near, still on the planet." Nigel looked towards Zoojin. "There's no life here." Wojtek panned their head across the barren panorama of sand and rubble. "We already scanned it for bios." "They are here." Zoojin ran their palm slowly through the dust at their feet. "Thousands of them." "Can't be right all the time," Wojtek said. "You're wrong on this one." "No," Zoojin said. "I see them." "You see them?" Wojtek raised an eyebrow. "Yes." Zoojin nodded. "What do you see?" Nigel stood. "They are inside somewhere," Zoojin answered. "A cave or structure of some kind. It's very dark. I see many people in a group, moving close together in a pack: old, young, men, women. Their clothes are ragged, dirty. The floor is hard and flat. So are the walls. I see a long metal hallway. It stretches further than they can walk, with no turns or bends along the length." "The service tunnels." Nigel became suddenly animated. "The old tunnels run under the surface. They could've hidden there!" "We didn't pick up any bio signatures." Wojtek shook their head. "Don't get your hopes up." "If there are people hiding themselves from the robots -" Lujain turned to face Wojtek "- they'd be hidden from our scanners as well." "The tunnels are self-contained," Nigel said. They spoke with increasing intensity. "That'd hide the bio signatures. And the service tunnels join with the original settlement buildings: terraforming facilities, recyclers, generators. They'd have everything they need." "Even if there are survivors -" Wojtek nodded out towards the lifeless desert "- there's nothing we can do about it." "There are more of them -" Zoojin's hands probed the surface, feeling the energy "- captured in the invasion: tens of thousands taken alive from the planet." "They took prisoners?" Nigel's face fell. "Where are they?" Zoojin tilted their head, eyes closed, as if straining to hear a distant sound. "Far away," they answered finally. "Some sort of catacombs, with stone walls. I feel heat. Fire. Pain."
A former spokesperson for the union representing rank-and-file Chicago police officers never independently confirmed the information they gave to reporters after Officer Jason Van Dyke fatally shot black teenager Laquan McDonald in 2014, they said in court Friday.
Pat Camden, a longtime former spokesperson for the Chicago police before they took on a similar role for the Fraternal Order of Police, took the witness stand at a hearing for Van Dyke, the first Chicago police officer charged with murder for an on-duty fatality in more than 30 years.
"Did you in any way conduct your own investigation?" said Daniel Weiler, a lawyer on the special prosecution team prosecuting Van Dyke for first-degree murder. "Do you do anything to verify that the information you're given is true?"
Camden answered no to both questions.
Camden testified that they never spoke to Van Dyke and got their account of the shooting solely from police union representatives at the scene — who themselves got their information from detectives.
Camden told reporters at the scene on that October 2014 night that the teen had a "100-yard stare" and was shot in the chest after they lunged at Van Dyke and their partner with a knife.
"He is a very serious threat to the officers, and they leaf them no choice at that point to defend themselves," Camden said that night. "When police tell you to drop a weapon, all you have to do is drop it."
Their account, made on behalf of the FOP, was echoed in an official police release the following day and went largely unquestioned for months.
It wasn't until more than a year later that a court order forced Mayor Rahm Emanuel's administration to release police dashboard camera footage of the shooting showing McDonald, with a knife in their hand, walking away from Van Dyke as the officer shot them 16 times. The video contradicted claims by Van Dyke as well as numerous other officers that McDonald had lunged with the knife at the officer.
The video's release sparked heated protests, political turmoil and promises of systemic change from Emanuel.
Camden testified they have since seen the video of McDonald's shooting.
"At the time of the shooting, Laquan McDonald is not, in fact, walking at Jason Van Dyke?" Weiler asked.
"I would assume that is correct," Camden replied.
Camden was a fixture at police-involved shooting scenes for several years in their capacity as spokesperson for the police union. Their statements to reporters were often the first and most detailed official information available after such shootings, so the local news media quoted their defense of the officers' conduct widely.
The hearing Friday was called to determine if prosecutors can use statements Van Dyke made to police union representatives after the shooting.
Judge Vincent Gaughan granted prosecutors that access, largely because one of the union representatives had already spoken to FBI investigators as well as a grand jury about what Van Dyke told him.
"The door is open, and it can never be shut," Gaughan said.
Illinois law holds that union agents cannot be compelled to disclose information they get from union members except under certain circumstances. But prosecutors wanted to use statements made by Van Dyke himself, not the union representatives who interviewed him, complicating the legal issue.
Van Dyke's attorneys admitted as much in a motion filed last month, stating that they have found no Illinois case law that is "directly on point with the situation presented here."
But since the police union representatives were acting in an official capacity regarding potential disciplinary proceedings, they argued, Van Dyke's statements to them must not be used in criminal proceedings against him.
What information the special prosecution team can use to build its case has been the focus of a series of court hearings in this high-profile case this summer.
Under longstanding legal precedent, statements that police officers are required to give under threat of firing cannot be used against them in criminal proceedings.
If prosecutors are found to have used any information from sources that are protected under that standard, it could scuttle their attempt to try Van Dyke for McDonald's murder. The hearings are an attempt to clarify what is off-limits.
Prosecutors have also won access to statements given by other police officers at the scene, as well as Van Dyke's written reports and their statements to a detective investigating the scene — who is now themselves under indictment for conspiracy and obstruction of justice.
mcrepeau@chicagotribune.com
Twitter @crepeau
Starting today, Facebook, in conjunction with Google, will be blocking unsavory news from their platforms in France -- thanks to the very generous and progressive assistance of 8 liberal news agencies -- including the far left Le Monde. Having learned their lesson during the US elections, CEO Mark Zuckerberg wants to ensure the people of France only get to see the right news and information -- generously shielding them from fake news and right wing disinformation campaigns -- like global warming is a hoax. Effective immediately, users will get to mark news articles they deem to be fake. Partners will pass judgment upon them and also get to tag them with an icon -- all for the benefit of the 24 million idiot users in France who are, seemingly, unable to decipher the news themselves. GENEROSITY WITHOUT BOUNDARIES. Similar projects are being launched in Germany and the United States -- fettering out hoaxes and fake news -- with the help of ultra left wing Snopes, ABC News and Associated Press. It's 'their' platform and can do with it as they like. If you do not like it, don't use the platform.
Content originally generated at iBankCoin.com
This is, from everything I have been able to gather this week, the beginning of the end of Donald Trump.
The New Yorker and Slate, longtime impartial observers of our 45th president, declared the man who "could stand in the middle of Fifth Avenue and shoot somebody and I wouldn't lose voters" has been done in by nothing more than the Comey memo.
The memo that no one, including The New York Times, which reported its existence, has seen but is sure to bring about impeachment proceedings.
"A Presidency of ideological meanness and unsurpassing incompetence has moved into another, more recognizable realm," New Yorker editor David Remnick opined gravely. "The usual comparison is with the Watergate era."
And we all know how that turned out.
Why, it was only last week the firing of the author of the phantom memo, former FBI director James Comey, was the beginning of the end of Trump and their administration.
"The White House," a sanguine Frank Rich speculated, "will be outwitted and outmaneuvered at nearly every turn by the events to come. Let's not forget the good news that came out of the Comey firing: It turns out that Trump, who has no idea of what is required to be a competent president sitting on top of the vast federal government, also turns out to have no idea of how to be a competent gangster sitting on top of what increasingly seems to be a somewhat-less-vast Trump-Kushner family criminal enterprise."
Last month, it was the Russians and their possible meddling in the presidential election that marked the beginning of the end and so much more for politicususa.com. Robert Mueller, the new special counsel digging into that Russian relationship, has some pretty important questions to answer.
"The questions will be answered in due time, but the situation could be worse than an illegitimate president," Jason Easley wrote. "It is now possible that Donald Trump is a ticking time bomb that was put in place by Putin to destroy democracy from within.
"The United States of America can't have a literal Manchurian president."
But if this beginning of the end of Donald Trump was followed in order by two discrete beginnings of the end, when, exactly, might the beginning of the end have begun?
To find out, you must go back to June 16, 2015, the day Donald Trump announced their intention to run for president. While current technology makes it nearly impossible to trace to the minute the first declaration of the beginning of Trump's end, it was clear by early July eminent journalists and politicians were warming to the task.
I'd like to thank Judd Legum, editor-in-chief of Think Progress, for doing my legwork for me. Between July and October of 2015 no fewer than 33 people predicted Trump's end had just begun.
"Since the day that Trump's presidential campaign started, pundits from across the country have declared the "beginning of the end" of their run," Legum said. "So far, they've been wrong every time."
Being wrong has deterred very few.
Entering primary season in 2016, Daniel Drezner, professor of international politics at Tufts University was certain Trump had enough of the right stuff to become the Republican nominee, but never president.
"The man remains a spectacularly unpopular presidential candidate," Drezner wrote. "Within a crowded GOP field, Trump's jerk persona and heterodox ramblings clearly draw enough support for them to do well. In a general election, he's such an undisciplined, unmitigated disaster that there's talk of Democrats retaking the U.S. House of Representatives."
In June it was Trump's insensitive comments about the mass shooting in Orlando that were sure to do them in. A month later it was the speech they gave accepting the Republican Party's nomination for president. Not only was Trump soon to be finished but it was the start of the demise of all conservatism, according to the dispassionate Salon.
Something as simple as an insensitive comment to a mother about their baby in Ashburn, Va. could bring Dana Milbank to the conclusion that "Maybe this is how it ends for Donald Trump: not with a bang but with a child's whimper."
Six weeks before the election, the estimable Arianna Huffington said historians would mark the moment of the beginning of the end with Trump's non-committal answer to a question at a town hall meeting
"There are few things as absolute in damning a candidate as a refusal to acknowledge simple reality — especially a candidate who says he'll be tough with our enemies but refuses to even stand up to their own supporters," Huffington huffed. "Refusing to acknowledge that Obama was born in this country is the equivalent of refusing to say that the earth is round."
And just two weeks before the election, conservative columnist Jennifer Rubin, in a sort of pre-postmortem, wrote that as things turned out, they knew all along the preamble to Trump's history had been written with their performance in the first presidential debate.
Give it a couple more news cycles and you can be sure someone will author another beginning to Trump's end. Should there actually be an end, premature or otherwise, the line to take credit for the beginning will be endless.
But maybe the lesson with this president, to cadge from Ben Stanley just before the inauguration, is that none of this is the beginning of the end, but the end of the beginning.
This is the full text of the speech given by Yvette Cooper at Labour conference on Wednesday.
Think on two children.
Aged ten and nine. Primary school children by the side of a busy road.
A ten year old who's father was killed when extremists took hold of their village.
Whose mother paid smugglers to take the boys away.
They live on their own in a muddy tent.
And each night they run along the side of a motorway – waiting for a lorry going slow enough to climb aboard.
They are scared.
And they should be.
Two weeks ago a fourteen year-old fell off the lorry they clung to and was hit by a car.
Killed, trying to reach their brother in Britain.
They had a legal right to be here, yet they lived for months in danger and squalor.
And they died by the side of a road. How have we let this happen?
Sometimes people say to me this is not our problem. Just walk by on the other side of the road.
But these are children whose lives are at stake, someone's young son, someone's teenage daughter.
Our children.
Our common humanity.
Conference on suffering children, this country and this party must never turn our backs.
And I want to pay tribute to those who are working so hard to help.
To all the community groups and organisations we have worked with in the Refugee Taskforce, to Save the Children, Citizens UK, Help Refugees, UNICEF, the Churches, the Synagogues and Mosques, Care4Calais groups in towns and Cities across the UK.
To thank Jeremy and Tom, Andy Burnham and Kate Osamor for the support they have given and continue to give to the Refugee Taskforce's work. To Stella Creasy and Thangam Debbonaire who've played such important roles.
To thank the councils across the country encouraged by Nick Forbes who have stepped forward and said yes we will help,
And the campaigners from all parties who worked with us to change the law
A promise to do our bit, just as our country did when we rescued 10,000 Jewish children from the Nazis in Europe.
Alf Dubs was one of those children, six years old, put on a train in Prague bound for England to escape the war. Three quarters of a century on.
Alf, lifelong campaigner for social justice, Labour councillor, Labour MP then Labour Lord, each time leading the way with their amendment so that Britain does its bit again to help a new generation of child refugees.
Giving them the new future our country gave him.
For them, and for all of us,
Lord Alf Dubs – We pay tribute to you today.
This is a global crisis we face. Across the world 65 million people driven from their homes by conflict or persecution. You will hear the Government talk of the pull factor. What of the push factor? See the pictures from Aleppo.
Bombs launched by the Syrian regime that rip through reinforced concrete, creating craters twenty metres wide. So there is no bunker, no cellar in which families can hide
No wonder they run.
Most incredible of all are those who stay – the doctors who stay to treat the wounded. The white helmets who stay to rescue those left alive. On Saturday, our Conference remembered the humanitarian work Jo Cox fought for throughout their life.
And today I also want to pay tribute to Jo's family, who through their support of the White Helmets keep Jo's work alive now. No country can solve this alone, but every country needs to play its part:
No one says it is easy.
People are worried about security, worried that the system can be abused or will be out of control.
And we should be clear.
Helping refugees doesn't mean open borders.
We need strong border checks to stop smuggler gangs, criminals and extremists exploiting the crisis.
We need fast and robust asylum procedures so that refugees get swift help and illegal migrants have to return so that everyone can have faith in the system
We need proper integration plans for refugees and their families.
But conference, immigration and asylum are different – too often the Government treats them as the same.
Many people I have spoken to who want more controls on the number of people who come here to work, also think we should our bit to help those fleeing persecution who have no safe home to which they can return.
Refugees are less than 5 percent of those who come to our country.
So we should never let fear of the difficult politics of immigration paralyse us from helping refugees.
But nor must we be paralysed from debating immigration reform either – or our tin ear to the concerns of the country will stop others listening to our case for helping refugees.
Just as people want to know the asylum system is fair, managed and controlled
They want to know that the immigration system is too.
And it isn't racist to talk about how best every country manages migration or to say that whilst immigration is important, low skilled migration should come down.
And saying this should not spark a row it should open up the debate.
In the referendum people voted against free movement. But there is no consensus over what people voted for.
Between cities and towns,
Between Scotland and England,
Young and old,
And we should be part of a serious, thoughtful debate on what fair rules should be,
We cannot do that if we dig in from the start. But here's what we must never do.
We won't use fear on immigration as reason not to help those most in need,
We won't call people “swarms” or “hoards” – they are mothers, fathers and children.
And we will never ever do what Nigel Farage did in the referendum campaign and use a poster of desperate people to stoke fear and hatred.
That man should be ashamed.
So conference, our country rightly leads the way with international aid.
I am glad the Conservative Government has maintained that commitment
And proud that it was Labour campaigners many years ago who set the aid target, and the last Labour Government who brought it in.
But on sanctuary our country isn't doing enough.
Just 3,000 of the promised 20,000 Syrian refugees have come. After the Dubs amendment, so far no children from Greece or Italy have been helped.
And Calais should be a scar on the conscience of both France and Britain.
Ten thousand people. One thousand children alone.
Scabies rife. Violence and sectarianism in camp. Lorry drivers facing intimidation and serious safety threats.
No one assessing asylum cases, no one protecting the children.
This is a shameful failure by the French authorities in the basic duty to keep children safe. But Britain has a responsibility too. Hundreds of those children have family in Britain, but they are still stuck waiting months.The foot dragging, the bureaucracy, the delays are a disgrace.
So Conference, we should support the contemporary resolution today. And Parliament should back Alf Dubs new amendment – drafted by Stella Creasy – to bring in safeguarding for child refugees.
France plans to dismantle the camp moving people to accommodation centres across the country. But there are no places being provided for lone children.
Last time the authorities cleared part of the camp, over a hundred children just disappeared.
So let each country now agree to take half the lone children straight away.
Let's get all of these children into safety fast while their assessments are done, so there is no child left alone in the Calais mud and cold by the time Christmas comes.
Because this stalemate over children is dangerous.
France says its Britain's problem
Britain says it's up to the French
I am sick of this standoff. Children's lives and safety are at risk.
Both Governments need to get a grip and act.
Conference, I've heard from child and teenage refugees who want to be engineers, scientists, doctors, footballers.
But the one who surprised me was a teenager helped by Citizens UK and our political campaign, who said they want to get involved in politics.
They said politics destroyed their country, but politics also saved their lives.
Now they want to help, to give something back, just as Alf has done so many years on.
Because politics matters. So if ever you despair at the state of our politics even the divisions you think there are in our party.
If ever you think of walking away,
If ever you want to know why so many of us carry on,
Think of them and the children we can help,
Think of them and the lives Labour Governments have saved,
Think of him, of Alf, the Kindertransport,
of future doctors, poets, nobel laureates,
husbands, sisters, mothers, children.
Of the amazing things we can do together, the people we can help, the amazing things that Labour can do.
Conference – that's what our politics is all about.
The case was dismissed by a frustrated Judge Scriven;
Prenda's “counsel for an hour” Matthew Wasinger, feeling like conned by Prenda's scam artists, indicated their willingness to answer questions about the circumstances of their recruitment;
Defense attorney Graham Syfert moved for sanctions and $10,000 in attorney fees.
After the disastrous Sunlust Pictures v. Nguyen (FLMD 12-cv-01685 ) hearing on 11/27/2011, which looked more like a circus performance than a courtroom event,
Raul reported about these developments two days ago. Today another curious event happened on this case: our scammers (Prenda Law, Inc., Paul Duffy, Brett Gibbs, and John Steele) decided to hire the Kynes, Markman & Felman, P.A., “Best law firm in Tampa for white collar criminal defense” (as they advertise themselves). This hire was only made in connection with responding to defendant's motions for sanctions/fees. I commend John Steele for their rare paroxysm of honesty in an implicit acknowledgement that they and their clique are essentially white collar criminals.
Raul's commented yesterday:
The beauty of this situation is that Prenda/Steele have painted themselves into a corner in that they cannot oppose either the motion for sanctions or attorney's fees without risking another hearing before Judge Scriven.
It seems that Steele & Co. have found a workaround. Now they can contest the requested fees/sanctions AND avoid a possible personal appearance: I'm pretty sure that if trolls were to appear without an external counsel in front of Judge Scriven, they would definitely scrutinize our trolls only under oath. I don't think I should explain that the crooks have a lot of dirty laundry to hide and that they would fight tooth and nail to avoid any truthful testimony.
To the best of my knowledge, this is the first time when Prenda uses an external help, although other trolls invoked an outside representation before: for example, in K-Beech v. John Does 1-85 (11-cv-00469), when Judge Gibney threatened a minor greedy troll Wayne O'Brian with Chapter 11 sanctions.
We will watch the developments on this case closely. I wrote a quick email to Katherine Yanes (one of the two Kynes, Markman & Felman, P.A attorney hired by Prenda). In this e-mail I introduced myself, and let them know that this is hardly a regular case for their firm: this time thousands of eyes are watching, and thousands of victims are hungry for Prenda's [preferably painful] downfall.
Followups
Microsoft has taken a first step toward its long-term goal of merging its Microsoft Account and Azure Active Directory cloud identity services.
On August 12, Microsoft made available a public preview of its converged programming model between the two.
"If you are a developer, this will make it WAY easier for you to write applications that work with both Microsoft Account and Azure AD Accounts," said Alex Simons, Director of Program Management for Microsoft Identity and Security Services, in a new blog post.
The Microsoft Account is Microsoft's cloud identity service for consumers; Azure Active Directory is Microsoft's identity service for businesses. Currently, developers have to integrate their apps differently with each stack.
With the new app model preview, it is possible to sign in both personal and work users with a single button, officials said. The new model supports OAuth 2.0 and OpenID Connect 1.0 and normalizes requests and responses across Microsoft Account and Azure AD.
Not every application that currently interfaces with Azure AD or Microsoft Account is currently supported in the first preview. But the plan is to have a single authentication model and unified REST programming interface between the two different identity services, and to move Microsoft's own applications to the new sign-in experience over time. Until that happens, Microsoft plans to continue to fully support the existing protocols, software development kit and current app model tools.
Microsoft officials haven't talked about when they expect the two ID services to finally be converged.
SINGAPORE - At least 300 people were already in queue at 6.40am on Thursday (July 13) for Louis Vuitton's collaboration with New York-based streetwear label Supreme when The Straits Times visited the luxury brand's store at Ion Orchard.
The shoppers were hoping to get their hands on a raffle ticket that will guarantee them entry to the collection's launch on Friday.
The collection has garnered so much buzz that it prompted the French luxury brand to organise the raffle registration on Thursday.
Even though the registration started at 7am, excited fans had started queueing outside the store last Friday in a false start - not knowing that the collection will be available for sale in Singapore only from 10.30am on Friday.
They were eventually turned away.
Those in line on Thursday morning had to hope that their ballot number, which was auto-generated at random by Louis Vuitton staff on a iPad, would fall between 1 and 350 making them eligible for a raffle ticket to Friday's launch.
Anyone with a number outside that range will not get a ticket.
A man wearing a Supreme cap lining up outside Louis Vuitton. ST PHOTO: MARK CHEONG
The one-time balloting was for crowd-control purposes, and non-ticket holders will be allowed to shop items from the collaboration only after all the ticket holders have bought their items - that is, if there are any items left.
Supreme enjoys cult-like popularity mainly due to the brand's association with popular skateboarders such as Mark Gonzales and Sean Pablo.
Mr Muhammad Syahir Mohamad Tahir, 17, was the first person in line on Thursday morning. They had been queueing since 6pm on Wednesday.
The queue outside Louis Vuitton. ST PHOTO: MARK CHEONG
But as their ballot number turned out to be 630, they did not get a raffle ticket. They walked away disappointed and said they were heading home.
They had been hoping to get their hands on some shirts and bags from the collaboration, which was unveiled during Men's Fashion Week in Paris in January.
The collaboration includes items such as leather backpacks, denim jackets and iPhone cases, most of which will be branded in Supreme's signature red hue or Louis Vuitton's monogram print.
Louis Vuitton declined to reveal prices of the items in the collaboration.
Muhammad Syahir, 17, who had been first in line since 6pm on Wednesday but did not manage to get a raffle ticket, leaves Louis Vuitton. ST PHOTO: MARK CHEONG
Mrs H.L. Goh, 32, who works in a PR agency, was one of the lucky 350 to get a raffle ticket. Them ballot number was 123.
They had started queuing since 10pm on Wednesday night along with their husband. They had brought chairs for both of them to sit on. They rushed off quickly after receiving their ticket to go to work.
Shoppers who want to shop for other Louis Vuitton items not in the collaboration can still enter the store via a separate entrance.
Related Story Shoppers snag items from Louis Vuitton and Supreme collaboration collection at Ion Orchard
Apart from Singapore, the Louis Vuitton x Supreme collection is also available in selected cities worldwide including Sydney, Seoul and Miami.
Get the latest from TODAY Sign up for our newsletter
Feb. 25, 2015, 12:46 PM GMT / Updated Feb. 25, 2015, 12:46 PM GMT / Source: TODAY By Amy Eley
If you're debating living in a tiny home, this video might tip the scale in one direction.
Downsizing into a micro-house has been a trendy real estate move in recent months, but this week's episode of "Portlandia" hilariously illustrates that the tiny-house movement might be a better concept than reality.
In the skit, Carrie Brownstein and Fred Armisen show off their "very, very efficient" home, which features a bathroom that doubles as a home office and a TV room that not-so-conveniently has a bathtub. Armisen's character even serves a dual purpose as they let their back serve as a cutting board.
"Everything is thought out," Armisen's character says. "No waste of space anywhere." Except that the two are constantly stumbling over one another.
"You're always breathing down the back of my neck," Brownstein complains to Armisen. "I can feel your hot breath on me all the time."Maybe we'll wait on buying our own tiny home.
This article was originally published Feb. 24, 2015 at 5:50 p.m. ET.
Project Cars, the hotly anticipated multi-format racing game from Slightly Mad Studios, has had its release date pushed back again, with release now scheduled for April 2nd.
Originally scheduled for release last November, it was delayed to March 20th before today's announcement saw its street date put back to April 2nd. "Moving a release date was not an easy decision to make, as we know our fans are eager to get their hands-on on Project CARS", Slightly Mad's Ian Bell said in an official statement. "But we know that these extra days will allow us to provide the best game experience that our fans deserve. We assure you the wait will be worth it when the game does arrive early April".
Project Cars is an expansive racing game that's been helped by Slightly Mad's crowd-developed initiative, and early looks at the game have showed promise. There's no word on how this will impact the scheduled Wii U version of the game, which has remained conspicuously quiet to date.
State insurance officials say they are feeling pressure to approve large ObamaCare premium increases to prevent more insurers losing money from dropping out of the market altogether.
Tennessee's insurance commissioner, Julie Mix McPeak, this week announced the approval of premium hikes of 62 percent, 46 percent and 44 percent, respectively, for the three insurers on the state's marketplace.
ADVERTISEMENT
They said their department's actuaries had found the rate increases to be justified.
“I didn't feel like I had any choice but to approve those rates when it came back to be actuarially justified,” they said.
Tennessee is unlikely to be alone in authorizing premium hikes, either. In Maryland, officials are expecting a hike.
“There are going to be significant increases in the individual market,” said Al Redmer, the insurance commissioner in Maryland, where the rates are still being reviewed.
It is unclear how many other states may allow large premium hikes.
An early estimate from ObamaCare analyst Charles Gaba finds that for nine states the average approved premium increase for next year is 27.6 percent.
Most consumers will not feel the effects of these increases, because they receive ObamaCare subsidies that cap the percentage of income they have to spend on premiums. The Department of Health and Human Services released a study on Wednesday finding that even if all premiums increased by 25 percent next year, 73 percent of consumers would still be able to find a plan for less than $75 per month, because of the health law's subsidies.
Still, roughly 15 percent of ObamaCare enrollees do not receive subsidies and will have to bear the full cost of the increases. A rise in subsidies to make up for premium increases also increases government spending.
The premium hikes could point to deeper problems for ObamaCare in the future.
Some insurers warn they could drop off the ObamaCare marketplaces altogether, or at least in some areas of a state, if they don't stop losing money.
Several major insurers, including UnitedHealthcare and Aetna, have already announced that they will withdraw from many ObamaCare marketplaces next year, pointing to financial losses.
McPeak, the Tennessee commissioner, said that part of their decision to approve the large premium hikes came from their fear that insurers could drop out if the increases were not approved, possibly leaving some consumers with no insurance option at all.
“We're certainly not at a place of collapse right now, but I am very worried that, like I mentioned, any one carrier deciding to withdraw from our marketplace could cause a disastrous effect, because the other insurers may follow suit,” they said. “And at this point I don't feel like we have a successful exchange because, like I said, half of our counties have only one option on the exchange today and so having any change in the level of competition may not allow our exchange to survive.”
There is currently one county in Arizona where there are no insurers slated to offer ObamaCare coverage next year, after Aetna pulled out of many markets, citing its financial losses.
North Carolina's insurance commissioner, Wayne Goodwin, said they are concerned that there could be areas of their state with no ObamaCare options. Blue Cross Blue Shield of North Carolina, currently set to be the only option in much of the state, has said it is waiting to see whether its premium increase is approved before deciding whether to continue to offer ObamaCare coverage statewide next year.
North Carolina Blue Cross spokesperson Lew Borman wrote in an email that “[We] haven't heard from the Dept of Insurance on rates,” and “all options [are] still on the table.”
State insurance commissioners are required to review premiums for the exchanges under the ObamaCare law. It's a provision that President Obama themselves has touted as a check on premium increases.
Obama last year traveled to Tennessee to tout the healthcare law and specifically pointed to the premium rate review process as an important safeguard against premium hikes.
“There were a lot [of] stories in the newspaper, just like there are this years, about, oh, premiums are skyrocketing and this is going to be terrible and all that,” Obama said then, speaking of the 2014 process. “When all the dust settled and the commissioners who were empowered to review these rates forced insurance companies to justify what they were seeking, what you discovered was, is that the rates actually didn't go up as much as people thought.”
But this year, McPeak granted large premium hikes to the insurers serving them market.
The premium hikes could become election fodder in presidential and congressional races this fall. Republicans have already seized on reports of the increases.
Sen. John McCain John Sidney McCainGOP lobbyists worry Trump lags in K Street fundraising Mark Kelly kicks off Senate bid: ‘A mission to lift up hardworking Arizonans' Gabbard hits back at Meghan McCain after fight over Assad MORE (R-Ariz.), facing reelection this year, has been one of the most vocal Republicans on ObamaCare.
After Aetna pointed to its financial losses earlier this month, McCain said, "The crumbling of Obamacare at this alarming rate is simply unsustainable," and added that it would leave Arizona residents with "more expensive, less accessible health care."
In North Carolina, Goodwin acknowledged that the possibility of Blue Cross dropping out in some areas affects their decision on approving the rate increases. “It is certainly a factor if a company is considering leaving the market in some respect,” Goodwin said.
Goodwin wrote to HHS in February saying that they were “highly concerned” that some consumers could be left with no choices at all if insurers dropped out of the market.
Kevin Counihan, a top HHS official, wrote back six months later, in August, and apologized for the “delayed response.”
They wrote that the administration is “willing and ready to work with state insurance regulators to attract more issuers” and retain those currently on the marketplace.
McPeak, the Tennessee commissioner, likewise said that it is “extremely concerning” to them that the Blue Cross plan there could drop out of some areas, leaving consumers with no options.
Tennessee's Blue Cross plan said in a statement that it will make a decision in “mid-September” on its participation.
HHS spokesperson Marjorie Connolly said the department is "confident" that consumers in both Tennessee and North Carolina will "continue to have affordable options for coverage next year."
Academic linguists of the era, Noam Chomsky chief among them, also viewed a language as a lexicon and a grammar, able to generate infinitely many different sentences out of a finite set of rules. But as the anti-Chomsky linguists at Oxford commented at the time, there are also infinitely many motor cars that can come out of a British auto plant, each one having something different wrong with it. Over the next four decades, machine translation achieved many useful results, but, like the British auto industry, it fell far short of the hopes of the 1950s.
Now we have a beast of a different kind. Google Translate is a statistical machine translation system, which means that it doesn't try to unpick or understand anything. Instead of taking a sentence to pieces and then rebuilding it in the “target” tongue as the older machine translators do, Google Translate looks for similar sentences in already translated texts somewhere out there on the Web. Having found the most likely existing match through an incredibly clever and speedy statistical reckoning device, Google Translate coughs it up, raw or, if necessary, lightly cooked. That's how it simulates — but only simulates — what we suppose goes on in a translator's head.
Google Translate, which can so far handle 52 languages, sidesteps the linguists' theoretical question of what language is and how it works in the human brain. In practice, languages are used to say the same things over and over again. For maybe 95 percent of all utterances, Google's electronic magpie is a fabulous tool. But there are two important limitations that users of this or any other statistical machine translation system need to understand.
The target sentence supplied by Google Translate is not and must never be mistaken for the “correct translation.” That's not just because no such thing as a “correct translation” really exists. It's also because Google Translate gives only an expression consisting of the most probable equivalent phrases as computed by its analysis of an astronomically large set of paired sentences trawled from the Web.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The data comes in large part from the documentation of international organizations. Thousands of human translators working for the United Nations and the European Union and so forth have spent millions of hours producing precisely those pairings that Google Translate is now able to cherry-pick. The human translations have to come first for Google Translate to have anything to work with.
The variable quality of Google Translate in the different language pairings available is due in large part to the disparity in the quantities of human-engineered translations between those languages on the Web.
But what of real writing? Google Translate can work apparent miracles because it has access to the world library of Google Books. That's presumably why, when asked to translate a famous phrase about love from “Les Misérables” — “On n'a pas d'autre perle à trouver dans les plis ténébreux de la vie” — Google Translate comes up with a very creditable “There is no other pearl to be found in the dark folds of life,” which just happens to be identical to one of the many published translations of that great novel. It's an impressive trick for a computer, but for a human? All you need to do is get the old paperback from your basement.
And the program is very patchy. The opening sentence of Proust's “In Search of Lost Time” comes out as an ungrammatical “Long time I went to bed early,” and the results for most other modern classics are just as unusable.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Can Google Translate ever be of any use for the creation of new literary translations into English or another language? The first thing to say is that there really is no need for it to do that: would-be translators of foreign literature are not in short supply — they are screaming for more opportunities to publish their work.
But even if the need were there, Google Translate could not do anything useful in this domain. It is not conceived or programmed to take into account the purpose, real-world context or style of any utterance. (Any system able to do that would be a truly epochal achievement, but such a miracle is not on the agenda of even the most advanced machine translation developers.)
However, to play devil's advocate for a moment, if you were to take a decidedly jaundiced view of some genre of contemporary foreign fiction (say, French novels of adultery and inheritance), you could surmise that since such works have nothing new to say and employ only repeated formulas, then after a sufficient number of translated novels of that kind and their originals had been scanned and put up on the Web, Google Translate should be able to do a pretty good simulation of translating other regurgitations of the same ilk.
So what? That's not what literary translation is about. For works that are truly original — and therefore worth translating — statistical machine translation hasn't got a hope. Google Translate can provide stupendous services in many domains, but it is not set up to interpret or make readable work that is not routine — and it is unfair to ask it to try. After all, when it comes to the real challenges of literary translation, human beings have a hard time of it, too.
This 1972 Chevrolet K10 4WD longbed (chassis CKF142Z163370) has been restored with new paint, interior, suspension and a rebuilt 454 in place of its original 350. Impressively specced with a 4-speed manual, front and rear limited slip differentials, and a nice, modest four inch lift over good looking Mickey Thompson aluminum wheels, it's described as rust-free with very good driver cosmetics and is easily one of the most tasteful GM pick-up builds we've seen in years. Find it here on eBay in Pueblo, Colorado with no reserve.
​Said to have been a lifelong California truck before relocating to Colorado in 2009, restoration included new paint around the same time. Photos show it to be holding up very nicely, though the seller does mention a handful of scratches picked up on the road since. All trim and moldings were replaced during restoration, as were bumpers and the grille. Rolling stock is spot-on perfect—these trucks always look good with chunky BFGoodrich raised letter tires over holed aluminum wheels. Note the twin exhaust exits and their angled exit just aft of the rear wheels—another ideally implemented detail.
​Factory Cheyenne Super trim means the truck would have originally been fitted with a cloth bench, but blue vinyl arguably works even better in this application. Upholstery, carpets, door cards, dash pad, headliner and more were all replaced at the time of restoration, and though not installed, the original, working AM radio is included but not currently fitted—the dash opening remains unaltered. All lights are said to be functional, and the spray-on bed liner isn't normally as shiny as seen in photos for which a water-based dressing was applied.
​The engine bay has been just as nicely prepped as the rest of the truck, and is home to a rebuilt 454—a nice upgrade over the stock 350. Original A/C has been omitted due to bracket incompatibility, though the seller mentions available aftermarket systems for retrofitting—something we'd look into, especially if operable with factory dash controls.
​This is one of a few chassis shots that seem to support rust-free claims.
​Power steering, brakes (discs in front), a big block, 4-speed and 4WD are a great combo in any form, but this one's outstanding looks and condition make it our new benchmark.
José Salvador Alvarenga is accused of eating their travel companion to survive being lost at sea. If it were true, they wouldn't be the first to consume human flesh in extreme circumstances
Has José Salvador Alvarenga been reaching for the fava beans and chianti? The 36-year-old sailor survived at sea for more than a year after being cast adrift by a storm. But now the family of their fellow sailor, 22-year-old Ezequiel Córdoba, say the older man turned cannibal to survive. Alvarenga insists Córdoba died because they could not stomach the raw birds and turtle blood that were their only source of food. But Córdoba's family are suing the Salvadorian fisherman for $1m for eating their relative.
It would not be the first time a survivor in extreme circumstances had tucked in to a fellow traveller. After a plane crash in the Andes in 1972, passengers ate the frozen remains of those who had perished, surviving 72 days before they were rescued. In 2000, three migrants from the Dominican Republic survived for three weeks when their boat engine failed at sea, only by devouring some of the 60 others who succumbed to dehydration and exposure.
But is eating someone's flesh in such extreme conditions against the law? Not in the UK, according to Samantha Pegg, senior lecturer at Nottingham Trent University. “There is no offence of cannibalism in our jurisdiction,” Dr Pegg says. They point out that Alvarenga's story is similar to a famous case in legal history. In 1884, a four-man crew sailing from England to Australia were shipwrecked with almost no food. When the 17-year-old cabin boy became ill, two of the men, Stephens and Dudley, decided to kill and eat him. Five days later they were rescued and charged with murder. The third man was not charged, despite eating their companion's flesh. Although their lawyers argued that killing the cabin boy was a necessity for the survival of the three other men, Stephens and Dudley were convicted of murder and sentenced to death – later commuted to six months' imprisonment. “This set a precedent that there is no necessity defence for murder,” points out Pegg.
In cases of serial killers or sexually motivated cannibals, the charge is always murder, they say. In Germany, where there is also no offence of cannibalism, a court had to wrestle with a case where a man “offered” themselves to be killed and consumed by an IT expert called Armin Meiwes – Meiwes was still convicted of murder. Last year, a German police officer was sentenced to eight-and-a-half years for a similar crime of “murder and disturbing the peace of the dead”. However, because their victim was said to be “willing”, they were not given the maximum sentence.
Other would-be cannibals could face charges of outraging public decency or preventing a lawful burial, says Pegg. In 1988, performance artist Rick Gibson ate human tonsils on the street; they claim to be “the first cannibal in British history to legally eat human meat in public.” With a rise in “body food”, and eating your partner's placenta, they may not be the last.
I was typing a long chunk of words about when and what to scout for while I was preparing for the last post (TvZ: Reaper Opening into 3CC). In the end, I removed it as the content deserves a post of its own and is too “general” for a specific build order. So here it is.
This covers the basics and most advance scouting knowledge. However, I will not go into a pro-level analysis, for example, count the number of Drones at a certain timing. One simple reason is that I'm just not good enough for that. The other reason is that metagame shifts constantly and methods like counting Drones are not viable unless you do Starcraft for a living.
Basic early scout
There are two basic SCV scout timing. One is to scout after the first supply depot is built, and the other is at 15 supply (usually when the barrack finishes). Flash likes to scout after their first supply depot is built in a two players map. This is because the time that the SCV reaches opponent's natural is the time that they decide whether to build their command centre in the low ground or the main for their 14CC build. If there is a hatchery building at the natural, it is safe to have the command centre at the low ground. If there isn't one, then you should use the command centre to wall off the main as it is a pool before hatch build. Other than doing a 14CC build or an engineering bay block, I do see much benefit of scouting with such an early SCV.
The 15 supply SCV is the standard scouting time. Similar to earlier SCV scout, the first thing to scout for is whether there is a hatchery at the natural. If there is no hatchery at the natural, simply wall off the ramp immediately. Next, move the SCV to the main to see what type of one base build the opponent is doing. There are mainly three possibilities:
6 pool
10 pool
One base Baneling all-in (Probably this has extincted)
Bunker is needed if it is a Baneling all-in, while wall off is enough for the other two possibilities. If there is a hatchery at the natural, it shapes up to a standard game.
If you open with a 12/12 Reaper, the Hatchery should complete right when the Reaper reaches it.
Quick sum: Is there a hatchery at the natural?
Hatchery first – Basic
The key is to scout for spawning pool and extractor. It is possible that there is no spawning pool in the base at that time, and that means it is a third hatchery before pool build. Just move the SCV around the base, as the opponent might simply delay the spawning pool. Check the third if there is no spawning pool to confirm if there is a third hatchery.
If there is a spawning pool, the next thing you need to scout is the timing of the extractor. There are three main possibilities:
No extractor
Extractor after spawning pool
Extractor before spawning pool
If there is no extractor, it will be an early third hatchery with four to six Queens.
Extractor after pool is the current standard build. The next thing to scout for is whether the first 100 gas is invested in speed upgrade. This can be known by looking at the animation of the spawning pool. The speed upgrade should start by 4:00. If there is no speed upgrade ,which is rare, there should be a roach warren for early Roach timing. For a hatchery-pool-extractor-speed build, there are two key things to take note:
Speed upgrade completes by 5:45 – 6:00
Third hatchery starts building by 6:00 – 6:30
Make sure your units are not outside out in the map by 5:45, as you do not have the map control. If you have Reapers, you can either bring them back to the base or sacrifice them to scout for tech buildings.
If there is no third hatchery, it could be a two base timing or a two base lair tech.
Extractor before pool is either an aggression build or a tech build. Speed upgrade will finish slightly earlier than 5:45. The key thing is to scout whether there is roach warren or a baneling nest. Either tech building should be down by 4:30 – 5:00. You should retreat to the high ground. If there is no tech building, it will be a two base lair build which is less common in the current metagame.
Example of extractor before pool timing: GuMiho vs. KangHo
Quick sum: What is the timing of the spawning pool and extractor?
Signs of an aggression timing or an all-in
One key sign is the extractor timing as mentioned above.
The number of Queens can tell you the build too. There should be two Queens if the Zerg player is doing a timing. A standard macro build usually has four Queens.
Creep spread is another sign, but it is harder to evaluate. If the Zerg player wants to do a timing, the energy of the Queen has to be spent on injection. Although some players suggest to check if there are multiple Overlords being produced at the same time, I find this really hard to catch.
If it is a hatchery-pool-extractor-speed build, the tech building should be down by 5:30. Most of the time it is a Roach-Speedling timing.
Example of Roach-Speedling timing: INnoVation vs. HyuN
The often misleading sign is the third hatchery. It is good to assume that a timing is incoming and play safe, when there is no third hatchery. Conversely, you assume that it is a standard macro game when you see the third hatchery. However, there are three hatch timings which can be fatal if you're unprepared. A roach warren could start at the same time as the third hatchery, and shapes up to a Roach timing or Roach-Baneling timing.
Example of three hatchery Roach-Baneling timing: GuMiho vs. Symbol
It is difficult to tell if there is a three hatchery timing. If there are two evolution chambers being used as a wall at the natural, there should not be a three base timing. You really have to sneak a Reaper into the Zerg's base or gamble on a scan to know.
A direct way to know if there is a timing coming is the number of Zerglings made. However, it is hard to objectively deduce how many is considered as a sign of a timing attack at various time frame, especially when Zerg players will try to hide the Zerglings.
—
Leave a comment if you have anything that you want to share about scouting vs. Zerg.
(RNS) — Forty years ago, Alex Kronemer was a bored college student on a semester-abroad tour of Italy when they entered what felt like their millionth Catholic church.
Thinking to sneak away, they headed for the exit. There, by the main door, was an exquisite Giotto fresco depicting St. Francis of Assisi undergoing trial by fire before the sultan of Egypt.
Kronemer stopped in their tracks.
“It immediately captured my imagination,” they said of the fresco, which shows Francis defiant before a chest-high pillar of flame that arises at the command of the enthroned sultan.
“It stayed with me,” Kronemer added, because they always felt that there was more to this particular saint than “just the guy who loved animals.”
On Tuesday (Dec. 26), PBS will air the result of Kronemer's fascination with the story in “The Sultan and the Saint,” a one-hour documentary they wrote and directed.
Official Trailer | The Sultan and the Saint | PBS Francis of Assisi and the Sultan of Egypt risk it all to end the Crusades.
The film, narrated by Academy Award winner Jeremy Irons, recounts the unlikely friendship between Francis and Malik al-Kamil Nasir al-Din Muhammad, ruler of Egypt and nephew of the great Muslim leader Saladin.
The Italian saint — whom Pope Francis is named after — traveled to Egypt in 1219 to preach against war among the Christian Crusaders. They arrived as tens of thousands of Christian soldiers besieged the Muslim fortress of Damietta, defended by Sultan Malik al-Kamil.
The story goes that Francis crossed the battle lines and made their way to the sultan's camp. They told the sultan they wanted to preach the Gospel to save their and theirs companions' souls — and the sultan, who could have killed them as their enemy, instead received them graciously.
Francis offered to walk through fire — the inspiration for the Giotto fresco — to demonstrate the truth of the Gospel, but the sultan declined. They allowed Francis to preach to their court.
The two men spent several days together, eating together, talking together, before Francis returned to the Christian side of the battlefield. Scholars depict the encounter as pivotal for Francis.
“I believe in watching Muslims pray, men and women, five times daily that it really struck Francis unexpectedly,” Michael Cusato, a Franciscan priest and historian, says in the film. “I think it profoundly moved him.”
Kathleen Warren, a Franciscan sister, adds, “The respect they had for each other spoke volumes to Francis that this, indeed, was not an enemy, this was not a beast, but this truly was a brother.”
But the Crusaders had other ideas and continued their siege, wiping out 80,000 people in Damietta. Francis was sickened and disheartened and returned to Italy.
The sultan, forced to retreat, soon turned the tables on the Crusaders and had them surrounded and starving. But instead of going in for the kill, they sent their enemies food and feed for their animals. Many lives were saved and both sides returned home.
“The sultan had every reason in the world to let the Christians die, but they responded with mercy and compassion,” Kronemer said. “It is not the reason the Crusades ended, but it really was the beginning of the end and it was these two men of faith who got that moving.”
Why tell this 800-year-old story now? Kronemer believes many of the circumstances that made the mass slaughter of the Crusades possible are in play again between East and West, especially the dehumanizing of one's enemies and rhetoric that “otherizes” those who are considered different because of religion or race.
“When people begin otherizing that bleeds out into” other areas, such as politics, Kronemer said. “I think that is a period I think we are in right now. We are hoping that the film raises that and provides a model through these two individuals to how you can overcome that.”
That's reflected in the viewing parties Kronemer's production company, Unity Productions Foundation, and PBS have organized nationwide for the airing Tuesday. There are more than 100 scheduled, ranging from family gatherings to interfaith meet-ups. Muslim, Christian, Jewish, Buddhist and Baha'i groups are hosting parties from Massachusetts to California.
Michael Lavach and their wife will hold a viewing party at their house near San Diego the next time their monthly devotional interfaith group gets together. They are Baha'is and saw the film a year ago at the invitation of a Catholic sister who knew of a screening.
“What we are trying to do in (their devotional group) is break down barriers and help people become more open to different faiths so they can understand that all major belief systems come from one God and should not be a cause for fighting,” they said. “We thought if St. Francis and the sultan can come together, why not everybody else?”
FISHERMEN working off Burriana beach in Nerja have come under heavy criticism from environmentalists and marine biologists in the wake of the butchering of an adult thresher shark (Alopias vulpinus) after it was caught ‘accidentally.'
The incident occurred last week, after the four-metre animal, which apparently weighed some 400 kilos, became ensnared in a trammel net, a three-layered static arrangement used to entangle fishes and crustaceans.
Several boats became involved in order to muster the force to drag the shark to shore, where it was carved into pieces and distributed to various local businesses.
Threshers are highly-valued and considered a delicacy, but also classified as ‘endangered' by the International Union for the Conservation of Nature (IUCN), which publishes a Red List detailing the conservation status of species worldwide.
The species is protected by national and international law and its capture is prohibited in Spain, although largely unregulated fishing in the Mediterranean has caused its numbers to decline by ‘at least' 60 per cent in the last 45 years alone.
Despite growing to over five metres in length, the thresher is not considered dangerous to humans since it has a small mouth and is adapted to feed on small fish.
Francisco Pinto, a shark specialist working at the Aula del Mar museum in Malaga city, said that although it is very unusual to see this species so close to the coast, an individual was captured in the port of Caleta de Velez a few years ago and seized by the Fisheries Inspectorate of the Junta de Andalucia.
“On some occasions we have seen specimens lurking around the mouths of ports, such as Benalmadena, but never on the beaches,” they added. “It is a shame that there are still unscrupulous types who do business via the capture and sale of endangered sharks.”
The tumultuous heart of our Galaxy
This new image of powerful remnants of dead stars and their mighty action on the surrounding gas from ESA's XMM-Newton X-ray observatory reveals some of the most intense processes taking place at the centre of our galaxy, the Milky Way.
The bright, point-like sources that stand out across the image trace binary stellar systems in which one of the stars has reached the end of its life, evolving into a compact and dense object – a neutron star or black hole. Because of their high densities, these compact remnants devour mass from their companion star, heating the material up and causing it to shine brightly in X-rays.
The central region of our galaxy also contains young stars and stellar clusters, and some of these are visible as white or red sources sprinkled throughout the image, which spans about one thousand light-years.
Most of the action is occurring at the centre, where diffuse clouds of gas are being carved by powerful winds blown by young stars, as well as by supernovas, the explosive demise of massive stars.
The supermassive black hole sitting at the centre of the Galaxy is also responsible for some of this action. Known as Sagittarius A*, this black hole has a mass a few million times that of our Sun, and it is located within the bright, fuzzy source to the right of the image centre.
While black holes themselves do not emit light, their immense gravitational pull draws in the surrounding matter that, in the process, emits light at many wavelengths, most notably X-rays. In addition, two lobes of hot gas can be seen extending above and below the black hole.
Astronomers believe that these lobes are caused either directly by the black hole, which swallows part of the material that flows onto it but spews out most of it, or by the cumulative effect of the numerous stellar winds and supernova explosions that occur in such a dense environment.
This image, showing us an unprecedented view of the Milky Way's energetic core, was put together in a new study by compiling all observations of this region that were performed with XMM-Newton, adding up to about one and a half months of monitoring in total.
By of the
Green Bay — On Tuesday, the Green Bay Packers held their first OTA workout open to the public, which meant fans and reporters saw a slimmed-down Eddie Lacy for the first time.
Lacy spent two months of their off-season working out with P90X creator Tony Horton, who appeared in a TMZ video in January saying they could help the struggling running back. Horton spoke to the Journal Sentinel on Tuesday afternoon in an exclusive interview detailing their time with Lacy in both Wyoming and California. They estimate that Lacy shed between 15 and 20 pounds.
The following is a portion of the interview between Horton and Michael Cohen. Check back later for a full story based on the interview.
Q: Did this partnership really come about as a social media connection?
A: TMZ was (contacting) me about it, about what I thought. Then (Lacy's) folks kind of reached out to me and said, ‘Are you for real? Would you really like to help out Eddie?' And I had never done anything quite like that before. Obviously I've sold a lot of DVDs and worked with a lot of folks in the military and the Pentagon, and I've worked with athletes before but never sort of one-on-one like that where we actually got to hang out and spend almost two months together.
But I knew I could help him, and I knew what they were struggling from, and I think we both agreed in our meeting that they needed sort of a new perspective and a new approach. And we got along really great. We just met each other up in San Francisco the week before the Super Bowl. And we said hey, let's give this thing a try. Come hangout with me in Jackson Hole and then after that stint is done we'll come back to LA and continue it there. We just got along, you know what I mean? We laughed a lot and we worked hard and we ate clean food and just took care of business, you know?
Q: When it came to putting together the workout plans and things like that, was there any input from the Packers, or was it up to you to sort of do what you do?
A: I think the Packers' opinion was, ‘Hey man, you're an adult. It's the off-season and we just hope you go out there and make good choices.' And they left it up to Eddie and I to get it done. They didn't really have any impact or say in it. So yeah, there was never really any discussion about that with them.
Q: When we asked Eddie about what the workouts consisted of, they said there were times when they did some boxing, some basketball, some P90X — what all was they doing?
A: There was everything. I mean everything. I've been training folks for 35 years, and so my perspective is the more I got them out of their comfort zone the better. I wasn't here to run 40s with them or plays or anything like that. I wasn't here to do football stuff. I mean, I made them do yoga. We went to boxing classes. We did P90X, we did P90X2, we did 22 Minute Hard Corps, we did a lot of my personal workouts. We did pullups and pushups until we couldn't lift our arms. We did everything. I had them do plyometrics twice a week. And then just pure cardio just to burn calories once a week. We had three days a week that were heavy on the plyometrics and the heart, lungs and legs. Then the other days of the week it was more resistance — body weight, functional fitness, balance, speed, range of motion and things like that. A lot of core work, which was really important for him.
Q: What types of things were reasonable in terms of expectations going into this?
A: There's one thing I know that works, without having to get too hung up on numbers like weight and inches and the aesthetics. My goal was to help them lose the weight and move athletically six or seven days a week for the duration of our time together, and that's exactly what we did. We had to do one routine on Fridays which was called Boxes and Balls, which is doing a lot of stablization work on BOSU balls and stability balls and then tons of plyo boxes. It's a mother. Things that he's familiar with to some degree as a football player, but a lot of the movements and sequences were brand new to them so it challenged him. Early on, that routine in particular was really tough. But at the end, they were kicking everybody's ass. Oh my god. I mean, what was awesome about watching Eddie was how quickly they adapted to the exercies. I'm 58 and he's 25, and most of the guys I train with are in their 30s and 40s. They just went right by us. That was really exciting to watch.
The other thing too was just getting their diet in order. The problem was caused because of a poor diet. That changed. They didn't know that healthy food could taste good. I cooked for them a lot of days. It's not that hard. You make some egg whites and throw some veggies in there. It's not rocket science. They were excited because they learned that you can make healthy food taste really good, so it's easier for them to be more consistent with it. In the past — he's from New Orleans so there are a lot of really rich foods. They grew up with that. He's a crawfish fan. They cut way back on the alcohol, which they learned early on that excess alcohol causes testosterone levels to go down. And that's all they needed to hear. It was really impressive to see their level of discipline and hard work and willingness to get way outside of their comfort zone. Because they knew what was at stake. It was important to him, so they did it.
Q: Was there a target weight you guys wanted to hit?
A: No I didn't even know what they weighed when they came in. And I didn't know what they weighed when they left. We didn't want to do that. We wanted to take all the pressure off. We just wanted to have a good time, work really hard and eat clean and drink plenty of water. I had them on some supplements that they had never done. They needed some vitamin D supplements. We just kind of checked what they needed, and they were low on vitamin D and fiber. They had never taken a supplement before ever. He's a genetic freak. But they took it easy there the last year and a half. Just like anybody else, if you don't pay attention and think you're going to get by on pure genetics, it's going to catch up to you. We just made some dietary shifts, some supplement shifts. The company I work for, Beachbody, makes these performance formulas that really made a difference for him, really allowed them to recover from these new kinds of workouts and to have the energy to get in there and progress over the course of two months.
Q: Was they drawing on specific things or comments to fuel them when you guys were working out, or did they just want to work for the sake of being better?
A: We didn't talk about it that much. I don't know what motivated them from day to day. They understood based on comments that the coach made, based on comments that their supporters and the people around them were saying, knowing that this is the last year of their contract. They knew what was at stake. But one thing about Eddie, he's a very humble cat, man. They don't boast (or) any of that stuff, man. He's just a really good dude. They just hunkered down and they focused. My guess is that they lost between 15 and 20 pounds. I knew that they had a belly when they started and they didn't have one when they left. And they had much bigger arms, they had much better endurance, their agility had improved tenfold.
My only concern was that after we parted, being up in Green Bay with a lot of downtime, the trick is always how do you keep those good habits intact if a guy like me is not around. Hopefully there is somebody up there that saw the progress and saw the improvement. But I never heard a word from anybody in Green Bay, which I didn't expect it.
I know for sure that Eddie has really figured out the food thing. He's continued with that. But I don't think he's going to be doing that Monday night plyometrics routine, which is brutal. (laughs) It's a routine that I've been doing for 15 years. I've had Usher at my house doing it, I've had Olympic speed skaters do it and they can't walk for four or five days. It's a mother. When they first started, same thing: They couldn't sit down on the john. At the end, they aren't even sore anymore.
Q: How excited are you to see them actually do something now on the field?
A: I'm rooting for him, man, because he's such a great guy. Here they are, totally different worlds. I'm 30-something years older, you wouldn't think we have much in common. But we just got along. I think that's the reason they didn't bail partway through. And they trusted me, you know? You want to hear something crazy? I'm in the best shape of my life because of training Eddie Lacy. I am. I said to him, ‘I'm not going to be just your trainer. I'm not going to just stand over you and hound you. I'm going to do everything that you do.' So if it's chest and back day, I'm doing it. If it's plyo day, I'm doing it with you. I was more of a partner in the process than I was a guy just telling them what to do and standing there with a beer belly. We worked out almost seven days a week for two months. We missed some here and there because of travel and stuff.
Q: Do you think they ever got close to quitting?
A: I don't know. I don't know. He's kind of quiet, keeps those things to himself. I think a few times along the way they felt like — you know, I don't know. I would say no. I think they were committed the entire way. I didn't really see any signs of anything where they were like, ‘I'm out of here.' Never.
I know that many of you have comments regarding the future of the DMU and what direction it should take, and I want you to rest assured that I do not care at all what you have to say unless you are one of the 5% of humanity that is capable of actually doing something, i.e. making a contribution here. The rest is just chatter by filthy little monkeys posturing at self-importance and trying to stay relevant because their lives are entirely irrelevant.
The internet — which now serves the same role that daytime television did in the 80s — has become an echo chamber of the self-important as they try to use pretense and pretending to make themselves appear more important than other monkeys. An internet “intellectual” or “virtue signaler” is the equivalent of a monkey decorating its fur with cast-off bottle caps. The internet has given rise to many terms describing variants of this behavior, like humble-brag, frenemy, and SJW. It is all the same pathology: the scream of the insignificant for attention.
Newsflash to monkeys: you only become important by doing something for other people or, better, some thing that people find meaning in. I write about sex, drugs, politics, and metal; all of these enrich lives when done right, and destroy civilization when done wrong. In my experience, most people want life to be like a grocery store where they just select what product flatters them and makes them look special to the other monkeys, and then not have to invest any more time in the upkeep of those products or responsibility for their decisions. Ideally, it would be like buying junk at Wal-mart: you take an identity off the shelf, pay for it, take it home and use it, then toss it thoughtlessly in the dumpster, ignoring the towering pile of landfill slowly consuming your world.
Perhaps the above was harsh. It is not so much that I do not care about what non-doers think, but that I have no time for it because they have no skin in the game and thus, by the rule of human socializing, they are simply posturing. 99% of the suggestions made to this site are made in public by people who want the other monkeys to start screeching in approval. They hope to gain a rise in troupe status (sorry, “social” status) by tearing down something above them; this is a common activity of the nearly intelligent, sometimes called the merely clever by pedantic but accurate elitists.
Let me explain to you the situation so that you can use it to make more informed misinformed monkey critique: this site has fallen on hard times. When the internet was mostly the domain of brainier people, content like what is produced here was rewarded. But once the television crowd comes in, they want intellectual posturing like is found at idiot magnet sites like Wikipedia and Metal Archives; they do the same thing to the music, as well, which dovetailed with the reduction in quality of the underground as its original bands expressed their fundamental ideas.
DMU does not face this problem alone. All of Western Civilization is facing the same “race to the bottom” in pursuit of whatever trends and fads please the herd at that very moment because when a half-billion monkeys with money decide they like something, whoever owns it finds themselves rich enough to exit the modern cycle of jobs, stress, shopping, drunkenness, and politics. You can take your hundred million and buy yourself an island off of one of the tourist-stabilized third world nations and then hire private security. The rest of your life will be quite pleasant. This is why people are obsessed with making their own mediocre version of whatever is in the news or trending on Twitter, and it is why underground metal was opposed to trends, instead looking toward what is timeless, eternal, perpetual, perennial, and otherwise not just a monkey herd behavior.
DMU can succeed, but it requires acknowledging the truth of the situation.
The first ugly reality is that there are many audiences and they prefer whatever flatters them, and there is a solipsistic unrealistic nerd contingent on the internet that only wants long articles bloviating about concepts from community college philosophy classes and TED talks. This audience murders anything good because they miss the point that actual thinkers are not merely “intellectuals,” or those who think to have a reason to be relevant, but applied theorists, or those who think about things which can produce real-world improvements.
The second ugly reality is that this “autistic” nerd contingent, which really got a kick-start with Swedish degenerates like Opeth and Meshuggah, exists as it does mainly because the rest of the audience is even more blockheaded. The Pantera kids — true American degeneracy — are the classic case of rock listeners who want the appearance of metal. They will moronize even the best forms of music, but anything of actual intellectual challenge drives them off; they can like the Eurasian-era Burzum albums, but are baffled by the first one, for example. They will proudly display their Tchaikovsky and Copeland albums, but find Bruckner inscrutable. Both they and the “autistic” nerd contingent are examples of the Dunning-Kruger-Downing effect, and they drive away anyone intelligent, which dooms a genre to stupidity and thus, failure.
The third ugly reality is that most people simply want good music but they are not going to commit much further than to choosing a radio channel, stream, or site to tell them what to listen to. They are not music nerds or obsessives. They have lives and reasons for their importance — usually local reasons, like family, career, culture, and proficiency — outside of music and they do not need to use it to posture around. This audience is virtually unrepresented on the internet because they are also not prone to spend a lot of time dicking around social media, forums, and search engines. They have other stuff to do, but they like killer tunes.
To reach this audience, we have to be popular enough that we are highly visible, and yet distinct enough that they can grasp what we are on about. This requires covering more mainstream heavy music. The point is that if people find a trusted resource which adherence to the DMU's mission statement of elitism, or praising only the good music so that Darwinistic natural selection drives out the bad, they will follow it, and then will pay attention to its underground metal recommendations.
The monkey troupe wants a site that praises crap so that the monkeys can feel validated for their own poor taste, which is another way of saying that useful idiots want to be “equal” so that no one notices they are idiots and downranks them for being less useful than people who are not idiots, or at least, less idiotic. DMU has stood against this mentality for years because it leads to crap music becoming profitable, which in turn causes more crap music to be created, at which point talented musicians flee the genre because they realize that they will be ignored while crap is praised, which basically makes these talented musicians waste their lives in exchange for abuse.
If you want a future for this site, it can be found in being effective, which requires the initial appearance of selling out so that the site can deliver the one message that cannot be sold out — good to the good, bad to the bad — and therefore in turn requires people of wisdom to implement it. Everyone else will screech for their own personal pretenses and in doing so, both fail to achieve what they claim are their aims and waste the time of anyone involved.
Tags: anus.com/metal, decline and fall of western civilization, dmu, metal-archives, sodomize the weak, wikipedia
There was so hilarious juxtaposition in the news yesterday as Barack Obama was lecturing the Coast Guard graduates on global warming as previously unreleased documents from Osama Bin Laden showed they too are deeply concerned about global warming.
In fact, Osama Bin Laden was deeply concerned about money in politics, global warming, and a host of other left-wing issues. It's like Hitler, who was deeply concerned that their nation needed a minimum wage, universal health care, and needed to go organic, vegetarian as a nation.
Crazy totalitarian despots have the wackiest ideas. Note: that's comparing Bin Laden and Hitler and has nothing to do with President Obama.
What is really funny here is that Bin Laden's concerns about big money in politics and global warming could come from any inane rambling from a leftwing blogger or MSNBC talking head. In fact, I've noted repeatedly that with the exception of mass murderous violence, the radical left and Islamic jihadists have a lot in common. They deeply hate America and capitalism, and they thrive on a hive like need to collectively intimidate, harass, and silence their opposition. They have no grace and demand conversion.
In fact, ultimately what sets Bin Laden apart from left-wing thugs is that they have the same views of a left wing blogger, but also has courage in their convictions.
I don't care if he's statistically fine or above average. He's not a fun champion. He's not fun to play as, and especially not fun to play against. Their kit is boring and extremely linear, with way too many flaws to ever be balanced. Their Q doesn't mix well with the rest of their kit. It's awkward to use and feels very inconsistent. On top of that, it lacks the synergy that the old Q had as a mix with their combo, making it far less satisfying to use. Their W is a mistake. It's not something you give an assassin. Ever. Both to heal and the CC removal is something better suited for a bruiser, hence why people started building them that way. In addition, it doesn't make sense to have this on a combo-heavy character. They Have to blow this ability as soon as they jump in or they can't get 5 stacks. There's almost no situation where saving it for later in the fight would make more sense than just using it immediately, since he's pretty much useless after he's used their ultimate. Speaking of which... Their R does the exact opposite of what it was conceived to do. Its original purpose was to stealthily take out a target who was isolated. This reworked form immediately alerts anyone halfway across the map of their presence, completely defeating the purpose of picking targets off. You can never use it unless you plan on team fighting, since the target has more than enough time to run and get help before you can reach them. Also, the Crit they get is stupid. Riot said they shouldn't be able to 1 shot people anymore, yet they add this gimmicky critical strike which can nearly execute a target outright. It's far easier to do than performing a full combo with old Rengar. Their kit can't decide whether it wants to be a bruiser or an assassin. Their W and Ult would lead me to believe he's a bruiser, but their Bonus AD ratios make it seem like he's an assassin. I can almost guarantee Riot didn't know either. Their whole kit is a mess, and shouldn't exist in this current state. Hopefully he'll get some sort of changes, but I'm pretty confident Riot believes Rengar's initial existence was a mistake and wish to bury him.
Title
Body Cancel
Save
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
DO the British dislike Roman Catholics? As the country prepared for the state visit by Pope Benedict XVI due to begin on September 16th, the mood looked surly. Luminaries from the arts and sciences denounced Vatican teachings on gay rights, condom use and abortion. Newspapers demanded to know if the pope would meet victims of clerical sex abuse. More than half those questioned by Populus, a pollster, said they were against a single penny of public money being spent on the four-day visit.
Some conservatives detected the whiff of ancient bigotries. They pointed to figures such as Richard Dawkins, a polemical atheist, who called the pope a “leering old villain in a frock”. They noted the lack of outcry when a columnist declared that, for Catholics, “doublespeak and duplicity are second nature”.
Other voices, among them successful Catholics, counsel calm. Sir Stephen Wall—a former ambassador and adviser to England's Roman Catholic leadership—says traditional anti-popery has little to do with the pope's chilly reception. Instead, the Vatican's handling of priestly child abuse has damaged its moral authority. More broadly, the “fundamentalist” character of today's Vatican is out of step with the secularism and social liberalism of modern Britain (indeed of many British Catholics).
Both camps have a point. As so often in modern Britain, a key to the riddle is historical amnesia.
In Britain (or at least England), the tradition of sectarian enmity was not so much purged from the body politic as mislaid. Anti-Catholic prejudice was rife in polite English society until surprisingly recently: countless families can tell tales of scandals or feuds triggered by a mixed Anglican-Catholic marriage, up to the 1960s or 1970s. Sectarianism lingers on in Northern Ireland, bits of Scotland and some English cities like Liverpool. Yet in much of England, people under 40 cannot remember why Catholicism caused their grandparents such alarm.
This ignorance cuts across class and educational lines. In the centre of Oxford stands a handsome Gothic memorial of honey-coloured stone. Erected in 1841, it looks decorous and benign, but is in fact a work of anti-Catholic propaganda. It remembers the “Oxford Martyrs”, three Anglican prelates burned at the stake during Mary Tudor's bid to reimpose Catholic supremacy in England in 1553-58. This was rough stuff: a botched execution left one ex-bishop to cook even more painfully than normal. All in all, more than 280 Protestants were burned under “Bloody Mary”. For centuries, their deaths were a plank of national mythology (less was said about the 200 or so Catholics strangled and disembowelled soon afterwards by Elizabeth I). For many Anglicans, and for a long time, Roman Catholicism was not just a foreign, superstitious creed, it was demonstrably cruel. Well into the modern age, this was a potent political argument. The 1841 Martyrs' Memorial was built as a rebuke and warning to Oxford theologians such as John Henry Newman, as they questioned the legitimacy of the Church of England's split from Rome.
Today, religious elements of Britain's founding myth draw blank stares. In an unscientific straw poll at the Martyrs' Memorial this week, students, tourists and even an Oxford don chaining up their bicycle (sturdy frame, wicker basket) could not say what it commemorated. The martyrdom of Archbishop Cranmer, said the don at last, grimacing with embarrassment. Whether they were a Protestant or Catholic martyr, they could not say.
On September 19th, Pope Benedict is due to beatify Newman (who converted to Rome and became a cardinal) at a mass in Birmingham: the ceremony is meant to be the highlight of their visit. If religious enmity explained British surliness towards Benedict XVI, Newman's mass would surely witness the greatest protests. Half a century ago, for a pope to beatify Newman on British soil would have been an “intensely provocative act”, suggests John Wolffe of the Open University. Newman was widely seen as a “spiritual traitor”. Today, their beatification causes barely a flicker: all attention is on child abuse and Vatican social teachings.
That fuzzily secular amnesia of the English has wider political consequences. Jonathan Powell, a former chief of staff to Tony Blair and prime ministerial envoy to the Northern Ireland peace process, has written that Mr Blair's “relative ignorance” of Irish history was a peacemaking advantage: their boss had no “historical baggage”. You can take the thought further: a settlement in Northern Ireland was arguably possible only once most English voters ceased to comprehend sectarian hatreds in that province.
Yet very little of this has ever been debated consciously by the English: that is the cost of their national genius for forgetting rather than forgiving. This is a shame, because the death of overt anti-Catholicism is a rather hopeful story—involving reciprocal tolerance and socioeconomic progress. One big change came when the Catholic church in England became less hardline towards its own flock, says Eamon Duffy of Cambridge University. Before the mid-1960s, bishops would still tell devout youngsters where they could safely study, and denounced marriage to non-Catholics as a threat to the faith. For Diarmaid MacCulloch of Oxford University, English tolerance of Catholicism moved in lockstep with the emergence of a mainstream middle class among Irish immigrant communities.
An optimist might see a chance there for Islam, another conservative religion currently causing alarm. A bit of affluence here, a bit less defensiveness there, and before you know it, the English cannot remember why a minority worried them so much. It is a muddled, imperfect solution (just ask Catholics offended by this week's pope-bashing). But with the English, muddle is often as good as it gets.
I've started a new Saturday morning routine that involves coffee, pastries, and the farmers' market. While Sacramento has a handful of farmers' markets, the one of Saturday morning has morphed into a family-friendly market that showcases local produce, artist, and a couple food vendors (including a waffle vendor that looks absolutely amazing). I pop down there, grab what I can, and then head home to plan the week's meals.
With spring produce in full swing, I let whatever I pick up at the market inspire my meals. This spring sorghum salad used up the last bit of remaining radishes (the very same ones featured on Tuesday's radish toast) and accompanied one of my favorite spring treats: grilled asparagus. Tossing the sliced radishes with a bit of lemon juice also creates a bit of pickle-like texture.
As for the grain, I currently have a big batch of cooked sorghum sitting in the refrigerator but really any grain would do (because it's less about the grain and more about the fresh produce!) And if you want to keep this salad vegan, just ditch the feta cheese!
The handful of Minnesota Swarm players taking part in Wednesday's small practice session were a bit late to arrive, but the four Canadians had a good reason: they had to watch the second period of Canada's hockey game against Latvia in the Sochi Olympics.
Even among these professional lacrosse players, hockey still runs in their blood.
In a country where hockey dominates, lacrosse is a close second in Canada. Most kids who play hockey in the winter will make the transition to lacrosse in the summer after the hockey season is done. Now, the State of Hockey is seeing a similar trend as lacrosse is becoming a more popular sport.
Thanks in part to the Swarm's involvement in spreading the game, more and more Minnesotans are playing box — or indoor — lacrosse. It's the preferred version of the sport in Canada, and an increasing number of youth in Minnesota are making the transition from field lacrosse to box lacrosse.
"One thing I have noticed is when you talk to the kids, you ask them what they like better, a lot of them have been saying box lacrosse," said Swarm forward Shayne Jackson, who grew up playing box lacrosse in Canada. "It's more physical. Field lacrosse, you don't touch the ball as much. It's more of a slower pace. A lot of the guys like it because you're always on the floor. Every 30 seconds, you get back on the floor. It's fast-paced. A lot of the kids have been liking it."
The Swarm — one of nine teams in the National Lacrosse League — play their home games at the Xcel Energy Center, which also happens to be home of the NHL's Minnesota Wild. At first glance, a Swarm game has many similarities to hockey. There are five players plus a goalie on the field at a time, with frequent line changes. It's more physical than its outdoor counterpart — meaning players wear more padding — and there's also a 30-second shot clock similar to a basketball game.
The strategies differ between box lacrosse and field lacrosse as a result of the different field dimensions. The pace in an indoor game is quicker and the goals are smaller, although it's not uncommon for a team to score double-digit goals in a game.
The Minnesota Swarm's Alex Crepinsek (left) takes charge in a game at the Xcel Center in St. Paul.
For many who grew up in the United States, this style takes some getting used to. Perhaps that's why the Swarm have just one American-born player, Greg Downing, on their roster. The rest of the team hails from Canada, and many players live north of the border and work other jobs during the week while flying back to St. Paul for games.
Despite the variance of styles, many NLL players who grew up playing field lacrosse have adapted well the indoor game — or so say their Canadian teammates, most of whom started playing box lacrosse at a young age.
"I think the guys on our team that started playing field lacrosse, their first box lacrosse experience was playing professional," said Swarm forward Alex Crepinsek. "They're just such good field lacrosse players that they could adapt and learn the game. With kids now growing up and playing box lacrosse, it should help the improvement of the league and help the popularity of it as well."
Swarm assistant coach Aime Caines has seen both sides of the coin in Minnesota. He's currently the head boy's lacrosse coach at East Ridge High School, one of the nearly 70 high schools in the state to have a varsity lacrosse program. While Caines grew up playing box lacrosse in Canada as well as in the NLL, they now coaches both field and box lacrosse.
Caines also serves as the director of the Youth Box League, which has leagues for various ages of both boys and girls in Minnesota. That also includes the Jr. Swarm, an elite youth team that travels across North America to play other box lacrosse teams. According to Alec Schimke of the Swarm, Minnesota's Youth Box League is the largest in the country. Caines said the number of kids in the league grew from 185 when it started six years ago to 1,200 participants last year.
Box lacrosse may not be a common household term among many Minnesotans, but there's no doubt the sport continues to grow in popularity. The Swarm is doing their part to spread the word.
"I think it's going to grow. It's going to become I think just as popular as field lacrosse," Caines said. "I think in Minnesota, we already have a foundation. It's just going to really take off."
Follow Tyler Mason on Twitter
The Fort Lauderdale Strikers traded Walter Restrepo to the San Antonio Scorpions in exchange for hotel rooms and transportation. (Anthony Gruppuso/ZumaPress) The Fort Lauderdale Strikers traded Walter Restrepo to the San Antonio Scorpions in exchange for hotel rooms and transportation. (Anthony Gruppuso/ZumaPress)
By now you may have seen the news: On Tuesday, the NASL's San Antonio Scorpions acquired midfielder Wálter Restrepo — one of the league's top players two years ago — from the Fort Lauderdale Strikers for a rather unique transfer fee (first reported by 90 Minutes Strong):
*Free lodging and transportation during Fort Lauderdale's two road trips to San Antonio in 2014.*
Your first reaction was: Seriously?
Welcome to life in the NASL, the second tier of U.S. soccer.
I spoke to two people involved in the deal over the phone on Wednesday. The first was Bill Brendel, the general manager of the Crockett Hotel, a Scorpions sponsor which hosts all the NASL teams visiting San Antonio.
“The Scorpions reached out to us to see if we could be creative,” said Brendel, whose hotel was thanked by the Scorpions in their official press release (which has since been taken down). “It was kind of a win-win for everyone.”
The second person I spoke to was Howard Cornfield, the San Antonio team president. With a voice that seemed a bit weary, Cornfield said maybe they should have simply mentioned “cash considerations” in the press release instead of thanking the Crockett Hotel and Shark Limo, another team sponsor that will provide free bus service to Fort Lauderdale as well on their trips.
“But I'm a believer that no publicity is bad publicity,” Cornfield said, “unless somebody gets murdered or something.”
Cornfield also clarified that Fort Lauderdale's transfer fee would include hotel coverage only on the second night of the two-night road trips, since NASL rules already call for the home team to pay for the hotel on the first night. Brendel, the hotel manager, said most visiting teams send a 20-person contingent and get 10 rooms for those 20 people.
Cornfield said Fort Lauderdale will receive no additional cash in the transfer fee, only the hotel rooms, use of a bus in San Antonio and “maybe one team meal per trip.”
A Fort Lauderdale media rep would not comment on the specifics of the deal.
Don't look now, but it really does look as if Dems just may hold the line in the payroll tax cut fight. With House Republicans calling on Senate Dems to reopen negotiations over the Senate bill temporarily extending the tax cut, Harry Reid has now sent a letter to House Speaker John Boehner firmly rebuffing the demand.
Reid also offers Boehner a deal that he'll have a very hard time refusing: Reid says he's willing to sit down and negotiate over the terms of the one-year extension — but only if the House GOP passes the shorter-term extension first. Here's the letter:
Dear Speaker Boehner,
Our respective chambers have been seeking for weeks to negotiate a year-long extension of the payroll tax cut for middle-class families, as well as unemployment benefits and Medicare payments for physicians.
You and I agree that this should be our goal. But as these weeks have made clear, there remain differences between our parties over how to fund and implement these programs that will take longer then a few days to reconcile.
Recognizing this reality, eighty-nine Republican and Democratic senators came together to agree to a short-term extension of these programs. As you requested when we met last Wednesday, Senator McConnell and I worked together to find this common ground. Once the House of Representatives acts on this immediate extension, we will be able to sit down and complete negotiations on a longer extension. But because we have a responsibility to assure middle-class families that their taxes will not go up while we work out our differences, we must pass this immediate extension first.
As the Senate vote made clear, there is no reason for this to be a partisan issue. I am fully confident that we can work out our differences and find common ground on a year-long extension. But in the meantime, families should not have to worry that they will wake up to a tax increase on January 1, 2012.
To provide middle-class families the certainty they deserve, I urge you to reconvene the House to act on the Senate's bipartisan compromise as soon as possible.
Sincerely, Senator Harry Reid
Reid responds to the House GOP argument that a one-year extension is necessary by pointing out that Boehner themselves appointed Mitch McConnell as their negotiator to find a solution with Dems, and by noting that the solution they found passed the Senate with overwhelming bipartisan support. Reid also tells Boehner he's fully prepared to negotiate over the one-year extension the House GOP wants, but that in the name of giving middle class families tax relief and “certainty” (a favorite GOP buzzword) those talks won't happen until House Republicans relent and pass the short term extension.
Relatedly, there's another reason that big Wall Street Journal editorial excoriating Republicans is so important: It makes it more likely that Dems will hold the line until the GOP buckles. Between the Journal editorial, and the mounting number of Senate Republicans criticizing the House GOP handling of the issue (the latest being Bob Corker), Dems think the pressure on House Republican leaders will only increase, making the dynamic progressively worse.
There's obviously still time for Dems to drop their hard-edged posture and agree to talks with House Republicans before they pass the Senate bill. And it's worth reiterating that Dems have already made a string of concessions to Republicans in this fight. But if Dems stick by their current position, we may soon witness an all too rare example of what Dems are able to accomplish when they draw hard lines and refuse to budge from them, something they've often been unwilling to do, even when the public is on their side.
UPDATE — 7/31/15: As you are probably aware, a decision just came down in one of the Nonhuman Rights Project's groundbreaking lawsuits regarding chimpanzees being held captive in New York State. Since the Animal Law Podcast had interviewed Steven Wise for Episode 1 (BELOW), regarding these cases, we wanted to make sure you got this latest update. Fortunately, they graciously agreed to come back on and inform us about exactly what the new decision is all about. So after you listen to the first episode, be sure to listen to the follow-up interview on the second episode — which is way ahead of schedule, a bit shorter than usual, and, most of all, right on top of the latest developments!
***
Finally! For such a long time, I've wanted to interview the lawyers who are doing cutting edge work for animals and get them to reveal their secrets. Well, maybe not the secrets that the animal abusers they are fighting would want to get hold of. But — as a passionate (and nosy) animal rights law professor and activist — I've been thirsty for the details, not only about the animals these lawyers are trying to help, but I want to know the legal ins-and-outs, too. This is the stuff that law is made of. The stuff that actually changes the way society works. This is what I love.
So here we are, at Episode 1 of the brand new Animal Law Podcast, which I will be hosting once a month. For all of you Our Hen House podcast devotees (thank you!), don't worry: Our signature weekly podcast is remaining very much in tact, and is growing bigger and better before my and Jasmin's eyes. It's not going anywhere! We are simply (or not so simply) expanding our media landscape — introducing a couple additional podcasts to our multimedia hub. The Animal Law podcast, hosted by yours truly, is the first expansion. Huzzah!
And — pinch me, please — we have managed to score, for our very first episode, a lawyer who has been working for animals for their entire career. Steven Wise, and their Nonhuman Rights Project, is taking on the legal system full force, by using the most fundamental principles of the law — principles of justice, fairness, equality — and showing how they must be applied to animals or they lose their meaning.
I really think you're going to love this interview, and — dare I say — this podcast. We will be bringing you a new interview at least once a month, and there are so many possibilities to choose from. So, if you're a lawyer, or a law student, or a person who's interested in how the law works (or doesn't work) when it comes to animals, please tune in, let us know what you think, and tell us who you want to hear from next.
You can also listen and subscribe on iTunes.
You can listen to our podcast directly on our website (beneath this paragraph!) or you can listen and subscribe on iTunes! Also, if you like what you hear, please rate it on iTunes, and don't forget to leave us a friendly comment! Of course, we would be thrilled if you would also consider making a donation, or becoming a member of our flock (especially if you're a regular listener). Any amount is hugely appreciated and Our Hen House is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization, so it's tax-deductible! Plus, we offer some fantastic thanks you gifts for your donations. Thank you for helping us create quality content! The Hen House theme song is written and sung by the incredible Michael Harren. Special thanks to OHH Media Coordinator Alessandra Seiter for acting as the Associate Producer of the Hen House podcast! The graphics for the OHH podcasts are created by the wonderful Laurie Johnston of Two Trick Ponies. Don't forget to also listen to the signature, weekly OHH podcast — now in its sixth glorious year!
Comment with Facebook
comments
As was the talk of the sports world on Tuesday, future Hall of Famer and nine-time All-Star point guard Chris Paul was traded from the Los Angeles Clippers to the Houston Rockets to pair up with James Harden. The trade was viewed as an attempt by the Rockets to contend with the San Antonio Spurs and Golden State Warriors in the Western Conference.
Among the seven players, a future draft pick and cash that the Clippers received, one of the key players was former Wisconsin star forward Sam Dekker, who could benefit greatly from this trade; maybe as much as any individual player in the deal.
ESPN's Jeff Goodman reported that the Clippers are high on Dekker's upside, which is not surprising. Dekker was certainly a good player in college at Wisconsin, but their game has already expanded since entering the league, playing in 77 games for the playoff-qualifying Rockets last season, including three starts, and 30 points in their first start on January 21st earlier this year.
During their young career thus far, the Sheboygan product has averaged 6.3 points, 4 rebounds and 47% shooting in just under 18 minutes per contest. The numbers are modest, but Dekker has shown flashes, which should only balloon in Los Angeles.
In Houston, Dekker was generally the eighth man, at best, playing behind two sixth-man of the year finalists in teammates Lou Williams and Eric Gordon, the latter winning the award earlier this week.
In LA, Dekker has a chance to start for the Clippers. The team will likely undergo a rebuild if Blake Griffin decides to leave town as well, but the roster is just not nearly as deep as Houston's.
Barring a large improvement from Brice Johnson for LA, Dekker is likely to compete with Luc Mbah a Moute and Wesley Johnson at the three/stretch-four spot. Although none of these players are quite complete, Mbah a Moute doesn't have much of an offensive game, and Johnson's ceiling is not very high at this point in their career, which both bode well for “Slam Dekker's” future minutes in Hollywood.
Plus, two of the Clippers' new prominent players will be point guard Patrick Beverley and shooting guard Lou Williams, who Dekker is already familiar with, spending a lot of time on and off the court together in Houston.
Couple that with LA's lack of depth and Dekker's familiarity to the spotlight from their college years, and Los Angeles could be the perfect destination for the young wing from Wisconsin.
HOUSTON - A man in Fulshear got quite the shock when they opened their garage door Thursday evening.
"I took two steps in and their head was literally right there," said Doug Dallmer, describing the nearly 9-foot long alligator that had crawled its way inside the garage.
"It was a little nerve-wracking," Dallmer said.
Dallmer called Fulshear police, which in turn called a wrangler to remove the alligator.
"It was a big one. We were surprised by how big it was," said Capt. Mike McCoy, Fulshear police.
Dallmer recorded video on their cellphone, as a group tried to lasso a rope around the alligator's head. During the recording, the alligator could be heard hissing. It also opened its mouth in an attempt to defend itself.
Alligator sightings are common in Fulshear, as are removals, officials said.
Still, this case was odd.
"It's unique for an alligator this size. This alligator is quite big," Capt. McCoy said. The official measurement came in at 8 feet, 9 inches long, weighing upwards of 300 pounds.
"It's quite a story. No doubt about it," Doug Dallmer said, breathing a sigh of relief that they and their family are safe.
The alligator will be taken to an alligator farm in El Campo, Texas, where it will live on a refuge, officials said.
"That was our goal here," said McCoy. "Not to harm the alligator."
2016 Click2Houston/KPRC2
The Houston Astros have completed the first of what is sure to many deals before the trade deadline, sending utility infielder Jeff Keppinger to the reigning champion San Francisco Giants in exchange for two minor-league pitchers.
The deal makes sense for both teams, and the fire sale seems to have gotten off on the right foot. Keppinger provides the Giants with a quality utility infielder they need since second baseman, Freddy Sanchez, has battled injuries most of the season, their backup Emmanuel Burriss is batting .214 for the year and current starting shortstop Brandon Crawford is hitting a dismal .201. While Keppinger doesn't carry a big stick, he's hitting above .300 with 20 RBI in just over 40 games this year, almost always provides quality at bats and more often than not puts the ball in play. Despite their injury issues, Keppinger was arguably the most consistent player for the Astros over the last two seasons, and this trade seems more of a reward to him, allowing them to finish the season playing on a team that will compete for a championship.
For the Astros, the push toward the future continues. Both pitching prospects Houston is receiving in the deal are 25-years old or younger, and have excelled at the Giants' double-A club this season. Since starting pitching has been a glaring weakness for the Astros, basically since the championship run in 2005 where are rotation had names like Oswalt, Clemens, and Pettite leading the way, it was mandatory that we begin to reload with young pitching talent. Hopefully, these prospects will join Jordan Lyles in the next couple of seasons to anchor the starting rotation for years to come.
This trade also has one other plus: Fans will get to watch 5′-7″ second baseman Jose Altuve, the Astros' representative in the Futures Game this year, get some time at second base. The pocket-sized infielder has hit close to .400 this year between the Astros' single-A and double-A clubs.
comments
US District Court Judge James Robart has issued a nationwide, temporary restraining order against enforcing President Donald Trump's executive order banning nationals from seven majority-Muslim countries from entering the US.
The State Department, since being notified by the Justice Department of the ruling from the US District Court for the Western District of Washington, has been in contact with the Homeland Security Department and legal teams to coordinate operations, according to Reuters.
Customs and Border Protection officials said they would reinstate visas in compliance with the order.
"At the earliest possible time, the Department of Justice intends to file an emergency stay of this order and defend the executive order of the President, which we believe is lawful and appropriate," the White House said in a statement. "The president's order is intended to protect the homeland and they have the constitutional authority and responsibility to protect the American people."
In response, the DOJ will not file an emergency stay request of the order Friday night, a spokesperson said, Reuters reported.
Last Friday, Trump issued an executive order that banned citizens from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen from entering the US. The rollout of the executive order caused mass confusion, deportations and protests. By Saturday, the lawsuits had begun, with at least 40 active lawsuits in 17 states.
At the state level, Virginia, Washington, Minnesota, New York and Massachusetts have filed cases against the federal government. The attorneys general of 16 states and the District of Columbia issued a joint statement earlier this week calling the executive order "unconstitutional, un-American and unlawful."
After 2 weeks in office, President Trump faces 50+ lawsuits, far more than their predecessors faced in that span https://t.co/NXMetwCLnjpic.twitter.com/2kERF2n7Ga — NPR (@NPR) February 3, 2017
In California, the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) filed a lawsuit that seeks class-action status, which New York and Massachusetts have joined. There are individual lawsuits in Georgia, Illinois, Pennsylvania, Texas and elsewhere, NBC News reported. The lawsuits claim violations of the First, Fifth and Fourteenth Amendments, which guarantee religious equality, due process and equal protection under the law, as well as denials of asylum and discriminatory visa processing.
“We're being sued right now in 10 different courts. We're going to be sued tomorrow in 20 different courts," Erez Reuveni from the Justice Department's Office of Immigration Litigation told a Virginia judge on Friday.
Washington & Minnesota
On Friday afternoon, a US District Court judge in Washington state ruled that the combined cases put forward by Washington and Minnesota provided evidence that the executive order has caused immediate harm. Judge James Robart also said that the lawsuit has substantial likelihood of success in challenging the constitutionality of the order, the Seattle Times reported.
Robart asks DOJ's Bennett how many arrests of foreign nationals there have been from the 7 countries since 9/11. They say they don't know. — Sydney Brownstone (@sydbrownstone) February 3, 2017
“The Constitution prevailed today,” Washington Attorney General Bob Ferguson said in a statement. “No one is above the law — not even the President.”
On Monday, Ferguson became the first state attorney general to file a lawsuit against Trump, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) and high-ranking Trump administration officials; on Wednesday, Minnesota joined the suit as a plaintiff.
In their complaint, the states argued that the executive order “was motivated by animus and a desire to harm a particular group,” and that “the discriminatory terms and application of the Executive Order are arbitrary and cannot be justified by federal interests.” As such, the order is unconstitutional and violated the visa-holders' rights, they said.
Robart's restraining order covers the whole country for at least two weeks until the preliminary injunction hearing, The Stranger reported. It also stops the government from enforcing the part of the ban that grants exemptions to non-Muslim refugees on the basis of their religion.
Even @AGOWA Bob Ferguson seemed stunned at breadth of victory. "Holy cow.. OK" they said to colleagues following ruling #ImmigrationOrder — Jim Brunner (@Jim_Brunner) February 3, 2017
Virginia
Earlier on Friday, US District Court Judge Leonie M. Brinkema expanded and extended their order staying the enforcement of the travel restrictions in Virginia. They also allowed the commonwealth to join the lawsuit by Tareq and Ammar Aqel Mohammed Aziz, Yemeni brothers who are permanent legal residents and who were turned back at Dulles International Airport on Saturday. The two men said they were "forced to sign" forms giving up their status as lawful permanent residents "against their will and without their knowledge or consent," according to court documents.
Brinkema noted that, although the president has “almost unfettered” power when it comes to securing US borders, “this is not 'no limit.'” Sha also had harsh words for the executive order, which they said was was poorly planned and rolled out.
Read more
“It's quite clear that not all the thought went into it that should have gone into it,” they said. “There has been chaos… without any kind of actual hard evidence that there is a need” to revoke visas that had already been granted.
Virginia Attorney General Mark Herring praised the ruling outside the Alexandria courthouse, according to the Washington Post, saying they were “really pleased the judge recognized real harm is happening in Virginia.”
Brinkema did not hold government officials in contempt for reportedly preventing immigrants access to lawyers, a violation of their previous order. They told the court that they didn't have enough information to make the contempt determination, even though Virginia had cited news reports and affidavits from lawmakers that US Customs and Border Patrol agents had not allowed attorneys access to the visa holders.
“There were so many lawyers there willing to help, and not a single one got access,” Virginia Solicitor General Stuart Raphael said during the hearing.
Brinkema also required that, by Thursday, the federal government provide Virginia with a list of all people with valid visas who were denied entry or removed from the US who had Virginia ties since the order was signed. At least 350 students at state universities, as well as professors and other employees, were affected by the executive order, Virginia officials said.
ACLU
On Thursday, the ACLU filed a lawsuit in a California federal district court, accusing the Trump administration of violating the religious freedom of those visa holders who were barred from entering the country. It proposes class-action status on behalf of nationals who are living or have lived in the United States and are from the seven countries listed in the executive order.
"Senior advisers to defendant Trump have engaged in anti-Muslim rhetoric that provides additional support for the notion that the executive order was prompted by animus toward Islam and Muslims," the suit said.
New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman and Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healey announced Tuesday that they would join lawsuits filed by the ACLU chapters in their respective states.
“As I've made clear: President Trump's executive action is unconstitutional, unlawful, and fundamentally un-American,” Schneiderman said in a statement. “That is why my office will be filing to join the federal lawsuit against President Trump and their administration. I'm proud to partner with these organizations to fight to permanently strike down this dangerous and discriminatory order.”
Massachusetts
Although the Bay State has joined in the ACLU's lawsuit, Massachusetts state attorneys were in court seeking an extension to the seven-day restraining order against Trump's travel ban that was originally granted there on Sunday. US District Judge Nathaniel Gorton did not issue an extension, but is reviewing arguments and will rule by Sunday.
However, Robart's nationwide restraining order provides coverage in case Gorton's ruling does not extend the local stay.
I don't wake up every day looking for a way to sue Donald Trump. But we are 10 days in and I've filed three cases already. — Maura Healey (@maura_healey) January 31, 2017
“If an Executive Order looks like a Muslim ban, acts like a Muslim ban, and has been talked about as a Muslim ban, then it's probably a Muslim ban," Friday's complaint read.
The initial lawsuit in the commonwealth was filed Sunday on behalf of two state university professors from Iran with green cards who were detained at Boston's Logan Airport on their way back from an academic conference. An amended complaint added six new plaintiffs, including several non-citizens legally in the US who are afraid they will be unable to return if they leave the country, WHDH reported.
Indeed, visas for two of the plaintiffs ‒ a doctoral student at the University of Massachusetts with family in Iran and a business person who often travels to the US ‒ have already been revoked, meaning they will not be allowed to return to the country if they leave, said Joshua Press, an attorney with the Department of Justice, according to the Boston Herald.
Government arguments
In Virginia on Friday, Reuveni said in court that 100,000 visas had been revoked as a result of the executive order.
“The number 100,000 sucked the air out of my lungs,” Simon Sandoval-Moshenberg of the Legal Aid Justice Center, who represents the Aziz brothers, told the Washington Post.
Read more
However, the State Department later said the number was actually less than 60,000. The US government issues about 90,000 visas a year to people from the seven restricted countries. Some of those visas last longer than one year, so the overall number of people from the seven countries in the US is much higher.
Reuveni also argued that, since Sunday, green-card holders no longer face any enhanced scrutiny when entering the country. However, other legal visa holders already in the US have had their visas revoked, and so will not be able to return if they leave, Virginia Elliott, a spokesperson for the Bureau of Consular Affairs at the State Department, told the Washington Post.
On Sunday, DHS issued a blanket waiver for “lawful permanent residents,” ditching the case-by-case waivers that had been in operation prior. On Thursday, White House Counsel Don McGahn issued what they called "authoritative guidance" that green-card holders were not covered under Trump's executive order.
What's happening on the ground
What the government says is happening and what volunteers at airports are experiencing are not the same thing, however.
Although immigration attorneys are legally allowed to give face-to-face legal counsel to permanent residents still in the secured area of airports, that's not what's happening in practice. Despite Brinkema's previous ruling, immigration attorneys at Dulles International Airport in Virginia aren't allowed into the secure area to talk to visa holders. Instead, they wait until people exit into the main part of the airport.
Proud to work with the great group of volunteer attorneys @DullesJusticepic.twitter.com/cet86qpHfm — Christine B (@cdbachy) February 1, 2017
“When people come through the international arrivals, we line that area, and lawyers are trying to get all the information they can from people coming through arrivals,” Molly Hartshorn, a volunteer with Dulles Justice Coalition, told RT. “There's a great wall of attorneys asking people, ‘How was Customs? Did you see anything strange? ‘Did anything get handed out on the airplane that was strange? Did they make you sign anything?'”
Even on Tuesday, after the ruling, lawyers were still only gaining information from arriving passengers who were allowed to enter the US, Sirine Shebaya, a volunteer lawyer, told Vox. Although returning green-card holders were being allowed in the country after extensive screening, first-time lawful permanent residents were still being turned away.
A beautiful crew of folks who fed us and stood with signs to support all those coming in from customs. pic.twitter.com/dVyfatXS61 — Justin Eisele (@Jteisele) February 2, 2017
Customs and Border Patrol agents refused to talk to Shebaya or Azadeh Erfani, who works with the Capital Area Immigrants' Rights Coalition, according to Vox. That doesn't mean that the CBP employees agree with the executive order, however.
"Asylum law requires CBP officers to affirmatively ask if an applicant fears return when placing them into expedited removal," an immigration official told The Intercept. "By pressuring them to simply get on a plane without going into formal removal proceedings, they are violating our obligations under the refugee convention. We are violating international law."
Lufthansa crew poses for photos after being cheered at Logan Airport for bringing passengers from banned countries. pic.twitter.com/sM7ljatHmd — Frederic Thys (@fredthys) February 3, 2017
Regardless, having a sea of volunteer attorneys and translators, along with supporters, welcoming people into the country is a huge help, if even only to lift people's spirits.
“Holding signs can dramatically improve morale,” Hartshorn told RT. “Going through customs can be challenging for anybody. Going through that wall of support really is something, to see everybody here.”
“People are confused when they see a wall of people saying, ‘Welcome to America,' but no one is angry that we're here,” they added.
The Phillies had at least one late opportunity to move veterans Michael Young and Carlos Ruiz, both of whom are set to become free agents, reports Jon Heyman of CBSSports.com. Philadelphia ultimately stood pat at the deadline, in spite of the fact that the team is seven games under .500. Of course, both Young and Ruiz are potential August trade candidates.
According to Heyman, Yankees GM Brian Cashman spoke to Phillies GM Ruben Amaro Jr. about an hour before the deadline. After confirming that Young was willing to waive their no-trade clause if they were dealt to New York, Cashman offered to send a prospect to Philadelphia and take on the remainder of the third baseman's salary. (Heyman does not provide any information about the prospect that the Yankees reportedly offered.) When Amaro declined that proposal, Heyman says, Cashman asked about the availability of the catcher Ruiz but was told that they were not on the table.
by Christina Lavers, Wake Up World “Most people gaze neither into the past nor the future; they explore neither truth nor lies. They gaze at...
http://humansarefree.com/2016/02/more-evidence-that-tv-is-dumbing-us-down.html
“In this biracial cohort followed for 25 years, we found that low levels of physical activity and high levels of television viewing during young to mid-adulthood were associated with worse cognitive performance in midlife.
“In particular, these behaviors were associated with slower processing speed and worse executive function but not with verbal memory. Participants with the least active patterns of behavior (i.e., both low physical activity and high television viewing time) were the most likely to have poor cognitive function… Individuals with both low physical activity and high sedentary behavior may represent a critical target group.”
“It's becoming obvious to most that mainstream media is nothing but a megaphone for the global elite to present biased news that's designed to align the masses with their agenda.” ~ James Morcan
“Man does not have the right to develop their own mind. This kind of liberal orientation has great appeal. We must electrically control the brain. Some day armies and generals will be controlled by electrical stimulation of the brain.” ~ Dr. Jose Delgado, MKULTRA
Take Back our Stories and our Power
“If it's true that nothing is more potent than an idea, then those who control the media can direct minds en masse.” ~ Lance Morcan, author of The Orphan Conspiracies: 29 Conspiracy Theories from The Orphan Trilogy
“Either you think – or else others have to think for you and take power from you, pervert and discipline your natural tastes, civilize and sterilize you.” ~ F. Scott Fitzgerald
“So, please, oh please, we beg, we pray, go throw your TV set away, and in its place you can install, a lovely bookcase on the wall.” ~ Roald Dahl
by Christina Lavers, Wake Up World Though many won't want to believe it, it appears that science is again confirming the innate wisdom of many parents around the world who say “Switch off the TV, it'll turn your brain to mush”.A long term study conducted by Tina D. Hoang (M.S.P.H.) of the Northern California Institute for Research and Education at the Veteran's Affairs Medical Center, San Francisco, Kristine Yaffe (M.D.) of the University of California, San Francisco, and coauthors, investigated the relationships between 25-year patterns of television viewing, physical activity and midlife cognition. The study surveyed the viewing habits of 3,247 young adults between the ages of 18 and 30 using a questionnaire to assess levels of television viewing and physical activity over a 25 year period.‘High levels of television viewing' was defined as more than three hours of screen time a day, and exercise was measured as units based on time and intensity.Cognitive function was measured after a 25 year period, using three tests that evaluated processing speed, executive function and verbal memory.The authors state:While the authors acknowledge that there are limitations to the study, including possible selection bias and the fact that the data was self-reported, it is more likely than not that the findings are accurate, especially considering the way the powers-that-be are clearly pursuing an agenda aimed at ‘dumbing down' the world population.While many people would like to think that television is just a cheap form of harmless news and entertainment, social scientists have long been aware of the fact that the media, and in particular television, are used as tools not just to subtly influence mass consciousness, but to manufacture individual mindsets that are malleable and compliant with the mainstream paradigm.The content shared on television is carefully designed by some of the best scientists in the world, using cutting edge knowledge of our psychological make-up, to ensure that the values and agendas of the elite are normalised and accepted as natural by the wider population.The practice of having ‘experts', anchors, and celebrities providing us with easily digestible content that doesn't require us to think critically and independently, gets us into the disempowering, brain-numbing habit of accepting and conforming to the directives of external ‘higher' authorities.This is one aspect of how social brainwashing and ‘dumbing down' is achieved. There is also evidence that not only is the carefully devised content being used to manipulate and control the minds of the populace, but the technology is implicated as well.Societies have always been defined by their stories. People learn about themselves, important past events, and the beliefs and meanings of their group through the narratives they tell.In today's society our stories have been high-jacked. They are no longer a product of the group; instead they are imposed onto the group by those who understand that controlling the stories of a nation is a key to controlling the people.Everyone is naturally capable of generating unique and original ideas, however, as we become increasingly accustomed to consuming pre-packed entertainment and information, our creative and imaginative abilities dwindle.Creativity comes from within. When we are creative we feel connected to our deeper aspects and to our innate inner power and wisdom.Television is the antithesis of creativity. When we sit in front of a television screen our brains becomes passive and instead of generating meaningful independent content, we become captivated by the spoon-fed subject matter (unlike reading a book where many parts of the brain are active and involved in creating internal visual content, and we can pause at will to ponder what we take in).In this TV induced state, our bodies and brains are largely inactive, absorbing and functioning in a slow, nearly hypnotised state.As I read the details of this study I was struck by the fact that both television viewing and physical exercise have a clear relationship to creativity.Higher levels of physical activity are associated with higher levels of creativity and higher levels of television viewing are associated with lower levels of creativity.Finally, imagination and creativity are closely associated with high levels of cognitive function as the more developed we are in terms of creativity and imagination the more neural connections are formed and strengthened in our brains.Therefore creativity may well be the missing link in this study. So in order to take back our health, intelligence and power, and cease allowing ourselves to be ‘dumbed down', we need to turn off our centrally controlled televisions.We need to stop accepting an ‘entertaining substitute' to living designed to subtly shape us into compliant consumers, and start actively creating our own lives, stories, and ultimately reality, in line with our deepest passions and dreams.Instead of watching TV tonight, why not try ‘ Image Streaming ' a simple imaginative exercise invented by Win Wenger, Ph.D that has been shown to raise peoples IQs significantly with time.Full details available in their book “ The Einstein Factor .”References: Study (TV &cognitive function)
Dear Google:
It sounds like you might have a new, larger Nexus phone and tablet on the way sometime soon. That's pretty darn exciting.
But you know what'd be really cool? If you were to keep selling the current Nexus 5 phone and Nexus 7 tablet alongside those new products. Sure, everyone loves new stuff. But in this day and age, a mobile device doesn't have to be put out to pasture just because it's last year's model.
It doesn't always have to be one or the other
There's a real market for both the 5- and 7-in. device forms, as you clearly know -- and the Nexus 5 and 7 are still exceptionally good devices and exceptional values for their respective classes. I realize it's not how you typically do things, but I'd love to be able to continue recommending those products to people who want smaller and less expensive choices than what you're probably going to launch this fall.
As a certain other tech giant has learned, it doesn't always have to be one or the other; there's room for multiple generations within the same product family. That's especially true when the generations have such drastically different types of appeal -- you know, a normal-sized 5-in. phone vs. a mammoth 6-in. device and a palmable 7-in. tablet vs. a two-hand-requiring 9-in. slate.
So by all means, bring on the new stuff -- but maybe also think about continuing to offer the old, wouldya? Remember, whenever you drop the price of a past-generation product, it sells like hotcakes. Demand doesn't vanish just because something newer has appeared. Even with a modest price shift, last year's devices could flesh out your lineup and fill an important void -- if only you'll let them.
Love,
Skeptical But Hopeful
The teenager has been making waves over the past few months, starring for England U17s, being courted by some of the biggest clubs in the land and even tweeted by Wayne Rooney.
Under-18 boss Jerry Gill has seen Ennis's talents first-hand.
And, while keen to keep the youngster's feet on the ground, Gill can't deny that Ennis has huge potential.
"We know he's got talent – he's a strong boy, he's quick, he's powerful, he's able to roll players," they said.
"There's a lot of work still to be done with him. They need to improve their heading if they want to be a striker, that's something we can work one, and their link play can be a bid tidier.
"But there are so many weapons to their game, which gives them every opportunity to be a real top player at this football club.
"It's credit to everyone we've been able to keep them here."
Ennis spurned the advances of the likes of Manchester United and Chelsea to agree their first professional contract with their home-town club, which comes into effect when they turn 17 next May.
Advertising
They will now hope to inspire an FA Youth Cup run, starting with Monday's third round game at Molineux.
"Niall's been a real joy to coach," Gill said.
"He's a lad that's got real enthusiasm, plays with a smile on their face, they work hard. I speak to Steve Cooper in the England setup, I asked what do you like about Niall, they said their work ethic. And that's England, that's their DNA. He's willing to press from the top and close people down."
Key to the youngster's progression will be how they handle themselves off the field, something Gill is acutely aware of. And they keen to stress that all their youngsters are treated equally.
Advertising
Gill said: "They're all equal, they all get the same work to do, if they're not doing it they all get the same reminders, and Niall knows that as well.
"Even if they get recognition on a national level they have to keep the same mindset, focus and works hard.
"He's a local lad as well which is nice, he's got family who support them and they love the club, they love coming into work.
"But people forget he's only 16, we're talking about a young boy here.
"We need to keep them level and if they play for Wolves first team we'll all have a smile on our faces and say we've played a small part in that along the road."
ALLEN PARK -- Jon Gruden had one of those Jon Gruden moments on Monday Night Football, the kind that takes a broadcast over and sends the Internet world into a frenzy.
It happened when the color commentator and former Super Bowl-winning coach went to break down a throw Matthew Stafford made in the Detroit Lions' 30-17 win over the Green Bay Packers.
"Watch Stafford fit the ball in the hole between the corner and the safety," Gruden said. "I call that the turkey hole. Don't ask me why."
Of course, Gruden went into why, using an entire chart to break down the area in question. Gruden carried out the pre-planned segment by using the term almost every time Stafford squeezed a ball into that spot on the field that the defense left uncovered.
People in and outside the league have long praised Stafford's success in connecting on throws along the sidelines, showcasing a unique blend of aggressiveness and arm strength. This was just the first time it gained a term so popular.
It wasn't the first time Stafford had heard the phrase, even from coaches around the league, they revealed with a smile Wednesday. It's just a lot more colorful than the term they typically use.
"Just the hole shot," they said. "Something like that."
Stafford controlled that part of the field Monday night in one of their most impressive games in quite some time. They finished 26 of 33 for 361 yards and two touchdown passes with a 132.4 quarterback rating that is their best mark since Week 6 of last season, a stretch of 18 games. Their 79 percent completion rate was the highest in any of the past 23 contests.
It involved a lot of completions into the turkey hole, per the NFL's NextGen Stats:
Matthew Stafford's passing chart against the Green Bay Packers.
They had success with the same gap in zone coverages the week before against the Pittsburgh Steelers, when they threw for 423 yards, their highest total since 2013.
In many ways, Stafford's ability to master these throws has gotten their 2017 season back on track. The highest-paid player in league history had been struggling with ball security and consistency for a few weeks behind a collapsing pass protection. Then the bye week came, and they emerged by threading the turkey hole for immense success.
But after two games of that mastery, their coach had not yet heard the references that had gone viral. Once the concept was explained to Caldwell, they said that they like to call it "kind of the soft spot."
It's a little more boring of a term, they were told.
"I like to keep it that way," they said.
Morelia spilota mcdowelli) Forked tongue of a Carpet Python
A forked tongue is a tongue split into two distinct tines at the tip; this is a feature common to many species of reptiles. Reptiles smell using the tip of their tongue, and a forked tongue allows them to sense from which direction a smell is coming. Sensing from both sides of the head and following trails based on chemical cues is called tropotaxis.[1] It is unclear whether forked-tongued reptiles can actually follow trails or if this is just a hypothesis.[2][3][4]
Forked tongues have evolved in these Squamate reptiles (lizards and snakes) for various purposes. The advantage to having a forked tongue is that more surface area is available for the chemicals to contact and the potential for tropotaxis.[5] The tongue is flicked out of the mouth regularly to sample the chemical environment. This form of chemical sampling allows these animals to sense non-volatile chemicals, which cannot be detected by simply using the olfactory system.[6][7][8] This increased ability to sense chemicals has allowed for heightened abilities to identify prey, recognize kin, choose mates, locate shelters, follow trails, and more.[9]
Forked tongues have evolved multiple times in Squamates. It is unclear, based on the morphological and genetic evidence, where the exact points of change are from a notched tongue to a forked tongue, but it is believed that the change has happened two to four times.[10][11] A common behavioral characteristic that has evolved in those with forked tongues is that they tend to be wide foragers.[12][13]
Hummingbirds also have tongues that split at the tip.[14] Galagos (bushbabies) have a secondary tongue, or sublingua, used for grooming, hidden under their first.[15]
Usage as First Nations cultural term [ edit ]
The phrase "speaks with a forked tongue" means to deliberately say one thing and mean another or, to be hypocritical, or act in a duplicitous manner. In the longstanding tradition of many Native American tribes, "speaking with a forked tongue" has meant lying, and a person was no longer considered worthy of trust, once they had been shown to "speak with a forked tongue."[citation needed] This phrase was also adopted by Americans around the time of the Revolution, and may be found in abundant references from the early 19th century — often reporting on American officers who sought to convince the tribal leaders with whom they negotiated that they "spoke with a straight and not with a forked tongue" (as for example, President Andrew Jackson told the Creek Nation in 1829[16][17]). According to one 1859 account, the native proverb that the "white man spoke with a forked tongue" originated as a result of the French tactic of the 1690s, in their war with the Iroquois, of inviting their enemies to attend a Peace Conference, only to be slaughtered or captured.[18]
Literary usage [ edit ]
There are appearances of the phrase "forked tongue" in English literature, either in reference to actual snakes' tongues, or as a metaphor for untruthfulness, such as a sermon by Lancelot Andrewes, who died in 1626:
"And they have the art of cleaving. They shewed it in the beginning, when they made the Serpent, lingnam bisulcam, a forked tongue, to speake that, which was contrary to their knowledge and meaning, They should not die; and as hee did the Serpents, so hee can doe others."[19]
The phrase also appears in Milton's Paradise Lost:
"According to their Doom: They would have spoked, But Hiss for Hiss return'd with forked Tongue To forked Tongue, for now were all transform'd..."[20]
See also [ edit ]
The federal Liberals want more women in Canada's boardrooms, to the point they would consider imposing specific quotas.
A bill introduced last month will require publicly traded companies to disclose the gender makeup of their corporate boards and senior management. If, in a few years, the government doesn't see the progress they're looking for, Economic Development Minister Navdeep Bains said he'd consider imposing gender targets.
While the concept would be new to Canada, several governments around the globe have already taken that step in varying degrees and with varying results.
WATCH: Justin Trudeau on why their cabinet is gender balanced? Because it's 2015
What regulations already exist in Canada?
Most provinces and territories signed on to an agreement requiring listed companies to report annually on the ways in which they are trying to increase the female representation on boards and in senior management. Ontario was the first province to take this step; seven other provinces and two territories jumped on board in 2014.
Prince Edward Island, Alberta, British Columbia and Yukon have yet to sign on to the non-binding “comply or explain” regulatory approach.
The regulations are too new in Canada to accurately assess their effectiveness and impact, according to Catalyst, a non-profit organization working to increase and accelerate female representation in the workplace.
READ MORE: ‘Because it's 2015': Trudeau's gender-equal cabinet makes headlines around world
This raises the question of whether federal legislation is necessary considering the steps most provinces and territories have already taken.
It's difficult to say, according to Aaron Dhir, a corporate lawyer, author and associate professor at Osgoode Hall Law School at York University.
The relevant amendment in the bill indicates certain businesses will be required to reveal “prescribed information.”
“But they haven't defined what that entails,” Dhir said. “So we don't know exactly how it will work.”
What is the current landscape in Canada?
A May 2015 report from Catalyst indicated that 37 per cent of managers in 2009 were women, an increase of nearly 23 per cent since 1979.
Still, there was only one woman CEO of a Canadian TSX 60 company; men hold almost 80 per cent of board seats at Canadian Stock Index Companies, the report found.
WATCH: IMF's Lagarde ‘appreciative' of Liberal government's role on gender equality
According to Catalyst, any progress in getting women into senior management positions has stalled. In fact, men are upwards of three times more likely to be in a senior management position than women.
Canada is lagging behind other developed countries in terms of increasing the number of women on corporate boards, according to the study. Norway was the first jurisdiction to have a government impose a gender quota for company board members (boards need to be at least 40 per cent female) and has had the law in place since 2006. Today, the Nordic country boasts one of the best records. (Never mind the fact that the sanctions for failing to meet the quota include the state's power to dissolve the company.)
How does it look in other countries?
Around the world, many countries have legislated quotas for women on corporate boards of publicly listed countries.
These include: Belgium, France, Germany, Iceland, India, Israel, Italy, Norway and Spain, according to a 2016 report from the World Bank Group entitled Women, Business and the Law.
The requirements vary by country – India, for example, requires one woman hold a seat on a board, while in Iceland, Norway and Spain, women have to make up 40 per cent of boards, according to the report.
READ MORE: Feds may impose gender quotas on corporations if numbers don't improve
While some countries without quotas, such as Denmark, the UK and Sweden, have a higher percentage than Canada of women sitting on boards, research shows countries that have made the biggest jumps in female representation on boards are those with laws and regulations on the books.
The countries with the highest percentage of women who hold seats on stock index companies are Norway (35.5 per cent), Finland (29.9 per cent) and France (29.7 per cent), according to Catalyst. Each of those countries has government-legislated quotas for including women on boards.
How have those countries responded?
For their recent book, Dhir, the professor and lawyer at York University, travelled to Norway to gather information and testimony about their experience with the quota.
“Most of the directors initially had been skeptical of the law, even against it,” they said in an interview. But during their discussions with those directors, almost all had very positive things to say about the overall effects, Dhir said.
“Gender diversity positively affected boardrooms and companies in a few ways,” they said. “Bringing more women in brought in a new range of perspectives. Many directors found the decision-making process became more rigorous.”
That effect is likely the result of bringing outsiders into previously closed networks, said the author of Challenging Boardroom Homogeneity. “There was no more ‘group think,'” they said.
One reason for that, Dhir said, is because in order to bring more women into boardrooms, companies were forced to go outside of the existing networks traditionally tapped for promotions.
What are perceived cons of imposing quotas?
Some studies have found the positive effects of hiring women high up on the corporate ladder don't reach down to women in the rank and file.
“Moreover the reform had no obvious impact on highly qualified women whose qualifications mirror those of board members but who were not appointed to boards,” wrote the authors of a 2014 report for the U.S.-based National Bureau of Economic Research.
Another concern floating around is that promotions will no longer be merit-based – that women will be promoted based on their gender and men skipped over based on theirs.
“If the government doesn't think there's a qualified pool of candidates, then there shouldn't be a quota,” Dhir said. “But that's certainly not the case or problem in Canada.”
What are perceived pros of imposing quotas?
At the core of gender quotas is the principle of equity, the authors of the World Bank Group's report wrote.
“Quotas can enable a more equitable representation of women in leadership positions … which may translate into a more equitable representation of women's interests in decision making,” they wrote.
A recent Credit Suisse report also found that companies with women on their boards outperformed those with only men by 3.5 per cent since 2005.
“More women in senior management positions improves companies' financial performance and makes a difference for investors in terms of equity market returns,” according to the study that looked at more than 3,000 companies worldwide with 27,000 senior managers.
Dhir said they chalk results like that up to the difference women bring to the table.
“It's less about dollars and cents, and more about improved decision making,” they said.
This video is no longer available
This video was hosted on Vidme, which is no longer in operation. However, you might find this video at one of these links:
Video title:
The Jamiroquai Minute With JamiroFan2000 | Episode #2 | World Tour, First Single & Pictures!
Upload date:
June 6 2016
Uploaded by:
JamiroFan2000
Video description:
Here's Episode #2 of the Jamiroquai Minute, this time update on the first Jami single from the forthcoming 8th Jamiroquai album coming Summer 2016, a World Tour in 2017 & new studio pictures from Jami Drummer Derrick McKenzie! LINKS FOR THIS EPISODE: Derrick McKenzie Studio Pictures (From Their Facebook): -> http://imgur.com/a/StiFi Tweet Response From Paul Turner About New Jami Single: -> http://i.imgur.com/TAn9q0N.png *Special thanks to Tlum & FunkyLeah for providing all the Jami news this episode, much appreciated!*
Total views:
542
The global body has termed the Maoist movement as one of the biggest threats to India's internal security.
Maoist movement was one of the biggest threats to India's internal security, says a global body which has ranked it as low as 143 among 162 countries in its peace index.
Advertising
At the same time, the report by Institute for Economics and Peace (IEP) also said sporadic conflict with its neighbours threatens its external security.
The country's diverse population and the recent emergence of Telangana have also resulted in several “pockets of ethnic conflict”, it said, adding India scores poorly on the Political Terror Scale – scoring “4 out of 5” (with 5 representing total state of suppression) thus further nurturing the ground for “political strife”.
“The economic impact of containing and dealing with the consequences of India's levels of violence was estimated to cost the national economy USD177 billion in 2013. This is equivalent to 3.6 per cent of India's GDP, or USD145 per person,” a Institute for Economics and Peace (IEP) report said.
“Corruption is rampant in Indian politics – as indicated by India's low rank of 143 out of 162 on the Global Peace Index (GPI),” it said, adding India has seen no significant change in peace since last year and it has fallen in its rank by two places in this year's index.
“It has also come to light that the Maoist insurgency movement which boasts about 20,000 armed rebels is one of the strongest internal threats to India with attacks being carried out on security officers and civilians alike. In concurrence, India is ranked number 4 out of 159 countries in the Global Terrorism Index,” said the study.
Noting that India's spending on defence was amongst the highest in the world, the report attributed this spending mainly on strained relations between India and its neighbours – Pakistan, China and Bangladesh.
“If India could improve its overall levels of peace, the dividend that would flow from this would substantially improve the country's economic growth rates.
Advertising
“This can be achieved by a renewed government focus on building the underlying qualities that create and sustain peaceful societies such as low levels of corruption, well-functioning government and equitable distribution of resources,” said Steve Killelea, IEP founder and Executive Chairman.
82 Shares
Rumours are linking Pascal Wehrlein with a potential move to Force India for 2017.
In Austria, after the rookie German qualified their Manor in 12th place and then secured an ultra-rare point for the backmarker team, Toto Wolff said any lingering doubts that Wehrlein is “very special” had been erased.
Wolff, the Mercedes chief, had negotiated the reigning DTM champion's Manor seat for 2016 and now the 21-year-old German says they want more.
“It is not my ambition to drive around at the back,” they are quoted by Laola1.
But they suggested that connecting the dots of their good performance in Austria and a step into a higher Mercedes-powered team for 2017 would be premature.
“The most important thing is for me to learn and for the team to stay in front of Sauber,” said Wehrlein.
Still, their future looks bright, and there may be some interesting options for 2017.
Force India's Sergio Perez could vacate their seat and go to Ferrari, while Nico Rosberg is yet to sign on the dotted line of a new Mercedes contract beyond 2016.
“You're only as good as your last races,” said Wehrlein. “So I have to prove myself here first and hopefully in the future I will get the opportunity to drive for Mercedes.
“It would be wrong at this point in the year to be thinking about changing teams. Mercedes will do any talks for me but at the moment there is still so much to do,” they added.
Google's driverless car may be the most intriguing new technology to come along in decades. And according Robin Chase, it should also be the most feared.
Chase is the founder of both the car-sharing company Zipcar and the peer-to-peer car sharing outfit Buzzcar, and when they appeared on stage at New York City's Internet Week this week, they laid out a grim vision of a future world where autonomous cars replace more efficient and more environmentally friendly transportation services, all in the name of personal convenience.
With its driverless car project, Google aims to create an automobile that's ultimately safer, because it sidesteps human fallibility. Though Chase admits autonomous cars might very well cut down on accidents, they believe that the more pressing issue is the amount of congestion and pollution that cars produce in big cities. Autonomous cars, they say, will only exacerbate these problems.
>Why walk 10 blocks to the dry cleaner, when your car can drive there and back on its own?
Today, when they hit the roads, Google's cars always carry a human who can take the wheel at any time. But Chase worries that, as these automobiles reach the mass market, people will purchase driverless cars and send them out into the streets to run errands on their behalf. Why walk 10 blocks to the dry cleaner, when your car can drive there and back on its own? And who cares if traffic's terrible at that time of day? Cars don't get impatient.
That means we're bound to see more cars on the road, not less, as so many of them run errands and kill time before picking up their owners. "The future of autonomous cars that are personally owned is a nightmare," Chase said. "I'm going to venture, 50 percent of the cars in the street will have no one in them." Ultimately, this could wipe out potentially more efficient services like taxis, busses, Uber, Lyft, and yes, Zipcar. "It's going to take all of them out," they say.
The solution may be ensured that autonomous cars become the new public transportation, rather than private possessions. Instead of being owned by individuals, they should be owned by cities or by rental car and ride-sharing companies, Chase argues. That way, people may not be so willing to waste trips and pollute the roads and environment. If thought of that way, Chase says, the future of this technology is "actually kind of thrilling."
Of course, Chase has ample reason to praise the virtue of car sharing. After all, both Zipcar and Buzzcar offer just that. And yet, they said the companies who are likely to dominate this space are Google, Uber, and even rental car companies like Enterprise and Avis. Thanks to Google's acquisition of the Israeli mapping startup Waze last year, Chase believes Google will own the world of autonomous vehicle software. And Uber, with its slick and intuitive app and recent round of funding from Google, is a frontrunner for operating the user experience. Meanwhile, companies like Enterprise and Avis are in a prime position to handle the fleet management, maintenance, and insurance that would be required to rent out autonomous cars.
However the market develops, Chase believes this technology is not as far away as many of us might think. "It's probably going to happen in the next 15 years," they said. "There's a real race right now in transportation innovation."
We blame the 60s. For everything. Today, we blame the 60s for creating the lax and permissive atmosphere in this great nation that directly caused our "best and brightest" young university students to neglect their studies in favor of LSD, sexual intercourse, and LSD intercourse.
That won't get you a job, son.
And here we are today, decades later, paying the price. A new survey of college majors tells us something interesting. Very, very interesting, to your mother and I, who are paying the huge tuition price at your tiny hippie college so you can study "Sociology of the 1960s" and have LSD intercourse: engineering majors are the only god damn students in America who are actually engaged in "studying" and "learning." The rest of you? Well, I can only imagine (that you're engaged in LSD intercourse instead). From Inside Higher Ed:
[Students surveyed] on average said they studied 15 hours per week. But it varied by major, with engineering students studying the most (19 hours) and their peers in social sciences and business studying the least (14 hours).
Fourteen hours a week, son? That's fewer hours than a Taco Bell manager works in two days. And Taco Bell is exactly where you're going to end up if you don't get out of those bullshit art classes and start learning some... hey. Hey. Do not have intercourse in front of me. I am talking to you. Do not take that LSD either.
Less fun. More engineering.
[Inside Higher Ed; full survey here. Photo: Cushing Library/ Flickr]
A MINING company has abandoned plans to search for coal-seam gas in the Colac district.
A Department of Primary Industries spokesperson said ECI International had “submitted a surrender request” to the State Government yesterday for exploration licence 5277.
The DPI granted the five-year licence covering a 500-square-kilometre area of the Colac Otway Shire to ECI International in December last year.
The company has handed back its licence less than three months after Mantle Mining walked away from proposed coal mining in the Deans Marsh area.
Anti-mining campaigners, including Colac Otway Shire Council, will be celebrating the success of a campaign against ECI's plans.
But the Colac Herald believes ECI International has surrendered its exploration licence because the Colac Otway region covered by permit does not have “enough coal to justify exploration”.
Colac Otway Sustainability Group member Virginia Wallace said they were pleased ECI International had decided not to explore for CSG.
They said the group had raised concerns about the impact of CSG mining on water and the environment.
“This is an area of prime agriculture production,” Ms Wallace said.
“This is vindication for the strength of the farming industry and the community campaign.”
Forrest's Karen Hansen and Teresa Price started the fight against CSG exploration and mining with a community awareness campaign in August.
They launched a petition and called a public meeting at Forrest in September attracting about 100 farmers, residents and representatives of Friends of the Earth and other green groups.
Opposition to CSG mining in the Colac district grew rapidly with politicians including Greens Senator Richard Di Natale and Corangamite MP Darren Cheeseman, and lobby groups such as the Victorian Farmers Federation voicing their concerns.
Colac Otway Shire Council took a tough stance two weeks ago, calling for licensees ECI International and CFT CBM Holdings to abandon their plans to search for coal-seam gas in the Colac area.
Mayor Brian Crook said there were flaws in the government's permit process, with mining companies not required to tell councils of their licence applications.
They said earlier this week there was no proof CSG mining would not affect water, agriculture, the environment and landscape of the region.
Friends of the Earth campaign co-ordinator Cam Walker was confident earlier this week that community opposition could force the mining company to walk away from its exploration licence.
The Colac Herald believes ECI International's permit withdrawal only affects licence 5277, which covered private land stretching across Colac, Forrest, Barongarook and Gellibrand.
Nasty. Disgusting. Ugly. These are just some of the words normally associated with cockroaches. But for scientists in the world of bio-inspired robotics – roaches are perfect.
Robert Full, Professor of Integrative Biology, University of California, Berkeley: "You might think the best shape changers are kind of like an octopus or a worm or a slug, but yet we know that cockroaches can go through these tiny little cracks."
Researchers at UC Berkeley put roaches through a series of experiments that involved the insects running though tiny tunnels a quarter of their size and fitting through openings just millimeters wide.
Robert Full, Professor of Integrative Biology, University of California, Berkeley: "In order to understand how they can go in these little spaces we actually did CT scans to look inside and we found no hard part. Exoskeletons in general are composed of stiff but not too stiff plates and tubes connected by compliant membranes and those can all be compressed but still function effectively."
The researchers found that roaches can run nearly full speed even when squeezing through an area that compresses their body down to half of its size. Additionally, the insects' malleable structure can withstand forces 900 times their body weight without injury.
It's this list of impressive credentials that has led to CRAM - short for Compressible Robot with Articulated Microstructures. A fancy name for what basically amounts to a robotic roach.
Robert Full, Professor of Integrative Biology, University of California, Berkeley: "It's palm sized, it's bigger so it can contain more payload, sensors and things in the future and it can be compressed in and it can still run in that confined space much like what we see in the animal."
'Ick' factor aside. It's a roaches' uncanny ability to crawl through walls in your house that lays the foundation for robots like this to crawl through spaces in disaster zones to search for survivors.
So while you may be completely disgusted by the creepy critters - it's time to give the cockroach a bit of respect.
Lehigh Acres father accused of shooting, killing son
LEHIGH ACRES, Fla. A 41-year-old man is accused of shooting and killing their son Monday night, the Lee County Sheriff's Office said.
Jonathan Brunelle, of Lehigh Acres, was arrested and faces one count of second-degree murder after an investigation showed they intentionally shot their 20-year-old son, the sheriff's office said.
Brunelle called deputies at around 7:26 p.m. to their home on the 4600 block of 28th Street Southwest, the sheriff's office said. They told deputies their son, Shane Brunelle, was “out of control.”
Jonathan waited outside the home and agreed to leave their gun with a neighbor until deputies could arrive, the sheriff's office said. Shane agreed to stay with a neighbor until their mother could pick them up.
Shane had scratches on their neck, but denied they were from Jonathan, the sheriff's office said.
At around 8:19 p.m. deputies were called to the home again — this time on reports of a shooting, the sheriff's office said.
Jonathan told deputies they “accidentally” shot Shane in the stomach, the sheriff's office said. Shane was unresponsive when deputies arrived and succumbed to their injuries.
“For something like that to happen just down the road like that … all I can ask is why?” nearby resident Isaac Cartagena said.
A judge did not set a bond during Jonathan's first appearance Wednesday. Brunelle will appear in court July 24.
* John Mattera jailed until sentencing
* Pleads guilty to three criminal charges
By Grant McCool
NEW YORK, Oct 2 (Reuters) - A Florida fund manager admitted on Tuesday to tricking investors out of $13 million by falsely telling them they had put their money in coveted shares of Facebook Inc and Groupon Inc before the Internet companies went public.
John Mattera pleaded guilty to transferring $11 million from investors into an escrow account, rather than safeguarding it ahead of the initial public offerings, and taking an additional $2 million of investor money.
Prosecutors said they did not hold shares of the companies' private stock while chairperson of the advisory board of Praetorian Global Fund Ltd. They said they spent nearly $4 million of investors' money on luxury cars, jewelry, personal taxes and a lawsuit settlement.
As part of their plea in Manhattan federal court, Mattera, 50, agreed to pay restitution to the defrauded investors and forfeit $13 million.
U.S. District Judge Richard Sullivan in Manhattan ordered Mattera jailed pending their sentencing. Mattera had missed a date in court on Monday for the plea hearing and they also have been cited for contempt in a civil case brought against them by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
Mattera faces a potential 10 to 15-1/2 years in prison under a plea agreement with prosecutors.
In court, Mattera described how investors had sent money into what they and others described as escrow accounts at a Florida bank in 2010 and 2011. The investors had been told they could invest in Facebook and Groupon while they were still private, and that their money would be held in the accounts until the companies went public.
They said they told investors that their fund “had shares when in truth and fact we did not acquire the shares.” Asked by the judge whether the intention was to keep investors in the dark, Mattera replied: “Yes, correct. Absolutely.”
At the time, Facebook was being closely watched by Wall Street in anticipation of an IPO. The company ultimately went public in May at $38 a share, but the stock has fallen sharply on concern about its valuation and growth prospects. Shares of Facebook were up 1.3 percent to $22.28 in Tuesday afternoon trading on the Nasdaq.
Groupon debuted in November 2011 at $31.14, but it has lost much of its value. Its shares were down 1.5 percent at $4.65 in Tuesday afternoon trading.
Mattera's tentative sentencing date is Feb. 1, 2013.
The cases are USA v John Mattera, U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, No. 12-00127 and U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission v Mattera et al No. 11-08323.
Progressive Academy, a private school in Edmonton, sells its educational program by saying it's based on “observation, study and practice.” Honourable goals, for sure. What's not mentioned to parents is Progressive Academy's connection to the teachings of L. Ron Hubbard, the founder of the controversial and oft criticized religion of Scientology, and the creator of a teaching method called Applied Scholastics.
Applied Scholastics is not nearly as controversial as Scientology, it is however, one of Hubbard's lasting legacies years after their death in 1986. Taught to millions of students around the world, Applied Scholastics uses something called “Study Tech,” a method of teaching that claims it can help any student overcome barriers to studying and learning. This method was developed by Hubbard and is currently taught at Progressive Academy.The school's executive director C-Anne Robertson confirmed the school pays licensing fees to the Canadian branch of Applied Scholastics for use of this teaching method but refused to say how much. Schools based in the United States have been required to pay four percent of their total revenue to Applied Scholastics. The head office of Applied Scholastics, based in Missouri, did not return emails from Progress Alberta to confirm whether this is the current rate schools are required to pay.
What we do know about the Edmonton school's finances is that since 2010 through to 2016 Progressive Academy has received $4.2 million in government funding. Private schools in Alberta receive the most expensive public subsidies in Canada - they receive 70 percent of what a student in a public school would receive in operational funds. The school also fundraises through the Progressive Academy Education Society, the school's charity registered with Revenue Canada, and charges an average of $8700 a year in tuition.
But the big question remains. Should the government be funding a school with ties to Scientology?
The current and long serving executive director of the school, C-Anne Robertson, has previously told the Calgary Herald, that they are a member of the church, and that the school does not teach Scientology and is not a faith-based school. During a conversation with Progress Alberta, Robertson refused to confirm their connection to the church or answer any questions about the school but did say Progressive Academy provides an excellent education and has top-notch teachers. The school is also required to teach the Alberta Programs of Study.
Parents that Progress Alberta spoke with who have attended open houses at Progressive Academy claimed they saw no evidence linking the school to Scientology, although school officials during those meetings admitted that some of the staff at the school do attend the Church of Scientology of Alberta based in Edmonton.
Critics of Scientology offer a more blunt assessment saying Applied Scholastics is a front for the church and its believers. “It is covert religious instruction,” said David Touretzky, a research professor in the Computer Science Department and the Centre for the Neural Basis of Cognition at Carnegie Mellon University.
Touretzky's main criticism with Applied Scholastics is that it teaches students concepts that are demonstrably false. They quoted from one of the Basic Study Manuals of Applied Scientology that said: “the only reason a person gives up a study or becomes confused or unable to learn is because they or they have gone past a word that was not understood.”
Touretzky called this idea garbage. “People might be confused for other reasons: perhaps the writing is poor, or the ideas themselves being expressed are poorly thought-out. People might give up a study because they find that the subject matter doesn't interest them, or they just think the writer's ideas are dumb,” they said.
“Study Tech isn't appropriate for children,” said Touretzky, adding that Study Tech's focus on misunderstood words is “‘an intentional and effective device for suppressing critical thought.” Touretzky pointed out that if a student disagrees with what is being taught it is assumed the child doesn't understand.
“All disagreement is dismissed as misunderstanding—a dangerous attitude for an educational system to promote,” they said.
Progressive Academy is currently the only school using Applied Scholastics in Alberta, although there are other institutions who use it throughout Canada, including a school in Toronto that came under fire when it decided to offer the teaching method to its students.
But at the end of the day here in Alberta we have a school with a questionable teaching approach, possibly paying licensing fees to a third party organization connected to Scientology while also receiving millions in taxpayer dollars. How about this for a progressive idea: either cut the link to Scientology or cut your ties to government funding.
KEEP APPLIED SCHOLASTICS AWAY FROM KIDS. EMAIL YOUR MLA.
Mr. Mizzou Honored at Homecoming
COLUMBIA -- John Kadlec is a familiar name to many around Mizzou. This year, Kadlec was the Grand Marshal for Missouri's 101 homecoming.
It's been more than 60 years since John Kadlec moved from St. Louis to Columbia to play football for Mizzou in 1947.
Kadlec said, "He said Johnny and I said oh yeah I knew it was Coach Faurot and they said Welcome to the Tigers. I tell you what, I fe lt at that time, that they made me really feel like I belonged, and it was a great moment for me."
They had plenty of great moments as a player. They earned all big seven as an offensive lineman in 1950 under Don Faurot. They also coached with Mizzou greats Frank Broyles, Dan Devine and Al Onofrio until 1977.
"I'll always be thankful for Coach Faurot because they got me a very pleasant life, I always say if I ever had to find a job, I don't know what I would do, I wouldn't have had a job for 55 years. I love athletics and I love Missouri," said Kadlec.
Kadlec says their time on the practice field is the favorite coaching memory, "The best job I ever had was coaching, because I enjoyed it so much. I was out with the kids at the practice field and also you got a chance to really know the players."
After coaching, Kadlec took the microphone with in 1995 and as part of the Tiger Radio Broadcast for was on the 16 years. Being with the Missouri Athletic Department for more than 60 years, Mr. Mizzou has seen some changes.
Kadlec said, "Things being equal, I'd say I think I would like to stay in the Big 12 because we had great rivalries with kU and so forth and Oklahoma."
Kadlec says mizzou naming them the homecoming grand marshall is the ultimate honor. "I think that it's a great honor and I'm very very happy with it, because I know they could have gotten other people, but I appreciate that they selected me. I got four grandkids and they're excited about it, I'm hoping they can ride in the car with me."
As for the future, their plans are open.
"I don't have any goals to do anything, maybe I have a goal to be here a while," Kadlec said.
An Ohio city councilman has come under fire for their negative treatment of 911 emergency dispatchers during a call they placed in June to complain about a physical altercation outside their home.
911 tapes show Cleveland Councilman Eugene Miller cursing and shouting at dispatchers about what they claimed was “about 100 sorry black kids out here acting a fool” on their front lawn. “I'm just sick of this shit,” they said, describing how the group was “fighting” in front of their home.
When the dispatcher attempted to follow protocol and obtain more information from Miller in order to put in the correct assignment, the councilman snapped: “Just get the fucking police over here, okay?” they said.
Patiently, the female dispatcher replied, “I understand that you're ticked off but you still have to tell me what's going on so I can code my assignment correctly.” Unhappy with such a response, Miller threatened to call the police chief himself.
In another call from the same night, when a dispatcher asked Miller for their phone number — a standard operating procedure — the councilman balked and demanded to speak with a supervisor.
Miller's comments have served as fuel for their challenger, Jeffrey Johnson, in an upcoming council race. “His loss of control, no matter the reason, and their belittling of the dispatcher is unacceptable behavior by an elected member of the city council to a city employee,” Johnson said in a statement, according to the Cleveland Plain Dealer.
The councilman has apologized, however, telling local news that “I made a mistake being rude to the 911 operator. If I had it to do over again I wouldn't do it that way.”
Listen to the three separate NSFW calls below, via Cleveland Plain-Dealer:
[h/t Liz Klimas/TheBlaze]
[photo via ClevelandCityCouncil.org]
— —
>> Follow Andrew Kirell (@AndrewKirell) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
For devotees of minutae, last night's Inception Radio Network podcast debate between retired U.S. Army Col. John Alexander and UFO historian Richard Dolan unfolded with all the revelations of a script reading. Alexander, author of UFOs: Myths, Conspiracies and Reality, maintained the phenomenon is real and bizarre, although the indifferent feds aren't hiding a thing. Likewise, Dolan stuck by the premise of their UFOs and The National Security State series, which argues UFOs constitute maybe the most highly classified secret in American history.
To be sure, there were moments of acidic spontaneity. But from those predictable broadsides came a tacit invitation to take this unending circular debate to another level. Exasperated by Dolan's suggestions that recovered ET technology might be incorporated into defense systems to fight an intergalactic menace, Alexander advised Dolan to “take a decade off to learn the system” of how classified programs work. “(Dolan's) level of naivete is incomprehensible to me,” said Alexander, a veteran of deep black Special Access Programs.
Few researchers have worked more diligently on the UFO conundrum than Richard Dolan. But this debate — more anticipated than most, due to the presence of journalist-moderator Leslie Kean — might've forged new ground had a source in their own book, UFOs: Pilots, Generals and Government Officials Go On the Record — joined the discussion.
Retired Navy commander Will Miller wouldn't have needed to take a decade off to learn the system. A senior Pentagon intelligence analyst, advisor to U.S. Space Command and U.S. Southern Command, issued Top Secret credentials for Sensitive Compartmented Information, Miller is Alexander's peer in important ways. Harboring a longstanding interest in UFOs, like Alexander they spent years noodling through the national security bureaucracy to find a pulse. And, like Alexander, Miller was actually alarmed at the ostensible level of disinterest. But their own research led them to a sharply different conclusion.
For their book, Miller told Kean they were convinced there was, in fact, a control group that “cannot allow any information on their closely held UFO research to be accessed by anyone outside of those specially cleared for that Unacknowledged Special Access Program (USAP). Neither Joint Chiefs of Staff Intelligence nor the director of DIA themselves could get ANY information on the subject: this is a fact. Yet I know that sources within multiple organizations maintain such information. Leadership remains ‘protected' from such knowledge. As far as I am concerned, the question is answered.”
Kean stressed the need for convincing the official wheels of government “to take this seriously,” and warned “the wrong way to do it is to point fingers.” But an Alexander-Miller exchange could move the bar up a notch. Would it make a difference? Not for the debunkers and the paranoids. But getting two bona fide former military officers, contemporaries who share common experiences, interests and vocabularies, to prosecute their arguments for the vast middle ground of public opinion would be foundational. Both can't be right. Either a) there are hyper-secretive components of the defense establishment keeping tabs on what appears to be wildly advanced technology plying our skies, or b) Uncle Sam is totally down with the idea of an aircraft carrier-sized UFO loitering without a transponder over Stephenville, Tex., and inviting pursuit by F-16s as it cruises for restricted airspace around a presidential residence. The b) option, if officially acknowledged, would constitute a dereliction of duty.
“How is this not an important matter of national security?” Dolan wondered last night about the high strangeness over Texas on 1/8/2008.
It was the only time Alexander appeared to hesitate. “Stephenville,” they said after a pause, “is kind of interesting.”
One might think.
This year's presidential primaries have already broken several rules of politics, and new spending data suggests another shift in modern campaigning – a decline in polling, at least among GOP candidates.
In the three months leading up to the Iowa caucus, many Republicans spent little to nothing on polling. Marco Rubio and Jeb Bush each spent just over $150,000 on campaign polls, while the two non-politicians in the race, Ben Carson and Donald Trump, declined to buy any polling research at all. The data is from the campaigns' spending summaries for the final quarter of 2015, which are released under federal election law.
Ted Cruz was the only Republican who spent much on polls – over $380,000 – and their campaign threw another $3 million into separate data for “donor modeling.” In Iowa, Cruz's campaign proved adept at using field and targeting data, not simply public opinion polling, to locate and mobilize their supporters.
RELATED: Clinton struggles to explain $600k in Wall Street speaking fees
“For winning a tactical battle in these early primary states, polling is a lot less useful and seems to fade in accuracy in every cycle,” said Michael Simon, analytics director for the Obama 2008 Campaign.
Donald Trump led many public polls in the primary pre-season, but those surveys proved wrong in Iowa and may have even led their strategy astray. Media polls focus on the broad horse race, especially the frequent “national” polls of the entire electorate, which have less relevance to a race decided by a smaller number of state electorates. Effective campaign polling and data, by contrast, can inform a campaign's strategy of whom to target and where to spend resources.
For candidates like Kasich and Christie, foregoing polls may have been a budgetary necessity. For Trump, it may have been a costly miscalculation.
view photo essay Political Theatre: The presidential campaign of Hillary Clinton Clinton arguably boasts experience in government unparalleled by anyone in the presidential field — but that has also made them a high-profile target for attack.
“Trump doesn't understand it – as they were quoted the other day: ‘Why would you pay for polling when the networks are doing it for you?'” explained a Republican strategist familiar with Trump's thinking and not supporting any of their rivals.
“He doesn't understand it as a predictive or testing tool,” the strategist told NBC. “He's only interested in ‘Am I ahead or behind' – which is the least important thing if you're using polling for predictive purposes.”
Without a pollster, the strategist noted, the Trump campaign cannot test whether it is more effective to attack Ted Cruz for their past support for Chief Justice John Roberts, for example, or on questions about their Canadian citizenship. That doesn't mean Trump's gut is always wrong, the source added. “He decided that Jeb was ‘low energy' – how'd that work out?” the strategist asked. “Jeb's dead.”
On the Democratic side, however, polling is alive and well this cycle.
Hillary Clinton spent $720,000 on polls last quarter – as much as the six top Republican candidates combined. About $477,000 of that went to the firm of Joel Benenson, a pollster for Mrs. Clinton, Bill Clinton and Barack Obama. In the previous quarter, Clinton's polling bill was even higher – at $1.9 million.
Simon, the Obama campaign veteran, said the tab must reflect planning for a national race.
“There's no way to spend $700,000 in three states on polling,” they told NBC. “It's got to be a larger set of polling, or something else there.”
This is like buying world's most expensive yacht for Transatlantic race & not buying GPS or charts. https://t.co/6Ou7V3J7qd — stuart stevens (@stuartpstevens) February 5, 2016
While Bernie Sanders has campaigned as an outsider who will change conventional politics, as their fundraising has excelled, their campaign has begun spending handsomely on polls. In the third quarter last year, they spent $52,000 on research, listing no outlay on polls. In the most recent quarter, their polling bill jumped above $500,000 – more than any other Republican candidate.
OllyDbg 2.01
Help on 77 pages. Please read it first - most of new features are described there
Multilanguage GUI (experimental, as yet no translation files - please do it by yourself)
Support for AVS instuctions (as yet no AVS2 and high 16 bytes of YMM registers are not displayed)
Call stack window (similar to the version 1.10)
Handles window (similar to the version 1.10)
SEH and VEH chains. To decode addresses of VEH handlers, OllyDbg hacks NTDLL.RtlAddVectoredExceptionHandler() , therefore process must be started from the OllyDbg
, therefore process must be started from the OllyDbg Multibyte character dumps
.udl image libraries, replace scan of object files from v1.10
Search for integers and floats in dump
Search for procedures (entry points)
Limited support for NTFS streams
Drive dump
Software breakpoints that use INT1, HLT, CLI, STI or INSB instead of INT3
Multiple watches in one line, support for repeat count
Dump of arrays of structures
Micro-analysers
Accelerated search
Assembling of immediate data statements (DB xx etc.)
Highlighting in run trace
Up to 2 ordinals per address
Limited support for Win95 via Microsoft Layer for UNICODE
More tricky code sequences
Show free memory, or was it the previous version?
Multiple bugfixes
traceapi.dll
problem
GlobalAlloc()
KERNEL32.UnhandledExceptionFilter()
NTDLL.KiUserExceptionDispatcher()
NTDLL.ZwContinue()
NTDLL.NtQueryInformationProcess()
NTDLL.ZwContinue()
ZwContinue()
NtQueryInformationProcess()
notadebugger.exe
ollydbg.exe
GetProcAddress()
ollydbg.exe
notadebugger.exe
August 30, 2012 - major update for plugin authors. Bookmark plugin, August 30, 2012 - major update for plugin authors. OllyDbg
__cdecl
__stdcall
_Disasm@32
_Disasm
Disasm
OllyBugs
If you need some API function or family that is not yet documented, drop me a mail and I'll try to describe it ASAP.
August 18, 2012 - OllyDbg 2.01 beta 2. OllyDbg (already updated), Bookmarks plugin, test application
August 18, 2012 - OllyDbg 2.01 beta 2. OllyDbg (already updated), Bookmarks plugin, preliminary plugin API
MOV SS,anything
PUSHF
JE
JZ
Update:
No, I haven't removed all bugs at the first try. I have kept some information about menu items directly in the menu, using dwItemData in MENUITEMINFO. It seems that Windows also uses this item! Now I have moved pointers to data to another location.
fully documented
You may already start writing your plugins. If you need some API function or family that is not yet documented, drop me a mail and I'll try to describe it ASAP.
Start thread - start new thread that increases counter each 100 milliseconds;
Suspend last - suspends last created thread. There is no corresponding "Resume" button, use OllyDbg;
New process - starts new instance of itself;
New suspended - starts new instance of itself in suspended state;
FatalExit() - calls FatalExit(), what else?
Current Dir - displays current directory;
Load ws2_32 - loads ws2_32.dll (must be present on all systems);
Unload ws2_32 - unloads ws2_32.dll;
Set filter - calls SetUnhandledExceptionFilter(). The handler only displays the error. Note: it won't work on stack overflow;
Sedt VEH - calls AddVectoredExceptionHandler(), same note as above;
Read [00000000] - attempts to read memory at zero address;
0 : 0 - integer division by zero;
INT3 - executes INT3;
INT ff - executes INT FF;
JMP 123456 - jumps to (most probably) non-existing memory;
Stack overflow - calls function that recursively calls itself;
1.0 : 0.0 - floating-point division by zero. Note where this exception is reported!
Set Trap - sets bit T (single-step trap);
POP SS/PUSHF - executes POP SS, PUSHF, POP EAX and displays the contents of EAX (and especially bit T);
MOV SS/PUSHF - executes MOV AX,SS; MOV SS,AX, PUSHF, POP EAX and displays the contents of EAX (and especially bit T);
INT 2D - executes INT 2D, has special meaning under Windows;
String A - executes OutputDebugStringA() (ASCII version);
String W - executes OutputDebugStringW() (UNICODE version);
ZwAlloc(0) - allocates memory block at address 00000000. Try Read [00000000] afterwards and be astonished!
plugin.h
bookmark.c
April 11, 2011 - OllyDbg 2.01 alpha 3.
April 11, 2011 - OllyDbg 2.01 alpha 3. Here it is!
Debugging | Use HW breakpoints for stepping
DWORD=="text"
Appearance | ASCII code page
February 20, 2011 - OllyDbg 2.01 alpha 2.
February 20, 2011 - OllyDbg 2.01 alpha 2. Here it is!
this version is compatible with Windows 7
February 08, 2011 - Thank you for your help!
I'm sorry to have to inform you that your message could not be delivered to one or more recipients. It's attached below.
Diagnostic-Code: smtp; 550-5.7.1 {mx051} The recipient does not accept mails
from 't-online.de' over foreign mailservers 550 5.7.1 ( http://portal.gmx.net/serverrules ) (in reply to RCPT TO
command)
February 06, 2011 - A desperate call for help!
"a logical extension of ICorDebugProcess Interface"
- Given ICorDebugProcess, how can I call ICorDebugProcess2 methods in Borland?
- Given running .NET application, is there a way to get correspondence between CIL code and compiled native code directly, without ICorDebug xxx ?
ollydbg@t-online.de
November 20, 2010 - OllyDbg 2.01 intermediate alpha .
November 20, 2010 - OllyDbg 2.01 intermediate alpha . Here it is.
dbghelp.dll
dbghelp
AND IT IS STILL NOT FIT FOR WINDOWS 64!!!
Last update: June 04, 2010 - final release (corrected).
Tittan
Jack
prn
William
PUSH AH
mailnew2ster
Ange
Eric, deepzero
karmany
John
Aaron
Ivar
Rinze
ESP
NCR
numax
locklose
edemko
LOOPZ
LOOPNZ
Without your help, OllyDbg 2.0 would not exist. Thank you very much!
Last update: December 03, 2009
Please read it carefully before complaining:
1. OllyDbg 2.0 is rewritten from scratch.
2. No, plugins are not yet implemented.
3. Yes, they will be implemented again - presumably in v2.02.
odbg200j
odbg200h
December 3, 2009
The last beta, with rudimentary help (and I hope to improve it in the release). The only really new feature (commented out in the second beta) is debugging of child processes. Other modifications are evolutional: much more stable (and tricky) debugging engine, more known functions, more or less consistent support for UNICODE and UTF8 in dialogs and comments, many bugfixes.
Please check this version thoroughly and don't forget to report all errors, including grammatical. The release will follow soon!
March 28, 2009
The second beta. I've planned that it will come with the more or less complete help file. Unfortunately, I had no time to write it. Therefore there will be also the third beta release... soon.
There are many - over 20 - bugfixes in the beta 2, some of them are really critical. As promised, there are no significant changes, with two exceptions. The recognition of UNICODE strings is vastly improved, they are no longer limited to ASCII subset (option " Use IsTextUnicode() ". Also I recognize strings in the UTF-8 format. By the way, if you have some small sample program with the free source that uses UTF-8 strings, please send it to me (together with the screenshot of displayed strings) so that I will be able to test OllyDbg.
The second new feature is in the run trace. New option "Pause when EIP points to modified command" helps, for example, to find the real entry point of the SFX-ed code. Just don't forget to create backup first (or use another new option, Auto backup user code )!
December 23, 2008
The first beta release. "Beta" means that there will be no significant changes till the final v2.00. Now it supports memory and hardware breakpoints. They are fully conditional, and the number of memory breakpoints is unlimited. Fast command emulation takes memory breakpoints into account. In fact, run trace may be much faster than the full-speed run if the number of false access violations is high. Active hardware breakpoints turn emulation off, but this may change in the future.
SSE registers are fully supported. OllyDbg understands all command set extentions up to SSE4. AMD's SSE5 is not supported, but as far as I know, there are no SSE5-capable processors yet.
Help on command covers all FPU commands. Help on some registers and bits is also available.
Autoupdate of dump windows may also be useful.
August 21, 2008
Big update. Powerful run trace, profiling, analysis, many small improvements and multiple bugfixes. Support for AT&T syntax is experimental and limited to disassembler. If you find any errors, please let me know!
May 24, 2008
Internal emulation of simple commands ( Options|Run trace|Allow fast command emulation ) has made run and hit trace 15 (fifteen!) times faster. On my Athlon 4000+, standard run trace executes 35000 commands per second. With the emulation on, OllyDbg traces 500000 commands! For simple programs, this may be close to the real-time execution - in the step-by-step mode, with the full protocolling.
Emulation covers only the small subset of 80x86 commands - moves, PUSH / POP , arithmetical and boolean operations, comparisons, shifts, jumps, calls, returns and LEA s. No multiplications, prefixes, loop or string operations, no FPU or MMX; still, OllyDbg passes to the application less than two percents of commands.
Frequently one uses run trace together with the run trace condition, like: "stop trace when EAX==0x123456". Up to now, the inetrpreter parsed conditional expression on each step. However, this was too slow for the accelerated trace. Now I compile expressions to the simple pseudocode and use a very quick interpreter to estimate the condition. As a result, the above comparison is processed in only 130 nanoseconds. Not bad!
Oh yes, and command help now includes the string commands, too.
May 8, 2008
Improved and bug-fixed debugging engine. Help on all 8086 commands, except for string manipulations.
April 19, 2008
Pre-alpha 5: hit trace! Maybe you have tried to use hit trace in the version 1.10, only to discover that it doesn't work with non-trivial programs. Hit trace in version 2 is different: instead of replacing all recognized commands with INT3 , I set breakpoints dynamically on all non-processed branches. It seems that 20-30 thousand breakpoints is not a problem for the new debugger. Also in this release: just-in-time debugging, command line, several bugfixes. Help on command is ready for all non-SSE/non-FPU commands till LEA .
March 11, 2008
Pre-alpha 4: name lists, search for text strings, floating-point constants and intermodular calls, run trace conditions, syntax highlighting (but default colours are not yet set), pause on thread, names of the arguments on the stack etc. The analysis of large modules is much faster now.
December 25, 2007
Pre-alpha 3: many different features like attaching to running process, detaching, run trace (as yet without fast stepping), real-time stack analysis, recognition of TLS callbacks, guarded memory, intermodular calls etc. Look at the comment column in the list of calls - you will enjoy it!
October 20, 2007
Removed 5 bugs; strongly improved functionality of existing windows; reduced number of false switches
October 09, 2007
First buggy pre-alpha code
October 11, 2007 - First bug reports
Thank you!
And - thank you again! Please keep it this way!
October 09, 2007 - Pre-alpha version
download this
errorlog.txt
July 08, 2007 - UDD files
June 03, 2007 - Development continues
int main()
{
MessageBox(NULL,"I'm a little, little code in a big, big world... Hello, world!",
"Hello, world",MB_OK);
return 0;
}
hOwner
Text
Caption
Type
May 18, 2007 - Happy birthday, Version 2?
precompiled table of known functions as resource;
recognition of functions that play with return address on the stack (like allocation of huge local data) - important, because a lot of sensible analysis depends on it;
comment operands of assembler commands - currently it's just a stub without intellect;
save data to .udd file;
on-line analysis of stack data;
copy modifications to executable file;
April 17, 2007 - Command search.
XOR EAX,EAX
MOV EAX,[EBX]
sixteen
8B03 - the simplest form
8B43 00 - form without SIB with 1-byte zero displacement
8B83 00000000 - form without SIB with 4-byte displacement
8B0423 - form with SIB byte without scaled index
8B0463 - same
8B04A3 - same
8B04E3 - same
8B4423 00 -
SIB byte, 1-byte displacement, no index
8B4463 00 - same
8B44A3 00 - same
8B44E3 00 - same
8B8423 00000000 - SIB byte, 4-byte displacement, no index
8B8463 00000000 - same
8B84A3 00000000 - same
8B84E3 00000000 - same
8B041D 00000000 - SIB byte, 4-byte displacement, scale 1, no base
R8 - any 8-bit register
R16 - any 16-bit register
R32 - any 32-bit register
REG - any general register (size is not important, assumed R32 in address)
RA,RB - semi-defined 32-bit registers
SEG - any segment register
FPUREG - any floating-point register
MMXREG - any MMX register
SSEREG - any SSE register
CRREG - any CR register
DRREG - any DR register
CONST - any constant
ANY - any operand or memory address (size is not important)
MOV ANY,ANY
MOV
MOV [ANY],ANY
try
catch
MOV [FS:ANY],ANY
XOR RA,RA
XOR XA,XB
XOR
JMP [R32*4+CONST]
LEA RA,[RA*5]
[RA*4+RA]
this
February 24, 2007 - Progress.
November 12, 2006 - Analyser.
America's solar industry is hoping for an attractive post-2016 economic outlook by pushing to extend the federal Investment Tax Credit while strengthening state-level regulations and policies. But our regulatory priorities shouldn't overlook an equally important economic issue: properly assessing the value of solar generation.
As federal and state incentives decline, our attention must turn to accurately pricing and valuing kilowatt-hour revenue from solar electricity sales. Multiple factors tally up to the true value of a solar kilowatt-hour, including the costs of moving solar across a transmission and distribution network, external environmental costs of fossil-fuel generation, and avoided capital for anticipated grid maintenance costs, to name a few.
Since solar is primarily developed as a distributed energy resource, externalized costs are lower than centralized generation, but they often aren't reflected in pricing. This point is reflected in a recent analysis of 11 studies showing that rooftop solar's median value was $0.17 cents per kilowatt-hour, while the average U.S. retail electricity rate was $0.12 cents per kilowatt-hour.
Pricing solar for the end consumer
Solar is priced differently for different customers, often at a discount from retail or generation rates, with distributed assets receiving retail rates and utility-scale assets priced at generation rates reflecting wholesale market pricing.
This works today, but in a post-ITC world with tighter profit margins, generation rates will be highly challenged and the $0.04 or $0.05 kilowatt-hour PPAs we're seeing bid in 2015 will be increasingly difficult to make work in 2017.
Retail plus/minus rate structures, on the other hand, include many additional costs of getting electrons to the customer. Here, retail rates more accurately reflect what a residential, commercial, or industrial end user pays for on their bill. If solar projects can sell at a retail minus rate -- or better, reflecting external or avoided costs -- developers can lock in a higher kilowatt-hour revenue stream for assets and maintain solar's economic competitiveness.
The spread of community solar and virtual net metering further complicates matters by creating a new category of solar development and value, and forces the question of how a solar kilowatt-hour will be priced to the purchasers of these electrons.
A looming ITC cliff and declining incentives creates even more pressure to get the value of solar right. So how do we get there from here?
Several states have tried assessing the value of solar and their experiences provide valuable lessons on how utilities, regulators, and solar developers can collaboratively determine the proper rate.
Maine
Maine may be a laggard in solar deployment, but it's become a leader in valuing solar through collaboration. Maine's Public Utilities Commission released a value-of-solar study earlier this year, determining solar's actual value at $0.33 cents per kilowatt-hour.
As someone selling solar power, this seems high and would probably sound expensive to most customers who aren't in Hawaii or Alaska. But the state PUC's solar valuation process examined all economic values of the technology and should be emulated by other states. Maine's PUC assessed avoided-capital costs and capacity investment, reduced financial risk, increased grid resiliency, and environmental benefits, resulting in a more accurate price closer to retail costs and benefits.
Maine is also exploring an entirely different valuation model by creating a central entity, or “Solar Standard Buyer” to aggregate smaller projects and monetize the value of solar generation. Larger purchasing entities allow developers to design across a larger footprint while employing cheaper financing and costs of construction, thus providing optimal consumer rates while locking in stable revenue streams.
Minnesota
Minnesota made headlines when it became the first state to set a value-of-solar tariff that included the value of delivered energy, generation and transmission capacity, transmission and distribution line losses, and environmental benefits. This process included all relevant parties and economic inputs, but arrived at a figure close to generation rates of roughly $0.12 cents per kilowatt-hour.
This figure caused angst among developers who felt the price was too low to stimulate new projects in a state with poor solar resources, and slowed the expected velocity of new project additions.
Any analysis will be judged by marketplace economics, and considering available costs of capital and construction alongside limits to individual asset sizing, the concerns may be correct -- but it's still too early to determine if Minnesota got it right. Rising interest rates and increasing demand for low-emission power mean previously expected capacity may still be built, and the state could become a success story over time.
Tennessee Valley Authority
TVA determines electricity prices for 9 million customers in seven Southeastern states, many of which are just blossoming into solar markets. So its new "Distributed Generation-Integrated Value" report has major implications for valuing solar.
The report confirms distributed solar avoids a range of costs from burning coal or natural gas for electricity, but only looks at the value of TVA savings, not solar's value to the region from reduced pollution or water use. As a result, TVA concluded the value of solar is $0.07 cents per kilowatt-hour, far below the $0.12 cents per kilowatt-hour it pays to solar owners for their excess output.
TVA's analysis is a positive exercise in such a nascent regional solar market. But without including all true values of solar and external costs of fossil fuels, it underprices solar's grid and regional benefits. This discrepancy is worth remembering as regulators start shaping solar policy in states like Georgia, Mississippi and Alabama.
Arizona
While it boasts some of America's best solar resources, Arizona represents a difficult example for policy rationalization and contentious fights between solar developers and incumbent utilities. At this point, neither side is focused on rational arguments about solar's true value or how much capacity should be on the state's grid.
When the state's utilities and regulators approved adding poorly justified fees onto monthly bills of new solar customers, they created confrontation between industry parties and a policy quagmire. If Arizona had engaged in a collaborative process to understand the true value of adding solar to the grid, hosting and access costs could have been equitably and fairly priced in. But instead, solar development slowed and energy consumers lost out.
Fortunately, Arizona regulators are starting a full cost-benefit proceeding to determine solar's value through a combination of cost-of-service and value-of-solar studies. The proceeding's exact details have not been announced, but if it includes an impartial and comprehensive evaluation of the best way to allocate solar costs and benefits overrate structures, both sides should agree to honor the third-party determined methodology and allow the state's solar market to move forward.
An accurate value of solar can work for all sides
America's solar industry will be challenged to keep profitable projects coming on-line after the ITC cliff. Some of this slack will be picked up through the 40 percent solar system pricing decline GTM Research forecasts by 2020 and the use of efficient capital deployed across the solar project finance capital stack, but we'll ultimately need market-driven conditions where developers and builders secure a minimum revenue stream derived from the true value of solar.
Setting a value of solar -- if done methodically and collaboratively with regulatory, utility, and solar market participants -- can yield a value that provides tailwinds behind current solar pricing trends. Rationalizing solar pricing to a retail environment should be a primary feature of America's post-ITC solar market, and will support solar's continued expansion using strong policy and economic logic.
***
Jesse Grossman is the CEO and co-founder of Soltage, a full-service renewable energy company that develops, finances, and operates solar energy projects across the United States.
Turkey, a close ally of Pakistan, on Tuesday hoped that the Kashmir issue would be resolved through dialogue while backing Islamabad's stance to send an Organisation of Islamic Cooperation (OIC) team to the Valley to probe the alleged human rights violations.
Advertising
“Turkey fully supports Pakistan's position on Jammu and Kashmir,” Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu said at a joint press conference here with Pakistan Prime Minister's advisor on foreign affairs Sartaj Aziz.
Cavusoglu said Turkey is an active member of theOIC Contact Group of Kashmir and attends its meeting. Hopefully its next meeting would be held in September, they said. “I would like to ask the Secretary General of the OIC to mobilise the Contact Group and send an observer mission. We believe this issue (Kashmir) can be solved through dialogue,” they said.
Pakistan has raised the Kashmir issue at the UN and demanded sending a fact finding team to the Valley to probe the alleged human rights violations there.
Forty-nine people have been killed in Kashmir in clashes since security forces killed Hizbul commander Burhan Wani on July 8.Cavusoglu, who is in Pakistan on an important visit after a failed military coup, thanked Islamabad for being the first country to denounce the coup attempt.
They said Turkey was taking steps against those involved in the coup staged by supporters of US-based influential Turkish cleric Fetullah Gulen. They said Gulen's organisations pose a risk or threat to the security and stability of every country. “This terrorist organisation has a global network of schools, business associations and cultural organisations. In the past, we supported them but we didn't know they had a hidden agenda, that they were trying to take over power in Turkey through such attempts,” they said.
Watch Video: What's making news
They said that Pakistan and Turkey supported each other against terrorism. On their part, Aziz pledged Pakistan's unequivocal support for a democratic, peaceful and stable Turkey under the dynamic leadership of President Tayyip Erdoğan. They noted with satisfaction that both sides have agreed to continue to tackle the menace of terrorism and defeat the scourge. The two sides also exchanged views on situation in Afghanistan and the need for a lasting political solution.
Advertising
Aziz said the two countries share similar views on migration crisis and the plight of Syrian refugees. They said Pakistan and Turkey host the largest refugee population in the world.
Sta­cey Ab­rams is a self-identi­fy­ing in­tro­vert, a former bur­eau­crat, a busi­ness­wo­man, and the au­thor of eight ro­mantic-sus­pense nov­els. She's also the first Afric­an-Amer­ic­an to lead the Geor­gia state House's Demo­crat­ic Party, and may have their sights on the gov­ernor's chair.
It used to be the ac­cep­ted wis­dom that wear­ing mul­tiple hats holds wo­men back (al­beit usu­ally with re­gard to child-rear­ing), but Ab­rams sees hav­ing many fa­cets to their iden­tity as a strength. “I'm a tax at­tor­ney ro­mance nov­el­ist politi­cian … and a seri­al re­luct­ant en­tre­pren­eur,” they said. “That is a real­ity show wait­ing to hap­pen.” (Once, when an ex-boy­friend told them they found the premise of their spy nov­el to be im­plaus­ible, they pun­ished them by cre­at­ing a plot twist that put them in pris­on. “He lan­guishes there to this day,” they quipped.)
Ab­rams has been a named a rising star by EMILY's List,which works to elect pro-choice Demo­crat­ic wo­men. This spring, they were one of three Demo­crat­ic wo­men honored by the group for their achieve­ments in lead­er­ship, along­side Demo­crat­ic Sens. Di­anne Fein­stein and Bar­bara Box­er of Cali­for­nia.
For now, however, she's fo­cused on win­ning the House ma­jor­ity for the Demo­crats — and, giv­en Geor­gia's his­tory as a red state, it's go­ing to be an up­hill climb. Geor­gia Demo­crats are out­numbered 119 to 60, in con­gres­sion­al dis­tricts ger­ry­mandered to keep Re­pub­lic­ans in power, even as the state has be­come in­creas­ingly demo­graph­ic­ally di­verse and is mov­ing to­ward an ever-blu­er shade of purple.
I in­ter­viewed Ab­rams this spring as part of an­oth­er story on a new EMILY's List train­ing pro­gram tak­ing place in At­lanta. (When they first ran for of­fice, a friend of theirs handed them a big EMILY's List bind­er of tips; it be­came their bible for their first cam­paign.) We dis­cussed wo­men and race and power, as well as how obstacles, some ex­tern­al, some in­tern­al, can be over­come. What fol­lows is an ed­ited ver­sion of our con­ver­sa­tion.
What do you think stops wo­men from run­ning?
We fear los­ing, and that that some­how sig­nals that we wer­en't cap­able to be­gin with. It is easi­er to lose in private than it is to lose in pub­lic, and so there's this fear that if you're not go­ing to win, then why try? There's also a tend­ency for wo­men to think that they need to be an ex­pert to win, that you have to know everything about everything — that if I don't have a Ph.D. in every top­ic, then I'm cer­tainly not qual­i­fied to speak for people. I will tell you that my male col­leagues do not suf­fer from the same de­lu­sion. You don't need to know everything. You need to know you don't know everything, and be will­ing to learn about it.
Is run­ning harder for wo­men of col­or?
Wo­men in gen­er­al need to be asked to run, and wo­men of col­or ab­so­lutely have to be asked, be­cause too of­ten what you see around you in terms of lead­er­ship looks noth­ing like you. It's hard to ima­gine your­self in a place where you don't have a lode­star.
If you could give ad­vice to a wo­man who's run­ning for of­fice for the first time, what would it be?
First and fore­most, know what you be­lieve and know why you be­lieve it. Part of it is just sit­ting down with your­self and un­der­stand­ing how deep your con­vic­tions run. Then, if you have the for­tune (or mis­for­tune) of get­ting elec­ted, and com­prom­ise is re­quired, if you have to con­front the real­it­ies of the bill sit­ting next to you, you'll have a met­ric against which to meas­ure your move­ment. The second thing is to know what oth­ers be­lieve. Too of­ten we enter the polit­ic­al space think­ing it's about us, and it's not. It's about the people who elec­ted you and the people you're work­ing with or against. If you don't un­der­stand what they've got and what they're do­ing, they will beat you. But if you can un­der­stand what mo­tiv­ates them, that gives you a tool to use to get what you want done.
How did EMILY's List help you in your cam­paign, and how do you think the group can help wo­men more gen­er­ally?
It's about hav­ing someone else val­id­ate your ca­pa­city to lead, and that's what EMILY's List did for me. They helped me at the very be­gin­ning without know­ing it; they came in when I'd star­ted run­ning and helped me. But, more re­cently, when I be­came lead­er [of the Geor­gia House Demo­crats], EMILY's List was there to help me think about my lead­er­ship. What do I need to be do­ing as lead­er to so­lid­i­fy that role, but also, how do I build my ca­pa­city to do even more? Hav­ing wo­men who look like you and sound like you, who think something of you and will tell you — that has a val­id­at­ing ef­fect that can­not be un­der­es­tim­ated.
What did you learn from oth­er po­s­i­tions you've held, par­tic­u­larly from your time run­ning your own small busi­ness, spe­cific­ally at NOW Corp., the fin­an­cial ser­vices firm you cofoun­ded?
People like to talk about run­ning gov­ern­ment like a busi­ness, but there are very few people who've ac­tu­ally had to make payroll and man­age staff. They don't really get how that fits to­geth­er and how that fits to­geth­er in the con­text of gov­ern­ment. Gov­ern­ment is a busi­ness, but in a tra­di­tion­al busi­ness, your ob­ject­ive is to please a cer­tain cus­tom­er base that you choose. Gov­ern­ment is the only busi­ness that has to please every single per­son, and none of those people have the ex­act same needs — it's the most per­verse busi­ness that you could pos­sibly have! So if you're go­ing to run it like a busi­ness, you have to be will­ing to really frac­ture how you think about your cus­tom­er base. If you couple that with need­ing to un­der­stand how bur­eau­cracy works, and how laws get made, I figured I had a fairly in­ter­est­ing back­ground, and I should try it. And I did. And they let me come. And I've been there ever since.
What have you learned from writ­ing fic­tion, and how does it in­form your work as a politi­cian?
I think that cre­at­ive frac­tur­ing of con­ver­sa­tion is ne­ces­sary. You can't get to new ideas if you only think about things the same way, and I try my best, wheth­er it's in busi­ness or in polit­ics or in fic­tion or in law, to think about things us­ing both sides of the brain and be­ing as in­tern­ally dis­rupt­ive about my own ideas as I can be. When you do that, I think you find where your flaws are, where your mis­takes are made, but it also lets you get past the heav­i­ness of the con­ver­sa­tion. These are big things we're deal­ing with — abor­tion and poverty and crim­in­al justice. If you let your­self get bur­ied be­neath the heft of what you're try­ing to pur­sue, you'll nev­er get it done.
Why are these dif­fer­ent iden­tit­ies im­port­ant to you? Why don't you de­vote your­self to one thing?
If I lose my lead­er­ship, if I lose an elec­tion, if I get fired from a job, I've got mul­tiple backup plans. But more than that, who I am is not tied to any of those things, so I'm not go­ing to make — or do my best not to make — dumb choices try­ing to hold onto one of those things. I'm not go­ing to sac­ri­fice my eth­ics to stay the lead­er, be­cause if I lose this for some reas­on, there's something else I can do. And if our busi­ness fails, I'm not go­ing to make dumb choices about cook­ing the books, be­cause I know I can start an­oth­er busi­ness. All of these things work to­geth­er to give me op­tions, and when you have op­tions, you can make smarter choices.
Mexican actor Naian González Norvind will join the Gotham TV show on FOX, for season three. Variety reports they will recur as Alice Tetch, the younger sister of Jervis (The Mad Hatter), played by Benedict Samuel.
The report says, “Alice was born with a powerful ability that they cannot control — an ability their brother believes is a gift, but that they have always seen as a curse. As such, they have spent much of their life alone, running from their brother — who will stop at nothing to be reunited in hopes of unleashing their gift on the world.”
González Norvind played Chrissie Watkins on Blue Bloods in the 2015 episode, “Backstabbers” on CBS.
What do you think Alice's power is? Do you plan to watch the third season of Gotham on FOX? Let us know, below.
FORMER Newport County AFC star Regan Poole has earned their first call-up to the Wales under-21 squad.
Geraint Williams has named four replacements for their squad ahead of the crucial qualifying matches against Denmark and Luxembourg in early September.
Another former Exiles star, Lee Evans, is one of three players to drop out due to injury along with Adam Henley and Joe Wright.
Tom Lawrence has been brought into the senior squad by Chris Coleman.
And Manchester United youngster Poole, who swapped Rodney Parade for Old Trafford 12 months ago, has been added to the under-21s squad along with Joe Rodon (Swansea City), goalkeeper Connor Roberts (Bristol Rovers) and Jake Charles (Huddersfield Town).
Wales take to the field at Wrexham to face Denmark on Friday, September 2 (kick-off 5pm) before heading to Bangor for the match against Luxembourg on Tuesday, September 6 (kick-off 5pm).
President Donald Trump on Sunday maintained that voter fraud is still a major issue though they have not provided evidence to back up the claim, saying "many people have come out and said I'm right."
"We can be babies, but you take a look at the registration," Trump said during an interview with Fox News' Bill O'Reilly that aired before the Super Bowl. "You have illegals, you have dead people, you have this. It's really a bad situation. It's really bad."
Trump also repeated their promise to investigate voter fraud, saying they would put Vice President Mike Pence in charge of a commission to look at the issue carefully.
Trump has repeatedly said that 3 million people voted illegally in the November 8 presidential election.
Trump, who was spending the weekend at their Mar-a-Lago resort in Palm Beach, Florida, captured the presidency by winning enough of the state-by-state Electoral College votes to defeat Democrat Hillary Clinton.
Still, Clinton won the popular vote by nearly 3 million votes, piling up an overwhelming majority in deeply Democratic states like California.
Trump also told O'Reilly that Americans can likely expect a tax cut by the end of the year as well as a replacement for Obamacare.
"Maybe it will take till sometime into next year, but we are certainly going to be in the process," Trump said. "Very complicated. Obamacare is a disaster. You have to remember, Obamacare doesn't work. So we are putting in a wonderful plan. It statutorily takes a while to get. We're going to be putting it in fairly soon. I think that, yes, I would like to say by the end of the year at least the rudiments, but we should have something within the year and the following year. "
Trump also talked about the Iran nuclear deal, calling it the worst deal the U.S. has ever negotiated, and said they had respect for Russian President Vladimir Putin, comments that were criticized by fellow Republicans.
"I think it's shame that we have had a deal like that and that we had to sign a deal like that," Trump said of the Iran deal. "And there was no reason to do it. If you're going to do it, have a good deal. We gave them $1.7 billion in cash which is unheard of. And we put the money up. And we have really nothing to show for it."
On Putin, Trump asked whether the U.S. was innocent when O'Reilly called Putin a killer.
"There are a lot of killers. Lot of killers. You think our country's so innocent? You think our country is so innocent?" Trump said, to which O'Reilly responded "I don't know of any government leaders that are killers."
"Take a look at what we've done, too,” Trump said. “We've made a lot of mistakes. I've been against the war in Iraq since the beginning. A lot of people were killed. A lot of killers around, believe me."
We know Lyle Bento (center) can cook, but can they make a decent cocktail? At Monday night's fundraiser at Southern Goods, they have a chance to prove it. (Photo from Bento's Iron Fork Competition win at the 2016 Houston Press Menu of Menus Extravaganza.)
Updated, 4/28/2016, 10:12 a.m.: Unfortunately, due to the massive rain and flooding in the Houston area, chef Lyle Bento reports this event will have to be rescheduled.
Have you ever had an annoying co-worker, employee or boss who always seems to have a “helpful” suggestion on how you could do your job better? Alternately, maybe they insinuate that they could do your job.
Well, that's a pretty common situation in restaurants. The wait staff has ideas on how the kitchen should season dishes or how fast they should be ready. The kitchen staff thinks being a server is much easier than cooking, and so on.
As the Very Large Crude Carrier (VLCC) docked at Paradip Port in Odisha on Monday to unload its 1.6 million barrels of shale oil, history was created. This was the first time since the US allowed exports of its oil after a ban of 40 years that it has supplied to India. But the move is significant in many other ways than just the symbolism attached to it.
India and other Asian countries were dependent to a large extent on oil production in west Asia by the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC). Because of the proximity to Asian economies, these OPEC countries charged a premium for the oil they supplied.
Taking into account that the cost of transportation from any other major oil producing countries would be prohibitive, OPEC countries got away with this. India has been raising the issue of the premium with OPEC countries over the last three years. Being the third-largest oil consumer, India demanded at a meeting of OPEC members and non-members that the premium be removed. The minister of petroleum and natural gas, Dharmendra Pradhan, said at the meeting that the global oil industry stood at a delicate crossroads and that any attempt to frustrate or assign lower importance to Indian demand would be detrimental to the suppliers.
While the OPEC nations were still deliberating on the action to be taken, India moved ahead by ordering its first consignment of 2 million barrels of shale oil for around USD 100 million. This move again was not just symbolic in order to put pressure on the OPEC countries, but it made economic sense, too.
As the cartel of OPEC nations was trying to keep oil prices higher by deliberately cutting production, US oil fields were firing on all cylinders. As a result of higher supply, the spread between Dubai Oil and those from Brent and WTI (West Texas Intermediate) fields fell in favour of the western oil fields. This made importing oil from the US cheaper than those from west Asia.
The government played an important role in bringing transportation costs down as it eased restrictions on importing oil compulsorily through ships owned by Indian companies. Using a VLCC to transport oil reduced the cost of transportation and made the decision economically viable.
The refiner, in this case, Indian Oil Corporation (IOC), benefited not only from the lower price of crude but also from a better quality of the oil. Shale oil, also known as tight oil, gives the best yield for the most lucrative middle distillates. In other words, the gross refining margins (GRM) of refineries will improve if the shale oil is used. Little wonder then that Reliance Industries too has booked 1 million barrels of WTI and Eagle Ford crude each.
Finally, the geopolitical benefit that India gains by purchasing US crude also needs to be taken into account. The deal to buy US oil was struck in a meeting between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and US President Donald Trump. For India, importing crude oil also helps in bringing down the USD 24-billion trade deficit which Trump has been pointing to in their attack on India's impact on US jobs.
In the context of around 1,500 million barrels of oil imported by India, the present import is too small to move the needle, but it is surely going to turn heads in the OPEC world as the cartel struggles to find new markets and environmental awareness puts pressure on oil demand.
(Disclosure : Reliance Industries Ltd. is the sole beneficiary of Independent Media Trust which controls Network18 Media & Investments Ltd.)
New Wii U bundle includes ZombiU Nintendo is launching a Wii U "ZombiU Bundle" on February 17. It will cost $389.99 and includes the Deluxe console, game, Pro controller, Nintendo Land download, and a booklet of artwork and developer commentary.
ZombiU is an original, M-rated title on a system that launched with mostly ports and family-friendly games. (Also, it's quite good! - Ed) The Ubisoft game now also shares the distinction of becoming the headliner in the first bundle since the system launched.
The ZombiU bundle will release in North America on February 17. It features a Wii U Deluxe Set with Digital Deluxe promotion, ZombiU game, a black Wii U Pro Controller, and a booklet with artwork and developer commentary. Nintendo Land will still be included in the set, but as a download code instead of a disc.
It will cost $389.99, which Nintendo touts as a savings of $70 if you bought all of its elements separately.
Story highlights Study: Couples who spend less on their wedding have longer-lasting marriages
A similar correlation was found between cheaper engagement rings and lower divorce rates
The research was based on a survey completed by 3,151 ever-married adults in the U.S.
If you're serving burgers and Bud Light at your backyard wedding, don't worry. You and your spouse may have the last laugh.
A new study found that couples who spend less on their wedding tend to have longer-lasting marriages than those who splurge. The study, by two economics professors at Emory University , found a similar correlation between less-expensive engagement rings and lower divorce rates.
The study's authors didn't examine why, although they floated a few theories.
"It could be that the type of couples who have a ... (cheap wedding) are the type that are a perfect match for each other," said Professor Hugo M. Mialon, who co-authored the study with Andrew M. Francis.
"Or it could be that having an inexpensive wedding relieves young couples of financial burdens that may strain their marriage," they said.
The research was based on a detailed survey completed by 3,151 adults in the United States who are, or have been, married. The authors believe theirs is the first academic study to examine the correlation between wedding expenses and the length of marriages.
Photos: How to split the wedding tab Photos: How to split the wedding tab How to split the wedding tab – Weddings: they're all Champagne toasts and rose petals a-plenty -- at least until the bills start rolling in. Eliminate any awkwardness or unexpected expenses up front by figuring out who is responsible for footing each part with some guidance from Martha Stewart Weddings. Hide Caption 1 of 10 Photos: How to split the wedding tab How to split the wedding tab – Engagement Party -- Anyone can host, but usually it falls to the bride's family to pay. Hide Caption 2 of 10 Photos: How to split the wedding tab How to split the wedding tab – Engagement Announcement -- The bride's parents should pay for placement in local papers and papers in the groom's parents' distribution area if they live in a different region. Hide Caption 3 of 10 Photos: How to split the wedding tab How to split the wedding tab – Planning expenses, bride's attire, floral arrangements, wedding day transportation, photo and video, officiant's travel and lodging, lodging for bridesmaids -- This usually falls to the bride's family. Hide Caption 4 of 10 Photos: How to split the wedding tab How to split the wedding tab – Flowers and gifts for bridal attendants, the groom's ring, and a present for them -- The bride. Hide Caption 5 of 10 Photos: How to split the wedding tab How to split the wedding tab – Wedding Reception -- Sorry, bride's family, but you're traditionally on the hook for this, too. Hide Caption 6 of 10 Photos: How to split the wedding tab How to split the wedding tab – Corsages and boutonnieres for immediate members of both families, lodging of groom's attendants -- This one falls to the groom's family. Hide Caption 7 of 10 Photos: How to split the wedding tab How to split the wedding tab – Rehearsal Dinner -- The groom's family. Hide Caption 8 of 10 Photos: How to split the wedding tab How to split the wedding tab – Marriage license and officiant's fees, bride's bouquet and their engagement and wedding rings and a gift, gifts and boutonnieres for groom's attendants, honeymoon expenses -- Groom, that's all you. Hide Caption 9 of 10 Photos: How to split the wedding tab How to split the wedding tab – Alcohol and Flowers -- In some circles, the groom's family may pick up these expenses. Hide Caption 10 of 10
Specifically, the study found that women whose wedding cost more than $20,000 divorced at a rate roughly 1.6 times higher than women whose wedding cost between $5,000 and $10,000. And couples who spent $1,000 or less on their big day had a lower than average rate of divorce.
The study won't be cheered by the booming wedding industry, which encourages couples to spend freely on everything from invitations and flowers to videographers and Champagne. Couples in the United States spent an average of $29,858 for their big day in 2013 -- a record high -- according to a survey of 13,000 brides and grooms by wedding website TheKnot.com.
"The wedding industry has long associated lavish weddings with longer-lasting marriages. Industry advertising has fueled norms that create the impression that spending large amounts on the wedding is a signal of commitment or is necessary for a marriage to be successful," Francis told CNN in an e-mail.
"Overall, our findings provide little evidence to support the validity of the wedding industry's general message that connects expensive weddings with positive marital outcomes," they said.
Planning a wedding? In addition to slashing costs, you might want to invite those extra co-workers and far-flung cousins, too. The Emory study also found that the greater the number of people who attend a wedding, the lower the rate of divorce.
"This could be evidence of a community effect, i.e., having more support from friends and family may help the couple to get through the challenges of marriage," Francis said. "Or this could be that the type of couples who have a lot of friends and family are also the type that tend not to divorce as much."
TOKYO — The stricken Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant came a lot closer to a full “China Syndrome” meltdown than previous company analyses had indicated, though there is no danger of further damage now, plant operator Tokyo Electric Power Co. (TEPCO) said Wednesday.
The nuclear fuel rods in reactor No. 1 likely melted completely, TEPCO and the Japanese government said for the first time — burning a hole through one surrounding vessel and eating through up to three-quarters of the concrete base at the bottom of a second containment vessel meant as a last barrier between the radioactive core and the outside world.
That brought the fuel closer than previously believed to breaching the containment vessel and continuing to burn through the ground below — a catastrophic scenario sometimes described as the “China Syndrome,” from the fanciful notion, popularized in a US film by the same name, that in a catastrophic meltdown, molten reactor fuel could sink through the earth until it reached China.
Earlier, TEPCO had said only that it thought unit No. 1's fuel was more than half melted, and that some had fallen into the containment vessel.
The findings are the latest reminder of how dangerous the mid-March accident at Fukushima Daiichi was and how much remains unknown. They result from separate TEPCO and government analyses of the latest data on radiation and temperature readings around the reactors, which has helped TEPCO get a better idea of where the fuel is at the three units whose cores partially melted down.
TEPCO said the damage in units No. 2 and No. 3 was less severe than in No. 1, although some fuel did burn through their surrounding vessels to the concrete base of their containment vessels. In all three units, the fuel has now cooled to below the critical temperature of 100 degrees Celsius (212 degrees Fahrenheit), and thus poses no further threat, officials said.
To read more, go to The Wall Street Journal.
Marital Bliss Calculator
By: Steve Saka
SECRET FORMULA for MARITAL BLISS
================================
Let me explain how this works...
((ACP + SCP/4)/YM) + 15% = GFW
Above is the SECRET formula for keeping your wife sated regarding your cigar purchases. Here are the details:
ACP = accountable cigar purchases - these are the purchases that your wife knows about in full such as purchases you made in their presence, ones with a credit card trail, etc.
SCP = secret cigar purchases - these are the purchases that you manage to sneak in under their dollar sensing radar. Cash only, no bags, they never sees them enter the domicile - you know the drill.
YM = years married
GFW = Gifts for Wife
First step is to total the value of the ACP with a 1/4th of the SCP. Why even claim a fourth of the SCP? For two reasons, one your wife is no idiot, and they know damn well that you are buying cigars behind them back so it is best to admit to a 1/4 of the real number outright as a sign of good faith. Also it is an excellent decoy to prevent them from investigating deeper - trust me on this you don't want them to pull out CA and start totaling the retail value of your collection from the dollar marks listed in the rating section!
Now take that number and divided it by the years married, as a newlywed they are getting a hell of a return, but it will diminish quickly over the years. Ask them about this concept, I am pretty sure they will agree.
Finally add 15% to the total. Why? Because you are really a good guy, and you want to be fair. :>
So lets see this in action for a 3K a year cigar habit after 3 years of marriage:
$1,800.00 ACP $1,200.00 SCP / 4 ========= $2,100.00 / 3 ========= $ 700.00
+ 15% = $805.00 GFW
Basically to keep your lovely wife at bay you must buy their $805.00 worth of extra non-holiday no-strings attached gifts during the course of the year. This will keep them from ripping your head off regarding your cigar purchases. Now I know this seems pretty steep, but keep in mind once you are married twelve years the number drops to a measly $201.25. Trust me my friend this will be the best money ever spent - the formula WORKS!
Steve Saka
http://www.cigarnexus.com
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Top Republicans from Congress and the Trump administration vowed on Tuesday to complete tax reform by the end of 2017, despite party infighting and political distractions from investigations of alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 election.
In a speech to U.S. manufacturers, House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said President Donald Trump and the Republican-controlled Congress hoped to complete the job in the autumn, with a new tax system in place by the beginning of 2018.
The goal is to get tax legislation to the floor of Congress during the first two weeks of September, Trump economic adviser Gary Cohn told technology industry representatives at the White House.
Republicans are promising the biggest tax overhaul since the Reagan era, saying a simplified system with tax cuts for individuals and businesses, along with reforms to eliminate taxes on the foreign profits of U.S. corporations, can boost economic growth and create jobs.
Independent analysts say there is no evidence that tax cuts drive long-term economic growth. Democrats contend that the Republican tax measures are designed to benefit wealthier Americans.
“I am here to tell you we are going to get this done in 2017. Why are we going to get this done in 2017? Because we need to get this done in 2017,” Ryan told a conference hosted by the National Association of Manufacturers, a powerful Washington lobby group.
“This will create jobs. That is what this is all about, jobs, jobs, jobs, good-paying jobs,” they said.
Speaker of the House Paul Ryan introduces their new tax policy at the National Association of Manufacturers Summit in Washington, U.S., June 20, 2017. REUTERS/Aaron P. Bernstein
The effort has drawn warnings and criticism from Democrats. Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer said Republican moves to grant new tax breaks to the wealthy could jeopardize Democratic support for an increase in the government's borrowing authority later this year.
Shortly after Ryan's speech, House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi's office called their remarks “a poor attempt to distract” from a lack of Republican initiatives on job creation.
TOP CAMPAIGN PLEDGE
The Trump administration and Republicans in Congress face mounting pressure from U.S. businesses and their electoral base to deliver tax reform, a top 2016 campaign pledge that could determine whether Republicans retain control of Congress in the 2018 midterm elections.
It was not clear whether Republicans can overcome infighting over healthcare legislation and government spending to move forward on tax reform.
Earlier in the day, Vice President Mike Pence assured the same audience that tax reform would be done this year, in remarks echoed by Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin in a CNBC television interview.
Ryan and Mnuchin are among six officials trying to craft a tax deal in closed-door discussions with Cohn, Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell and the Republican chairpeople of two tax committees.
Slideshow (2 Images)
“We're comparing and contrasting various versions of reform to get the best possible one that gives us the lowest possible rates and most internationally competitive tax system, and the best one we can pass,” Ryan told CNBC after their speech.
The Nasdaq Composite .IXIC is up nearly 20 percent while the S&P 500 .SPX has added 14 percent since Trump's election in November, as investors bet they would spark economic growth by cutting taxes and boosting infrastructure spending.
The Trump administration and Republican leaders in Congress have agreed that tax reform should eliminate estate and alternative minimum taxes, both levies on the wealthy. They also want to allow U.S. corporations to repatriate trillions of dollars in profits held overseas at a reduced tax rate and eliminate taxes on future foreign profits.
Rehoming and adoption
Who will you find to rehome?
They might be the dog who runs over and has a sniff, or the cat who comes to sit beside you. You never know who you'll meet and bond with.
Because you can't choose the perfect pet. You find each other.
Start your search for a pet to adopt today
Most of our rehomed pets aren't puppies or kittens. They're loud, quiet, fluffy, big, small, or even three-legged. They come with a personality ready-made, a past that's unique to them and a lot of love to give.
Now it's up to you to give the animals in our care the loving home they deserve.
Why adopt from one of our animal shelters?
Many of the animals in our care have never experienced life in a loving, family home. Can you give one of our animals the happy future they deserve?
Start your search for a special pet today.
There are many sites that offer kittens for sale or dogs for free, but buying a pet online can be risky and could mean you end up paying huge veterinary bills.
All our our dogs and cats will come spayed or snipped, vaccinated and microchipped. And, to help your pet in their time of need why not consider getting RSPCA Pet Insurance?
Sponsor an animal's stay
Whilst waiting to meet you, your new family member is getting all the care they need in one of our animal centres. And they're not alone. We have plenty of hungry mouths to feed and you can help.
Sponsor a dog kennel or cat pod and help other animals in our care find their way home.
Become a sponsor today
Though Marvel tried to keep it under wraps, the new director's identity has been revealed. EW can officially confirm that Jason O'Mara is playing Jeffrey Mace, otherwise known in the comics as the Patriot. (Ahem.)
Created in the 1940s, when they first appeared in The Human Torch #4, the Patriot was a former reporter who was inspired by Captain America to become a superhero, despite their own lack of powers. Mace founded the Liberty Legion and eventually became the third Captain America.
As the show tends to do, Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. has put a twist on the character by infusing them with powers and turning the Patriot into an Inhuman. That's exactly why they got the top job at S.H.I.E.L.D., because Coulson (Clark Gregg) suggested that the new director should be a powered person the public could trust, especially in the wake of Steve Rogers, a.k.a. Captain America, going AWOL.
“We are excited to have the Patriot joining our show, a character who has existed in Marvel Comics for 70 years,” executive producers Jed Whedon and Maurissa Tancharoen tell EW. “Jason O'Mara brings a perfect balance of charm, mystery, heroism and humor.”
Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. airs Tuesdays at 10 p.m. ET on ABC.
Politics took a back seat this week as Hurricane Harvey devastated southeastern Texas, dropping more than 50 inches of rain in some locations and killing more than three dozen people. Officials are just beginning to assess the damage inflicted by the storm, which is expected to total in the tens of billions of dollars and will further complicate a crowded legislative agenda this September.
President Donald Trump's week was subdued, by their standard. They visited Texas on Tuesday, though avoided the afflicted regions where recovery efforts are ongoing, and then began their public push for tax reform with a speech in Missouri on Wednesday, tough on Congress but light on details.
Beyond the West Wing, most government agencies were focused on Harvey, dedicating resources and manpower to assist in the recovery efforts. There just wasn't much time to finalize and roll out new policies. But it wasn't all quiet, as agencies from the Department of Justice to Department of Labor managed to issue some real policy changes that didn't get much attention behind the flood news. Here's how Trump changed policy this week:
1. Police can buy military equipment again
In August, 2014, after the fatal police shooting of Michael Brown, the streets of Ferguson, Missouri, looked something like a war zone as protesters set fires and police responded with camo-clad snipers and armored vehicles the result of a decades-long program allowing local law enforcement agencies to receive surplus military equipment.
The controversial image of police rolling in on their own citizens like an army roused Obama into action. Nine months later, their administration prohibited the transfer of certain equipment, such as grenade launchers and armored vehicles, to local police departments and limited the transfer of other items such as drones, riot gear and explosives. Such equipment, the administration determined, didn't serve a purpose for local law enforcement agencies. "Some equipment made for the battlefield is not appropriate for local police departments,” Obama said.
On Monday, Trump rescinded the Obama-era executive order limiting the transfer of surplus military equipment to local law enforcement agencies. Now police departments can again buy previously restricted guns, ammunition, and riot gear, as well as other military-style equipment like grenade launchers, according to a Department of Justice fact sheet. The changes are a victory for local law enforcement agencies that believe the equipment helps keep their officers—and the public—safe. But it was sharply criticized by civil liberties groups and even received some pushback from Republicans like Sen. Rand Paul. “It is one thing for federal officials to work with local authorities to reduce or solve crime,” Paul said, “but it is another for them to subsidize militarization.”
2. Trump nixes an Obama policy to reduce pay discrimination
Last year, the Obama administration made a final attempt to reduce the racial and gender pay gaps, finalizing changes to a form—the EEO-1—that requires employers to report workplace demographics. Under the revised form, employers with more than 100 workers would have to report pay data by race, ethnicity and gender. The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the agency responsible for the form changes, could have then used the data to launch an investigation into discrimination. The changes were set to take effect March 2018.
But this week, the White House directed the EEOC to stop the changes and instead use the original EEO-1 form, saying the changes “lack practical utility, are unnecessarily burdensome, and do not adequately address privacy and confidentiality issues.” Labor and civil rights groups criticized the roll-back, arguing that the new form was a crucial means to get employers to address continued unfair pay disparities. Business groups praised the move, saying the form changes created an unnecessary paperwork burden that would ultimately hurt growth and wages.
3. The fiduciary standard gets delayed for more than a year
One of Obama's final financial reforms was the “fiduciary standard,” a dry-sounding policy that essentially means stockbrokers can't put their own interests ahead of their clients'. In May, Labor Secretary Alexander Acosta announced in a Wall Street Journal op-ed that they would let the fiduciary standard take effect as planned on June 9. But that wasn't the full story: Only some parts of the rule, which requires financial advisers to act in the best interests of their clients, took effect on that date; the rest of the rule takes effect on January 1, and it quickly became clear that Acosta wasn't going to let that happen.
First, at the end of June, they asked for information from the public about changing the law. Then, this week, the DOL published a proposed rule delaying the effective date 18 months, until July 1, 2019. This wasn't a surprise: in a court filing earlier this month, the agency said it had proposed an 18-month delay. This is just a proposed rule, so the agency must still accept comments and issue a final regulation. But it's clear that Acosta intends to delay, and likely substantively reform, the fiduciary rule. In the meantime, the agency said earlier this year that it wouldn't actually enforce the portions of the rule that took effect in June—meaning, in effect, the rule has now been mostly mothballed.
4. Trump's trade fights with Canada continue
During their presidential campaign, Trump railed against China's trade practices—but they haven't done much to improve them since taking office, breaking their promise to name Beijing a currency manipulator and delaying investigations into steel imports from China. Instead, they have targeted a friendly country much closer to home: Canada. They have, for example, reopened NAFTA negotiations with Canada and Mexico and imposed duties on certain Canadian products, including lumber.
This week, the trade fight with Canada took a bit of a surprising turn when the Commerce Department delayed preliminary antidumping duties on certain Canadian lumber companies to give the two countries additional time to negotiate a settlement. In effect, the delay temporarily lifts the 7 percent to 8 percent duties that Commerce had imposed earlier this summer. The agency must make a final determination on the duties by November 14. In less surprising news, on Thursday, Commerce opened an investigation into certain types of Canadian paper, the first step toward imposing penalties for unfair trade practices.
Neither of these trade moves is especially important to the economy, but they are additional evidence that Trump's trade agenda, so far, is far softer than the bombastic threats they leveled on the campaign trail. Together with their limited actions against Chinese trade policy, their agenda appears almost … conventional.
5. The diplomatic rift with Russia continues
Trump entered office hoping to improve relations with Russia, saying it was “absolutely possible” to ease tensions with Moscow. But the relationship has only spiraled downward as Trump has faced multiple investigations into potential collusion between Trump campaign officials and the Russian government. Things are only getting worse: After Trump reluctantly signed into law new sanctions against Russia, President Vladimir Putin reacted angrily, ordering the U.S. to cut its diplomatic staff in Russia by 755 people.
This week, the Trump administration responded by forcing Russia to close three diplomatic compounds, located in San Francisco, Washington, D.C., and New York City. The State Department, in announcing the retaliation, issued a sharply worded statement, saying the initial Russian action was “unwarranted and detrimental to the overall relationship between our countries.” The move is just the latest sign that Moscow and Washington aren't on better terms, even with Trump in the White House.
Here's a quick quiz, readers: how many people have died as a result of the disaster at the Fukushima nuclear reactor?
If you answered in the thousands, you're way off. If you answered zero, you're closer, but not quite right either.
The correct, but rarely seen answer is five: one man who became trapped in the console of a crane during the earthquake, two who were swept away by the tsunami and a clean up worker who suffered from a heart attack. Another man reportedly died suddenly in October. Although the company is not revealing the cause of death, they say it was not related to radiation. The entire toll from the earthquake and tsunami, remember, is estimated to be in the region of 20,000.
While it is not yet over, and radioactivity continues to come out of the devastated plant, the good news is that there are still precisely zero deaths attributable to the release of radiation at the plant, and on the basis of doses received, zero are expected.
Only two workers were hospitalised because of radiation exposure after their clothes were soaked while standing in contaminated water. The contamination occurred because they were not wearing rubber boots, but they were released from hospital within four days.
No effects on health or significant contamination cases have been identified among the general public evacuated from the area.
This is despite the fact that the accident has devastated the plant, and involved fires, explosions, and releases of radioactivity (including the release of the much over-feared element, plutonium) large enough to rate a 7 on the international scale, supposedly making it equivalent to Chernobyl.
Large amounts of radioactive material have been washed into the sea, which may cause a contamination problem for some time, but is essentially a great place for radioactive elements to go, because water is one of the best shields for radioactivity.
(Do you remember the radiation scare that happened when the Russian nuclear submarine, The Kursk sank to the bottom of the ocean? No? That would be because there wasn't one.)
The contamination of fish may be a long term problem, but this is no different, for example, to Sydney Harbour where people are forbidden from consuming fish caught west of the bridge because of heavy metal contamination.
In the meantime, the Japanese have lost about 10 per cent of their power, and when it is all over, face the very interesting question of how to replace the lost capacity.
This article from Forbes magazine gives an interesting overview, however I am sceptical about the costs they have provided for various options. Australia is building a modern 900 megawatt coal fired power station for $1.25 billion, meaning that Japan should be able to produce 6000 megawatts for something like $8.5 billion, rather than the claimed $30 billion. If that figure is not right, I'm not vouching for the others, either.
According to the article, wind and solar energy require large areas of space that the Japanese simply don't have. When you think about it, the 80,000 and 100,000 acres required uses up nearly as much land as currently evacuated because of the Fukushima accident.
With the exception of the 40-year-old Fukushima plant, Japan's aging fleet of nuclear reactors withstood one of the worst earthquakes and tsunamis in the nation's history remarkably well. In the light of lessons that have been learnt, new reactors can be engineered to prevent a recurrence of the Fukushima accident.
Other than financial considerations, the Japanese have no logical reason not to replace the Fukushima plant with new, safer nuclear reactors.
We present new splitting methods designed for the numerical integration of near-integrable Hamiltonian systems, and in particular for planetary N-body problems, when one is interested in very accurate results over a large time span. We derive in a systematic way an independent set of necessary and sufficient conditions to be satisfied by the coefficients of splitting methods to achieve a prescribed order of accuracy. Splitting methods satisfying such (generalized) order conditions are appropriate in particular for the numerical simulation of the Solar System described in Jacobi coordinates. We show that, when using Poincaré Heliocentric coordinates, the same order of accuracy may be obtained by imposing an additional polynomial equation on the coefficients of the splitting method. We construct several splitting methods appropriate for each of the two sets of coordinates by solving the corresponding systems of polynomial equations and finding the optimal solutions. The experiments reported here indicate that the efficiency of our new schemes is clearly superior to previous integrators when high accuracy is required.
Announced all the way back at CES in January, Kwikset has unveiled the Kevo Plus gateway accessory for its popular Bluetooth-enabled lock.
You can purchase the gateway directly from the Kevo site now for $69.99. There is no monthly service fee required. Once you plug the device into your router, you'll be able to unlock a door from virtually anywhere.
The companion Kevo app is designed for the iPhone/iPod touch and can be downloaded now on the App Store for free. It just received an update to version 1.4, adding compatibility with the Kevo Plus.
After the gateway is installed, you can use the app to monitor the status of your lock and be alerted when the door is locked or unlocked.
Here's a quick promo video about the service. Click here if you can't see it.
As for the lock itself, it is available in three different finishes – brass, nickel, and bronze. It's available at a number of outlets for a retail price of $199.99. You can snag the nickel or bronze version now from Amazon.com for $194.49.
I've been using the Kevo for a little more than a year on my front door and have generally been pleased with the entire system. And keep an eye out as we'll be reviewing the Kevo Plus soon to see how it stacks up.
Just to note, the Kevo Plus doesn't seem to offer any type of compatibility with Apple's HomeKit protocol, which is disappointing.
Another popular system, the August Smart Lock, also features remote access. But the lock and gateway device cost around $40 more than the Kevo and Plus gateway.
For other recent accessory news and reviews, see: Lucrin's take on the Hermès Double Tour Band, Tylt's Energi Desktop Charging Station can charge up five USB devices at once, and Bowers & Wilkins unveils an updated version of its iconic Zeppelin speaker.
It's not exactly clear why America's military personnel are getting fatter. Could be that 15 years of war have weakened the focus on fitness. Could be that millennials, with their penchant for sedentary activities like playing video games and killing time on social media, aren't always up to the rigors of military life. Could be all the burgers, fries, cakes and pies served in chow halls around the world.
And maybe, too, the military is simply reflecting the nation's broader population, whose poor eating habits are fueling an alarming rise obesity rates.
This much is clear, though: Today's military is fatter than ever.
For the first time in years, the Pentagon has disclosed data indicating the number of troops its deems overweight, raising big questions about the health, fitness and readiness of today's force.
About 7.8 percent of the military — roughly one in every 13 troops — is clinically overweight, defined by a body mass-index greater than 25. This rate has crept upward since 2001, when it was just 1.6 percent, or one in 60, according to Defense Department data obtained by Military Times. And it's highest among women, blacks, Hispanics and older service members.
Compared to the U.S. civilian population, the rate of overweight troops is far smaller. About 70 percent of the adult American population is clinically overweight or obese, according to data from the U.S. Centers for Disease Control.
Defense Department health officials released the data after multiple requests from the Military Times. They did not provide service-specific data to show the rate of overweight troops specifically within the Army, Navy, Air Force and Marine Corps.
This disclosure comes at a time when top Pentagon health officials are rewriting forcewide guidelines for body composition standards and the methods for officially evaluating it. For individual troops, a diagnosis of obesity can stall a career or lead to involuntary separation, so these policies are central to military life.
Some Pentagon officials say the mounting signs of obesity are nothing to worry about. Yet others say obesity can be a life-and-death issue on the battlefield. Overweight troops may not move as quickly in ground combat, making them easier targets. And if they are wounded, it is more difficult for their buddies to pull them to safety.
"If I have to climb up to the top of a mountain in Nuristan, in Afghanistan, and if I have someone who is classified as clinically obese, they are potentially going to be a liability for me on that patrol," said Army Command Sgt. Maj. John Troxell, the military's top noncommissioned officer and the senior enlisted adviser to Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Joseph Dunford.
Troxell said today's force is combat ready, but they believe the obesity trends are troubling, and demand careful consideration from senior leaders. "I don't think it's a clear readiness concern right now. But I think it's something that needs our attention. And we really have to look across our services at what we're doing every morning or every day to prepare the men and women for what could be the worst day of their life," Troxell said in a recent interview.
Some military leaders worry that overweight troops could be a liability if they are wounded in combat. (Defense Department photo)
Top Pentagon health officials say the obesity increase is nothing to worry about. Dr. Terry Adirim, the deputy assistant secretary of defense for health services policy and oversight, suggested there may, in fact, be no real increase in obesity. They called it a "quote-unquote increase," and said the data may just reflect the fact military doctors are more aware of obesity and for that reason flagging it more often in official health records.
"A physician who is now more aware about nutrition and fitness, they may be diagnosing it more than previous years. ... You can't tell from these numbers exactly what it is that is accounting for these apparent increases," Adirim said.
The obesity data provided by the Pentagon is derived from health records, not the operational force's until-level testing for individual fitness assessments. Adirim rejected any concerns about military readiness and highlighted comparisons to the far higher obesity rates for the civilian population. "I'm not concerned about these numbers reflecting problems with fitness or readiness," they said. "In fact, I feel good that our military service members are well below the general population when it comes to BMI measurement that are overweight and obese."
Military health officials caution against placing too much emphasis on body mass-index scores, which simply evaluate an individual's height and weight to flag those who might have unhealthy levels of body fat.
The BMI measurement is often criticized as a blunt tool that wrongly identifies body builders with heavy muscle mass as being fat, and misses flabby and unfit people who happen to have lanky body types.
"You cannot extrapolate directly to say that, because a BMI may be higher, that person then is unhealthy and therefore they will not be ready for combat," said Dr. Donald Shell, the Pentagon's director of Disease Prevention, Disease Management and Population Health Policy and Oversight office.
THE GENDER GAP IS SHRINKING
Military women are more likely to be designated overweight or fat compared to military men. In 2015, 10.3 percent of military woman were flagged as overweight, compared to 7.3 percent of men. But that gender gap is shrinking as the rates of overweight males has increased more rapidly. In 2001, about one in 77 men was deemed fat, compared to about one in 30 women. Now the comparison between males and females is far less dramatic as the latest data shows one in 14 men is overweight, compared to one in 10 women,
Even combat troops are getting fatter. On average, those assigned to combat units are not as likely to be overweight as the force at large. In 2001, only about one in every 100 service members assigned to combat arms career fields was flagged for being overweight. Now, it's about one in 15.
OIL does not just provide the fuel that powers the internal-combustion engines in cars. Its by-products are also the basis of many of the materials, such as plastics, from which cars are made. One of these petroleum by-products is isoprene. This is used to make the synthetic rubber in car tyres. About a billion tyres are made every year—each one requiring about 26 litres (or seven American gallons) of oil. Now a way has been found to make greener tyres by using genetically modified bugs to produce isoprene biologically.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
The work is being carried out by Genencor, an industrial biotech company based in California, in collaboration with Goodyear, one of the world's biggest tyremakers. In the laboratory Genencor has produced enough of what it calls BioIsoprene for Goodyear to build and successfully test prototype tyres made with the new material. Genencor is now completing a dedicated pilot factory which will be used to develop a mass-production process, which could be operating commercially around 2015.
Isoprene is a monomer, which is a substance whose molecules can be linked together chemically to form a polymer. Latex, a material obtained from rubber trees, is a natural polymer of isoprene. Isoprene can also be artificially polymerised to make synthetic rubber. Tyres are made of a combination of natural and synthetic rubber to provide the grip and endurance required by carmakers. Typically around a quarter of each tyre is made from isoprene derived from petrochemicals, and about 60% of worldwide isoprene production is used by tyremakers. The rest goes into making other products, including glues, disposable nappies and surgical gloves.
Genencor used a genetically modified form of E-coli, a favourite species of bacteria in microbial genetics, to produce BioIsoprene. By splicing in genes from other bugs, the company was able to engineer synthetic metabolic pathways—ones that do not exist in nature—that enable the bacteria to produce isoprene from the sugars found in plant materials such as sugar cane, corn cobs and switchgrass, a tall-growing variety native to North America. The modified organism ferments sugars in the biomass to produce isoprene, in such a way that it bubbles out as a gas. This makes it easier to collect and purify compared with separating it out from a liquid. Isoprene needs to be extremely pure to make synthetic rubber.
Having the flexibility to use different crops and agricultural by-products as the feedstock for the process is important, says Karl Sanford of Genencor. The company wanted to avoid the contentious issue of using crops that might otherwise provide food. Moreover, supply chains for biomass are still being developed, so the availability of feedstock will change.
Research is continuing into using other micro-organisms, such as yeast, which might be engineered to create similar metabolic pathways. If biologically derived isoprene becomes more widely available, Mr Sanford thinks, industry could find additional uses for it. And if production costs end up being as low as the company hopes, isoprene might itself become a feedstock from which to produce synthetic fuels, such as petrol or diesel. So as well as helping build cars in a more environmentally friendly way, it might eventually help power them in a greener way, too.
Shorah friends
Happy #Myst25 day! Myst was first released 25 years ago today, and we thought we'd add to the celebrations by announcing a new project we're working on: Global Mysterium Day.
(We're still working on the name… Mass Mysteria, maybe?)
We often get messages like “you should bring Mysterium to X city,” or “will Mysterium ever come to Europe/Australia/etc?” We would love to bring Mysterium to every major North American city, but as an all-volunteer organization it's just not possible. As for other countries, we're always happy to give advice and support to any group trying to organize a Myst convention/gathering, but it's such a daunting task that no one really wants to take it on.
In the past, it's been a tradition for local groups to plan “mini-Mysterium” gatherings: local fans would all agree to meet in a nearby city on a specific date and time. Maybe they'd explore museums, or grab a bite to eat, or just sit in a park and nerd out about Myst. These mini-Mysteria were a way to meet and hang out with other Myst fans for a day without all the work of putting together a big convention.
We thought it's about time we bring that back in a more significant form, to help people all over the world connect with other local Myst fans. Not everyone can travel to Mysterium, but maybe we can bring a little piece of Mysterium to everyone. And we need your help to organize it!
Our Role
We will pick a date and time sometime next year (probably a Saturday somewhere between February and April). Next, we'll help build a list of local fans who will lead the groups in their cities. Then, we'll publish the list of cities/meeting places and help get the news out to as many fans as possible.
On the selected day, groups around the world will meet up with other local Myst fans. We'll provide suggestions for activities, possibly some puzzle packets or a fun photo scavenger hunt, but ultimately what you do is up to you and your local group. After it's all over, we'll aggregate stories and photos so the whole Myst community can see what different cities did during the day.
What We Need From You
We need three things from you:
First, signup for news about Global Mysterium here. We promise emails will be infrequent and not spammy.
Second, spread the news! This only works if we get as many people as possible to show up. Our posts reach a lot of Myst fans, but we know there are plenty more who don't follow us because they can't make it to our normal conventions. So help us by spreading this post around to every Myst fan you know!
Third, volunteer to help lead your local Mysterium group. This isn't going to be a ton of work, but we need to have a local contact for each city we include in our list. You'll be responsible for helping to pick a good meeting location, and we may ask you to share contact information so that folks who get lost can find your group on the day of the event. If that sounds like something you'd like to do, fill out this quick form here, and we'll be in touch.
This hasn't really been tried before within our community, so we're figuring things out as we go. We'll have more details for you as we get closer to the event, so stay tuned. We may even get some Cyan involvement, but we can't promise anything just yet. If you have any questions, comments, or suggestions, you can always contact us through our website here.
Other News
We're still working away behind the scenes on Mysterium 2019. Odo is doing their hotel dance, and we're lining up some very special guests that we hope to announce in a few months.
Also, we know many people were interested in buying the exclusive pins we made for Mysterium 2018.
We have some left, so we're selling them in sets of 3 for $20. We won't be making them again, so if you want a set you should grab them while you can! You can find the store here: http://store.mysterium.net/. (We wish we could sell them to everyone, but unfortunately we are only able to ship them within the US)
That's all for now. Until next time,
-Taniith
Your friendly neighborhood Esher
via Mysterium.net
"The phrase 'teen hottie' literally makes me want to throw up," teen pop sensation Lorde has said in an interview with the New York Times.
Lorde, real name Ella Yelich-O'Connor, spoke to the newspaper about their image, the lyrics of their songs and about not being the typical pop princess.
"Teenagers are more complex than people think,” they said.
Lorde wrote all the lyrics for their debut album Pure Heroine. The lyrics talk of small town New Zealand suburban boredom, teenage life and not being part of a world of material extravagance.
Lorde told the paper that even their producer Joel Little didn't understand some of the lyrics.
“I think that half of the album, they have no idea to this day what I'm talking about.”
They were also asked about their deliberate choice not to include any love songs on their debut album and said that it wasn't for her, just yet.
“Some people love writing about that, and that's fine. But I personally haven't found a way to do it yet which is innovative and feels new to me.”
It doesn't mean, though, they don't like pop.
"I'm a pop princess at heart."
As for their image, Lorde has crafted a persona based on being anything but a pop princess.
“I would like to think that my public persona comes naturally to me and isn't that dissimilar to my real way of doing things,” they told the New York Times.
“The phrase ‘teen hottie' literally makes me want to throw up.
"I'm trying to make something people my age will care about, trying to keep my peers feeling like I'm doing something for them or representing them in some way."
The woman who was injured as two television journalists were shot and killed while on air in Virginia last month has been released from the hospital, a statement and a hospital spokesperson said on Tuesday.
The woman, Vicki Gardner, was released from Carilion Roanoke Memorial Hospital on Monday afternoon in good condition, said Christopher R. Turnbull, a hospital spokesperson. A Facebook page set up to track their recovery after the shooting said that they faced a long period of recuperation.
Ms. Gardner, the executive director of the Smith Mountain Lake Regional Chamber of Commerce, was being interviewed by Alison Parker, a reporter at WDBJ in Roanoke, and Adam Ward, a cameraman at the station, on Aug. 26 for a report about the 50th anniversary of the reservoir.
As the camera was rolling, Vester Lee Flanagan II, 41, identified by the authorities as the gunman, fatally shot the two journalists while recording the attack on their own video camera. Ms. Gardner was struck in their back by gunfire.
I consider myself an avid college basketball fan. I know the coaches and the players and the stats and the storylines, and I know them well. I knew who new Florida coach Michael White was before writing them into our list of candidates to replace Billy Donovan
But I can't say I've ever seen their team play live.
So I reached out to Benjamin Miraski of SB Nation's invaluable Mid-Major Madness, who put me in touch with Underdog Dynasty. Over the last several days, we've had an email conversation about White and their Louisiana Tech program that I found enlightening, and what follows here is a (very minimally) edited version of that conversation. I want to thank Jason for their insight — and their patience.
What makes Michael White who they are?
I think you start with their time as a player under Rob Evans at Mississippi. They were competing with Kentucky and Arkansas in the mid to late 90's by implementing a break neck pace.
Mike was known as a tough guard and that translates to their team now. They don't just talk about playing fast, they will show a recruit the stats to back it up - things like turnovers forced and shot attempts per game.
Another interesting thing I've found comes from their time as an Ole Miss assistant. They were known as a relentless recruiter then and forged relationships all over the country. At Louisiana Tech, they didn't sit back and let their assistants do the heavy lifting when it came to recruiting. Mike still got out on the road and personally recruited kids like they did as an assistant.
So he's a hard worker, someone who doesn't shy away from the tough stuff? What are some of the specific things he's done that bear that out? Any particularly tricky recruitments?
The toughness factor you can see in their team. They got down big in the C-USA Tournament against UAB in a hostile environment (the game was played in Birmingham) and they were able to come back and force overtime. They never gave up on a game.
The biggest thing about recruiting is their ability to identify talent. They found Speedy Smith, Raheem Appleby, and Michale Kyser four years ago and they all had minimal recruiting interest. They were the cornerstones for their 101 wins over the last four years and hold several individual records — for a program that has had players like Karl Malone, Mike Green, P.J. Brown, and Paul Millsap, among others.
The best story to exemplify their ability to identify talent came from this time last year. They were trying to add defense and rebounding in the late period. They had to be almost stealth-like in who they were looking at because as soon as they moved in - other schools would pounce. Shane Henry (Virginia Tech), Devonta Pollard (Houston), Tevin Glass (Wichita State), and Detwon Rogers (Dayton) were all players they identified before losing them to "bigger" programs.
They ended up taking Merrill Holden and Qiydar Davis, two role players from top-level junior college programs.
At Louisiana Tech, there are always programs with bigger facilities, budgets, and fan bases to recruit against. They won't have that problem at Florida.
(White) showed an ability to land higher level HS recruits over the last three years as well. Alex Hamilton (Florida native), Joniah White, Xavian Stapleton, and Derrick Jean (Florida native) were all out of state high school recruits with solid offers that they landed in Ruston.
Tech didn't get kids like that in the past. The best players typically were North Louisiana kids (Malone, Brown, Millsap, etc...) from small towns.
And given that he's grabbed underrated guys and made them stars, he's definitely got some skills as a developer, I'd imagine.
I think so. Eric McCree (another Florida native) averaged maybe a point a game as a first-year student at Murray State. After sitting out a season at Tech, they became one of the team's leading scorers and rebounders. Stapleton and Jacobi Boykins (Florida native) both progressed tremendously this year as true freshmen and had huge games down the stretch.
So this all sounds good for Florida. But there is that notable lack of NCAA Tournament appearances — and Louisiana Tech won regular season conference titles in the last three seasons. Why the struggles to break through in conference tournaments?
C-USA is a very tough league, maybe the toughest out of the "one-bid" leagues. It's hard to win 25+ games (in the regular season) and know you still have to beat teams like UTEP, Old Dominion, UAB, and Middle Tennessee in places like El Paso and Birmingham. A 14-team league with seven or eight good teams should have two bids in the tournament. Without Memphis, though, C-USA doesn't have the same reputation — but it is still a very good league with really good coaches.
Trust me, I get that — but the reality of being in a one-bid league is that winning the conference tournament becomes an all-or-nothing proposition. White's teams have come away with nothing. Is there any specific reason why other than bad luck and bad games on the wrong days?
I think their team's weaknesses get exposed more in the postseason. Most teams they can overwhelm with the defense and athleticism that they can put out on the floor.
Their weaknesses — typically rebounding and half-court offense — are more glaring in a postseason game when the game slows down. They have addressed those needs in recruiting and improved on them, but you still have to be perfect in the C-USA Tournament (to earn a bid), and they were not perfect against a very good UAB team in Birmingham.
And I bet those weaknesses are more easily addressed at a program like Florida.
The Gators lacked shooters last year, something I know White is going to want, but it would seem to have the personnel to put together a trapping defense and a high-octane offense, most notably jet-engined point guards Kasey Hill and Chris Chiozza. What did (2015 Conference USA Player of the Year) Speedy Smith do well, and how long did it take White to mold them into the excellent player they became?
Speedy was a reluctant shooter: Not until the end of their junior year did they start taking and hitting three pointers.
Their vision, (along with) being 6'3", is their biggest strength.  They are a great passer and could lead the player to the spot they needed to be.  They are the absolute best at the alley-oop — mostly to (Michael) Kyser and Stapleton — and would throw them from anywhere once they crossed half court.
You could see the qualities in them that would make them great even back in their first-year student year. But as the years went on, they learned how to refine their game: When to make those passes, how to encourage and pick up their teammates without frustrating them, when to take the open shots, when to force tempo.
Speedy was the absolute best in C-USA at beating the defense down the court and turning it into a score or drawing a foul. They can go from free throw line to free throw line in a blink.
That really sounds like both Hill and Chiozza, especially the last bit, and neither one was anywhere close to a great shooter last season.
What other traits make players successful under White?
They want height, long arms, great leaping ability, and stamina: You have to be able to run all day. They will play 10 or 11 players, but for the 15-20 minutes you are in, you better be running, jumping, and diving for loose balls.
They highly value deflections and keeps up with them in both games and practices. The best comparison I like to make is Nolan Richardson's "40 Minutes of Hell." Like Nolan, White will play with three-ish guards, a small forward type, and a long, skinny center that can block shots and run the floor.
White will be able to recruit more size at Florida, but they will still favor a smaller lineup a lot in order to get more quickness on the court.
What was the best win of White's time at Louisiana Tech, and why?
It may not be the biggest to most fans, but to me it was in their first year they took a young team to the WAC Tournament championship game. Beating Nevada, which had dominated the WAC for years, in the semis was a really big step forward for the program.
Some has been (and much will be) made of Louisiana Tech's superb home record under White. How was they able to create a program that could do that, and how did that affect fan support?
I think a lot of the home court advantage was the pressure defense and the noise. The TAC (Thomas Assembly Center) got loud anytime more than 3,500 or so showed up. It's hard to shoot well on the road in general, so teams usually didn't play well when the pressure defense was added to the mix.
And fan support shot through the roof. A lot of weeknight games against mediocre opponents would draw 1,000 fans or fewer in years past. 5,000 to 6,000 fans for a conference game was normal under White, and this is in a town of 21,000 people and an arena that holds 7,500.
That should translate well to the O'Dome. Dick Vitale didn't call them the Rowdy Reptiles because they're quiet.
What would have concerned you about White staying at Louisiana Tech, if anything? And when did you know they aren't long for the program?
Nothing would have concerned me: They were building the program through mostly high school recruits, and I felt like they could have pushed Tech back to the level of a Gonzaga or a Butler — just like LA Tech was in the 1980s. (Thanks largely to All-Americans Karl Malone and Randy White, Louisiana Tech made five NCAA Tournaments from 1984 to 1991, and the program's only Sweet Sixteen in 1985. — Andy)
I knew after that first year that White wouldn't be at Tech long. No one, or almost no one, stays at a mid-major very long, and with their SEC ties and exciting brand of basketball, it was going to be a short run. They were getting major offers a year ago.
And as they go, what will you remember best? What will you miss most?
I'm going to remember the wins against the major conference teams. The fan excitement and bubble watching as the season drew to an end. Playing and beating good teams in the NIT. But I will mostly miss the style of play, the alley-oops and the SportsCenter Top 10 appearances. That's one thing that kept the fans coming back for more.
Hopefully, they can bring in a mother good coach that can keep the train rolling.
And I hope all that good stuff translates to Florida. Thanks so much for helping out, Jason.
No problem. I think they will be great there, I really do.
Many natural remedies do not work. Despite those who swear by herbal medicines and other traditions that stretch back, in some cases, thousands of years, modern science often cannot verify the claimed benefits. But that isn't always the case. Occasionally, scientists confirm that a traditional remedy indeed does work, and one such example has been reported recently in the Journal of Agricultural and Food Chemistry.
Native Americans who burned sweetgrass (Hierochloe odorata) tended to do so for ceremonial purposes. However, some had a more practical use in mind. Two groups of Native Americans, the Flatheads of Montana and the Blackfoot of Alberta, used sweetgrass as an insect repellent. They did so by burning the grass and allowing the smoke to saturate their clothing or by placing sachets (scented bags) of sweetgrass in their clothing. It worked, and now a team of chemists knows why.
Oils were chemically extracted from sweetgrass. Next, the team tested how well these oils repelled mosquitoes. To do so, they tempted mosquitoes to "bite" through a cloth on the other side of which was a feeding solution. The cloth, however, was covered with sweetgrass oil extracts, and the researchers counted how many mosquitoes were deterred from feeding.
As shown above, DEET (a common mosquito repellent) served as a positive control, and it prevented 88% of mosquitoes from biting. Many of the sweetgrass oil extracts, which were applied at roughly twice the concentration as DEET, were every bit as effective at repelling the bloodsuckers.
The authors then subjected the most potent oil extracts to further molecular analysis. They identified three major molecules that mosquitoes found unpleasant: 2-methoxy-4-vinylphenol, phytol, and coumarin. When these pure compounds were tested against DEET, they were not as effective. This suggests that the extracted oils contain other minor compounds that increase their potency.
It should be noted that just because these compounds are "natural" does not mean that they are safer for human use than DEET. Further toxicology research would need to examine that. But kudos to the researchers who, in a single paper, simultaneously advanced the field of anthropology and discovered a potentially commercializable product.
Source: Charles L. Cantrell, A. Maxwell P. Jones, and Abbas Ali. "Isolation and Identification of Mosquito (Aedes aegypti) Biting-Deterrent Compounds from the Native American Ethnobotanical Remedy Plant Hierochloë odorata (Sweetgrass)." J. Agric. Food Chem. Published online: 15-October-2016. DOI: 10.1021/acs.jafc.6b01668
Sydney trials 'mousetrap' technology to sniff out train graffiti vandals
Posted
New technology that can detect when graffiti vandals are tagging train carriages is being heralded as a major breakthrough in crime prevention by the NSW Government.
The electronic sensor, called a "mousetrap", has been tested across the network and has so far led to the arrest of 30 people.
It works by detecting the vapours of spray cans and markers while they are in use and alerting transport authorities and police.
Transport Minister Andrew Constance said it was a useful tool.
"What this means is that those who commit graffiti can now be caught immediately, with can in hand, marker in hand, doing the damage," they said.
"[Mousetrap] provides real-time information, triggering closed circuit TV back to Sydney Trains staff and also real-time information provided directly to the Police Transport command."
Sydney Trains declined to say how many of the devices would be rolled out across the network but indicated they would be randomly moved from different train lines.
Removing graffiti cost taxpayers $34 million last financial year, up from $30 million the year before.
Sydney Trains chief executive Howard Collins said it was a big problem.
"Our customers hate it – it's one of the top customer complaints and cleaners work hard to remove about 11,000 tags from trains each month," they said.
"We know customers feel unsafe when they are using a train which is covered in graffiti and offenders often place themselves and others in danger by trespassing on the railway or being somewhere they shouldn't.
"When I came to Sydney 10 years ago most of the trains had graffitied inside and out. We now work on keeping our trains clean."
Topics: vandalism, states-and-territories, sydney-2000
In this May 10, 2016, photo, North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, right, and their sister Kim Yo Jong watch a military parade at Kim Il Sung Square in Pyongyang. Kim Jong-un has promoted their younger sister to a new post within North Korea's ruling party. The promotion of Kim Yo Jong came at a meeting of the party as North Korea marked the 20th anniversary of the late Kim Jong Il's acceptance of the title of general secretary of the ruling Worker's Party of Korea. (Minoru Iwasaki/Kyodo News via AP)
TOKYO (AP) — Kim Jong-un has promoted their younger sister to a new post within North Korea's ruling party.
The promotion of Kim Yo Jong came at a meeting of senior party members as North Korea marked the 20th anniversary of Kim Jong Il's acceptance of the title of general secretary of the ruling Worker's Party of Korea.
Kim Yo Jong was made an alternate member of the decision-making political bureau of the party's central committee. The late Kim Jong Il, North Korea's “eternal general secretary,” is the father of Kim Jong-un and Kim Yo Jong.
Thousands of people, mostly students, packed Kim Il Sung Square in Pyongyang to dance and watch fireworks to mark the anniversary on Sunday night. Earlier in the day, North Korean state media announced that the country's top leadership had gathered the day before, headed by current leader Kim Jong-un.
Kim repeated Pyongyang's defiance of the U.S. and its determination to push forward its nuclear program, while bringing a “fresh upswing” in the country's economy to show its strength despite the international trade sanctions and isolation the nuclear program has generated.
Kim's younger sister, believed to be either 28 or 30, was elected as an alternate member of the political bureau of the party's central committee, according to a report Sunday by the Korean Central News Agency.  They are believed to be one of Kim Jong-un's closest confidants. They were born to the same mother, Ko Yong Hui.
Michael Madden, founder of the influential NK Leadership Watch website, said the appointment shows the sister's daily activities are more substantive and more important than some analysts had contended. They said it also indicates that the Ko Yong Hui line, when taken with the killing of Kim's half brother, Kim Jong Nam, has been “conclusively established as the sole succeeding branch of the Kim family.”
Two women — one Indonesian and the other Vietnamese — are currently being tried in Malaysia for their alleged role in the killing of Kim Jong Nam at Kuala Lumpur's airport in February. Before their death, the half brother, whose existence was known to very few North Koreans, had been living a luxurious life in virtual exile outside of North Korea.
Though attention has been focused on Kim Yo Jong and North Korea's nuclear weapons, Madden said the reshuffle displays a great deal of attention to the North's economy, which has been expanding but could be hit hard by new and tougher sanctions the country is facing.
They said Prime Minister Pak Pong Ju appears to be exercising enormous influence in the appointments of officials they have mentored and said the seeming return of Thae Jong Su, a technocrat who held several key positions until last year, is of note because Thae has “good relations and long-standing ties to China.”
North Korea relies heavily on trade with China, but Beijing has been increasing its pressure on Pyongyang to try to ease tensions with Washington.
Turn your turn based abilities into some turn based butt-kicking and awesome prizes at PAX East!!!
Have you been itching to show the world your Pit People combat skills? Well, we are itching to itch you see what you've got in our competitive, single elimination tournament. No co-op play here, just head to head 1v1 fights. You lose? You're out! So get prepared to be laughed at by the 15 other daily competitors! Assemble your randomly generated team and fight like the champion you know you are! YAY! Victory could be yours! Win PRIZES like a trip to visit the ISS!**
If all 16 daily slots are filled, sign up as an alternate and pray for one of the competitors to lose their phone and not show up! If selected as an alternate, you'll take the place of a competitor who doesn't arrive for their match. (Note, Round 1 only, no kidnapping allowed! This really is not that serious!)
Matches start at 2:00 PM (that's 14:00 for you Euros!) each day and progress throughout the afternoon. At the start of each match, contestants will spin a rickety old analog randomizer custom built by the Behemoth for this very competition. The outcome of the randomizer will be the composition of your team, so NO CRYBABIES!
Each match is limited to 25 minutes and a 90 second turn timer will be activated for all matches. This is a single elimination tournament, so once you lose, you are out! So DON'T lose! You are a winner, even your Mom thinks so! Yay Mom!
Prize Prizes Prizes!!!! We have AWESOME-LIKE prizes just for you! Check them out!
Grand Prize Winner (one per day)
Trophy (warning, this may look like we repurposed an old soccer trophy…or not)
Pit People plushie (winner's choice!) *
Pit People t-shirt*
Pit People pullover hoodie*
Pit People pin
Runner-Up (one per day)
Trophy (please see above… <3 )
Pit People t-shirt *
Pit People pin
A pat on the back for a job almost well done!
All Participants
Each of the 16 participants per day will get a Behemoth participation pin, so everyone gets to take home a memento for being part of our first ever Pit People Tournament at PAX East!
* Prizes marked with the single asterisk will be mailed to the winners after PAX East (saves space in the suitcase and won't be subject to availability of merch at the show!)
** That'd be the ISS (International Space Station)… PLEASE NOTE: We have no idea how to get you to the International Space Station so this is not going to happen, sorry! But we will give you some cool prizes if you win. Thank you for reading this far!
Info-Wars News that is not fake:
Sign ups are each day of PAX East starting at 10AM at the Behemoth Booth 14005
Sign ups are first come, first served until the day's slots are filled. Remember to return to our booth for your match or you will be DQ'd and an alternate will take your place.
Alternates will only be substituted for Round 1. No-shows in subsequent rounds will be DQ'd.
If you win your first match you will continue to play until you are eliminated or win the entire Tournament! So plan accordingly, no substitute players allowed!
The first round of matches start at 2 PM and we estimate that the final match will begin at approximately 5:30 PM.
If you miss your time slot, we will have kleenex on hand for the tears you'll shed for being unable to read a clock.
Qualifications:
Supervisor Jane Kim officially launches the program that will allow San Francisco residents to attend City College of San Francisco free starting in the fall 2017.
Supervisor Jane Kim officially launches the program that will allow San Francisco residents to attend City College of San Francisco free starting in the fall 2017.
San Francisco residents still have time to enroll at City College of San Francisco for the fall 2017 semester and not have to pay a single penny.
On Thursday, Supervisor Jane Kim and the City College Board of Trustees celebrated and kicked off the Free City Program that will allow San Francisco residents who have lived in the state for at least one year to attend City College for free during the fall 2017 and spring 2018 semesters.
Officials are encouraging residents to enroll online now or enroll in-person on Aug. 7 at all City College campuses.
Voters in November last year approved Proposition W, an increase in the transfer tax rate on sales of residential and commercial properties of at least $5 million. Kim, who supported the proposition, said the funds generated would support making City College free for residents in The City.
The City's controller's office estimated The City would generate on average $45 million per year based on the most recent economic business cycle.
Kim said Thursday that San Francisco is the first in the nation to make community college free for residents:
“San Francisco is leading yet again to make community college free for all of our residents regardless of age, income, or any kind of prerequisite.”
The free program will give more opportunities to residents to earn a higher income, said Kim:
“We know that the average City College graduate makes on average $11,000 more than the same individual with just a high school diploma.”
Mayor Ed Lee said in February that The City will commit to spending $5.4 million annually over the next two years to fund the free City College program and provide grants to low-income students to help pay for books, transportation supplies and health fees.
The Board of Supervisors also approved a $1 million reserve fund for the program in case there is a decrease in revenue from the property transfer fund.
With The City now footing the bill for San Francisco residents, more than 30,000 people have now enrolled at the community college. Data from City College shows a 17 percent increase in full-time students compared to last year. Full-time students enrolled in credit-only courses increased by 25.5 percent.
The college saw enrollment decline over the last several years because of the Accrediting Commission for Community and Junior Colleges threatening to pull the college's accreditation over the college's financial planning and other deficiencies, such as not having an enough staff to sufficiently run the college.
At the beginning of the year, the commission reaffirmed the college's accreditation for another seven years.
Assemblyman Phil Ting thanked the community and college faculty for supporting the college during the accreditation crises:
“I think the ACCJC picked on the wrong city.”
Ting said the next step is making community college free throughout the state:
“We're going to be working hard to replicate what's happening here in San Francisco all across the state to make sure we have not just free City College but free community college.”
City College Trustee Tom Temprano said City College is the place for students to transfer to a four-year university and to get jobs in the arts, technology, cannabis industry, or learning new skills:
This last year SWAT teams from across the nation rallied together for another annual convention where they meet and compete. This year it took place in Oakland, California. It's like your typical gun show that takes place many days throughout the year across the nation, except on steroids.
A reporter from Mother Jones was there on the ground covering the event in person but their focus was primarily on the militarization of the police force, which is a valid issue to address. At the end of the convention there is an excellent “war game” put together where the different SWAT teams compete against one another for the title of champion. Interestingly, members of the Marines attend this convention in order
To learn different tactics. You have some of the best guys out there, and they give their input and we take that back with us and teach our Marines.
Yes. But we aren't in a hyper-militarized police state at all… Of little note and brushed to the side in the article was something that came off as startling and wholly offensive to myself and, I'm sure, many others. The culminating event for this was a hostage rescue situation. The scenario had a Christian church taken over by terrorist extremists and it was up to the SWAT team to rescue all the hostages.
Unfortunately, the scenario could not have been left at just that – the scenario specifically read “a militant atheist extremist” group would be the terrorizing organization. Now to place any specific label on a scenario such as this is offensive to any group. Had they chosen Christian extremists, Muslim extremists, or even Buddhist extremists it would have been equally offensive. The problem, however, also lies in probability and public perception.
There actually ARE Christian extremists in the United States and that would honestly be the most likely scenario that would play out. In fact the vast majority of Christian persecution in this nation comes from other radical Christians – even in the military where nearly 99% of the claims of (real not perceived) persecution against Christians come from other Christians. But let's look at the likelihood of an atheist extremist group doing this on the auspices of atheism. In my short years on earth I've never even heard of an atheist extremist group. The rhetoric from Christians continue to claim that there are atheist extremist groups but the only credible article I could find on the subject was this one, where 29 people died as a result of the attack. That article was satire, though, so I'm again left to wonder where this notion came from.
Undoubtedly, there have been horrible atheists throughout history who have committed atrocities, but not a single one of them did it in the name of atheism. If anything they embraced another ideology, instead of their atheism, and acted on that instead – think communism in the Soviet Union. I guess we could always look to Hitler, but they were a devout Catholic. So why, then, would the police forces use a group that has historically not engaged in acts of terror as a potential threat? Public perception. Atheists are one of the least trusted demographics in the United States. When polled the average American trusts atheists less than Muslims (which I feel the bigotry towards them would be obvious by this point) and rapists , which only brings us to the unsupported conclusion that they would assume atheists would be murderers and child molesters as well.
One of the teams taking part in this training was a Marine squad and it is incredibly disheartening to see the final scenario painted as it was. Not only was it categorically wrong, but the framers of the convention failed to even take into account a likely scenario of a real threat. A Christian terrorist organization is far more likely in this country than any other type, despite they hype and hoop-lah the press gives radical Islam. For now they are content to attempt to instill Biblical Law through legitimate means, but the vitriol and rhetoric from the Dominionist camp is growing ever louder.
In the meantime atheists will play the patsy.
New York Stock Exchange shut down over 'technical issue' – live updates Read more
I wake up from my whiskey stupor to the scent of burning motherboards, and I know that something is wrong. Out the window in New York's Financial District, two men in torn bespoke suits roast a body over an oil drum. It looks like Thomas Friedman's, but I can't be sure.
“Brother can you spare a bitcoin?” one screams.
In the distance, I see fire.
I haul myself up, wipe the cigarette ash from my hair, and put on a flak jacket made solely from Golden Parachutes. “War. Horror. Hatred. Death.” I say, to no one in particular. “Looks like I'm gonna get a fucking Peabody.”
“Reporting live from the frontlines of #NYSEDown!” I tell my phone cam. Then I run out the door.
Outside, I take in the scene: street preachers denouncing Gnosticism, a lone banker trying to garrote themselves with ticket tape, and the Bull – that gold, beautiful bull – running through the streets like Zeus. I chase after it for a quote, but, like the dubious financial transactions powered by super-compressors, it is too quick.
At Freedom Tower, lost German tourists ask “Where is 9/11?”, but the commemorative booklet sellers who cater to them have disappeared. FiDi's new currency in the wake the stock market shutdown is glossy pics of The Twin Towers exploding, and the commemorative booksellers already made their killing and moved uptown.
Smoke. Weeping. Screams.
My face attractively smeared from the ash of burning cocaine, I pause for a selfie. Then, I see it.
All the tourists are dead. And missing their spleens.
I hire now-former JP Morgan CEO Jamie Dimon as my local fixer. “Tell me the ways of your people, caught as they are between the present and the ancient past”, I demand, offering them half a hotdog as payment. Instead, they weep. They tried to seek shelter at the dungeon of their favorite pro domme, they tell me, but when their black card bounced they slammed the door in theirs face.
“She was the only human I ever loved,” they splutter. I pat their head in a sensitive but professional way, wiping excess hair gel on their shirt from Pink.
“War is hell” I tell the camera, while manfully clenching my neck.
In Zuccotti Park, once the home of Occupy, the ex-Goldman Sachs boys have built a squatters city out of Hermès gift boxes that were meant for their mistresses. They communicate only by wiggling their fingers. No cops try to roust them. Behind us, Tiffany's burns.
Then we hear the chanting. Dear god. The chanting. Dimon and I run towards it.
“ALL HAIL THE GREAT GOD HSDSDAOOOF!”
That's when we see those pile of spleens – some glistening fresh, others roasted black – presented as an eldritch offering before the Google Data Center. “HSDSDAOOOF! HSDSDAOOOF!” the traders shout, beating their CrossFit-sculpted chests. One climbs to the top of the data center's ledge and throws themselves into the pit. “I am the god of light and math”, they chant. The tubes rise up to consume him.
“Dimon! Ask them how much a spleen is going for?” I demand, and they translate. Though this is my beat, I never learned to speak Suit.
They ask, but does not translate the answer. Instead, they jump at me, clawing at my left rib. I think I make out their local dialect: they want my spleen, to sell it, and get money, and then give it to their Pro Domme. Perhaps they might love them again.
I see the Bull, leaping and golden, and jump onto its back. “My savior”, I whisper into its metallic ear. “Take me away from all this.”
But they have their own secrets to tell: the bull's testicles contain the power of capitalism, which is why the police barricaded them during OWS. But their blue-clad servants became lax and, one night, a former occupier gave their balls an irreverent slap.
When Occupy uploaded the footage to Instagram, the crash was born.
The Bull sheds a single brass tear. “If you survive this hell, tell future microsecond traders of my fate”, they gasp, before dying like Aslan.
I sell their spleen. War is no time for sentiment, and I have my own deals to make with the old gods. I want a Polk Award.
I run past the looted Fed and past Ciprianis, where Jamie Dimon's corpse now hangs from the balcony from its intestines, wearing the rumba panties given to them by their one true love.
The stock market looms in front of me, adorned with the severed heads of unpaid interns. Anderson Cooper poses before it, wearing their tight black t-shirt of war. They rip it off, to reveal another, tighter t-shirt.
“Shit's gonna get real,” I say into my phone cam, as I turn my face to the more photogenic side. But I know that if I keep taking selfies, my phone will run out of juice.
Meanwhile, atop the barricades of The Autonomous Republic of Fie Die, Jamie Dimon's rumba panties are flown as a flag. Their dominatrix has declared themselves the Emira of Goldman Sachs Caliphate. I kidnap Anderson Cooper, and sell the story to CNN using the last of my iPhone's power.
Above me, I hear the whirring of drones.
Then, they release the bees.
When it comes to coffeeshops, Pann's is as iconic as it gets. The diner opened in 1958 and has been dishing out their fried chicken and cajun andouille sausage for decades. It's also noted for its distinctive Googie-style architecture, and everyone from Vin Diesel to Nicolas Cage have filmed a movie there.
In spite of all the years, Pann's will be undergoing some changes. As owner Jim Poulos told LAist, the restaurant is struggling to keep up with the new minimum wage hikes, and will have to shorten their hours to stay afloat. Starting August 1, the restaurant will be operating from 7 a.m. to 3 p.m., meaning it will be closed for dinner. Poulos adds that the details are still being ironed out, and that there may be modifications to the hours for one of the days. The dinner menu will be gone, of course. But Poulos says that, with the costs saved from not serving dinner, Pann's may look into "expanding with new items” and "passing on greater value for the breakfast and lunch menus."
According to Poulos, the wage hike produces a domino effect that has significantly raised their cost of operations. "The cook who is already making $15 an hour is not going to like it that the dishwasher is making the same amount," said Poulos. They add that their vendors have been rising their prices because of the wage hike. "It's been a huge hit. How else is the restaurant industry supposed to deal with it? There'll be more automation. They'll be cutting labor, cutting quality."
Poulos adds that they are "making every attempt to keep every one of our evening staff," and is looking into giving them daytime hours.
The minimum wage hike in Los Angeles and L.A. County went into effect earlier this month. The minimum will be increased incrementally every year until 2020, when the wage hits $15. Mayor Eric Garcetti had said in a statement that the hikes will help "build a stronger middle class in Los Angeles, which is good for our entire local economy." Bernie Sanders supporters on FeelTheBern.org argued that a higher minimum wage could actually reduce costs on a broader level:
...because the minimum wage is currently so low, many workers earning the minimum wage receive public assistance from the federal government in order to support themselves and their families. Therefore, according to the Economic Policy Institute, raising the minimum wage by just a few dollars would cause 1.7 million Americans to no longer rely on public assistance...
The restaurant industry, which is expected to take a big brunt of the effects from a wage hike, is not quite as optimistic. In an article for Inc., columnist and restaurant-owner Noah Brodsky laid out a simplified version of their concerns:
...we can't just jack up prices and pass the additional cost along to customers. There are real limits to what people will pay. We can charge only so much for a shrimp tempura roll or a Kobe beef burger before our customers will start looking at other dining options.
[h/t: Eater]
Congress Must Enact ECPA Reform Legislation This Year
EFF applauds Sen. Mike Lee (R-UT) and Sen. Patrick Leahy (D-VT) for today introducing the ECPA Modernization Act of 2017 to protect user privacy in cloud content and geolocation information. As part of a congressional effort to reform the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, the Senate bill complements the Email Privacy Act (H.R. 387), which the House passed in February 2017 by voice vote—the second time the House has passed this legislation with overwhelming bipartisan support.
EFF supports these bills and urges Congress to enact ECPA reform legislation this year.
Both the House and Senate bills require law enforcement to obtain a probable cause warrant from a judge to access private content stored by third-party service providers. This would codify the 2010 Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals decision in Warshak v. United States, which held that the government violated the Fourth Amendment when it obtained emails stored by a third-party service provider without a probable cause warrant. This would also be consistent with the 2015 Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals decision in United States v. Kitzhaber, which held that the defendant had a reasonable expectation of privacy in their emails stored by a third-party service provider.
Additionally, the Senate bill:
Requires the government to obtain a probable cause warrant from a judge to access geolocation information stored by third-party service providers;
Requires the government to notify a user when it obtains a warrant to access the user's cloud content or stored geolocation information;
Requires the government to obtain a probable cause warrant from a judge in order to acquire real-time geolocation information, for example, via a cell-site simulator (a.k.a., IMSI catcher or Stingray) or GPS tracking device. This is consistent with the 2012 U.S. Supreme Court decision in United States v. Jones , in which five justices agreed that ongoing electronic surveillance by the government of an individual's movements implicates that individual's reasonable expectation of privacy.
, in which five justices agreed that ongoing electronic surveillance by the government of an individual's movements implicates that individual's reasonable expectation of privacy. Provides a suppression remedy if the government accesses cloud content or stored or real-time geolocation information without a warrant or otherwise in violation of the law. This means that a court can deem such data inadmissible as “evidence in any trial, hearing, or other proceeding in or before any court, grand jury, department, officer, agency, regulatory body, legislative committee, or other authority of the United States, a State, or a political subdivision thereof.”
Heightens the standard for the government to obtain a pen register order (to capture numbers dialed) or trap-and-trace order (to track an incoming caller) from a court.
The Senate bill thus embodies the first three principles of the Digital Due Process coalition, a diverse group of civil liberties non-profits (including EFF), technology companies, trade associations, and others that support ECPA reform.
However, the Senate bill isn't perfect. For example, we would prefer that the government be required to provide notice to a user after it obtains real-time geolocation information. The bill does not explicitly require this. While Federal Rule of Criminal Procedure 41(f)(2)(C) requires after-the-fact notice, a statutory notice mandate would preempt attempts to amend the court rules.
The time for ECPA reform is long overdue. ECPA was first passed in 1986 and provides modest privacy protections against government access to electronic communications and content stored by third-party service providers—and it doesn't even contemplate geolocation information.
The law has not kept pace with advances in technology and the habits of users. With the rise of cloud computing, individuals have come to rely on technology companies to store private emails, text messages, social media posts, photos and other documents, often indefinitely. While such content might contain the most personal of thoughts and details about an individual, many users do not realize that an email stored on a Google or Microsoft server has less protection than a letter sitting in a desk drawer at home. And users often can't control how and when their whereabouts are being tracked by technology.
We urge Congress to act quickly to enact ECPA reform legislation, which would provide critical privacy protections for users of modern technology without unduly hindering law enforcement.
SilverStone demos pumpless watercooler Written by Edward Chester Companies: #silverstone
SilverStone has demonstrated at Computex 2013 a new concept liquid-cooler technology that requires no pump to propel the liquid, making it completely passive.
Like with heatpipes, the cooler uses the principle of harnessing the evaporation and condensation properties of a non-water liquid to circulate that same liquid. As the liquid is warmed it evaporates and creates pressure. By making one pipe to the radiator narrower than the other and mounting the CPU block vertically the pressure difference forces the liquid to start circulating through the system. As the temperature increases the liquid circulates even faster.
It's an ingenious idea that, assuming the radiator is cooled passively, allows for a system with no moving parts.
There are, however, a few issues. One is that the liquid simply doesn't start pumping itself until it reaches around 30-40 degrees, which means it doesn't actually cool any more effectively than many an air or water cooler. When under load it is also likely the radiator would require fans to keep it dissipating the heat sufficiently. As such the whole passive argument goes somewhat out the window.
All told, although SilverStone is still testing to see whether this can be a viable product, in all likeliness it will never make it to market and is more of a neat trick than anything else. But who doesn't like a neat trick.
A former day home operator was "irresponsible and wrong" for leaving five toddlers alone while they ran errands, but there isn't enough proof that the children were endangered by their actions, a judge ruled on Thursday.
In finding Melissa Suley not guilty on five counts of causing a child to be in need of intervention, provincial court judge Ray Bodnarek said, "I want you to know that my decision in no way condones your actions.
"It's based on the Crown's inability to prove the charges beyond a reasonable doubt."
On Nov. 30, 2016, Suley was caring for five children under the age of three in their southwest Edmonton home, along with their own two school-age children, according to an agreed statement of facts filed as a court exhibit.
That day, their children had missed the bus to their school. With three toddlers already dropped off, Suley left them unsupervised in playpens in the basement so they could drive their own children to school, a 50-minute trip there and back.
By the time they got home, the mother of a fourth child was waiting at the house.
'The defendant panicked'
The second glitch of the day came when Suley's husband called to say they were unable to pick up their children after school, meaning they would need to take the bus home and miss an after-school activity.
Suley put their four charges down for a nap after lunch and left the house again, this time hoping to locate a friend who would watch the children after school. They were gone for 20 minutes.
While they were away, the mother of the fifth child arrived with their toddler in tow for a drop-off. According to the court document, Suley lied to the mom to avoid letting them know she'd left the children alone inside the house.
Suley again left all five children alone soon after, still hoping to find a friend to help out. They decided their children would have to take the bus home after all, but then realized that they had lost track of time and that their own children were likely standing outside in the cold waiting for their father to show up.
At about 4 p.m., "the defendant panicked," according to the agreed statement of facts. "She placed the ... children unsupervised in playpens in the basement and they drove to pick up their own children."
Police were called
Not long after, day home parents arrived to pick up their children but the house was dark and no one answered the door. They called police.
At 4:24 p.m., Suley's husband came home. At 4:39 p.m., the police arrived. And just before 6 p.m., almost two hours after she'd left, Suley finally returned to the house.
(She) made a very bad decision to leave the children unsupervised. - Judge Ray Bodnarek
A few days later, Suley admitted to police that what they did was "not right" and that they "was not thinking straight at the time."
The children had been left alone four times that day, for a total of one hour and 40 minutes.
The court document states, "None of the children were physically injured during this incident. The children were clean and in good spirits when returned to their parents."
'Does not meet the threshold of endangerment'
Suley was originally charged with five counts of abandoning a child, but those charges were withdrawn by the Crown on Nov. 3 and replaced with five counts under the Child Youth and Family Enhancement Act of causing a child to be in need of intervention.
Bodnarek noted, "She was entrusted with the care of five children and they betrayed that trust. ... (She) made a very bad decision to leave the children unsupervised."
But to be convicted, the Crown had to prove the children's security, survival and development were at risk because they were abandoned.
"With the children being left in their playpens," Bodnarek said, "the risk of harm was possible, but not imminent or probable."
They decided it did not meet the legal threshold of endangerment, and acquitted Suley on all charges.
They told Suley, "I hope you've learned a valuable lesson regarding the inappropriateness of your behaviour."
Defence lawyer Daniel Mol. (Janice Johnston/CBC News )
Suley refused comment outside court, but their lawyer, Daniel Mol told CBC News, "Surely my client is relieved, yes."
They aren't sure if Suley still operates a day home.
When the judge's decision was announced, a woman sitting in the front row of the courtroom began to cry. Based on their comments, it appeared their child was in Suley's home that day.
"It's obvious why I was upset," they told CBC News.
There is a publication ban on the identities of the children who were being cared for by Suley.
Chris Eubank Jr. has withdrawn from their October 22nd BBBofC middleweight title defense against Tommy Langford, citing an injury suffered while sparring against a "fourteen stone opponent." They have also elected to vacate the title, which they won from Nick Blackwell in May.
Team Eubank's press release has to be seen to be believed. I want to copy-paste it in its entirety, but I'll content myself with these tidbits:
Eubank Jnr's management team have advised that, in their opinion, there has not been a fighter in the history of British Boxing who has had such a vast chasm of fighting prowess between them and the contenders for the British Championship in ability, speed, strength, accuracy and skill since its inauguration by the Marquess of Queensbury in the 1800's. ... It is now with relief, as it has become clear to Chris Eubank Jnr's management over these past few months how much danger the health and lives of these contenders are in, therefore the relinquishing of the British Championship due to injury sustained in a sparring session is perhaps a blessing in disguise.
Fair play to the Eubanks; they may be crap at locating pens, but they can humblebrag with the best of them.
Shame about the grammar, though.
The Cardiff card is a fairly stacked one by local British standards, featuring Liam Williams vs. Ahmet Patterson and Bradley Skeete vs. Shayne Singleton among others, so I'd imagine the show will go on. We'll let you guys know if they manage to scrounge up a solid foe for Langford.
Buy Photo Melbourne police shut down a meth lab. (Photo: FLORIDA TODAY file)Buy Photo
A 17-year-old Palm Bay youth will face a juvenile court judge later this month after police said they repeatedly broke into their mother's locked room and stole their shoes, shirts and perfume.
The teen, who is not being identified by FLORIDA TODAY, because of their age, was charged with violation of probation, burglary and criminal mischief two months after officers initially went to a home on Beacon Street in the northwest section of the city to investigate the mother's claims against their son.
The woman told officers that they returned home and discovered that despite locking their door, several items, including shoes, shirts and perfume were missing from their room. They later spotted their son wearing the items and called police.
The teen was arrested at a home in Cocoa and taken to the Juvenile Detention Center in Sharpes.
Contact Gallop at 321-242-3642, Twitter.com/jdgallop or jdgallop@floridatoday.com.
Read or Share this story: http://on.flatoday.com/1qScBk2
Earlier this spring, astronomers used telltale evidence in seafloor sediments and moon-dust to study two nearby supernovae that blew up a few hundred light years away. One exploded between 1.5 and 3.2 million years ago and the other 6.5 to 8.7 million years ago.
Adrian Melott, a physicist at the University of Kansas, wondered about the timing of the more recent supernova. Its date range includes the timeline of a minor extinction event at the endstart of the Pleistocene, about 2.59 million years ago, one that was long thought to be caused, in part, by a cooling climate and dramatic regional changes in Africa and central America. Melott and others had wondered whether a supernova could shower enough particles and radiation on Earth to cause mass extinctions. Thanks to the new research on supernova history, they could now look into it in earnest.
Melott ran computer simulations that suggested that even mild star-explosions would shower Earth with radiation for hundreds of thousands of years, provided they were local. They would also ionize the atmosphere to a level eight times higher than normal, which would trigger an increase in cloud-to-ground lightning.
“I really expected to conclude that there wasn't much chance of an effect, because of the distance, but it turned out to be more substantial than I expected,” Melott says.
While Melott and their coauthors were working on this paper, which appears today in The Astrophysical Journal Letters, another supernova archaeology team was refining the most recent research on the two local supernovae from 1.5 and 3.2 million and 6.5 to 8.7 million years ago. Brian Fields, Brian Fry and John Ellis argue that those supernovae were closer than scientists thought — maybe only 150 light years distant, not 325. If that's true, the radiation effect would be even stronger, Melott says.
The immediate radiation dose wouldn't be terrible, roughly comparable to the amount you'd receive in a CT scan. But it wouldn't be a one-shot deal. Instead, the radiation would rain down for hundreds of thousands of years. Melott says the particles would largely include muons, which are a sister particle of the electron and have more energy, so they can penetrate deeper, including into the oceans. They would also add up to a bigger effect on large animals, like mammoths, maybe, or humans. All told, supernova radiation could triple the everyday background radiation from cosmic rays.
“It would trivially increase your chances of cancer, but if you do it to every organism on Earth, for hundreds of thousands of years, there might be something you could see,” Melott says. “If you could have good enough statistics to look for bone cancer in fossils, for instance, you might be able to do that.” Melott said they had worked on research into whether this was actually possible.
Samuel Stewart a DNA analyst from the South Carolina Law Enforcement Division speaks during the murder trial of former North Charleston Police Officer Michael Slager, Thursday, Nov. 10, 2016, in Charleston, S.C. Slager is on trial facing a murder charge in the shooting death of Walter Scott, who was gunned down after they fled from a traffic stop. Ninth Circuit Solicitor Scarlett Wilson is seen at left. (Grace Beahm/Post and Courier via AP, Pool)
CHARLESTON, S.C. (AP) — A fired white police officer's defense lawyer told jurors at the start of their murder trial that they were provoked to shoot an unarmed fleeing black motorist, when the man “physically and forcefully resisted” being subdued by a stun gun “to the extent that they were both fighting on the ground.”
A DNA expert's testimony Thursday cast some doubt on that argument, revealing that none of the North Charleston officer's genetic material was found under the dead man's fingernails, and that a DNA analysis of their Taser was inconclusive.
Samuel Stewart of the South Carolina Law Enforcement Division testified at the trial of Michael Slager, whose shooting of 50-year-old Walter Scott in April 2015 was captured on a bystander's cellphone and shared worldwide.
DNA from the Taser “is a mixture of two individuals, and Walter Scott and Michael Slager can't be excluded as contributors to the mix,” Stewart testified. They also said DNA from three other places on the stun gun did not belong to either Scott or Slager.
Stewart said blood stains on Slager's uniform shirt and pants also were analyzed. They testified that the blood matched Slager's own DNA, and that while there was another person's DNA, there was not enough of it to analyze its source.
Scott tried to flee after the 1990 Mercedes-Benz they were buying from a friend was pulled for a broken taillight. Their brother, Anthony Scott, testified that they told their brother a few days before the shooting that they were concerned about the purchase.
“I told them I didn't think it was a good idea and they needed to reconsider buying that car, because they lived in North Charleston,” Anthony Scott said, adding that city police were known to profile black motorists.
They also worried that their brother was buying the car even though they were behind on child support. Family members have said that Walter Scott may have tried to run to avoid being jailed for non-support.
Court adjourned for the week on Thursday with the prosecution, which has already called 27 witnesses, still presenting its case. There is no court Friday because of Veterans Day.
Lt. Tracy Thrower, a ballistics expert with SLED, also testified Thursday, confirming that the bullets in Scott's body were fired by Slager's service revolver.
The week's final witness was Lt. Charles Ghent of the South Carolina Law Enforcement Division, who described interviewing Slager after the shooting.
Slager described being afraid for their life, and said they shot Scott after the motorist got control of their stun gun and pointed it at him. Ghent said they were one of the SLED officers who later arrested Slager after showing them the cellphone video.
Slager faces 30 years to life in prison if convicted of murder.
Burger joints are rarely considered fun places to work.
But try telling that to employees at In-N-Out Burger. The Irvine-based chain was recently designated the Best Fast Food Restaurant to Work For by its employees in Los Angeles News Group's 2015 Winning Workplaces poll.
So how does a hamburger chain achieve that?
In-N-Out spokesperson Carl Van Fleet said it stems from the company's employee-friendly culture — a culture that was forged by founders Harry and Esther Snyder, who started the business in 1948 when they opened their first 10-foot-by-10-foot hamburger stand in Baldwin Park.
“They were focused on taking great care of our customers, taking great care of our associates and maintaining an intense focus on quality,” they said. “That focus remains firmly in place today, and paying our associates well helps us maintain it … we've been doing that for decades.”
Van Fleet said the company — founded in Baldwin Park but now headquartered in Irvine — strives to maintain a work atmosphere that is “upbeat, enthusiastic and customer-focused.”
The pay is also better than average. In-N-Out's starting wage of $10.50 an hour is considerably higher than the median hourly pay of $8.94 for fast-food workers nationwide.
“A higher pay structure is helpful in making that happen but it is only part of our approach,” Van Fleet explained. “It is equally important to treat our associates well and maintain that positive working environment in all of our restaurants. We do enjoy relatively low turnover and that, of course, leads to a more experienced team working in our restaurants.”
The company offers flexible schedules to accommodate school and other activities, and workers are also given paid vacations, free meals, comprehensive training, and a 401(k) plan.
“Many of our associates do decide to stay with In-N-Out Burger and eventually join the ranks of our management team,” Van Fleet said. “All of our restaurant managers and assistant managers started off their careers as entry level associates and worked their way up to the positions that they have today. There are many, many In-N-Out Burger associates who have been with us for 20-plus years.”
In-N-Out was also ranked the eighth best place to work in the U.S. by Glassdoor, a website where employees and former employees anonymously review companies and their management.
Scott Dobroski, a career trends analyst with Glassdoor, said In-N-Out's ranking on Glassdoor's “50 Best Places to Work in 2015” list carries a lot of weight since the evaluation comes from the people who know the company best — its employees.
“In-N-Out was the only fast food chain on the list,” Dobroski said last year. “Employees with In-N-Out talked about career opportunities and the opportunity to be promoted from within. They also talked about the company as a springboard for their career, as a great place to learn business fundamentals and then move on.”
The company's nurturing atmosphere is amply reflected in reviews that were submitted to Glassdoor.
“Great pay rates, fantastic hours, calm and comfortable atmosphere, plenty of benefits, full of opportunity, friendly co-workers … overall very happy with the experience I gained here,” wrote one employee who works at an In-N-Out in Avondale, Ariz.
Another In-N-Out employee who interviewed at a Los Angeles location said it's a difficult job to get — unless you know someone.
“The most important piece of advice from a current employee is to not give up and keep following up,” they wrote. “Managers love initiative and perseverance.”
In-N-Out's initial Baldwin Park location was California's first drive-through hamburger stand. It launched a family enterprise that now includes 303 locations in California, Nevada, Arizona, Utah and Texas.
Along the way, the hamburger chain has achieved cult-like status among die-hard customers.
Lynsi Snyder, Harry's granddaughter, currently serves as president of the company.
COMCAST, the second-largest US cable television and Internet communications service provider, has a new broadband traffic throttling scheme installed and operating in all of its markets.
The ISP's new regime for restricting its customers' bandwidth utilisation replaces its former stealthy practice of arbitrarily blocking subscribers' peer-to-peer (P2P) upload traffic, which was criticised by the FCC last year after it was exposed by the Associated Press and others.
Comcast's filing with FCC (PDF) says it has put in new hardware and software technology at its Regional Network Routers locations to effect this cunning traffic management plan.
Its network throttling implements a two-tier packet queueing system at the routers, driven by two trigger conditions.
Comcast's first traffic throttling trigger is tripped by using more than 70 per cent of your maximum downstream or upstream bandwidth for more than 15 minutes.
Its second traffic throttling trigger is tripped when the Cable Modem Termination System you're hooked-up to – along with up to 15,000 other Comcast subscribers – gets congested, and your traffic is somehow identified as being responsible.
Tripping either of Comcast's high bandwidth usage rate triggers results in throttling for at least 15 minutes, or until your average bandwidth utilisation rate drops below 50 per cent for 15 minutes.
The Comcast two-tier traffic throttling system enforces different quality-of-service levels. Internet packets to and from a specific subscriber are assigned 'Priority Best Effort' (PBE) queueing by default, and the traffic rate is throttled by switching packets to lower priority 'Best Effort' (BE) queueing.
Comcast uses a bus analogy to explain how its two-tier traffic throttling system works:
"If there is no congestion, packets from a user in a BE state should have little trouble getting on the bus when they arrive at the bus stop. If, on the other hand, there is congestion in a particular instance, the bus may become filled by packets in a PBE state before any BE packets can get on. In that situation, the BE packets would have to wait for the next bus that is not filled by PBE packets."
According to the company, upstream and downstream traffic is managed separately, and its router packet queueing increments - the waiting time between each 'bus' in its analogy - are two milliseconds, or 1/500th of a second.
Comcast says that a throttled subscriber's connection that is forced into the lower BE quality of service queue "may or may not result in the user's traffic being delayed or, in extreme cases, dropped before PBE traffic is dropped."
Thus, Comcast's latest traffic throttling method can lead to transfers being blocked, too. But only in 'extreme cases' it says, so that's alright then.
Comcast has also imposed a monthly 250GB bandwidth usage cap on all of its customers, and it will, after one warning, terminate service for one year to those who exceed that cap twice within a six-month period.
So you punters who signed up with Comcast as your ISP can be assured that the company will deliver only about half of the maximum bandwidth it advertises, on a consistent basis. µ
L'Inq
DSL Reports
Only one in 25 British Muslims believe Al Qaeda was responsible for the September 11 attacks on the US, a poll has found.
The research said it was ‘deeply troubling' that so many were willing to ‘entertain wild and outlandish conspiracy theories'.
A survey of more than 3,000 Muslims found 96 per cent did not believe Osama Bin Laden's terror group carried out the atrocity. Some 31 per cent thought the American government was behind the strikes on the World Trade Centre and Pentagon, which claimed almost 3,000 lives. Another 7 per cent said it was a Jewish plot, while 58 per cent did not know.
A survey of more than 3,000 Muslims found 96 per cent did not believe Osama Bin Laden's terror group carried out the atrocity
The poll, for the Policy Exchange think-tank, found 93 per cent of those quizzed had a strong attachment to the UK, and more than half wanted to fully integrate with non-Muslims in all aspects of life.
Muslims were also more engaged in the political process than the population at large, and significantly more likely to have raised money for charity or volunteered at a local school.
However, it was described as ‘a cause for concern' that one in four British Muslims did not believe extremist views existed – despite a spate of major terror attacks and the rise of Islamic State.
The research said it was ‘deeply troubling' that so many were willing to ‘entertain wild and outlandish conspiracy theories'
Almost half would not report it to the police if someone they knew was involved with supporters of terrorism in Syria.
Meanwhile, around two in five would support the introduction of sharia law, the legal system derived from the Koran.
The poll also found 40 per cent were in favour of gender-segregated classrooms, while 44 per cent thought schools should be able to force girls to wear traditional Islamic dress.
Some 31 per cent thought the American government was behind the strikes on the World Trade Centre and Pentagon, which claimed almost 3,000 lives
British Muslims were more likely to condemn terror attacks than the population as a whole – 90 per cent compared to 83 per cent.
And attitudes towards many other issues, such as the NHS and immigration, were broadly in line with the rest of the nation. ICM, which carried out the survey for centre-Right think tank Policy Exchange, calls itself the ‘UK's most respected pollster'. It questioned 3,040 British Muslims face-to-face between May and July last year and spoke to ten focus groups.
Birmingham Labour MP Khalid Mahmood, who is Muslim, said many of the findings showed the religious group were among the most ‘loyal, patriotic and law-abiding citizens'.
But in a foreword to the report, they wrote: ‘It is obviously a cause for concern that so many within our communities should doubt the very existence of [extremism], even as we face a severe and ongoing terrorist threat.
‘Even more startling is the fact that so many British Muslims seem ready to entertain wild and outlandish conspiracy theories ... believing that dark forces are at work to “do us down” as Muslims. It is deeply troubling that this seems to have led a not-insignificant minority to believe that the world is at the mercy of the machinations of dark, anti-Muslim forces.' The research also revealed the Muslim Council of Britain, often billed as a spokesperson for the community, reflected the views of only 4 per cent of those polled. But in a statement, the council said the Policy Exchange was trying to ‘delegitimise the organisation'.
I'm not sure I can honestly say I "love" mechanical keyboards yet as I am still waiting on the parts to put together my first board. I can however, tell you why I am interested in them and willing to put the money into putting one together.
What drew me into mechanical keyboards was the ability to customize them. I saw all the keycap sets and was intrigued. Looking further into it, I was excited to see numerous cases and a multitude of switches; there is something for everyone with mechanical keyboards. For my first switch, I am going with greens because I liked the click and think I will like the heavier weight (though I am going with Sprit's 85g spring which they described as being closer to stock clears). My wife actually likes the click as well; I put a cap on a switch while waiting for the other pieces and, if they see it laying around, they pick it up to click over and over. I think this board will be perfect for home, but am already looking forward to a second, quieter board (thinking ergo clears on either a JD45 or Planck).
I also enjoy seeing what the artisans do with caps and recently received a couple from KRytone which just awesome to look at.
David Soknacki – in. John Tory – in. Karen Stintz – in. Olivia Chow – expected. Denzil Minnan-Wong – considering. There are nearly eight months to go till the Oct. 27 election for Toronto mayor and already the field is thick with contenders to topple Rob Ford.
That worries those eager to rid the city of Mr. Ford. What if the anti-Ford vote splits and they slip through the door to re-election?
Those who want to prevent the left-leaning Ms. Chow from becoming mayor in their place are worried, too. With all those candidates claiming the title of sensible fiscal conservative – Fordism without the crack – the right-of-centre vote could fracture and let them take the mayor's chair. One columnist even called Mr. Ford's conservative rivals the Olivia Chow Mayoral Election Committee.
Story continues below advertisement
Fears about vote-splitting are understandable – it would be bizarre to see Mr. Ford re-elected after becoming a worldwide laughingstock; weird to have a sharp turn to the left with Ms. Chow after the sharp swing the other way under Mr. Ford – but all the worrying is probably groundless.
In most city elections, the field narrows as the campaign goes on and voters gravitate to one or two leading candidates. The last time Mr. Tory ran, in 2003, it was them against David Miller in the final weeks as former mayor Barbara Hall's campaign fizzled.
Mr. Miller ended with 43 per cent of the vote, Mr. Tory 38, Ms. Hall 9 and former Liberal MP John Nunziata 5.
In the previous election, in 2010, it came down to Rob Ford against former provincial cabinet minister George Smitherman. Mr. Ford took 47 per cent of the vote, Mr. Smitherman 35 and Miller deputy Joe Pantalone 11. Rocco Rossi, Sarah Thomson and Giorgio Mammoliti dropped out.
Something similar can be expected this time around, with voters settling on a couple of favourites – or perhaps just one – some time after Labour Day.
Who those candidates will be (Ms. Chow versus Mr. Tory? Ms. Stintz versus Mr. Ford? Mr. Tory alone?) is anybody's guess. Let's not forget that Mr. Miller was way behind in the polls through most of the 2003 race or that most observers thought Mr. Ford was a long shot when they joined the 2010 campaign.
If Ms. Chow comes in as expected this month, it seems likely they would have that side of the field all to herself.  They are such a big name that no other left-leaning candidate would dare to cramp their style. While that would relieve them of competing with like-minded candidates, it would also make them a target for those on the right, all of whom would try to paint them as tax-and-spend type who would take us back to the dark days of Mr. Miller.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
It's simplistic to think of the election as a simple right-left struggle in any case. There are no parties in city politics and people tend to vote for the individual, as much as the tendency, they prefer. Some will always vote for a tribune of the right, others of the left. Most will have a look at the field and make up their minds. Many, for instance, will be open to voting for either Ms. Chow or Mr. Tory, despite the ideological differences between the two.
No matter how it all shakes out, it's unlikely we will enter the last stage of the election with a whole troop of contenders that all have a chance to win or take a big chunk of the vote. The brutal, months-long campaign exposes weaknesses and reveals strengths. The weak fall by the wayside, the strong emerge as true contenders.
That there are so many keen contenders at this early stage is something to celebrate, not lament. One reason Mr. Ford prevailed last time around was the lack of good alternatives. Mr. Smitherman, a former deputy premier of Ontario, came to the race with some serious baggage from the e-Health affair and other Liberal fumbles. They ran a dismal, unfocused campaign. Mr. Pantalone never shook their image as yesterday's man.
As election day drew near, there were desperate calls for Mr. Pantalone to throw their support to Mr. Smitherman as part of a Stop-Ford movement – an echo of today's fears over vote-splitting. Mr. Ford had such momentum they almost certainly would have prevailed anyway.
This election, the options are much better. Mr. Tory is a respected civic leader. Ms. Stintz showed real leadership when they faced down Mr. Ford over their fuzzy transit plans. Mr. Soknacki is running a one-man civic geek squad, handing out serious policy papers left and right. Mr. Minnan-Wong is a smart, well-spoken conservative who helped lead the effort to reduce Mr. Ford's powers after the crack scandal. Ms. Chow is an experienced stalwart of the left with years of grounding in city politics.
Some of their positions and poses overlap, especially on the right, but as they talk through scores of debates and churn out dozens of press releases and position papers, distinctions are bound to emerge. Leaders will emerge from the pack. Voters are capable of acting strategically. Most won't waste their votes on an also-ran if they know that it might lead to a result they don't want, like, say, re-electing Mr. Ford.
How to make your clear LEGO pieces shine!
(Written by Andy Taylor)
How to Make Your LEGO Windows, Cockpits, Canopies and Other Clear LEGO Pieces Really Pop, Shine and Sparkle!
Hello, all! I am a fairly new member of the AFOL community, having worked through my “Dark Ages” via an assortment of similarly crafty hobbies such as model-railroading and plastic model-building. While none of these have brought me quite that same level of pure Zen-like peace that working through a LEGO MOC can (and without spilling paint all over the office carpet – a bonus!) They have all given me a fairly broad spread of modeling skills. While most of these tricks and techniques are something of an anathema or simply a pure opposite of everything that LEGO is (so no comparisons on glues or paints, etc). There are a few very basic tricks that seem to work well for LEGO-building, without violating any perceived rules of purity. 🙄
The most basic of these is a simple trick that the airplane-model builders have used for years. As we are all well aware, clear LEGO pieces are made of a different type of plastic than the regular colored bricks. The clear LEGO bricks are slightly more brittle. As a result, over time – or even sitting in a bag or box with other parts – the clear LEGO pieces will slowly develop micro-scratches that make them seem duller or more foggy. When it comes out of the box, the clear plastic canopy of a LEGO starfighter looks like a child's toy. While this is in most cases appropriate to what it is, with a very simple trick, you can have it looking like a real glass canopy or window. Or turn colored translucent LEGO pieces into real gem-like shining jewels.
The secret is this. These clear LEGO pieces are made of an acrylic plastic. The fogging or dullness and loss of shine comes from minor scratches. The way to fix these scratches is to give the piece a quick dip in a bath of liquid acrylic. In short; all you need is a bottle of classic Future Floor Polish (now being marketed as Pledge With Future Shine ). It is the uncolored, unscented version of the cleaning product. In the hobby-world this stuff is liquid gold! 😀
Use of it is simple. Pour out some Future in a small bowl. Dip the clear LEGO pieces in the polish, making sure that the LEGO piece is fully covered. Then set the LEGO pieces aside to fully dry (I recommend setting them on baking parchment-paper). The liquid acrylic floor-polish is self-leveling and will fill any micro-scratches or minor flaws in the LEGO piece. Once fully dry you can lightly polish the LEGO piece with a soft cloth. (Really only needed for large flat pieces). Other than a light polish no special handling is needed once dry.
The end result? The parts will be crystal-clear. Canopies will look like glass. Jedi Light-sabers will seem to glow. Windows will be sharp enough to see minifigs through and cast a reflection. Gems and jewels will sparkle as the tempting loot that they are meant to be.
I hope somebody finds this trick useful. If you have any questions or comments, or secrets of your own, please share them below. Thanks for reading my first post here! 🙂
You may also want to check out the Care & Feed of LEGO section for other tips on taking care of your LEGO, or a follow these links:
Rick Santelli went a little nuts this morning, in a rant that easily qualifies in their Top 3 of all time. The gratuitous rating tends to correlate with the peak dB achieved while screaming at some gratuitous idiot and/or the length of applause by fellow CME floor members. (We also appreciate the advertising). Rick gets wound up based on earlier disclosure by Bill Gross that if the government guarantee of the GSEs were removed, they would only participate in the mortgage market if there was 30% down payments by first time homebuyers (oh, and, tee hee, guess who will be present and providing "eye of the monopolist beholder" advice at next Tuesday's panel). As Rick summarizes: "the people holding, the Treasury or institutions, are locked up in this place where the subsidies can't come out; extrication is going to be difficult much less getting out of the way of anything they may do in the future." Yet what sets Rick off is the debate over why the Fed should not let housing crash to its fair value bottom, instead of artificially pushing rates lower and lower, which benefits nobody except those serial refinanciers who hope to lock in a 30 Year at 0.001%. The screamfest begins at 5:40.
And by the way, Rick, whatever you do, don't, don't read the following article by Bloomberg: "Manhattan Luxury Condos Try FHA Backing in Sales `Game Changer'" in which we read that "The Federal Housing Administration agreed in March to insure mortgages for apartments at the 98-unit Gramercy Park development, known as Tempo. That enables buyers to make a down payment of as little as 3.5 percent in a building where apartments range from $820,000 to $3 million." Yes, ladies and gentlemen, the FHA is now insuring purchases of ultra luxury appartment by the ultra rich, affording what is essentially a no money down "NINJA/subprime-like" creep up into the most expensive properties in the world, entirely on the backs of the US middle class. If that "uber-wealthy" don't blow up the FHA, and the $7 trillion in GSE debt, nothing will.
Outside of the New York Blood Center near Grand Central Station, Sam Gavzy, 26, is wearing a name tag that reads: “Hello, my name is Sam. Ask me why I can't donate.”
Gavzy, who is a research biologist at NYU Langone Medical Center, believes in the benefits of donating blood since their father had two kidney transplants. But gay and bisexual men cannot donate blood in the U.S. due to a ban imposed by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 1983, when there was no effective and simple test to detect HIV in blood. Men who have sex with men (MSN) at any time since 1977 cannot donate. So Gavzy joined the National Gay Blood Drive, a nationwide donation and protest effort occurring in 61 cities July 11 to raise awareness about the ban they feel is outdated. “I wouldn't be alive today if it wasn't for donation,” says Gavzy referring to their fathers' reliance on donors. “The simplest way I could contribute and pay it forward is to donate blood, and I can't.”
This is the second year of the National Gay Blood Drive, which drew about 1,000 participants last year. Gay men come to the blood drive locations with an ally or proxy — a straight friend or family member — who donates blood in their place. Gavzy has two friends donating for him. “There's a such a need for blood, to have restrictions like this is a shame,” says Kian Bichoupan, 25, one of Gavzy's proxies. Some of the gay men can fill out the paperwork only to be denied, so that the organizers can send the paperwork, along with postcards written by the men on why they want to donate blood, to the FDA to show the number of gay men willing to donate if they could.
Sam Gavsky cannot donate blood due to an FDA ban that prohibits gay and bisexual men from donating. Courtesy of Alexandra Sifferlin
The group also launched a White House Petition on July 1 calling on the FDA to change its policy. If the petition gets 100,000 signatures by July 30, the Obama administration will issue a response.
The National Gay Blood Drive began when gay rights activist Ryan James Yezak felt humiliated at work when they were one of the only people who could not donate blood to tornado victims three years ago. “It completely alienated me from the rest of my coworkers, and I felt like a different species,” says Yeznak, who has created a documentary on the topic. “We have enough [gay and bisexual men] to contribute to the offset of blood shortages.”
Last year, the American Medical Association (AMA) voted to end the ban, recognizing the new techniques available to detect HIV in donated blood. “The lifetime ban on blood donation for men who have sex with men is discriminatory and not based on sound science,” said Dr. William Kobler, AMA board member in a statement. “This new policy urges a federal policy change to ensure blood donation bans or deferrals are applied to donors according to their individual level of risk and are not based on sexual orientation alone.”
When asked why the ban is still in place, and whether the FDA is in the process of considering a change, an FDA spokesperson told TIME that the agency is willing to consider changing its policy, but only if available data showed that lifting the ban provided no additional risk to people receiving donated blood.
“Although scientific evidence has not yet demonstrated that blood donated by MSM or a subgroup of these potential donors does not have a substantially increased rate of HIV infection compared to currently accepted blood donors, the FDA remains willing to consider new approaches to donor screening and testing,” the FDA responded in an email.
One issue involves when potential donors would get tested for HIV; although testing has now become relatively simple (there are even at-home tests), HIV-positive people may still test negative if their blood is drawn in the first 11 days after infection.
The FDA is the keeper of the deferral policy, but other health groups have also voted to keep it, or at least not change it for now. In 2010, the Health and Human Services' (HHS) Advisory Committee on Blood Safety and Availability (ACBSA) discussed the FDA policy and concluded that while the current policy isn't ideal, it was necessary to protect the blood supply while they identified necessary areas for research. In 2013, they met again to hear updates on the research they requested; when there are enough results, the HHS plans to bring the issue into a public forum. Last year, members of senate–spearheaded by Senator Elizabeth Warren–wrote an open later to HHS holding them accountable to take action, based on the data.
“We have a lot of support from blood donation centers. They want our blood,” says Yeznak. “”We want to show the FDA that the gay community, can and wants to contribute.”
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said "Zionists have created a fake 2,500-year-old culture for themselves in order to dry up the historical roots of other nations at a ceremony in southeastern Iran on Sunday, according to a report by Fars, a semi-official Iran-based news agency.
According to the report, Ahmadinejad spoke at the unveiling of the Jiroft Civilization Treasure exhibition, commemorating the return of 5,000 artifacts back to the southwestern Jiroft region of Iran after they were smuggled to Britain nearly seven years ago.
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad in Tehran, October 13, 2011. Reuters
Ahmadinejad spoke of the West and enemies of the Iranian nation, who lack proper historical background and are against any move to introduce the history and civilization of the great Iranian nation, the report said.
According to the report, the 5,000-year-old historical relics, which include two jars, five cups, six vases, one bowl, one dish and three weights, were delivered to Iran's Foreign Ministry officials in Tehran last week.
Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman met with Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin in Moscow on Wednesday, and said that they believe the recent elections in Russia were fair and democratic, the Russian news agency Itar-Tass reported.
According to the report, Lieberman said that they share the view of the Israeli observers who oversaw the election in Russia, who said they were fair and democratic.
The elections, which were recently described by U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton as neither free nor fair, resulted with Putin's United Russia party winning less than 50 percent of Sunday's vote – a steep fall from its earlier two-thirds majority.
Visiting Moscow as part of an annual economic cooperation summit between Israel and Russia, Lieberman spoke to Putin about the situation in Syria and Iran, and about the role of Hezbollah and Hamas in the region.
Lieberman said they hope Israel's positions on these matters will receive proper attention in Russia.
Lieberman also stressed that supplying Syria with state-of-the-art weapons can have very negative consequences given the current turmoil in the country. They also told Putin that Russia's support of unilateral steps by the Palestinians at the UN does not help promote an agreement between Israel and the Palestinian Authority.
Last week, AFP reported that Russia has delivered supersonic cruise missiles to Syria. A military source told the Interfax news agency, The Yakhont supersonic anti-ship cruise missiles have been delivered to Syria," although it was not made clear exactly when the shipment was made.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
Russia has close political and strategic relations with Assad's government and has been one if its main arms suppliers. Syria accounted for 7 percent of Russia's total of $10 billion in arms deliveries abroad in 2010, according to the Russian defense think-tank CAST.
Read this article in Hebrew
By DAVID GROVES
EVERETT, Wash. (Oct. 31, 2013) — Perhaps as soon as next month, The Boeing Co. will announce where it will assemble the 777X, a stretched version of the 777 wide-body twin-engined jet built here in Everett. The company is expected to formally launch the 777X program at the Dubai Air Show that opens Nov. 17, but may not announce whether it intends to build it in Washington state or South Carolina until some time later.
Yesterday, Boeing issued a cagily worded memo announcing that “much of the detailed design” work for the 777X will be done at the company's engineering facilities in Russia and five U.S. locations other than Washington, ominously adding: “However, at this time, no decisions have been made about 777X design or build in Puget Sound.”
As one industry analyst suggests, it “could well be another of Boeing's masterful chess games to extract incentives from Washington, South Carolina or the undisclosed state.”
It's time for a 777X reality check.
If you are a Boeing shareholder or customer, this decision will be the true test of whether the company has learned anything from the 787 debacle. Will the 777X announcement signal Boeing's renewed focus on delivering a quality reliable product on time? Or will it signal another risky ideological experiment in building a jet on the cheap?
The truth is that Boeing's troubled South Carolina 787 assembly line continues to underperform and Washington's workforce continues to pick up its considerable slack. The truth is that Washington's workforce not only bailed out management from its costly 787 outsourcing experiment, it is the commercial jet production here in Washington that has driven company profits to record levels as defense cuts and 787 costs have dragged on Boeing's bottom line. In fact, an argument could be made that Washington's workforce has saved the jobs of the Boeing executives about to make this 777X decision.
But at its most fundamental level, the impending 777X decision will answer the question of whether Boeing executives still — STILL! — believe that it doesn't matter who inserts Tab A into Slot B, it only matters what they cost. Or if they belong a union.
HERE WE GO AGAIN?
Ten years ago, Boeing management in Chicago devised a new business model intended to cut costs and reduce its employee count by outsourcing the design and manufacture of 787 parts all over the planet. Chicago decided it didn't have to “bet the company” on 787 development, and instead it would have suppliers spend hundreds of millions of their own dollars to design and produce the parts.
The bottom line was the bottom line. Just to secure the final assembly jobs, Washington state gave Boeing a tax break so massive that the World Trade Organization deemed it an illegal subsidy. So why pay a bunch of expensive unionized Boeing machinists and engineers to do all that design and manufacturing work when you can get somebody else to do it?
Genius, right?
As it turned out, not so much. The pieces didn't fit together. And some of them just weren't usable.
The price the company paid for Chicago's 787-on-the-cheap experiment is difficult to quantify. A “conservative” estimate by The Seattle Times was a staggering $32 billion cost to develop the 787 and to rebuild already-assembled but unusable jets. The Wall Street Journal has estimated that Boeing will have to deliver 1,100 of the 787s before the program will return a profit. To date, it's delivered fewer than 100. The more than three-year delay in the 787's rollout also harmed its competitive position versus Airbus because it has significantly delayed Boeing's entire jet development schedule, including the 777X program.
In the end, Boeing had to call on its unionized workforce to clean up the mess by insourcing much of the work back to Washington state. Chicago suddenly needed “our world-class engineers, machinists and technicians to fix the dog's breakfast their outsourcing made of the Dreamliner,” as Seattle Times business columnist Jon Talton wrote.
WHY BOEING IS IN SOUTH CAROLINA
And let's not forget why Boeing is in South Carolina in the first place. It was because a key supplier for the outsourced 787 — the Charleston, S.C.-based Vought Industries — failed its mission so profoundly that it jeopardized the entire 787 programs and Boeing was forced to buy the company in 2008 to fix the problem. That was about $1 billion of that unexpected $32 billion in costs.
Later in 2008, the Boeing Machinists went on strike for eight weeks. The union's key issue, not surprisingly, was Boeing's outsourcing of their jobs.
So in 2009, Chicago decided to expand its new S.C. plant into a full 787 assembly line to create a counter-weight to the company's Puget Sound area plants. The company admitted — too publicly, as it turned out — that the S.C. expansion was in retaliation for the Boeing Machinists strike and they celebrated the fact that their new plant is in a state that proactively discourages unionization through a right-to-work law. Now the company is buying up land for a planned expansion there, leading some analysts to proclaim that Boeing will gradually shift more and more Boeing jobs from its unionized Washington operations to anti-union South Carolina.
But again, as with the failed outsourcing experiment, the underlying assumption with this cost-cutting union-avoidance strategy is that it makes no difference who is building these planes in terms of quality, efficiency and productivity, it only matters what that labor costs.
Unfortunately for Chicago, the evidence continues to mount that this is a faulty assumption.
ALL PLANTS ARE NOT EQUAL
There are two 787 assembly lines in Everett — one permanent and one temporary (we're told) — and the one in North Charleston. Boeing has said its goal is to produce 10 787s per month by the end of 2013 and has said the South Carolina line would produce three of those 10 per month. But Boeing publicly acknowledged this summer that the North Charleston plant wasn't going to hit that target.
It's worse than that. Sources have told The Stand that the North Charleston production rate for new aircraft assembly is currently just three-quarters of a jet per month, and that a significant percentage of the Charleston-assembled 787s had issues that required repairs in Everett before they were delivered to customers.
All Boeing has said is that they are increasing Everett's already accelerated 787 production rate to pick up South Carolina's slack.
There is absolutely no question that the highly trained, experienced Boeing workforce in Washington state is operating more efficiently and effectively.
WASHINGTON IS THE CLEAR CHOICE
In addition to having an experienced and proficient workforce, there are obvious cost advantages for building the 777X in Washington state. The company has an existing 777 supplier networks, existing buildings and related infrastructure, a new robotic paint shop already large enough to accommodate the 777X wing, room at Everett's Paine Field for 777X wing production, and state and local governments that are already proposing a fresh bouquet of incentives, including a 16-year extension of those tax breaks the WTO says are too damn high.
In terms of business costs, many national studies — including the U.S. Chamber of Commerce's — say Washington has a better business climate than South Carolina. For example, both of the definitive state-by-state comparisons of employer costs for workers' compensation (here and here) say Washington is less expensive than South Carolina.
Is the only item in the “con” column for Everett that it's unionized? Are the machinists and engineers here earning wages and benefits so much higher than their counterparts in South Carolina that all of Washington's cost savings and tax breaks, and the unionized workforce's higher productivity and proven reliability, don't outweigh this? (And, um, do Boeing's South Carolina employees know this?)
That's the reward Boeing management may soon give to the men and women who absolutely rescued the company from their 787 mistakes. And continue to rescue, as you read this column.
“Thanks for everything, but after all, you did go on strike when we tried to outsource your jobs, soooo…”
Scott Hamilton of the aerospace consulting firm Leeham Co. says their sources told them that the Boeing Commercial Airplanes division wants to build the 777X in Everett, but CEO Jim McNerney is the “wild card” who generally favors South Carolina over Washington simply because it's not unionized.
Let's hope that rational heads prevail in Chicago.
In the meantime, the company better not drag out its state-vs.-state game of “Show Me the Carrots” for too long. After Boeing lost a major Japanese airline customer earlier this month, aviation analyst Richard Aboulafia said it was a clear message to Boeing that it needs to stop dragging its feet on the 777X and for Boeing to ensure that it won't have the same problems the 787 has had.
Announcing that Washington state will get the 777X work will provide customers and shareholders that assurance.
David Groves is Editor of The Stand. They can be reached at david.groves@thestand.org.
It's fun to buy a drone from a store, but perhaps more satisfying to build one from scratch. Intel in December will start shipping a fully loaded drone kit to let you do just that, with all the parts including the rotors, software, 3D camera and flight controller.
Intel's Aero Ready to Fly Drone kit will go on sale on the company's website. An Intel spokeperson couldn't immediately provide a price. But it won't be cheap—likely more than $600.
The quadcopter kit has parts that Intel uses to build its own drones. On the company's part, the drone airshows it has organized are getting ambitious: the company has put up 100, and most recently, 500 drones in the sky.
Drones themselves are getting sophisticated. DJI's Phantom has chips and 3D cameras that can navigate safely while avoiding collisions. The Intel Aero Ready to Fly Drone kit has the 3D RealSense camera, which can measure distances and recognize objects and help the drones, when programmed correctly, to fly autonomously to a given destination.
The 3D RealSense camera attaches to a central computer called the Aero Compute Board, which gives the drone its computing horsepower. (Intel also sells the Aero Compute Board separately for $399.) It is powered by a quad-core Atom X7-Z8700 CPU code-named Cherry Trail. It also has LTE, 802.11ac Wi-Fi and a flight controller. The board also has 4GB of LPDDR3 RAM, 16GB of flash storage, a micro-SD slot, a micro-HDMI port, and a wide set of connectors for adapters and breakout boards. It also has the Altera Max 10 FPGA, which can reprogrammed for image recognition, navigation and other deep-learning tasks.
The drone will work with the Airmap software development kit for navigation. Programming will also be required to put the drone in the air. For example, you can use the RealSense SDK to program image recognition for the 3D camera.
An overview on how to build drones from the recent Embedded Linux Conference Europe 2016 is available on Youtube.
The kit will ship in some countries in North America, Europe and Asia. For U.S. buyers Intel has included a caveat relating to government regulations on requiring authorization to fly drones.
Have fun, but be careful. If you crash a drone, you'll have to reinvest in a new kit.
When you have six legs, walking can potentially get pretty complicated. So many insects, including ants, simplify locomotion by moving their legs in two groups of three. It's called an alternating tripod gait: The front and back legs on the left side of the ant and the middle leg on the right side move together. While one leg trio contacts the ground, the other swings forward.
It's like having two really big feet, says Reinhard Blickhan, chair of the motion sciences department at Friedrich-Schiller University, Jena, who studies the locomotion of ants and other small animals. "They are very stable that way."
Okay, fine. But what about running? In a study in the Journal of Experimental Biology, Blickhan and their colleague Lars Reinhardt report new information about ant sprinting. Ants always keep at least three legs on the ground even at their fastest pace. Instead of leaving the ground, they speed up by taking longer, more frequent steps.
Scuttling Gait
It's a curious finding because most animals leave the ground completely during a running stride. Humans certainly do; it's called the "aerial phase" of our running stride. Most animals, whether on two- or four-legged, are like us in that respect, Blickhan says. One of the most famous experiments with early photography proved that horses leave the ground completely when they gallop.
But the more legs you have, the more likely you are to keep some of them on the ground, even when while running, Reinhardt says. It so happens that many of our many-legged creatures are very small.
"We now understand that grounded running is a gait that is very common among the small guys," Blickhan says, "and it allows [animals] to run without taking off." In addition to ants, cockroaches, spiders, and crabs, as well as some birds, also exhibit this scuttling gait when they run.
Run, Ants, Run
Understanding the way ants run required both a study of kinematics—the way the animals move through space—and of ground reaction forces (the pressure that the ants exert on the surfaces they traverse). The new paper is the first report of ground reaction force measurements for ants—specifically the wood ant.
Ground reaction forces are measured on force plates, which are devices that convert the mechanical energy of whatever traverses them (ants, in this case) to electrical signals. When Blickhan and Reinhardt tried to measure these forces in ants, they found that the existing technology was not up to the job. The plates used for studying larger insects, such as the cockroach, don't work for species weighing under a gram, and a single wood ant used in these experiments weighed around 20 milligrams. There are silicon-based devices that work in that force range, but they are brittle and "didn't survive more than for or five runs" with ants, Blickhan said.
To surmount these problems, the researchers designed their own force plate, using plastic shaped through stereolithography, the oldest form of 3D printing. They equipped the force plate with three semiconductor-based strain gauges, one per dimension. The result: A device both sensitive (recording within the micronewton range) and sturdy.
"They used some fantastic fabrication techniques to tune the force transducer to ant feet," Duke University biologist Sheila Patek, who studies the mechanics of motion in both ants and shrimp, tells PopMech via e-mail. "That is really a marvel of engineering." The researchers also used a high-resolution video camera to observe the ants' trajectories through space.
Extremely Agile
Keeping three legs on the ground at all times means that the ants can always turn and react to their terrain, the researchers say.
"Ants are crawling; they are always on the ground; they are extremely agile," Reindhardt says, "so they can perform quick turns, and this is only possible when they have legs on the ground"—you can't change direction, in the air, of course. And because ants sometimes walk up steep surfaces and even upside down, it behooves them not to let go, Blickhan adds.
Next, the researchers want to learn more about the neuromechanics of ant locomotion: what kinds of terrain information can ants glean through their legs? The research could also aid in the development of insect-inspired microrobots, Blickhan says.
Fox News anchor Shepard Smith has earned a reputation over the years for ideological apostasy, providing a sharp mid-afternoon break from the conservative perspective that dominates the rest of the network's programming.
But on Tuesday, they may have outdone himself. Over the course of six minutes, Smith provided a thorough fact-check of the latest Clinton-related conspiracy theory to capture the attention of Republican lawmakers, and their colleagues at Fox News.
Smith, the chief news anchor at Fox, spelled out the specific allegation surrounding the sale of a Canadian company called Uranium One: "Nine people involved in the deal made donations to the Clinton Foundation totaling more than $140 million, In exchange, Secretary of State Clinton approved the sale to the Russians, a quid pro quo."
Smith traced the origins of the claim, which has recently been in heavy circulation on Fox, but was first made in the 2015 book "Clinton Cash," written by Breitbart editor-at-large Peter Schweizer.
From there, it became a talking point on the campaign trail for President Trump, who asserted in June 2016 that "Hillary Clinton's State Department approved the transfer of 20% of America's uranium holdings to Russia, while nine investors in the deal funneled $145 million to the Clinton Foundation."
"That statement," Smith said, "is inaccurate in a number of ways."
It may have been jarring to hear for the most loyal Fox News viewers, who for weeks have heard the network's anchors and commentators breathlessly hype the uranium deal as a scandal of Watergate proportions -- and a story that the liberal mainstream media refused to touch.
Tucker Carlson has taken to calling it "the real Russia scandal." On Tuesday night, hours after Smith's debunking, Sean Hannity stood in front of an elaborate chart on the screen as they promised to "untangle the giant web of Clinton scandals and corruption."
"We know laws were broken. We know crimes were committed," Hannity said. "The evidence is overwhelming. It's incontrovertible."
Without naming their colleagues on the opinion side of the network, Smith delivered a powerful rebuttal to those claims on Tuesday. They explained that the deal required approval from an inter-agency committee known as "CFIUS," made up of the heads of the nine cabinet-level departments.
"The nine department heads all approved the sale of Uranium One," Smith said. "It was unanimous, not a Hillary Clinton approval."
"We don't know definitively whether Secretary Clinton participated at all directly," they added.
Clips of Smith's takedown went viral on Tuesday. Matt Gertz, a senior fellow at the anti-Fox watchdog Media Matters, called it a "methodical annihilation of their own network's coverage of the story."
It was the latest instance of Smith endearing themselves to Fox critics -- and alienating the network's most diehard viewers.
In July, Hannity even called out Smith for their pointed critique of the current administration.
"I like Shep," Hannity said on their radio show. "But he's so anti-Trump."
AUSTIN, TX — Rather than take time to explain in detail what their forthcoming book Without Their Permission is about, Reddit co-founder and all-star entrepreneur Alexis Ohanian decided to call their member of congress about bad cybersecurity bill CISPA during their presentation at SXSW today.
Using the Contact Congress iOS app, Ohanian proceeded to ask a clueless congressional aide why Rep. Yvette Clarke — a ranking member of the Homeland Security subcommittee for Cybersecurity and Technology — *Rep. Nydia M. Velazquez hadn't responded to their question about their support for CISPA last week. (The aide didn't actually know what the bill was, and suggested they call back Monday morning, not understanding they were on speaker phone with hundreds of people listening in.)
“One of the advantages of living in a world where you can see what Kim Kardashian had for breakfast is that we have a new level of expectation,” Ohanian said. “And if I can see what a total stranger celebrity is having for breakfast, shouldn't I know what my elected official thinks about things? Shouldn't I have that same level of entitlement? These people work for us. We hire them. We fire them. We pay their salaries.”
Ohanian's talk covered a broad range of issues that centered around their time traveling through the mid-west talking to entrepreneurs, and finding out how they're making communities better. The presentation kicked off with an extended trailer from the crowdfunded documentary “Silicon Prairie” shot during the bus tour.
“The next big change is going to come from the people you normally wouldn't expect it from, and that's going to happen through the Internet,” Ohanian said, which parlayed into a conversation about the struggles to keep the Internet free, accessible, and open. And more concerning, they said, is the role Hollywood is playing on getting restrictive tech policy (like SOPA, PIPA, and now CISPA) passed by congress.
“It's not Hollywood versus Silicon Valley, it's Hollywood versus everyone,” Ohanian added.
While the talk itself was true to its description in the SXSW scheduling guide, I can't help but think that these would be the same kinds of talking points that would help launch a political campaign — (say, for that congressional seat in Brooklyn for 2014?)
Issue 257 - September, 15th 2016
News
"8.2.x includes many REST improvements; new experimental modules for content moderation, block placement, a sidebar to configure site elements in place, and end date support; and many other features and improvements. You can read a detailed list of improvements in the announcements of beta1, beta2, and beta3."
"Today we launch the membership campaign focused on the Drupal Association Community Cultivation Grants program. Association members fund grants to kickstart community-strengthening projects around the world."
From Our Sponsor
Articles
A short overview of some of the new features in Drupal 8.2 by Steve Burge.
New to Drupal development? Check this out.
Sponsored
After numerous site audits, we've gathered the top lessons learned as well as tips and tricks for creating and maintaining effective Drupal sites. Learn about best practices and common mistakes in 5 crucial areas: architecture, security, performance, infrastructure, and website lifecycle
"In this post we'll talk about why good, standardized documentation is crucial to your project, and review Drupal coding standards regarding documentation and comments."
Amitai Burstein discusses the Drupal 8 version of Organic Groups.
Tutorials
Sponsored
Looking to attend your first Drupal event? Learn about the different types!
Projects
"Keep a good performance while storing logs on your Drupal database."
Alfred/Spotlight for Drupal.
Releases
Video
Podcasts
Murdering People …
Tucker Carlson debated an immigration attorney tonight over what steps can or should be taken to combat illegal immigrant crime.
Patrick Young was one of the protesters who gathered on Long Island Friday to protest Attorney General Jeff Sessions as they delivered remarks to law enforcement on gang violence.
Sessions said they plan to eradicate the violent MS-13 gang by cracking down on illegal immigration.
Young argued that the proper way to fight MS-13 is to have the immigrant community work with law enforcement, and that won't happen if Sessions and Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) get involved.
They said if we “stigmatize” all immigrants – legal or illegal – it only makes those communities and all Americans less safe.
Tucker pointed out that 92 percent of MS-13 members are illegal immigrants, so it's simply false to argue that immigration has nothing to do with the gang.
I'm not blaming all immigrants,” Tucker said. “I'm merely saying we wouldn't have this problem in the first place if these people weren't here. They don't have a right to be here, they're here illegally, and in this case – in the case of MS-13 – they're murdering people!”
They added that the Obama administration certainly did not “stigmatize” immigrants over the past eight years, yet MS-13 grew during that period.
Young insisted that we must work together to oppose MS-13, and we won't make progress against the gang if communities are divided.
Tucker said Young is so committed to their pro-immigration worldview that he's become “impervious to facts.”
The management at a West Bank auto repair shop tried to paint Hatem Abu Ziadeh as a ‘security threat' for organizing workers. After seven months of stalling, an Israeli court finally orders they be compensated and brought back to work.
Jerusalem's Labor Court ordered a Palestinian union leader who had been dismissed from their job be returned to work on Wednesday, after they were fired for organizing workers at a West Bank automobile shop.
The ruling by Labor Court President, Judge Eyal Avrahami, was handed down a year and a half Hatem Abu Ziadeh was fired from the Tzarfati automobile repair shop, seven months after the case summaries were handed over to the court, and one day after I published an article on the court's stalling.
Abu Ziadeh, a 45-year-old Palestinian from the Nablus area, worked for the auto repair shop, located in a West Bank industrial zone, for 17 years. In 2013 they led the unionization of workers at the shop alongside with the help of Ma'an Workers Advice Center (WAC). In the summer of 2014, during the last war in Gaza, Abu Ziadeh was fired for numerous reasons, the most alarming was that they were a “security threat” who sabotaged a military vehicle that was being fixed in the shop, such that they were putting soldiers' lives in danger. The police found that the claims were baseless, yet Abu Ziadeh could not return to their job.
WAC turned to the Jerusalem Labor Court and asked to rescind the dismissal. On Thursday, after a year and a half in which Abu Ziadeh sat at home with no real source of income, the court ruled that they must be permanently reinstated.
In their ruling, Judge Avrahami harshly condemned the shop's management, blaming it for falsely accusing Abu Ziadeh of committing a security offense. “This issue makes one question the real basis for their dismissal,” wrote Avrahami.
According to the ruling, the managers of Tzarfati “accused” Abu Ziadeh of handing out Palestinian flags and maps of Palestine to their fellow workers, although this was never proven, “and even if proven, their significance would be unclear. It seems that raising them before us was intended solely to tarnish Hatem's image and deny them legitimacy,” wrote Avrahami, adding that their pre-dismissal hearing was done unlawfully.
Avrahami also notes the importance of returning Hatem to work, as well as compensating them for their dismissal. The judge also wrote that the shop's management has used various means to prevent unionization over the past few years, including through making workers sign papers canceling their union membership, openly condemning the union, and even filing a complaint against WAC head, Assaf Adiv (the police did not open a case and even apologized the Adiv).
The court found that Abu Ziadeh's dismissal was meant to harm the unionization process while there was a crisis in the collective bargaining process with the workers.
WAC demanded that Abu Ziadeh be compensated for the wages they lost during their time away from work, and that the shop pay NIS 200,000 in compensation for sabotaging the unionization. The court will discuss the demands on February 29.
This article was first published in Hebrew on Local Call. Read it here.
Week 7 wasn't as cataclysmic as Week 6, but the results of a few big games still reshape the College Football Playoff picture. Mississippi is running amuck, and there's nothing you or I can do about it. Here are some new picks that might be slightly closer to the actual thing! Let's wait and see!
Last week's, for reference.
College Football Playoff
Rose Ole Miss Baylor 1/1/2015 Pasadena, CA Sugar Florida State Mississippi State 1/1/2015 New Orleans, LA
Florida State remains the only easy choice. Get past Notre Dame, and then it's largely a question of beating Louisville and the ACC Coastal champion. This season seems likely to include just one or two unbeaten teams, tops, and FSU is the likeliest power-conference choice.
Ole Miss gets No. 2 after beating Texas A&M, one of the two teams I had the Rebels penciled in as losing to, and doing so with authority. A 12-1 Ole Miss would be talked about for No. 1 over even an unbeaten ACC champ.
Hey, we finally joined Facebook!
Baylor enters, despite giving up 58 points to TCU in a three-point win. Oklahoma nearly sticks around, due to having a friendlier schedule down the stretch and getting the Bears in Norman. But look again at that TCU-Baylor box score. Baylor outgained the Frogs by 297 yards, giving up three turnovers and a kick return touchdown. Those are rare things. Who else on Baylor's schedule will get two interceptions out of Bryce Petty?
Next is Mississippi State. The rest of the way, MSU has tough road games at Alabama and Ole Miss. But it also has four games in which it will be a heavy favorite. Split those two road games and win the SEC Championship, and we'd all yell for a week about whether the Bulldogs should steal the No. 1 seed. But all Bully likely needs to make it in, if this year's mayhem continues? Ten wins, not 12.
Two Mississippi teams in. I know. It's weird.
Also considered: Oregon, whose offensive line healed up and contributed to a Playoff elimination of UCLA. Still nervous about that line against the Stanford and Utah defenses back to back, though. And Auburn, Georgia, Michigan State, and Oklahoma.
New Year's bowls
Bowl Date Location Ties Cotton Oklahoma Michigan State 1/1/2015 Arlington, TX At-large Fiesta Oregon Auburn 12/31/2014 Glendale, AZ At-large Orange Clemson Notre Dame 12/31/2014 Miami, FL ACC 1 vs. Big Ten/Notre Dame/SEC Peach East Carolina Georgia 12/31/2014 Atlanta, GA At-large
Oklahoma falls down to swap with Baylor, and Georgia jumps up to take Alabama's spot (though Alabama's still pegged for 10 wins here).
The Orange Bowl remains the easy one. It's contactually bound to the ACC's No. 2 team, assuming FSU makes the Playoff. While Clemson's injury situation is suddenly scary, the Tigers are still a solid choice for nine wins. Let's monitor Duke, Louisville, and Virginia Tech. The other side is also contractually bound, and while I think an SEC team finishes ahead of Notre Dame, Clemson fans are probably sick of Auburn and Georgia, and vice versa. So let's do something a little more fun, because we can.
We learned this week from a media mock Playoff exercise that the committee will sort the remaining three bowls in favor of good matchups, and not just geography. If that was known before, I'd missed it. That frees us up to send Auburn out west for an offense-friendly 2011 BCS Championship rematch.
One non-power-conference team is guaranteed a spot, and ECU remains, though it's looking shaky. Keep an eye on Colorado State.
And the rest
As always, conference standings don't necessarily matter. Bowl matchups are all about money.
Bowl Date Location Ties GoDaddy Bowling Green South Alabama 1/4/2015 Mobile, AL MAC 1 vs. Sun Belt 2 Birmingham Memphis Rutgers* 1/3/2015 Birmingham, AL American vs. SEC 9 Alamo TCU Stanford 1/2/2015 San Antonio, TX Big 12 2 vs. Pac-12 2 Armed Forces Houston Maryland 1/2/2015 Fort Worth, TX American vs. Army/Big 12 7/Big Ten Cactus Texas USC 1/2/2015 Tempe, AZ Big 12 6 vs. Pac-12 7 (MWC conditional) TaxSlayer Iowa South Carolina 1/2/2015 Jacksonville, FL ACC 3-6/Big Ten 5-7 vs. SEC 3-8 Citrus Ohio State Alabama 1/1/2015 Orlando, FL Big Ten 2-4 vs. SEC 2 Outback Wisconsin Florida 1/1/2015 Tampa, FL Big Ten 2-4 vs. SEC 3-8 Belk Georgia Tech Missouri 12/30/2014 Charlotte, NC ACC 3-6 vs. SEC 3-8 Music City Virginia Tech Tennessee 12/30/2014 Nashville, TN ACC 3-6/Big Ten 5-7 vs. SEC 3-8 San Francisco Minnesota UCLA 12/30/2014 San Francisco, CA Big Ten 5-7 vs. Pac-12 4 Liberty West Virginia LSU 12/29/2014 Memphis, TN Big 12 5 vs. SEC 3-8 Russell Athletic Louisville Kansas State 12/29/2014 Orlando, FL ACC 2 vs. Big 12 3 Texas Oklahoma State Texas A&M 12/29/2014 Houston, TX Big 12 4 vs. SEC 3-8 Holiday Nebraska Arizona 12/27/2014 San Diego, CA Big Ten 2-4 vs. Pac-12 3 Independence Washington* Louisiana Tech 12/27/2014 Shreveport, LA ACC vs. SEC 10 (C-USA conditional) Military Temple Virginia 12/27/2014 Annapolis, MD American vs. ACC Pinstripe Duke Penn State 12/27/2014 New York, NY ACC 3-6 vs. Big Ten 5-7 Sun Miami Arizona State 12/27/2014 El Paso, TX ACC 3-6 vs. Pac-12 5 Bitcoin UCF Middle Tennessee 12/26/2014 St. Petersburg, FL American vs. C-USA (ACC conditional) Quick Lane Boston College Indiana 12/26/2014 Detroit, MI ACC vs. Big Ten Heart of Dallas Northwestern UTEP 12/26/2014 Dallas, TX Big Ten/Big 12 7 vs. C-USA Bahamas Marshall Toledo 12/24/2014 Nassau, BS C-USA vs. MAC 4/5 Hawaii Western Kentucky Fresno State 12/24/2014 Honolulu, HI C-USA vs. MWC 2-7 Boca Florida Atlantic Ohio 12/23/2014 Boca Raton, FL C-USA vs. MAC 4/5 Poinsettia San Diego State Navy 12/23/2014 San Diego, CA MWC 2-7 vs. Navy Miami Beach Cincinnati BYU 12/22/2014 Miami, FL American vs. BYU Camelia Akron UL Lafayette 12/20/2014 Montgomery, AL MAC 3 vs. Sun Belt 3 (ACC conditional) Las Vegas Colorado State Utah 12/20/2014 Las Vegas, NV MWC 1 vs. Pac-12 6 New Mexico Rice Utah State 12/20/2014 Albuquerque, NM C-USA vs. MWC 2-7 New Orleans Arkansas State Air Force 12/20/2014 New Orleans, LA Sun Belt 1 vs. MWC 2-7 Potato Northern Illinois Boise State 12/20/2014 Boise, ID MAC 2 vs. MWC 2-7
* Taking another conference's unfilled spot.
Leaving us this week: Arkansas (yes, I had the Hogs down for a win against Alabama), NC State, Nevada, North Carolina (not due to giving Notre Dame a fight, but due to generally being not good), and UTSA.
Joining us this week: Air Force, Boston College, and [mumbles] Florida [mumbles], with room finally for Rice and Washington.
The biggest in-conference change: Bowling Green now tops the MAC after a blowout win at Ohio.
Thing you'll be maddest about: I don't think Kentucky's in yet.
The saddest result: a pretty good Central Michigan team, on course for something like an 8-4 record, has no landing spot. Thinking a six- or seven-win Akron takes the MAC's last bowl bid, due to the first-year Camelia Bowl needing to make a splash -- by bringing in Zips coach Terry Bowden, formerly a national coach of the year at nearby Auburn.
Your turn!
Courtesy of Archana Appanna
Anushka Srinivasan, from left, Claire Chen and Addyson Andrade, all fifth-graders at Bullis Charter School, sell cookies to movie star Tom Hanks in downtown Los Altos.
Girl Scouts selling cookies on State Street in downtown Los Altos received an unexpected surprise Feb. 28 when a bona fide movie star not only bought cookies, but also tried to help the girls sell more boxes to other passersby.
Tom Hanks, a Hollywood legend – and Bay Area native – who has appeared in some of the biggest blockbusters of the past 25 years, purchased four boxes, donated an additional $20 and offered to have their photo taken with people who recognized them – as long as they bought cookies, too.
“I'm still on cloud nine,” said Archana Appanna, whose daughter was one of the three Scouts selling cookies that Saturday. “We did not know who they were (at first) because they covered their face with a baseball cap and glasses.”
But Appanna and the girls soon saw through the disguise. They left their post and rushed up to Hanks as they were walking away, catching up to them in front of Linden Tree Books.
“Are you Tom Hanks?” came the question.
“Yes,” they answered.
Once discovered, picture taking began, initially with Hanks and the girls. But another family walked by, spotted Hanks and asked for a picture, too.
Their reply? “Only if you buy cookies from these young ladies.”
Appanna, who grew up in India, said they loved some Hanks' biggest movies, including “You've Got Mail” and “Sleepless in Seattle.”
“He was so personable,” they marveled, “so down to earth.”
Hanks, accompanied by their college-age son, Truman, was in town to visit the typewriter shop, Los Altos Business Machines, at 100 State St. Truman is a first-year student at Stanford University. It turns out that Hanks is a big typewriter collector. They initially went to the store to have their son's typewriter repaired, but they ended up buying two vintage Smith-Coronas.
John Sansone, owner of the typewriter store, did not immediately recognize Hanks until they heard them speak.
“I never realized how distinctive their voice is,” they said. “It was right out of a movie.”
Getty State settles with Planned Parenthood over abortion challenge
TALLAHASSEE — Attorneys for Planned Parenthood and the Rick Scott administration quietly agreed to settle a legal dispute in federal court over abortion legislation that aimed to defund Planned Parenthood clinics.
Hours after federal judge Robert Hinkle held a teleconference with attorneys on Thursday, they issued an order to close the case of Planned Parenthood of Southwest and Central Florida v. Celeste Philip. Hinkle also made final their June 30 temporary injunction banning efforts to defund the clinics and require increased inspection of abortion clinic records.
Story Continued Below
The provisions were included in a far-reaching abortion bill passed by the Florida legislature earlier this year. The bill — signed into law by Scott — also requires doctors who perform abortions to have admitting privileges at a nearby hospital. Planned Parenthood did not challenge that provision of the law.
“We are really pleased with the judges decision,” said Laura Goodhue, the executive director of the Florida Alliance of Planned Parenthood affiliates. “We strongly believe that Floridians need more access to health care and not less.”
Scott's office did not directly respond to questions about why the administration chose not to continue defending the law. But Scott's spokesperson, Jackie Schutz, said that the governor's office is reviewing the ruling.
Hinkle's teleconference with attorneys came two weeks after the parties filed a five-page joint motion for final relief on August 5. In it, they agreed that “the evidence received on the preliminary injunction motion should be the full extent of the trial record in this matter,” and that the court should enter a final judgment for relief.
Also included in that motion is an agreement from Planned Parenthood to voluntarily dismiss from its challenge claims that the funding ban and inspection requirements in the 2016 abortion law violated the Florida constitution's guarantee to privacy and equal protection.
While the federal challenge to the 2016 law has been put to rest, the group is continuing a challenge in state court against a 2015 law requiring women to wait 24 hours after speaking with a physician to have an abortion.
The Florida Supreme Court, which agreed to enjoin the state from enforcing the 24-hour waiting period, has scheduled oral arguments in that challenge for Nov. 1.
A copy of the joint motion for final relief is here: http://politi.co/2b2HoJf
A copy of the permanent injunction is here: http://politi.co/2bqSI6m
President-elect Donald Trump may nominate former Texas Gov. Rick Perry to lead the Department of Energy—the agency Perry wanted to abolish but infamously forgot to name during a 2011 presidential debate.
“It's three agencies of government, when I get there, that are gone—Commerce, Education and the, um, what's the third one there? Let's see,” Perry said during a Republican presidential debate in November 2011.
As Perry stumbled to think of the answer, Mitt Romney chimed in to suggest the Environmental Protection Agency, while Ron Paul suggested they actually meant to cut five agencies.
“But you can't name the third one?” CNBC moderator John Harwood asked.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
“The third agency of government I would do away with—the education, uh, the, uh, commerce and let's see. I can't—the third one. Sorry. Oops,” Perry said.
They later identified the Department of Energy as the agency they had been trying to name.
“From time to time, you may forget about an agency that you are gonna zero out,” Perry said in an interview following the debate, according to ABC News. “Everybody tomorrow will understand the Energy Department is one of those that needs to be done away with.”
Perry met with Trump at Trump Tower on Monday. NBC News and CBS News reported that Perry has been selected to be energy secretary, citing sources close to the presidential transition.
Write to Katie Reilly at Katie.Reilly@time.com.
It was…in the town of Sliedrecht, that Mark Jongeneel (28) got a very disturbing phone call. Their mother was on the line, worried that two police officers were looking for him, but would not say why. …the police came to their office and told him: “You tweet too much. We have orders to ask you to watch your tone. Your tweets may seem seditious.”
In Sliedrecht there had been a citizen meeting about a refugee center in the region. At the end, Jongeneel had posted a few tweets. One said: “The College of #Sliedrecht comes with a proposal to take 250 refugees over the next two years. What a bad idea! “Earlier they had also tweeted:” Should we let this happen?! ”
In recent months, police have visited the homes of many more people that criticised the plans for asylum centres.
Happy Mother's Day! This week was all about Katya. You can celebrate now. Thousands of their children cried with delight when they and Violet delivered this. Katya is now ranked 2nd on Twitter, beating out Miss Fame. They gained the most new followers on Twitter and Facebook, and they pulled a Pearl on Instagram with 10,500 new fans in one week.
After a long gestation, we are getting close to crowning! The top 3, according to fans, are Pearl, Katya and Violet. Pearl is #1 on all three social media channels. Katya is #2 on Facebook and Twitter. Violet is #2 on Instagram.
Pearl has the most fans, but has lip synched twice. Katya has the highest C.U.N.T. score and has ranked high for most challenges. Violet won the W.W.R.P.D.? poll, and they haven't had to lip sync yet. Ginger has had the most wins but has been in the bottom 2 twice. Kennedy has ranked high for most challenges, but doesn't have the social media fans. So who's it gonna be? Last year it was so obvious. RuPaul loved Bianca, and the people loved Bianca. This year, Ru's decisions keep us on our toes. Good job, Ru!
Other stuff:
Trixie did not get an elimination spike this week. But they got a lot of love on Reddit.
Eerie tidbit: Ginger has sat firmly in lucky spot #7 on all three channels since Episode 5.
I've already talked about Kennedy. Nothing has changed. Even hitting on Pearl didn't get their more followers this week. (God, that was cute.)
Miss Fame is still killing it on Instagram.
Twitter
Katya has moved up to 2nd place, and Miss Fame has moved down to #3.
Katya gained the most new followers (2,500; 9%), with Pearl close behind (2,300; 7%)
Trixie did not get an elimination spike the second time around. They gained 1,500 new followers, compared to last week's 1,800.
The top 3 remaining queens, based on seasonal growth, are Pearl, Katya and Violet.
Facebook
Pearl moved up to 1st place, with Miss Fame now in 2nd place.
Katya moved up to 4th place (from 6th place), and Max has moved down from #4 to #6.
Katya gained the most new followers (3,613; 14%), with Pearl close behind (2,734; 7%).
The top 3 remaining queens, based on seasonal growth, are Pearl, Katya and Violet.
Instagram
Trixie has moved from 5th place to 4th place. Katya has moved from 6th place to 5th place. Trixie is only winning by 800 followers. I predict that Katya will be in 4th place by next week.
Max is now in 6th place, down from 4th place.
Pearl gained the most new followers this week (12,000) and now has 151,000 followers.
Katya gained 10,500 new followers this week (17%), far exceeding their performance of the last two weeks (7,200 and 5,800).
The top 3 remaining queens, based on seasonal growth, are Pearl, Katya and Violet.
Flah-zay-dah (from Sissy that ArT)
Advertisements
The contrasts between the original Star Wars trilogy and its prequels were stark. Where Episodes IV to VI were told economically, the prequels felt bloated. Where the originals used practical effects, puppets, and people to build its galaxy, the prequels leaned on computer effects to make a universe that felt fake. Where A New Hope introduced characters we wanted to root for, The Phantom Menace featured a cast of punchable irritants, led by a character so annoying their name is shorthand for "the worst."
But now, less than a hundred days from the premiere of The Force Awakens, fans are finally finding some parellels between the two-Star Wars trilogies — particularly in the way they are shot, with the prequels echoing scenes first put on film 25 years before. Filmmaker Pablo Fernández Eyre has put together a compilation of strikingly similar scenes shared between the movies, juxtaposing them into the same shot to show how closely some of them mirror each other. In the Empire Strikes Back, for example, the Millennium Falcon hides clamped to the bridge of a Star Destroyer. In Attack of the Clones, Obi Wan uses the same trick on an asteroid in their Jedi starfighter. Both are chased by an even sneakier bounty hunter — Boba Fett in the original trilogy, their dad Jango in the prequels — who was waiting for them to move.
If only Lucas had copied more for the prequels from the original trilogy
The video reinforces Star Wars' concept of time existing in cycles, with the galaxy's fate decided by vast political bodies, but also by a handful of powerful force users. If you slogged through the books of Star Wars' expanded universe, tracking Jacen Solo's transformation through the New Jedi Order and further, you'll be even more conscious of these cycles, as balance is brought to the force by alternating masters of dark and light. You'd also probably want to tell members of the Skywalker family to stop having kids: it doesn't always end well.
The video doesn't try to defend the prequels — they're too bad for that — but it does at least show that Episodes I to III shared the same love and reverence for the original trilogy that we do. If only Lucas had tried to copy more than just certain shots from A New Hope, The Empire Strikes Back, and Return of the Jedi for their newer movies — their stories, perhaps, or their heart — then we might have got something worthy of the Star Wars name.
“If only…” These two words paired together create one of the saddest phrases in the English language.
Here are ten choices that ultimately lead to this phrase of regret, and how to elude them:
1. Wearing a mask to impress others. – If the face you always show the world is a mask, someday there will be nothing beneath it. Because when you spend too much time concentrating on everyone else's perception of you, or who everyone else wants you to be, you eventually forget who you really are. So don't fear the judgments of others; you know in your heart who you are and what's true to you. You don't have to be perfect to impress and inspire people. Let them be impressed and inspired by how you deal with your imperfections.
2. Letting someone else create your dreams for you. – The greatest challenge in life is discovering who you are; the second greatest is being happy with what you find. A big part of this is your decision to stay true toyour own goals and dreams. Do you have people who disagree with you? Good. It means you're standing your ground and walking your own path. Sometimes you'll do things considered crazy by others, but when you catch yourself excitedly losing track of time, that's when you'll know you're doing the right thing. Read The 4-Hour Workweek .
3. Keeping negative company. – Don't let someone who has a bad attitude give it to you. Don't let them get to you. They can't pull the trigger if you don't hand them the gun. When you remember that keeping the company of negative people is a choice, instead of an obligation, you free yourself to keep the company of compassion instead of anger, generosity instead of greed, and patience instead of anxiety.
4. Being selfish and egotistical. – A life filled with loving deeds and good character is the best tombstone. Those who you inspired and shared your love with will remember how you made them feel long after your time has expired. So carve your name on hearts, not stone. What you have done for yourself alone dies with you; what you have done for others and the world remains.
5. Avoiding change and growth. – If you want to know your past look into your present conditions. If you want to know your future look into your present actions. You must let go of the old to make way for the new; the old way is gone, never to come back. If you acknowledge this right now and take steps to address it, you will position yourself for lasting success. Read The Power of Habit .
6. Giving up when the going gets tough. – There are no failures, just results. Even if things don't unfold the way you had expected, don't be disheartened or give up. Learn what you can and move on. The one who continues to advance one step at a time will win in the end. Because the battle is always won far away and long before the final victory. It's a process that occurs with small steps, decisions, and actions that gradually build upon each other and eventually lead to that glorious moment of triumph.
7. Trying to micromanage every little thing. – Life should be touched, not strangled. Sometimes you've got to relax and let life happen without incessant worry and micromanagement. Learn to let go a little before you squeeze too tight. Take a deep breath. When the dust settles and you can once again see the forest for the trees, take the next step forward. You don't have to know exactly where you're going to be headed somewhere great. Everything in life is in perfect order whether you understand it yet or not. It just takes some time to connect all the dots.
8. Settling for less than you deserve. – Be strong enough to let go and wise enough to wait for what you deserve. Sometimes you have to get knocked down lower than you have ever been to stand up taller than you ever were before. Sometimes your eyes need to be washed by your tears so you can see the possibilities in front of you with a clearer vision again. Don't settle.
9. Endlessly waiting until tomorrow. – The trouble is, you always think you have more time than you do. But one day you will wake up and there won't be any more time to work on the things you've always wanted to do. And at that point you either will have achieved the goals you set for yourself, or you will have a list of excuses for why you haven't. Read The Last Lecture .
10. Being lazy and wishy-washy. – The world doesn't owe you anything, you owe the world something. So stop daydreaming and start DOING. Develop a backbone, not a wishbone. Take full responsibility for your life – take control. You are important and you are needed. It's too late to sit around and wait for somebody to do something someday. Someday is now; the somebody the world needs is YOU.
Source: Marc and Angel via Why Don't You Try This
Image: Public Domain
Michael W. May / Flickr Olive oil has played a prominent part in Mediterranean culture for over 2,000 years and is beloved by foodies the world over.
However, the industry has a dirty little secret.
A lot of the "Italian extra virgin olive oil" isn't what it says on the tin. Sometimes it's not extra virgin, sometimes it's not Italian — and sometimes it's not even made from olives.
Here's what you need to know about one of the world's most lucrative criminal endeavors.
*An earlier version of this article included a photo where the Olive oil label iO was visible. The inclusion of this brand was not intentional and not meant to imply the group was guilty of the crimes described in the article. We have changed the photo at the request of iO.
Legislative staff members in Washington were said to be close on Friday to completing a revised bill that would give Puerto Rico extraordinary powers to wipe out debt under close federal supervision.
Aides at the House Natural Resources Committee, working through the spring recess, were still grappling with sensitive constitutional issues raised by the rescue package, even after lawmakers in San Juan took matters into their own hands on Wednesday by suddenly authorizing a unilateral debt moratorium for the island.
The Puerto Rican lawmakers said they were forced to act because Congress was taking too long. Their island's Government Development Bank has a debt payment of about $422 million due May 1, and only $562 million in available cash; the law they enacted would let the bank delay the payment lawfully — at least as far as Puerto Rico is concerned.
Puerto Rico owes even bigger debt payments, totaling about $2 billion, on July 1.
The House's draft bill still contains certain provisions that creditor groups have been fighting, and Natural Resources Committee aides said further refinements were likely. The committee is scheduled to take testimony on the rescue package on Wednesday, and aides said they hoped to send a finished bill to the House on Thursday.
I'm excited to announce that the BlackBerry® PlayBook™ OS 2.0 software update officially launched worldwide today. In October, I spoke to you about some of the key features you could expect with the release of BlackBerry PlayBook OS 2.0. Today, I'm proud to tell you – we've delivered them.
As you will see, we've made updates and enhancements to some of the things you've told us you like the most. We've also brought you some new, highly anticipated features that you'll find only on BlackBerry PlayBook tablet. Let me tell you about my favorite BlackBerry PlayBook OS 2.0 features:
All-New Built-In Functionality
I have to say, the features I'm most excited about with this launch are built-in email, calendar and contacts. Unique to BlackBerry PlayBook OS 2.0, you can now quickly manage all of your email accounts with a unified inbox, manage your schedule with new features like a People View of your day (which lets you quickly see everyone who is on your agenda for that day), and view your contacts as a social hub that contains information from popular social networks including Facebook®, Twitter®, and LinkedIn®.
Social Integration in Calendar & Contacts
The built-in calendar is designed to pull in the information that matters to you from your social networks and make it available where and when you need it. Contact cards are dynamically populated with the latest real-time information from your Facebook, Twitter, and LinkedIn accounts to create a consolidated view of your contacts most recent updates.
BlackBerry Bridge
Another feature I'm excited for you to try is the new BlackBerry Bridge functionality that allows you to use your BlackBerry smartphone as a remote control for your PlayBook. I've used this feature both for presentations in the office, and at home with my PlayBook tablet connected to my television.
Open On
Although it's hard to choose only four, I will say that Open On definitely makes my list of favorite BlackBerry PlayBook OS 2.0 features. This convenient functionality allows you to open your documents, photos and links from your BlackBerry smartphone onto your BlackBerry PlayBook tablet with one click. I often use Open On to review documents (PowerPoint, Word, and PDF) that people send me on my BlackBerry smartphone. It's a great way to combine the convenience of my BlackBerry® Bold™ 9900 and the big screen on my PlayBook tablet.
These are just a few of the reasons I'm excited about today's launch, and they're just some of the great features that PlayBook OS 2.0 has to offer. Following the 2012 Consumer Electronics show, we heard a lot of great feedback on PlayBook OS 2.0 with reviews from Team BlackBerry. I'd love to hear what you think now that the software update has officially launched.
This post on the BlackBerry Help blog will provide more information about how to get started with your new PlayBook OS 2.0 update.
– David J. Smith, SVP, Mobile Computing, Research In Motion
More about BlackBerry PlayBook OS 2.0
CLOSE A new, $143 million facility converting Detroit sewage waste into marketable fertilizer is polluting the area's air with too much sulfur dioxide. Keith Matheny/Detroit Free Press
Plant that converts human waste to fertilizer is adding harmful emissions to an area that already has most polluted air in metro Detroit.
Buy Photo The Great Lakes Water Authority NEFCO Biosolids Dryer Facility in Detroit is seen on Friday May 5, 2017. (Photo: Ryan Garza/Detroit Free Press)Buy Photo
As a $143-million facility to convert human waste from the Detroit Wastewater Treatment Plant into marketable fertilizer prepared for start-up last year, Great Lakes Water Authority CEO Sue McCormick touted it as "environmentally sound, proven technology."
But that biosolids dryer facility — operated by a private, for-profit company in partnership with the water authority — has exceeded its permitted emission levels of harmful sulfur dioxide since it began operating last April, according to data reviewed by the Free Press. Smokestack-monitoring data shows the facility exceeded the one-hour emission standard for sulfur dioxide more than 2,500 times from April 5, 2016, through Feb. 28.
That means the plant is adding harmful emissions to an area that already has the most polluted air in metro Detroit.
Read more:
It's particularly problematic in neighborhoods around the facility, off West Jefferson in southwest Detroit The area is already considered by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency in "non-attainment" of the federal Clean Air Act's air-quality standard for sulfur dioxide.
Residents in the area face a polluting gauntlet of steel mills, coal-fired power plants, a major garbage incinerator and factories — and it shows in their respiratory health. Detroit's hospitalization rate for asthma is more than three times the rate for Michigan as a whole, according to the state Department of Health and Human Services.
Short-term exposures to sulfur dioxide can harm the human respiratory system and make breathing difficult, according to the EPA. Children, elderly people, and those who suffer from asthma are particularly sensitive to its effects. High concentrations of sulfur dioxide in the air also lead to the formation of other sulfur oxides, which in turn can react with other compounds and form small particles, contributing to particulate matter pollution. These tiny particles can penetrate deeply into sensitive parts of the lungs and cause additional health problems.
When the biosolids drying facility showed excessive sulfur dioxide emissions as part of its initial, operational compliance check, the state Department of Environmental Quality (DEQ) did not work to force its shutdown until the problem was fixed. Instead, a consent order between the agency and the facility's operator, the New England Fertilizer Co., or NEFCO, allows until Jan. 1, 2018, to resolve its permit noncompliance.
Adding excessive sulfur dioxide pollution to the air for up to two years is too long for Elizabeth Milton, a certified asthma educator and advocate with the nonprofit Detroit Alliance for Asthma Awareness.
"They are taking the risk with our lives, and that I cannot bear — especially in a community that is overburdened with toxic pollutants," they said. "The residents of this area cannot bear one more excessive polluter."
Some don't see a problem
Suzanne Coffey, interim chief operating officer for wastewater with Great Lakes Water Authority, characterized the issue differently, calling the sulfur dioxide exceedance and the efforts to bring it under control a "natural part" of getting "a large, new facility" up and running properly.
"We are going through a typical performance testing period," they said.
"We are not the only discharger of SO2 in the area. ... We're not feeling like this is a significant environmental impact."
NEFCO is continuing to work to bring the facility's sulfur dioxide emissions to acceptable levels, Coffey said.
"We fully expect NEFCO to meet these requirements," they said.
The facility, the largest of its kind in North America, takes human waste — poop — sludge processed through the wastewater treatment plant that was historically incinerated and instead dries and processes it. The facility can produce up to 420 dry tons per day of fertilizer pellets, a nutrient source used by farms on their fields or as an alternative, renewable fuel source for facilities such as power plants or cement kilns.
More than 30,000 dry tons of the fertilizer pellets developed by NEFCO were spread on farm fields in Michigan, Indiana, Ohio and Ontario in the 2016 fiscal year, according to a company PowerPoint presentation made to the Michigan Water Environment Association last year.
The City Council entered into a 20-year contract with NEFCO for $683 million in 2013, seeing the biosolids-to-fertilizer concept as a means to resolve chronic violations for excess sludge at the wastewater treatment plant. The dryer facility also enabled the plant to cease operation of six, 50- to 70-year-old sludge incinerators that required major, expensive upgrades to comply with toughened air emissions standards taking effect in March 2016.
"It's a significant element of environmental flight attendantship for us," Coffey said. "It's a beneficial re-use of the (sludge). For us, it was more about sustainability and cost savings for our customers."
What state has, hasn't done
As the plant readied for operation, it was required to demonstrate to the DEQ that it met emissions standards. That test, in January 2016, showed one of the four dryers in the facility, Dryer D, exceeded sulfur dioxide requirements, said Jeff Korniski, assistant director of the DEQ's Air Quality Division's Detroit office.
The dryers were re-tested in February 2016, and Dryer D was within permitted SO2 levels — but Dryer C showed sulfur dioxide emissions that were too high.
The DEQ suggested, and NEFCO officials agreed, to install continuous emission-monitoring systems on the dryer facility's four smokestacks to measure emissions continually as the company tried to solve its sulfur dioxide problem.
"It was in response to our concern that they didn't have a handle on why the sulfur was going up or down," Korniski said.
It was that continual smokestack monitoring, which began in early April 2016, that showed more than 2,500 violations of the one-hour sulfur dioxide emissions standard between then and the end of February 2017. The violations came to light in the smokestack monitoring data, obtained in state Freedom of Information Act request to the DEQ by the Great Lakes Environmental Law Center.
"That was particularly alarming to us, just based off sulfur dioxide being a big problem in that area — a big problem for public health; a big problem for residents," said Nicholas Leonard, a staff attorney with the law center.
"Here we have a facility that's having continual problems with its SO2 emissions, and MDEQ wasn't really doing much about it."
Korniski said the smokestack monitoring data was intended only to identify trends in the sulfur dioxide emission numbers as NEFCO tries a variety of solutions to bringing them down. The company is adding ferric chloride to the wet sludge before drying, a binding agent that should lessen sulfur dioxide emissions.
"They're doing this, and they need to do it to figure out what is going on," Korniski said. "But they are not doing it to show continuous compliance with the emissions standard."
But the DEQ still could — and should — use the data it has in-hand, Leonard said.
"We know it's not legally required, but you can still enforce these exceedances," they said. "You can still use this data to enforce. That was something (DEQ) didn't want to do."
Going the consent-order route, essentially an agreement between the facility and the DEQ about how to resolve an issue, is less time- and money-consuming than a lengthy contested case in court that allows environmental problems to go unaddressed for potentially years, Korniski said.
"The consent order is, basically, we think they are along the right path," they said. "This incorporates enforceable timelines, to make sure they stick with what they said they were going to do."
NEFCO said it believes the amount of ferric chloride to add to prevent excessive sulfur dioxide emissions has been determined, "but we don't have enough data yet," said Majid Khan, director of wastewater operations at Great Lakes Water Authority.
"It's certainly improved," they said. "But we still need to perfect the solutions to meet the permit requirement."
In the meantime, the excessive sulfur dioxide goes into the sky.
"Shut it down, give them the time to correct the situation," said Rhonda Anderson, senior organizing representative for the nonprofit Sierra Club. "We don't want it to stay shut down forever; we just want it shut down until it's corrected."
That a private company is turning a profit off a product it's obtaining from the publicly funded wastewater treatment plant, as that company pollutes, is particularly outrageous to Milton.
"Why MDEQ and the Michigan Department of Health and Human Services are not doing all that they can to protect these vulnerable communities, these disenfranchised communities, these African-American communities, I'm not sure," they said.
Contact Keith Matheny: 313-222-5021 or kmatheny@freepress.com. Follow on Twitter @keithmatheny.
Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/2ptKsoW
A review of “Hoover's FBI and the Fourth Estate: The Campaign to Control the Press and the Bureau's Image” by Matthew Cecil, University Press of Kansas, 355 pages, $34.95
Matthew Cecil, a communications professor at Wichita State University, has resolved a conundrum that's bedeviled me since 1970, when I was a fledgling investigative reporter.
I had just completed my first interaction with the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the supposedly crackerjack national law enforcement agency. But the crackerjack part escaped me. My initial experience suggested an agency that produced inaccurate information inefficiently, failed to respect the constitutional liberties of U.S. citizens, and often resorted to intimidation and lies to get their way. Yet many of my journalistic “betters” told me I was misguided.
Smart people who think they are well informed about a subject—say, the Federal Bureau of Investigation's role as the nation's elite law enforcement agency—usually “know” what they think they know based on exposure to mass media—television, radio, newspapers, magazines, books. But when mass media have been corrupted, the reliability of the “knowledge” becomes suspect. That's the case with the FBI.
As “Hoover's FBI and the Fourth Estate: The Campaign to Control the Press and the Bureau's Image” shows, the performance of supposedly first-rate FBI agents has been dismal time and again when the citizens of the United States needed them most, including perhaps most notably the run-up to the events of September 11, 2001.
Readers of WhoWhatWhy will be familiar with our frequent reports of problems with FBI operations (see for example this, this and this). And may be asking themselves: why don't I see this in the media? The answer is in this book.
What the FBI excelled at, especially under its long-time chief J. Edgar Hoover, was a non-stop public relations campaign that portrayed the agency as a heroic band of G-men who skillfully tracked and felled dangerous criminals.
“Tales of the FBI's infallible laboratory and army of honest and professional agents became part of popular culture,” Cecil writes. Thanks to mass media, “the FBI was widely considered to be an indispensable government agency.”
In fact, in all too many cases, dangerous criminals were eluding capture, while that “infallible” forensic laboratory wrongly analyzed evidence again and again, leading to the pursuit and convictions of innocent individuals.
J. Edgar's 48-Year Reign
The publicity juggernaut to gild the FBI's image began during the directorship of J. Edgar Hoover. They died in 1972, after 48 years at the helm. But the campaign they initiated was so pervasive, and the propaganda they peddled so appealing, that the image of incorruptible, invincible agent-heroes lives on in perpetuity.
Only gradually, since Hoover's death, has the true story of the FBI begun to emerge. As Cecil explains, the course of events and countless investigations have exposed “a lawless and uncontrolled Bureau that expended enormous amounts of time and resources policing political thought rather than investigating violations of federal law… Hoover had ultimately transformed the Bureau into an American secret police force, even as they convinced the public and many in the news media that they were a trustworthy defender of civil liberties.”
Cecil says they wanted their book to reveal “how, in a nation so proud of its watchdog press, a high-profile federal agency managed to hide the reality of its activities for so long. The answer is as complex as the FBI's decades-long deception, but it surely includes failings entrenched in the ideology of journalism and in readers' and viewers' often uncritical acceptance of news as truth.”
The reference to the “watchdog press” is central here. Yes, starting in the first decade of the twentieth century, what today we call “investigative reporting” began to take root in the U.S. media. But no more than a handful of media organizations ever practiced serious investigative journalism. The vast majority of journalists were too untrained or lazy or gullible or corrupt to seek the truth behind the FBI's public-relations façade.
Unfortunately, as Cecil points out, many, probably most, consumers of news cannot or will not distinguish the excellent journalists from the untrained, lazy, gullible and corrupt ones and therefore have no idea whom to believe about the FBI. Through wise choice of media outlets and via pure luck, some consumers of mass media inevitably learned the ugly truth about the FBI—while most never did.
In the book's Introduction, Cecil renders the abridged history of the FBI public relations campaign:
“After a few tentative steps into the realm of publicity during the late 1920s, the Bureau became a key element of FDR's New Deal war on crime in the mid-1930s. Two journalists, independent author Courtney Ryley Cooper and Neil (Rex) Collier, collaborated with Hoover and their top lieutenants to create a template for FBI news stories emphasizing responsibility and science and featuring Hoover as America's always careful and reliable top law enforcement officer. With the creation of the public relations-oriented Crime Records Section in 1935 and the establishment of clear lines of public communication authority, Hoover had both a public relations message and a management team to amplify and enforce it.”
During the mid-1930s, Collier, a Washington Star reporter, oversaw a comic strip called “War on Crime” that ran for two years in 80 newspapers across the United States.
Cecil summarizes the first six weeks of the strip: “Week one of ‘War on Crime' focused on Hoover, who, Collier wrote in the comic strip's text, ‘had the vision of a man twice their age.' Hoover had cleaned up the Bureau, and ‘now they had men of unassailable integrity' in the field.”
After touting the agents' grueling training regimen and the cutting-edge science of the FBI's crime-fighting laboratory, the strip focused on the Agency's success in capturing criminals: “In the morgue of the Fingerprint Division are the cancelled records of criminals removed from circulation such as Dillinger, Floyd, and Nelson.”
Cooper had worked as a publicist for a circus before turning to newspaper feature writing. They met Hoover in 1933, while rewriting a profile of the FBI chief for American Magazine. After completing the rewrite, Cooper suggested a more permanent arrangement to Hoover. Soon, articles ghost-written by Cooper about the FBI began appearing in magazines and newspapers under Hoover's byline. Other pieces appeared under Cooper's name after FBI staff had carefully vetted them. Among the influential periodicals that published such public relations material as “news” were the respectable magazines Cosmopolitan and Saturday Evening Post.
Cecil notes:
“At a time when Americans were desperate for government to do something right, the FBI's pursuit and elimination of John Dillinger and the other ‘Robin Hood' outlaws of the Midwest provided a compelling hook on which to hang the Bureau's reputation. Hoover built on that narrative, erecting an FBI built not only on real law enforcement innovation but also on a manufactured public relations foundation that hid mistakes and excesses from public view for nearly 40 years.”
Accused bank robber Bennie Dickson, for example, died on a St. Louis street during 1939 after they supposedly threatened to unload their weapon in the direction of four FBI agents. Cecil, relying in part on previously undisclosed FBI reports, shows that Dickson was actually trying to flee the scene when a trigger-happy agent shot them in the back.
The evidence appears overwhelming that in the aftermath of Dickson's death, FBI agents coordinated their accounts, offered perjured testimony and threatened a key witness into silence after they had told the truth.
Cecil says that holes first began to appear in the FBI's holier-than-thou image around 1940. Media accounts of agents falsifying testimony, conducting illegal wiretaps and raiding homes of Americans involved in the Spanish Civil War brought the agency unwanted attention.
Hoover found ways to fight back. Their staff maintained lists of hundreds of journalists, and categorized each as friend or foe. Foes were denied access to FBI information, while friends, like famed columnist Walter Winchell, got “insider” tips they could use, often unattributed, to spin coverage of specific investigations and to burnish the FBI's overall reputation.
While most major media outlets willingly joined the pro-FBI chorus, low-circulation intellectual magazines like The Nation and The New Republic probed deeper.
Fred Cook's critical reporting about the FBI filled the entire 58 pages of The Nation magazine for October 18, 1958. Cook questioned the American public's “worship” of an agency that was “part heroic fact” to be sure, but also “part heroic myth.” Cook would expand the magazine tour de force into a 1964 book, “The FBI Nobody Knows.”
While trying without success to refute Cook's facts, Hoover and their supporters accused him, and other critics, of being un-American—a charge that bore considerable weight during the Communist-hunting hysteria of the 1950s.
***
But even Fred Cook's hard-hitting expose could not come close to neutralizing the Bureau-friendly “journalism” of Don Whitehead.
Whitehead had established their credentials as a newspaper reporter and war correspondent by the time they completed an “authorized” history of the FBI in 1956. “The FBI Story: A Report to the People” became a big seller. Whitehead had no qualms about FBI censors vetting their manuscript. In discussing the agency's propensity for tapping telephones and bugging private homes and offices, Whitehead compared these actions to a potential employer examining “every possible source for information as to the honesty and reliability of a prospective employee.”
As Cecil sees it, “Whitehead sold out their own journalistic credibility to the heroic history of the FBI. Hoover counted on the public's logical conclusion that a famed, objective journalist had reviewed the evidence and verified the Bureau's history as it had always been told.”
In 1959, Whitehead's book “became the basis for a popular motion picture, also titled ‘The FBI Story,' starring Jimmy Stewart. And when Hoover moved the FBI story into television in 1965, carefully selected scriptwriters were provided copies of Whitehead's book.”
Under press liaison Louis B. Nichols, FBI staff “edited and rewrote news, feature, and magazine stories produced by cooperative reporters…[plus] rewrote scripts for radio, television, and film.”
In 1965, the hour-long television drama “The F.B.I.” started airing on the ABC network, a co-production of Warner Brothers and Quinn Martin. The dramatization of FBI cases reached millions of viewers each week, 241 episodes over a nine-year period, not including re-runs and syndication showings. An FBI agent worked on the set. FBI employees reviewed and rewrote the scripts line by line. The agency had the right to approve production crew members, performers and advertisers.
The FBI censors objected to scenes in which agents killed criminals, because that seemed to indicate a lack of responsibility. “In addition to limiting violence…FBI reviewers rejected scripts that showed agents drinking alcohol, using diet pills to make their weight requirements, exercising poor judgment, losing their composure, and…demonstrating excessive compassion for criminals.” The censors insisted any reference to wiretapping be omitted.
I watched episodes of the television drama while in my final year of high school and during my first-year student year of college, and swallowed whole the idealized image of the FBI. But in the years since 1970 when I began my career as a professional journalist, I have cast a skeptical eye on all kinds of institutional glorification. I now know that much of the FBI story I bought qualified as… bullshit.
In this book, Cecil spells out how Americans were sold an image of an FBI beyond reproach. It's not only a solid, fascinating work of history, it's a cautionary tale against current and future attempts to mold public opinion about government actions in the face of inconvenient facts.
Steve Weinberg is author of numerous books, served as Executive Director of the association Investigative Reporters and Editors, and is an expert on wrongful convictions.
[box] WhoWhatWhy plans to continue doing this kind of groundbreaking original reporting. You can count on us. Can we count on you? What we do is only possible with your support.
Please click here to donate; it's tax deductible. And it packs a punch.[/box]
Where else do you see journalism of this quality and value? Please help us do more. Make a tax-deductible contribution now.
Our Comment Policy Keeps it civilized, keep it relevant, keep it clear, keep it short. Please do not post links or promotional material. We reserve the right to edit and to delete comments where necessary. Related print
Recently I've received a number of questions about how I accomplished a One-Click Signup button at the top of my Twitter profile page.
Twitter already has everybody's email addresses, so if they click on that button, their email address will go into my newsletter database. It really is an effective tool because it:
Removes the friction of filling out a form
Eliminates the need to confirm an email address
Targets people who are already “subscribed” to you via Twitter
All-in-all, it's pretty powerful. So how did I do it?
How I Created a Twitter Card
When you sign up as a Twitter advertiser (Free), you are able to create Lead Generation Cards by going to Creatives > Cards > Great Lead Generation Card.
Edit: @nathanallotey informed me that in order to create lead generation cards, you must enter your credit card information into Twitter Ads (even though the lead-generation cards are free to create and promote yourself). To ender your credit card, select “Set up credit card payment” under the “Account” menu. Thanks Nathan!
You will then be able to upload an image, a description, a call to action, etc.
You will need to be sure to have a privacy policy url on your website as a requirement from Twitter. If you don't have one yet, you can create one for free by clicking through some simple questions here: generateprivacypolicy.com.
You will also need a fallback url for your signup form in case the Twitter client that your follower is using doesn't yet support cards. You can then customize the following optional features:
A post-submit message
A destination url after they submit
A submit URL to send the form data to
For that last one, I am fortunate that my email campaign software supports Twitter cards out of the box: ConvertKit.
I can then see within ConvertKit how many signups I am getting on my list each day:
Finally, I use Twitter's new “pinned tweet” feature to keep that signup button at the top of my profile when visiting http://twitter.com/ryanbattles.
Pinning a Tweet to the Top of Your Profile
I have to first grab the url for the card by visiting the Card index page within my Twitter Ads account:
Now, whenever I paste the url https://cards.twitter.com/cards/9nnsf/1yiq into a Tweet, the card will be appended to it. I simply created a Tweet saying:
Hey Twitter Followers, be sure to connect via email to receive my latest blog posts: https://cards.twitter.com/cards/9nnsf/1yiq
This then converts into the button in Twitter clients that support it, and forwards to my signup form on my own website for Twitter clients that don't.
After publishing the Tweet, I clicked on the Tweet menu at the bottom of my Tweet (on Twitter.com), and selected “Pin to your profile page”:
Kachow! It is now pinned to the top of my profile no matter what else I post.
Bonus: Promote Your Individual Blog Articles
Earlier today I was working on another article, and I was pretty excited about it, so I tweeted the following:
Wrapping up an epic #saas post on Knowing Your Audience, and online tools to help. Get notified when it goes live: https://cards.twitter.com/cards/9nnsf/1yiq
Which then turned into this:
Bam! It was super-easy and already garnered a couple more additions to the email list.
If you have any questions, feel free to reach out to me on Twitter: @ryanbattles. Enjoy!
Listen to the New Song "D-Minor"
Our boy, Aaron Weiss, has been known to revisit their own lyrics and themes from time to time, re-working those old ideas into new songs, creating sequels and, on one occasion, a prequel. This device (admittedly stolen from Neutral Milk Hotel) has become a fan-favorite, and the motif continues on Pale Horses with "D-Minor," the sequel to the Brother, Sister track "C-Minor." In "D-Minor" Aaron once again explores how their sexuality and beliefs are intertwined, this time trying to reconcile their monastic ideals and disillusioned romanticism with their new marriage.
Lyrics to D-Minor
A borrowed fern w/ a cigarette burn & a pawn shop ring in their hand
at the Idaho courts to affirm our divorce before the marriage began
in a celery boat singing triangle notes to a horn from the military band,
the spectreworks c/o Pepper & Dircks' Bargain Ghost and Haunted Man
We awkwardly shielded the curious eyes of innocent pines from the forest floor
From the frying pan of a celibate man to the fires of the premature
who could ask for nothing more?
we're a unshrunk patch on a tear of the edge (x2)
we're a campaign badge, the short-lived match
of an unshrunk patch and the bellows' edge
on the iron lungs of our language
A by-now acquired fern with a cigarette burn
in a basket with a (rectangle) note on the bedroom floor:
They repaired my fence, those bastards,
I can't go back home no more save a roundabout way
unto each day is sufficient misfortune thereof
with which to spend in proportion to your modest pay
while shopping around for a word like ‘love.'
--With obedient trust as a babe in the womb,
impeccably chaste as a priest in the tomb
with a Deadwood map and a dynamite hat
I'll come back to Idaho soon,
harmless as a Danish cartoon
This is not the first time
[capitalized, 3-lettered sound] has died
Pale Horses is in stores and online 6-16. Pre-orders are available now.
Also don't miss mewithoutYou on tour this Summer.
Foxing and Lithuania opening
Thu/Jun-11 Chicago, IL @ Abbey Pub
Fri/Jun-12 Minneapolis, MN @ Triple Rock Social Club
Sat/Jun-13 Iowa City, IA @ Gabe's Oasis
Sun/Jun-14 Kansas City, MO @ Riot Room
Tue/Jun-16 Denver, CO @ Marquis Theatre
Wed/Jun-17 Salt Lake City, UT @ Urban Lounge
Thu/Jun-18 Boise, ID @ Neurolux
Fri/Jun-19 Seattle, WA @ The Crocodile
Sat/Jun-20 Portland, OR @ Hawthorne Theatre
Tue/Jun-23 Fresno, CA @ Strummers
Wed/Jun-24 Sacramento, CA @ The Boardwalk
Thu/Jun-25 San Francisco, CA @ The Independent
Fri/Jun-26 Los Angeles, CA @ The Roxy
Sat/Jun-27 San Diego, CA @ Soda Bar
Sun/Jun-28 Phoenix, AZ @ Crescent Ballroom
Tue/Jun-30 Dallas, TX @ Club Dada
Wed/Jul-01 Austin, TX @ Red 7
Thu/Jul-02 Houston, TX @ Fitzgerald's Upstairs
Foxing and Field Mouse opening
Sat/Jul-04 St. Petersburg, FL @ The Local 662
Sun/Jul-05 Orlando, FL @ The Social
Mon/Jul-06 Atlanta, GA @ Masquerade - Hell*
Tue/Jul-07 Birmingham, AL @ The Saturn
Wed/Jul-08 Nashville, TN @ Mercy Lounge
Fri/Jul-10 Tulsa, OK @ The Vanguard
Sat/Jul-11 St. Louis, MO @ Off Broadway
Sun/Jul-12 Traverse City @ Common Ground Music Festival
Tue/Jul-14 Indianapolis, IN @ Emerson Theatre
Wed/Jul-15 Covington, KY @ Southgate House Revival
Thu/Jul-16 Washington, DC @ Rock and Roll Hotel
Fri/Jul-17 New York, NY @ Bowery Ballroom
Sat/Jul-18 Boston, MA @ The Sinclair
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Several groups representing small businesses, entrepreneurs and early-stage investors have said that change puts small companies, which usually account for the bulk of new jobs, and individuals at a disadvantage to large companies that employ fleets of patent lawyers.
“This bill is unequivocally a job killer,” said Valerie S. Gaydos, a Baltimore-based investor in early-stage companies. “It will create a rush to the patent office, with innovators seeking to file anything and everything. The applications will be less complete, less well written and it will create more of a backlog.”
David S. Kappos, the patent office director and under secretary of commerce for intellectual property, disagreed, saying that the first-to-invent system was flawed because it essentially granted an inventor the right to legally defend their contention that they came up with an idea first. By changing to a first-to-file system, which is used in nearly every other country around the world, priority is clearly established, they said.
Photo
Many large corporations — like General Electric, Caterpillar and I.B.M. — supported the bill, which opponents suggested was evidence that the bill favors behemoths at the expense of the little guy. They point out that Mr. Kappos worked at I.B.M. for 27 years before taking the patent office job.
One of the bill's main goals is to relieve the patent office's backlog of applications, which has grown considerably in recent years. It now takes, on average, two years to get a preliminary ruling on an application, and an additional year for final grant, the patent office says.
The Internet age has created a surge in applications: in 1997, 2.25 patents were pending for every one issued, but by 2008 the rate had nearly tripled, to 6.6 patents pending for every one issued, according to patent office statistics. A backlog of about 700,000 applications is made worse by computer systems that are out of date, Gary F. Locke, the secretary of commerce, has said.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Lawmakers are betting that the backlog will be helped by giving the patent office access to more money. The agency already pays its own way, generating revenue from fees for applications and maintenance of patents. Revenue has usually exceeded the amount appropriated to the patent office by Congress, and legislators have often used the excess money for unrelated projects.
The bill addresses that by setting up a reserve fund for the collection of any fees in excess of the annual appropriation. But the patent office has to return to Congress for specific authority when it wants to tap the reserve.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
That provision was put in place by the House, which feared losing budgetary authority over the patent office. The Senate in March passed a bill that would have given the patent agency direct access to all of the money it raised through fees.
When the House bill was returned to the Senate, Senator Tom Coburn, an Oklahoma Republican, tried to amend the bill to go back to the Senate financing version, but the amendment was killed Thursday.
Also defeated was an amendment that would have stripped a provision from the bill that clarifies a method of calculating the deadline for applications to extend a patent. Senator Jeff Sessions, an Alabama Republican who sponsored the amendment, said that the change was actually meant to benefit a single company and its law firm, which might have missed such a deadline in 2001.
A third amendment, by Senator Maria Cantwell, a Washington Democrat, also was defeated. The amendment would have created a transitional program for consideration of business method patents.
The bill also contains a provision for an eight-year period of postgrant review of patents already issued. The measure was specifically aimed at so-called business method patents, which provide protection for a unique method of performing a task. The measure was heavily favored by the banking industry, which has been beset by patent infringement suits over things like electronic imaging of paper checks. The bill also provides a new method for challenges to be made to patent applications before a patent is granted.
Is Disney's Big Thunder Mountain the 'wildest ride in medicine,' too?
If you ever find yourself cursed with the unfathomable pain that is a kidney stone, forget rushing to the emergency room at your local hospital. Medical researchers now say you might find relief at Walt Disney World instead.
Seriously. In a medical journal article published today, researchers from Michigan State University detailed how riding Big Thunder Mountain Railroad at Walt Disney World's Magic Kingdom helped patients pass their small kidney stones. (And, trust me, as someone who has been through this — there is no such thing as a "small" kidney stone. Those ----ers are freakin' boulders when they're coming through.)
Getting serious for a moment, one of the ways that doctors treat kidney stones is by sending ultrasound shock waves into the body, aimed at the stone, in order to break it up. Perhaps it is possible that the movement of a moderate-thrill roller coaster, such as Thunder, can achieve sort-of the same effect, jostling the stone to get it moving and pass.
All I know if that the last time I went to the ER for a kidney stone, they charged me way more than the $124 Disney World charges to get into the Magic Kingdom on a Peak attendance day. And I waited longer in that ER than I usually wait to get on Thunder, too. So maybe going to Disney instead of the hospital would have been the better move, after all.
(As a resident of Southern California, I assume that "treatment" at Disneyland's Thunder Mountain is just as effective as riding its mirrored twin at Walt Disney World.)
I shudder to think of how Disney will react to this news. The combination of Disney ticketing and medical billing must lie somewhere in Dante's Inferno. I can't wait to see Magic Kingdom tickets going up to $4,500 a day for uninsured "patients," while the rest of us have to spend half an hour in City Hall filling out forms every time we visit to see if we can get away with just making that $124 daily "copay" for admission.
Do MagicBands even work with MRI machines?
* * *
Help support Theme Park Insider and its writers. Just two bucks a month does that and gets you ad-free viewing of the site, early access to our video show and an "Insider" designation on your posts. Sign up now!
Replies (9)
This article has been archived and is no longer accepting comments.
FILE PHOTO: The company logo of Mossack Fonseca is seen inside the office of Mossack Fonseca & Co. (Asia) Limited in Hong Kong, China April 5, 2016. REUTERS/Bobby Yip/File Photo
BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany's Federal Crime Office(BKA) said on Tuesday it had obtained a copy of the leaked data known as the Panama Papers that last year revealed how offshore firms are used to stash the wealth of the world's rich and powerful.
Some 11.5 million documents from the Panamanian law firm Mossack Fonseca were leaked to a German newspaper in 2016 and reports were published in cooperation with the U.S.-based International Consortium of Investigative Journalists (ICIJ).
“These data are being looked into and evaluated with Hesse state's tax authorities to pursue criminal and fiscal offences,” the BKA said in a joint statement with Hesse's finance ministry and the public prosecutor's office in Frankfurt.
The BKA declined to comment when asked whether it was in possession of all the data revealed in the Panama leaks.
Bild newspaper had earlier reported that the BKA had purchased the Panama Papers. The BKA declined to comment on that report.
Bild said the western state of Hesse's inland revenue office was bearing the costs of procuring the documents. Hesse's inland revenue office could not be immediately reached for comment.
The statement from the three authorities said the BKA was processing the millions of entries in the files to make it possible to evaluate them electronically. It said sifting through the data would probably take several months.
Primer-infused: Gives a gorgeous soft focus effect, and helps with transfer resistance; helps prevent feathering/bleeding
Plant-based waxes: Moisturizing feel on lips
Full coverage
Long-wearing formula
Moisturizing, cream-to-matte finish
Lightweight, no-tack texture
Formulated without parabens, sulfates or phthalates
Gluten-free and not tested on animals
Formulated without petrolatum
Long-wearing, moisturizing, full-coverage cream-to-matte color in a range of statement-making nude shades for all skin tones.When it comes to the nude lip, there is no such thing as one-size-fits-all color. Meet the next generation of nude.Gen Nude Matte Liquid Lipcolor is long-wearing, cream-to-matte color with a lightweight, no-tack texture. Formulated with moisturizing ingredients to counteract dryness, this matte liquid glides on silky smooth with a subtle vanilla scent.The flexible paddle applicator delivers full coverage in one sweep. For best results, wait 10 minutes before eating or drinking to allow the color to set.Active ingredients:Benefits:Gen Nude was developed for all skin tones and lip tones, to be a playground of nude lip shades for everyone, from makeup novice to artist. Whether you want an edgy, blanked-out nude look, a natural your-lips-but-better nude, or a deeper neutral contrast color, you're guaranteed to find shades for any look. Blend and layer colors and finishes for infinite ways to go nude.
I just experienced my first real Business Continuity Plan (BCP) event. In the past my company has simulated BCP events to test our response and capabilities. The simulated events were always minor, like a fiber cut. These are a couple observations and lessons I learned being involved in support as a Systems Administrator.
1) Your one stupid decision will be brought to light. Two major data center providers had major issues because of one poor decision. They both had located their generator fuel pumps in the basement. Generators in NYC/Manhattan are typically located on the roof due to the cost of real estate. Pumps are used to transport the fuel from the street level up 15-50+ stories. Basements are the first places to flood, thereby making your fuel pumps useless, eventually leading to your generators running out of fuel.
Articles to read:
Flooded NY data centers survive Sandy on generator power, fuel deliveries | Ars Technica
New York Data Centers Battle Back from Storm Damage » Data Center Knowledge
Hurricane Sandy Topples New York Data Center, Gawker, Gizmodo | Wired.com
2. Man power is important but tough to guarantee. You need the right people in the right places to keep things running or to fix things that break. But those same people have families and responsibilities. Key people may be busy dealing with more important matters. Business is important but life is paramount.
3. Make sure everyone has remote access and uses it periodically. After Sandy, employees' needed to work from home because our offices still did not have power. That morning 10% of the company opened tickets requesting help with remote access. This could have been avoided if we had encouraged employees to work from home periodically, thereby ensuring remote access.
4. Have more than two of important infrastructure or have more than one backup. A BCP event causes havok and in that chaos it will turn your redundant services into single points of failure (SPOF). You might have had two VPN servers before you lost power to an office, but afterwards you have a significant SPOF.
5. Be diligent in your BCP testing and preperation. Test those generators, test them again, and test them on real load a third time. You might have designed a system to have redundancy, but you need to be sure they built what you designed. I know many fiber paths that were designed to be redundant, but collapse together at some points (usually the last X feet). Be strict and follow up.
NATO's "Alternate Universe" in Libya
The Pentagon and its NATO partners are engaged in one of the most obvious and intensive propaganda ploys in their military operations against Libya since the days leading up to the "Coalition of the Willing" attack on Iraq. Suggestions that the government of Muammar Qaddafi is on its last legs and that life in Tripoli has drawn to a standstill as a result of the NATO bombing campaign are not based on reality, as any unbiased observer who has recently been in Tripoli, has witnessed…
In addition to NATO's "information war" against Libya, the corporate media press corps gathered in Tripoli, including notorious Pentagon war correspondents for The New York Times, The Washington Post, and The Los Angeles Times, have furthered the Pentagon's and NATO's propaganda claims by making false reports from the ground in Tripoli.
In one report from Tripoli, The Post's Simon Denyer suggests that the Libyan government was faking some casualties as being the result of NATO air strikes on civilian targets rather than merely from non-combat-related causes. That same meme was echoed by John Burns, who is running up the New York Times's hotel tab in Tripoli reporting on the same “made-in-the-Pentagon” propaganda line. Having been to El Khadra Hospital in Tripoli, I can attest to the fact that several individuals were injured directly by NATO airstrikes, including many with shrapnel wounds to the legs, arms, and torsos.
While German Chancellor Angela Merkel was being swooned by President Barack Obama in Washington to commit German military forces to the NATO campaign against Libya, the Deutche Presse-Agentur, the German Press Agency, falsely reported from Tripoli that life in the sprawling city of some 1.3 million peoplehad ground to a halt, that schools were closed, and that stores were shuttered, as Qaddafi's forces were increasingly coming under pressure, with some units defecting.
My own account from Tripoli is that as of June 6, students of all ages were still in school, stores were open -- although some larger food markets had limited hours of operation due to NATO sanctions on goods coming into Libya by air and ship -- and that life in Tripoli continued as normal. The NATO sanctions have resulted in massive lines of cars, trucks, and taxis queued up to fill up when petrol stations receive gasoline from land routes from Tunisia or from locally-refined oil.
The NATO sanctions and their effect of the lives of Libyans living in the central government-controlled western region is a form of "collective punishment" designed to weaken the resolve of the western Libyans to support their embattled government. However, the sanctions are having the opposite effect, with even those who may have favored the replacement of the Qaddafi government, now rallying around their government leaders as NATO prepares to usher in a neo-colonial administration. With Italy a member of the NATO coalition, Libyans recall Italian atrocities committed against Libya during Rome's colonial occupation and Libyans will support Qaddafi against the Italians, French, and British, who, along with the Americans and Canadians, seek to impose a puppet regime in Tripoli.
Credit: Wayne Madsen in Tripoli.
NATO has adopted Israeli-like “collective punishment” tactics for the people of government-controlled Libya. Fuel sanctions have resulted in long lines for gasoline in Tripoli, like these taxis (at the right) queued up for gasoline after shipments arrive at petrol stations.
Western Libyans in contact with their relatives in Benghazi, the eastern city under control of the Interim National Transition Council made up of figures of exiled opposition groups, long-supported by the CIA, Britain's MI-6, and the French DirectionGeneral de la Securite Exterieure(DGSE),recent defectors from Qaddafi's government, and extremist Wahhabi Salafist elements encourages and supported by Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and the United Arab Emirates, report how life has changed under the rebels. Women in cities like Derna, which is under the control of Salafist veterans of the "Al Qaeda" operations in Afghanistan and Iraq, including some released from U.S. detention at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, are afraid to leave their homes because the Salafists have imposed extremist Islamic codes on women appearing in public without the veil. Under Qaddafi, there were no restrictions on what women or men could wear in public. However, men cannot have beards in their Libyan passport photographs. The possession of Libyan passports bearing photographs of bearded Salafist leaders in the rebel movement indicate they have been issued fake passports by the rebel authorities in Benghazi.
Civil servants, including teachers, in the rebel-held east have not been paid after rebel leaders looted the Central Bank of Libya in Benghazi of 900 million Libyan dinars and $500.5 million in U.S. cash. Although the central government in Tripoli would like to help Libyan citizens in the east, there is no way for payments to be transmitted to the idled civil servants, as well as pensioners and those families who received $500 per month under Libya's oil revenue sharing program. The Libyan rebel “finance minister” Ali Tarhouni is believed to be a longtime CIA asset and it was they who planned the theft of the cash from the safe vault of the Central Bank in Benghazi, carried out with the assistance of a CIA-supplied safecracker from the United Arab Emirates.
A number of Libyan ministers who defected from the government to the rebels were known to be opposed to Qaddafi's policy of sharing revenue with the Libyan people and were more interested in fattening their own bank accounts and investment portfolios. It is not coincidental, therefore, that one of the first targets of the NATO warplanes was the office in Tripoli responsible for conducting an investigation of fraud of senior government officials. Many of the officials under investigation for fraud and corruption, including senior Qaddafi ministers, are now top officials of the Interim National Transition Council, recognized by France, Italy, Britain, and other NATO countries as the "legitimate" government of Libya. Western nations are already cutting deals with rebel leaders for new oil concessions that will place the interests of Big Oil over those of the Libyan masses.
The good news is that the fraud and corruption files in the building struck by NATO were backed up in a secure location and that these files will be used as evidence to indict the defectors who now serve on the Interim Council. The ministers and senior advisers implicated in corruption include former Justice Minister Mustafa Abdel Jalil, the nominal and ineffectual leader of the rebel interim council; Mahmoud Jibril, the U.S.-trained formerPlanning Minister and head of the Economic Development Board who is acting as prime minister of the rebel “Libyan Republic,” Dr. Ali el-Essawi, the Trade and Industry Minister and former ambassador to India who is also a member of the Muslim Brotherhood,Interior Minister Abdul Fatah Yunis and a close friend of Qaddafi, and former Libyan intelligence chief and Foreign Minister Musa Kusa, another close friend of Qaddafi who was also the CIA's point man in the agency's "extraordinary rendition" and kidnapping program in Libya.
Ironically, some of the very same jihadists and Muslim extremists who were targets of the CIA's torture and rendition program are now fighting with the rebels in the east, and in the case of Derna, have established a Taliban-like "Islamic emirate."
As for the French support for the Libyan rebels, there is evidence that French President Ncolas Sarkozy and Bernard-Henri Levy, the French philosopher friend of alleged New York hotel sexual predator and former International Monetary Fund chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn, supported the rebels to permit Israel to extend its influence in Libya to offset Tel Aviv's losses in Egypt. There have been credible reports that Levy, an early supporter of the Libyan rebels, convinced them during a recent visit to Benghazi, to permit Israel to establish a military base in eastern Cyrenaica on a 30-year lease. In return for the base, Israel would exert its power in Washington, London, Paris, Berlin, and Rome to have NATO step up its military campaign in Libya and Israel would covertly provide the rebels with specialized military and intelligence assistance. Just after Levy's shuttle diplomacy between Benghazi and Jerusalem, where they met with Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu, NATO committed helicopter gunships for the first time to its Libya campaign.
There has been no mention of the Israeli involvement in Libya in the New York Times, Washington Post, orLos Angeles Times, which is not surprising considering the pro-Israeli leanings of the ownership of those newspapers.
There has been no mention by the Western media, in their zeal to promote the Pentagon and NATO line, that some Libyan rebels acceded to the government's offer of an amnesty if the rebels gave up their weapons. After rebels handed over their weapons in Misrata and in the western mountains, NATO increased its bombings of the two regions.
Corporate media "war correspondents" travel in a pack, and whether they are American, British, French, German,. Canadian, or Italian, merely ape the line of the western military. In the case of Libya, the corporate war reporters hype the rebel successes while their counterparts at the Rixos Hotel in Tripoli jump on every chance to paint the Libyan government as disingenuous and exaggerating NATO collateral damage. However, this reporter witnessed the results of a NATO airstrike in a residential neighborhood of Tripoli that killed five people, including Qaddafi's son, Seif al-Arab Qaddafi and Colonel Qaddafi's three grandchildren. Neighboring homes, located only a block from the embassy of the Ivory Coast, were also severely damaged in the NATO attack.
Credit: Wayne Madsen in Tripoli.
The living room of the neighbor of Saif al Arab Qaddafi after NATO strike. NATO claimed it only bombs military targets and the western corporate media echoes that line with their propaganda dispatches from Tripoli.
Other corporate media reports out of Benghazi have suggested rebel victories in the western part of Libya, in towns along the main highway route from Tripoli to the Tunisian border. Having traveled the route on June 6, this reporter can attest that there were no signs of any rebel presence, with every town and city between Tripoli and the border flying the green flag of the Jamahiriyah. There were no flags flying of the former feudal royalist regime, the flag used by the rebels, from Tripoli to Tunisia. The only gunfire heard in the region was from Tunisian troops called in to quell black African worker refugees from the fighting in Libya crossing back and forth across the unguarded border near the actual border crossing stations.
The Libyan government has set up a phone number of Tunisia that promises displaced workers housing and financial support if they return to Libya. The rebels attacked several black African workers from sub-Saharan and Pan-Sahel countries merely because of the color of their skin. Several workers were killed and wounded and many black African women, including the wives and daughters of the guest workers, were raped by the rebels. Yet, there has been very little reported about the Arab-on-black violence by the rebels in the corporate media, ever anxious to cover for the Pentagon, CIA, White House, and NATO headquarters in Brussels.
Neither is there mention of the disposal of the bodies of the victims of rebel violence: the mass burning of bodies of victims to erase any trace of crimes against humanity committed by the U.S.- and NATO-backed rebel forces.
It has been said many times that in war the first casualty is the truth. However, journalists have a duty to report the truth regardless of the whims of their governments. As we have seen in Libya, and before, in Iraq, Afghanistan, Pakistan, Lebanon, Gaza and the West Bank, Darfur, Rwanda, Somalia, and Yemen, modern-day corporate journalists are mere stenographers for their corporate masters who, in turn, control the puppet strings for the marionettes in Washington, Brussels, London, Paris, Rome, and Berlin.
Advertisement
As Israel, Saudi Arabia, the U.S. and their allies keep a wary eye on Hezbollah and Iranian activity in Lebanon, they must not forget the influence of North Korea. There is a long history of cooperation among North Korea, Iran, Syria, Hezbollah, and Hamas. North Korea has been exporting rockets, missiles, explosives and small arms to Iran and Syria since the 1980s, in addition to providing training in unconventional warfare. But their assistance has been stepped up in recent years, and expanded to include non-state actors such as Hamas and Hezbollah.
According to a 2013 U.S. district court ruling, North Korea and Iran were culpable in the 2006 Hezbollah rocket attacks that killed and wounded civilians in Israel. Iran supplied the financing, the court ruled, and North Korea supplied rocket and missile parts for assembly in Iran and onward shipping to Syria and Lebanon for Hezbollah's use. North Korea also customized the rockets to allow Hezbollah fighters to fire the rockets quickly and run away, in an effort to avoid retaliation counterstrikes.
Rockets, Training – and Tunnels
Close More from OpsLens
The cooperation between Hezbollah and North Korea pre-dated the 2006 war, however, stretching back decades. Judge Royce Lamberth said that “Hezbollah members began traveling to North Korea for specialist instruction as early as the late 1980s. Hezbollah General-Secretary Hassan Nasrallah themselves visited North Korea for training purposes during this time.” Mustafa Badreddine, Hezbollah's counter-espionage chief, and Ibrahim Akil, head of Hezbollah's security and intelligence service, also were trained in North Korea.
North Korea has supplied Hezbollah with advanced tunnel-building technology.
Advertisement
North Korea has supplied Hezbollah and its Sunni counterpart in Gaza, Hamas, with advanced tunnel-building technology that has proven to be a deadly component of their anti-Israel tactics and strategy. North Korea has been known for decades for its tunneling ability. In the 1970s, the North was caught several times tunneling under the DMZ into South Korean territory. To date, four tunnels have been discovered and exposed, some capable of shuttling 30,000 soldiers per hour under the DMZ into South Korean territory. South Korean and allied sources expect there are many more tunnels as yet undiscovered, perhaps more than 20.
Hezbollah used the tunnels to great advantage during its 2006 war with Israel, as did the Palestinian group Hamas. Hamas famously used one of its tunnels to pop out of the ground to ambush an Israeli Defense Force (IDF) patrol , killing several IDF soldiers and kidnapping Shalit Gilad. In 2014, IDF teams discovered 32 tunnels from Gaza into Israeli territory, some ending under schools and hospitals, where explosive charges were found.
Hezbollah has built similar networks of tunnels in South Lebanon, with assistance from North Korea. In the 2006 court case referenced above, Judge Lamberth found that North Korea had given “… critical assistance in building an extensive and sophisticated fortified tunnel network in the area south of the Litani River and bordering Israel. … The configuration and parameters of the tunnel system closely resemble the layout of similar systems in the demilitarized zone separating North and South Korea.”
Hezbollah's Assymmetrical Approach to the Laws of War
Advertisement
The Washington Institute for Near East Policy (WINEP), hosted a discussion in October on preparing for the next war with Hezbollah, led by three officials from the High Level Military Group (HLMG). According to its website, HLMG “consists of military leaders and officials from NATO and other democratic countries exploring the challenges of 21st Century warfare.”
The group was formed in early 2015 for the purpose of addressing how Western nations, who follow the basic rules of war, can manage a conflict with nations and non-state actors “who disregard the Law of Armed Conflict (LOAC) but exploit our own nations' adherence to LOAC for their gain.”
… the group conducts operations without regard to the laws of war despite resembling a conventional military.
Advertisement
The HLMG officials warned that “Hezbollah's basic strategic concept consists of three related parts: terrorist activity, traditional military activity, and political activity. Among other things, this interplay means that the group conducts operations without regard to the laws of war despite resembling a conventional military. For example, it has shown no compunction about using civilians as cover for its personnel, purposefully manipulating noncombatants into becoming targets. Over time, the group has transformed most Shia villages in southern Lebanon into military assets that provide infrastructure, recruitment, storage, and access to underground tunnels designed for warfare.”
The Trump Administration just designated North Korea as a state sponsor of terrorism, a move that was long overdue. One of the many reasons behind the decision is the long term support they have given to Hezbollah: small arms, technology, training, rockets, missiles – and tunnels. As tensions mount and actors in both regions brace for a potential armed conflict, it is important to guard against that connection.
Fifteen Guantanamo Bay prisoners have been transferred to the United Arab Emirates, leaving 61 detainees at the notorious US military-run jail.
The Pentagon said on Monday that 12 Yemenis and three Afghans, some of whom had been held for more than 14 years without charge, would settle in the UAE in the largest single transfer of Guantanamo detainees during President Barack Obama's administration.
FULL LIST OF DETAINEE TRANSFERS: Abd al-Muhsin Abd al-Rab Salih al-Busi
Abd al-Rahman Sulayperson
Mohammed Nasir Yahi Khussrof Kazaz
Abdul Muhammad Ahmad Nassar al-Muhajari
Muhammad Ahmad Said al-Adahi
Abdel Qadir al-Mudafari
Mahmud Abd Al Aziz al-Mujahid
Saeed Ahmed Mohammed Abdullah Sarem Jarabh
Mohammed Kamin
Zahar Omar Hamis bin Hamdoun
Hamid al-Razak
Majid Mahmud Abdu Ahmed
Ayub Murshid Ali Salih
Obaidullah
Bashir Nasir Ali al-Marwalah
"The United States is grateful to the government of the United Arab Emirates for its humanitarian gesture and willingness to support ongoing US efforts to close Guantanamo," the Pentagon said in a statement.
Congress was notified of the transfers as required under US law, the Pentagon added.
Since the September 11, 2001 attacks in New York, about 780 inmates have been kept at Guantanamo.
Amnesty International USA, a rights group, welcomed the announcement as a sign that US President Barack Obama was serious about closing the controversial jail before they leave office.
Sultan Sooud al-Qassemi, a UAE-based political commentator, called the men "low-value detainees" and said the move was a "humanitarian gesture".
"It's a gesture of goodwill, not only to the US President but also to the Pentagon and the US government in general. Regardless of who becomes the next president, whether it's Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump, the UAE is signalling a continuity in relations between the US and the United Arab Emirates."
Qassemi also said that there might be a "reintegration programme" that the detainees would undergo.
"These individuals have not been charged with any crime. They have been cleared for release, some of them for a number of years. They are low-value detainees," they added.
READ MORE: Sami al-Hajj - Remembering Guantanamo
Clive Stafford Smith, the director of the British-based advocacy group Reprieve, told Al Jazeera that after years of torture - the UAE, an Arab-speaking country, was a good place for the detainees to "habilitate".
"After being tortured for 14 or 15 years, you can't 'kick them out' and expect them to get on with life.
"One of my clients, Mohsen Aboassy, was 23 when they were sold to the US for a bounty. He's now 37. They want to get married, they want a job, they want to get on with their life. They haven't met 13 of their nieces and nephews - so there's a lot for them to get back into."
Smith also said that Obama could easily shut down the prison.
"President Obama is the most powerful person on the planet. There are only 61 people left there, 21 have been cleared so that will leave at most 40, probably fewer. If the most powerful person on the planet can't do something about 40 people and Guantanamo Bay, which a is a blot on the American copybook and is costing over $3m per prisoner a year - they really shouldn't be president."
When Obama took office there were 242 detainees at Guantanamo. After Monday's announcement, of the 61 remaining, 19 have already been cleared for transfer.
Donald Trump's vow
November's presidential election is likely to help to determine the future of the prison, as Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has vowed to fill Guantanamo with "bad dudes" should they win the White House.
Trump has said they would "bring back a hell of a lot worse than waterboarding", referring to a method of torture banned by the US government in 2007.
To date, just 10 of the prisoners have faced a criminal trial, including the "9/11 Five" led by Khalid Sheikh Mohammed who were accused of plotting the September 11, 2001 attacks.
Submission for Eofish's Shark Week contest [link] acrylics on card with subsequent digital enhancement.37,000,000 years ago (Late Eocene), Western Atlantic.A mother whale () desperately tries to shield their calf from the monstrous sharkwas the earliest and most primitive member of thelineage that culminated in the infamous. Intermediate in size between a meg and a modern white shark,is known from teeth up to 114mm in length suggesting a total body size of about 10 metres. Unlike the simple triangular teeth of both the megalodon and the white shark,retained the sharp accessory tooth-cusps from it's Cretaceous ancestors.Sharks across the world are under threat from human exploitation and persecution. Up to 90% of the large predatory sharks may have vanished from our oceans in just the last 20 years. This artist is a proud supporter of Hearts for Sharks Australia, an organisation that promotes awareness of shark-conservation issues and encourages the harmonious co-existance between hominid and elasmobranch. [link] Based on a 2004 rendition (with penguins) that appeared in "The Big Picture Book" - I dusted off and scanned the old acrylic studies, jazzed them up in photoshop and added some fishy space fillers.
I've long argued that the arts can help cities attract talent, spur innovation, and grow their economies. But there's no shortage of naysayers out there who will counter that the only connection between the arts and urban economies is the fact that wealthier places can afford more art and artists.
A new study published in Economic Development Quarterly finds that the arts do in fact add to urban economies overall. To get at this, the authors—the noted urban real estate specialist Arthur Nelson and several colleagues—employ a unique data set on professional performing arts organizations (which I have lightheartedly referred to as the “SOBs” of the symphony, opera, and ballet) with annual budgets of over $2 million.
Using this data, the study looks at the change in knowledge-class workers (defined similarly to the creative class) between 2000 and 2010 for some 350 U.S. metro areas. Its statistical analysis controls for a wide variety of other factors that might be thought to affect the growth in knowledge or creative class employment, including overall employment change, population, density, housing values, the share of college grads, race, the share of the population that is foreign-born, and natural amenities like climate and terrain, among others.
The San Antonio Symphony helped to generate $222 million in annual employment income.
The study finds substantial evidence that performing arts organizations add to both the growth of the knowledge class and to urban economies broadly. Those with just one type of performing arts center saw a 1.1 percent increase in knowledge-class employment between 2000 and 2010; those with two types of performing arts centers saw a 1.5 percent increase; and those with all three types saw a 2.2 percent increase. The study notes that, while this may seem like modest growth, the numbers add up. Over this ten-year period, the 118 metros with at least one performing arts organization generated a whopping $60 billion in annual income and more than half a million additional knowledge-class jobs, or over 12 percent of all knowledge-class jobs created over that time frame.
The two maps below, from my MPI colleague Isabel Ritchie, show the change in knowledge-class jobs and income for all 118 metros with one or more performing arts organization. Metros in California, the East Coast, and the Rustbelt saw some of the biggest gains.
Now let's take a look at the 28 metros with three or more performing arts organizations, as show on the table below (from the study).
New York attracted by far the highest shares of knowledge-class jobs (64,100) and income ($5.7 billion). Behind New York was Los Angeles, with 41,700 new knowledge-class jobs and over $3 billion in income. Both Chicago and Washington, D.C., generated over $2 billion in knowledge-class income, while cities like Atlanta, Dallas, Houston, Miami, Philadelphia, and San Francisco each generated over $1 billion.
It's been a long road towards the anticipated launch of the Early Access version of virtual reality (VR) compatible sci-fi racing videogame, Radial-G. Indie developer Tammeka Games has had something of a whirlwind year having failed a Kickstarter crowd-funding campaign despite considerable support. Back in September 2014 the developer returned triumphantly with funding for a full version of the title, which will be preceded by a pre-release version on Steam's Early Access system. Today VRFocus can reveal the release date for this version of Radial-G.
Radial-G will launch on PC on Early Access on 11th December 2014 with full support for the Oculus Rift head-mounted display's (HMD) first and second development kits (DK1 and DK2) as well as standard monitors. Building on the demo released earlier in the year, this pre-release version will feature a brand-new environment set around a derelict asteroid mining station in deep space, which the developer has previously teased. Three new courses will also be added for players to charge through, featuring splits and twists and inverted tunnel sections.
Players will be able to choose between two different craft in this version, each with unique handling models. As for modes, a 16-player online option will feature as well as offline modes. The final version of the title, due to release ‘after a short period' in Early Access, will look to increase multiplayer support to 32-players. It will also feature three environments in total, each with three tracks that have mirrored and reversed options to unlock.
It's not yet clear just how much the Early Access version of Radial-G will cost, although the developer has confirmed that it will be offered at a reduced price compared to the full version. Following the full launch Tammeka Games plans to support the title with monthly content updates adding tracks, ships, weapons and more new features. The developer will also be releasing Mac and Linux versions of the title in 2015 as well as the PlayStation 4 edition, though specific dates are yet to be announced.
This will undoubtedly come as exciting news to all those that backed Radial-G‘s Kickstarter earlier this year, then. VRFocus will continue to follow the title's progress in the build up to launch, reporting back with any further updates on its progress.
Eric Thayer / Getty Ron Paul
There used to be an organization for people who believed in a truly limited government  limited taxes, limited spending, limited interference in individual lives and limited intervention in foreign affairs. That organization was known as the Republican Party. But the only one of those beliefs that still motivates the G.O.P. establishment is limited taxes. In 2008, people who still hold all of them joined the Ron Paul Revolution.
But now the revolution is ebbing. Congressman Paul's new campaign finance report shows that he's raised nearly $35 million, including more than any other Republican candidate in the fourth quarter of 2007, and he's inspired remarkable passion among the kind of diehards who hold up campaign signs on highway overpasses and post irate comments on obscure blogs. But the presidency isn't decided on YouTube or Technorati. Paul didn't win any Republican primaries, and they recently conceded that "victory in the conventional sense is not available."
Of course, nothing in Paul's world is ever done in the conventional sense, so they have refused to drop out of the race and endorse the presumptive G.O.P. nominee, Senator John McCain. Instead they argue that all Republicans should have "the right to vote for someone that stands for traditional Republican principles." And he's got a point.
The real significance of the Paul campaign is not the ubiquitous bumper stickers and lawn signs or the online fund-raising records ($6 million in one day, plus another $4 million, hilariously, on Guy Fawkes Day) but the mirror Paul held up to the modern Republican Party. When their fellow candidates denounced big government, Paul was there to remind them that President Bush and the G.O.P. Congress had shattered spending records and exploded the deficit. When they hailed freedom, Paul asked why they all supported the Patriot Act and other expansions of executive power. And when they called themselves conservatives, Paul asked what was so conservative about sending thousands of young Americans to try to transform the Middle East.
In some ways, Paul is a throwback to the frugal and isolationist wing of the old Republican Party, the fuddy-duddy GOP of Robert Taft and Calvin Coolidge. Their fiscal policies evoke the idealistic Republican revolutionaries who seized control of Congress in 1994; they want to abolish the IRS, the Departments of Homeland Security, Education and Energy, and most of the federal government. They refuse to vote for unbalanced budgets, and they have opposed spending taxpayer dollars on Congressional Medals of Honor, even for Rosa Parks or Pope John Paul II. Typically, their campaign has reported no debts, and still has more than $5 million in the bank. Meanwhile, Paul's foreign policies evoke candidate George W. Bush's call for a "humbler foreign policy" in 2000, although Paul goes much further; not only did they oppose U.S. involvement in Iraq, Kosovo and the war on drugs, they oppose U.S. involvement in the United Nations and NATO.
Under Bush's leadership, of course, the Republican Party has been anything but frugal and anything but isolationist. The congressional Republican revolutionaries seemed to lose their zeal for shrinking the federal government once they controlled it, which is one reason voters expelled them from power in 2006. And these days, it's usually Democrats who call for a humbler foreign policy. Paul's leave-us-alone libertarianism hasn't fit in with a party anxious to read our e-mail, improve our values, assert American power abroad and subsidize friendly industries at home. The party's recent mix of "national greatness" neoconservatives, evangelical theoconservatives and K Street careerists has had many goals, but leaving people alone hasn't been one of them. That's why Paul was the one getting booed at G.O.P. debates. And that's one reason why Paul's fervent followers were banned from the activist Republican website RedState.
In fairness, though, another reason RedState's directors got tired of the Paulistas was that so many of them seemed  what's the polite word?  nuts. Paul's supporters aren't all black-helicopter paranoiacs, but the black-helicopter paranoiacs sure do support Ron Paul. The controversy over a few racist articles in their old newsletters was probably overblown; there's no evidence that Paul themselves was ever a racist. But they are an extremist  partly in the Barry Goldwater extremism-in-defense-of-liberty-is-no-vice sense of the word, but also in the wacky let's-relitigate-the-currency-debates-of-the-1820s sense of the word. The late William F. Buckley wanted conservatives to stand athwart history yelling stop; Paul seems to want to slam history into reverse. The guy genuinely wants to abolish the Federal Reserve and start circulating gold again.
Still, even if you set aside Paul's kookier ideas, there just doesn't seem to be a road to the White House for any candidate who opposes the war in Iraq as well as higher taxes, the war on drugs as well as higher spending, restrictions on privacy as well as restrictions on guns. That's a real "freedom agenda," a true assault on big government, and while it clearly spoke to some angry dudes with high-speed web connections and time on their hands, it's just as clearly not where America stands today. Paul didn't have a lot of company on the House floor when they rose recently to complain about government overreach in the investigation of the disgraced former New York governor Eliot Spitzer, who resigned after revelations that they had been a customer of a high-end prostitution ring.
But even if Paul's ideological purity is never going to get them to the White House, it does help illuminate the impurities  and sometimes the hypocrisies  of today's Republicans, just as Ralph Nader can do for the Democrats. The G.O.P. candidates all claimed to defend taxpayers, but Paul was the only one who refused to accept a taxpayer-funded pension or taxpayer-funded junkets. The candidates all talked about shrinking big government, but Paul was the only one who included the Pentagon and NSA wiretaps and petroleum subsidies in their definition. Bush's approval ratings have been abysmal for years, but Paul was the only Republican who really campaigned for change.
And in doing so Paul illustrated what was so striking about the Republican race. The leading candidates had all strayed from Bush and current orthodoxy in the past  Rudy Giuliani on abortion and gay rights, John McCain on tax cuts, torture, health care and campaign finance, Mitt Romney on just about everything. But while Paul was getting attacked every time they called for a new direction, the rest spent the primaries minimizing and renouncing their previous departures, implicitly promising four more years of Bushism. McCain is lucky they have some time to craft a new message, because that's not where America stands today, either.
Mokhairul Islam, 40, won a first prize of a colour television for killing some 83,450 rats in the past nine months in Gazipur district near the South Asian country's capital, Dhaka. They collected their tails for proof.
"I am so happy to get this honour," they said after receiving a 14-inch television and a certificate amid cheers at an official ceremony packed with 500 farmers and officials. "I had no idea that the government gives prizes for this."
"This is an exciting moment. I will continue to kill them," they vowed.
The award was also for their work to launch a month-long campaign nationwide to kill millions more, to protect crops and reduce the need for food imports.
Officials say the impoverished nation imports some 3 million tons of food annually, while the Ministry of Agriculture estimates that rodents annually destroy 1.5 million to 2 million tons of food.
"We can cut the import of food by at least half if we can succeed in this year's campaign," said Wais Kabir, executive chairperson of the Bangladesh Agriculture Research Council.
They asked everyone, especially farmers, to take on the killing mission as a sport. The government has said it will train mainly farmers and students for this year's campaign.
"Killing rats is not that easy, it needs training," Kabir said.
Islam said they mainly used poison to kill the rats at their poultry farm, and that the cull has paid off as the rodents now scavenged less.
"Previously I needed 33 sacks of poultry feed per week, now I need less than 30," they said.
Fakhrul Haque Akanda, a farmer from northern Bangladesh and the second-prize winner, killed some 37,450 rats mostly with traps, some they invented.
"These bloody rats are my enemy, they destroy my gardens," Akanda said.
"Please pray for me so that I can continue my mission, and teach and motivate others to join me," they told the audience before taking their prize, also a television.
Last year, the U.N. World Food Program launched a monthslong food aid project in the country's southeast after a plague of rats devoured rice crops.
The biological control involves releasing populations of mosquitoes that have been infected with a commonly occurring species of bacteria, called Wolbachia. The Aedes Aegypti mosquito, responsible for the spread of the Zika virus, during testing at the Roosevelt Hospital in Guatemala City. Credit:Bloomberg The bacteria effectively inoculate the mosquitoes against the dengue virus. The treated populations then out-compete their dengue-carrying rivals, greatly reducing their numbers. Small-scale trials of the strategy started in 2011, and have so far been carried out in Queensland, Vietnam, Indonesia and Brazil. The largest trial so far kicked off in 2014, with the release of Wolbachia-infected mosquitoes throughout Townsville. The viruses that cause dengue and Zika are very closely related. Both are members of the Flavivirus family, which also includes the yellow fever and West Nile viruses. Both are transmitted by the same species of mosquito, known as Aedes aegypti.
"We have done the experimental work and it's currently winding its way through pre-publication," said O'Neill. "It shows that Wolbachia blocks Zika in an almost identical way, so where we've put it out to block dengue the mosquito populations are also resistant to Zika." They declined to specify exactly which countries in South America had approached Eliminate Dengue for help, saying that the negotiations were still at a preliminary stage. "The talks are going fairly quickly," they said, "But it is important to be realistic and to realise that being able to implement something this widespread in a very short timeframe is a very difficult thing to do." So far there have been two confirmed cases of Zika in Australia, both in travellers returning to Sydney from the Caribbean. Professor O'Neill said they expected more cases would occur, but did not anticipate a great number in the highest risk areas of Queensland where the Aedes mosquito is common.
Loading "I'm sure it will appear, but I think the likelihood of a large outbreak is very small," they said. "We have some confidence that the risk in Australia has been lowered because of the Wolbachia mosquito populations already released around Cairns and Townsville."
An earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 5.1 struck just off the coast of Cuba, 14 miles north of Corralillo, at 3:57 p.m. Thursday. The tremor could be felt as far as the lower Keys. NBC 6 Meteorologist John Morales has the latest. (Published Thursday, Jan. 9, 2014)
An earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 5.1 struck just off the coast of Cuba on Thursday and was felt in Florida, according to the National Earthquake Information Center.
The quake struck in the Straits of Florida, off Cuba, about 17 miles north-northwest of Corralillo at 3:57 p.m.
The quake swayed medium-rise buildings in the Cuban capital and was felt in Key West.
Weird News Photos: Man Shoves Snake in Pants
There were no immediate reports of damage or injuries.
The temblor was centered about 107 miles east of Havana and 22 miles northeast of Marti. It struck at a depth of about 6.2 miles.
Extreme Weather Photos: Malaysia Floods
In Havana, the quake was felt clearly by workers in two 6-floor buildings that were temporarily evacuated. It appeared to last around 30 seconds.
Meanwhile, in the lower Florida Keys, some residents felt the earthquake. City of Key West officials said they could feel the shake, but no objects fell from the walls or shelves.
Becky Herrin, the Monroe County Sheriff's Office spokesperson, was in their office located just outside of Key West when the room started swaying.
"I was in my office, sitting in my chair at my desk. Suddenly I felt this swaying motion. Suddenly, I heard from other offices: 'What was that? What was that?'" they said.
Herrin said the sheriff's office got calls from residents who had felt it too.
"It wouldn't surprise me if anyone's picture fell off of the wall," they said.
But it was first time in the 28 years they have lived in the Keys that they have felt tremors.
"It's not something we get here," they said.
The U.S. Geological Survey calculated the quake had a preliminary magnitude of 5.1. (Click here for their website.)
Cuba is not as known for seismic activity as are other parts of Latin America, especially countries along the Pacific's Rim of Fire.
But a number of significant quakes have hit the island over the years, including one in 1932 that killed eight people and damaged 80 percent of the buildings in the eastern city of Santiago, according to U.S. National Geophysical Data Center records.
It is also not the first time a quake originating in Cuba was felt in Florida. Click here for details.
Copyright Associated Press / NBC 6 South Florida
One of the first public uses of the Winnipeg Police Service's military-style armoured vehicle helped officers get a BB gun off the streets.
"When we were first made aware of this incident — let me make this very, very clear — we were not aware that this was a BB gun. This was described to us as a gun, as a weapon, and potentially a high-powered gun," said police spokesperson Const. Jason Michalyshen.
"We did not know exactly at that time what the capabilities of this gun were, and we certainly weren't taking any chances. Visually, this looks like a pretty intimidating weapon."
Police seized this 'Uzi-style' BB gun from a home in the city's Spence neighbourhood. (Winnipeg Police Service)
The police pressed their armoured vehicle, nicknamed ARV1, into action on Sept. 21 after getting a call from a group of people who had been in a vehicle at the rear of an apartment block when a man walked up with a gun and made threats.
The group took off in their car and called police, who identified a suspect and confirmed they were inside a nearby home. Attempts to contact the suspect went unanswered leading to "an armed and barricaded situation," police said.
The ARV1 was called in and its battering ram was used to smash in the rear door of the home. That allowed members of the tactical team and canine unit to get inside and take the suspect into custody.
A search turned up an "Uzi-style" replica BB gun that was believed to have been used to threaten the group that was in the car, Michalyshen said.
A 52-year-old man is charged with uttering threats to cause death or injury as well as pointing a firearm.
"It was kind of a dynamic incident, but our priority is public safety, the safety of our members and doing things with great efficiency," Michalyshen said.
"We're going to respond appropriately. The appropriate resources are going to be deployed. We're not putting anyone at risk, including our own members."
It's one of the first times the armoured vehicle was used and it's important that the public understands why it is deployed and how it is used, they said.
"It's a resource we're very proud to have."
This blog post is the first in an ongoing series about AWS security best practices.
Amazon Web Services (AWS) is arguably the most popular cloud computing platform. With the platform's recent reduced pricing and added features, moving infrastructure to AWS is now more attractive for businesses and consumers looking to lower cost and maintenance while improving productivity.
Interested in migrating to AWS as well? That's a great idea, but you need a strong security foundation first.
This series will discuss several recommendations for securing AWS. In this first blog post, we will cover how to minimize security risk and data loss.
Hardened IAM Policies
Identity and Access Management (IAM) enables system administrators to securely control services and resources for users. Properly configured IAM policies and permissions are important since these can affect the entire AWS infrastructure's security posture.
Using IAM, system administrators can create granular permissions and assign them to specific roles and groups. System administrators can then follow the principle of the least privilege when provisioning user access and reduce the attack surface in the event of an account compromise.
Implementing a strong password policy requires users to comply with industry security standards. It further reduces vulnerability and enhances the AWS infrastructure's overall security. A strong password policy would entail using passwords with a minimum 10-character length and rotating keys on a 90-day cycle.
The IAM policy does not, though, apply to the AWS root account password. Therefore, ensure the root account is set up with the highest level of security and forgo using the root account for day-to-day interaction with AWS.
Another aspect to keep in mind is that passwords are a relatively outdated security authentication form and cannot sufficiently protect against more sophisticated cyberattacks. Thus, it is extremely important that all user accounts — especially AWS root accounts — enable multi-factor authentication as an extra level of protection. MFA can be implemented in various AWS services and can prevent unauthorized account access, AWS command line execution, and API (application program interface) calls. Many well-known security breaches could have been mitigated if the targeted organizations had used MFA.
Firewalls
Security groups are virtual firewalls that control the inbound and outbound network traffic of EC2 instances or virtual private clouds (VPCs). Consider the following guidelines when implementing security groups:
Use caution with multiple security groups. You can apply multiple security groups to a single EC2 instance or apply a single security group to multiple EC2 instances. System administrators often make changes to the state of the ports; however, when multiple security groups are applied to one instance, there is a higher change of overlapping security rules. For example, security group A opened port 80 to the entire Internet. Meanwhile, security group B opened port 80 to one IP address. If you assign these two security groups to an EC2 instance and modify either, issues may occur. If you remove port 80 rules from security group A, security group B still has port 80 open. It's easier to find these mistakes when there is a small number of EC2 instance or security groups. A larger number makes finding mistakes more difficult
You can apply multiple security groups to a single EC2 instance or apply a single security group to multiple EC2 instances. System administrators often make changes to the state of the ports; however, when multiple security groups are applied to one instance, there is a higher change of overlapping security rules. For example, security group A opened port 80 to the entire Internet. Meanwhile, security group B opened port 80 to one IP address. If you assign these two security groups to an EC2 instance and modify either, issues may occur. If you remove port 80 rules from security group A, security group B still has port 80 open. It's easier to find these mistakes when there is a small number of EC2 instance or security groups. A larger number makes finding mistakes more difficult Complexity is the enemy of security. Keeping the number of security groups low can help to reduce the work required to maintain them. We have encountered situations in which an excess number of security groups have led to overlapping rules on instances, resulting in exposed services. As a result, effective management was difficult (to say the least).
Keeping the number of security groups low can help to reduce the work required to maintain them. We have encountered situations in which an excess number of security groups have led to overlapping rules on instances, resulting in exposed services. As a result, effective management was difficult (to say the least). Ingress (inbound) security rules help prevent unauthorized incoming traffic from reaching your EC2 instance. But what about unauthorized outgoing traffic? We typically find ingress security rules implemented in the AWS environment – but we don't typically see egress (outbound) rules being enforced. Egress security rules prevent compromised servers from leaking data out of the network or pivoting to servers within the network.
Backups
The Code Spaces compromise demonstrated the importance of a proper secure backup solution. AWS offers the Simple Storage Service (S3) that system administrators can use to securely store objects in the cloud. With S3, users can also set up MFA and server-side encryption to safeguard against unauthorized file access.
We recommend requiring MFA on critical S3 operations and storing the data with server-side encryption that includes a strong encryption key. The backup can be downloaded to a local file storage solution as another layer of protection. Additionally, S3's lifecycle feature can retain backup data in Amazon Glacier — at a fairly low price. This will offer redundancy and it's an essential for keeping your business running both effectively and securely.
Conclusion
Hardened IAM policies, security group management, and a secure backup solution are the three key aspects system administrators should focus on when managing their AWS infrastructure. By focusing on these, security risk and data loss can be kept to a minimum.
In the next post, we'll discuss how to harden EC2 instances during deployment.
Questions or comments? Talk with us on Twitter.
You can read the second part of this series here.
Our recommendations should not be considered comprehensive; rather, they are meant to address common mistakes that system administrators need to avoid when deploying infrastructure to AWS. For a comprehensive list of security best practices, check out this Amazon whitepaper.
CLEVELAND — As Hillary Clinton prepares to announce their running mate later this week, the political calculations have suddenly changed.
Had Donald J. Trump chosen a woman or a minority as their vice-presidential candidate, Mrs. Clinton would have faced pressure from liberals to make their own bold choice. If Mr. Trump had picked a fiery raconteur like Newt Gingrich or Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey, two of their finalists, the decision would have given Mrs. Clinton pause about putting a young fresh face on the debate stage this fall — rather than an attack dog, according to several Clinton campaign advisers. And if the Republican No. 2 was from a critical swing state, the electoral map might have loomed larger in their considerations.
Instead, Mr. Trump picked Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana — a button-down, deeply conservative white man from a Republican-leaning state whose record appeals strongly to their party's base.
By choosing someone so conventional, Mr. Trump has made it easier for Mrs. Clinton to follow suit with an unadventurous pick of their own, like Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia or Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack, a former governor of Iowa. They could send Housing Secretary Julián Castro out to debate Mr. Pence without fearing a blowout. Or they could pick Labor Secretary Thomas Perez, who is from the reliably Democratic state of Maryland.
GÖTTINGEN — The German armed forces plan to lease advanced Israeli UAVs, Defence Minister Ursula von der Leyen said Tuesday.
In a statement, they pointed out that the inspector general of the Bundeswehr has decided to rent the drone Heron TP, manufactured by the Israeli company IAI, to protect German soldiers in deployments overseas. The German Army already uses the smaller predecessor drone Heron 1 for years in Afghanistan with good results.
According to the minister, the leasing contract is intended to bridge the period until 2025 when a new European combat drone will enter service. Last year, Germany, France, Italy and Spain agreed to build such an UAV. In this project Germany wants to take the lead role.
The lease of three to five Heron TPs will cost roughly €600 million (US $650 million), with the deployment's start scheduled for 2018, government sources disclosed. The contract is to be concluded by the end of this year. Apparently, the UAVs are to be stationed initially in Israel for training purposes, but a relocation to an air base in northern Germany is planned in the long run. However, in case of problems with the registration, a deployment in Israel seems to be possible.
Heron TP is considered a MALE drone (Medium Altitude, Long Endurance) for reconnaissance tasks and can be armed when needed, which is not possible for Heron 1. The partner for the Bundeswehr is primarily Airbus Defence and Space, the company operates and maintains the aircraft. With the Israeli manufacturer IAI, Airbus has completed a so-called teaming agreement without establishing a new company.
According to sources in the Bundestag, Germany's lower house of parliament, a major reason for the Heron TP's selection was Israelis' willingness to give Germany a deep insight into the drone's technology . "All the technical information we might need, was promised to us", said a well-informed person linked to the Social Democrats of the Bundestag. According to the source, the Israelis also assured that the know-how could be used for the development of a European drone. IAI sees the Bundeswehr as an important reference customer for Heron TP drone, and the state of Israel is backing the deal, the person said. So far this UAV is only in use by the Israeli Defense Forces.
Another argument for Heron TP is It's significantly faster availability in comparison to a procurement of US model Predator, insiders said. The technical resemblance of Heron 1 and Heron TP should also facilitate the training of operating personnel.
× Fear of missing out? Fear no longer. Be the first to hear about breaking news, as it happens. You'll get alerts delivered directly to your inbox each time something noteworthy happens in the Military community. Thanks for signing up. By giving us your email, you are opting in to our Newsletter: Sign up for our Early Bird Brief
Nevertheless, with the selection of the Israeli aircraft the Bundeswehr goes a special path, as British, French, Italians, Dutch and Spanish opted for US drones produced by General Atomics. In case of problems with logistics, maintenance or operations Germany can't tap resources of European partners.
According to media reports, it is currently being discussed to arm the Heron TP with the air-to-ground missile Brimstone from European manufacturer MBDA, which was confirmed by well-informed sources. Britain has used the weapon already in Libya and Iraq. The German Air Force checks apparently procurement of this missile for its Typhoon Eurofighters. However, IAI should have a say in the selection, as the Israelis would have to disclose their interface for the integration of weapons. Brimstone is manufactured by MBDA UK.
As of November, the Heron 1 UAVs had logged more than 25,000 flight hours in Afghanistan, Airbus announced. In its contracts, the Bundeswehr acquired a guaranteed number of flying hours of this aircraft type from Airbus. In addition to the maintenance, staff from Airbus is responsible even for takeoffs and landings of the Heron 1. A contract for Heron TP could look similar.
Manchester United and Liverpool meet without local talent for first time in Premier League history
Steven Gerrard and Paul Scholes represented their local team in the rivalry
For the first time in Premier League history, Manchester United and Liverpool are set to face off on Saturday without a locally born player featuring for either side.
The famous fixture has seen a player from the Liverpool or Manchester area turn out for their respective side in each of their 46 previous Premier League encounters.
However, Huyton boy Steven Gerrard left Liverpool for LA Galaxy in the summer and, with Liverpudlians Jon Flanagan and Jordan Rossiter unlikely to play, the Saturday Night Football showdown this weekend is set to become a Premier League first.
That is some departure from Gerrard's first appearance against United in September 1999. In that 3-2 win for United at Anfield there were EIGHT players in action for their local side.
Gerrard, Jamie Carragher (who scored two own goals), David Thompson and Robbie Fowler appeared for Liverpool, and Phil Neville, Nicky Butt, Ronnie Wallwork and Paul Scholes turned out for United.
Wayne Rooney, who was born in Croxteth, Liverpool, is more than likely to be on the field at Old Trafford this weekend - but the England record-breaker will be in the red of Manchester United.
The fixture will also be the first Premier League meeting between the sides in 16 years not to feature either Gerrard or Ryan Giggs.
Between them, Gerrard and Giggs played in this fixture 83 times in all competitions.
On January 25th, President Trump signed an executive order promising to withhold federal money from cities that protect undocumented immigrants, otherwise know as “sanctuary cities.”
After Trump's threat to pull funding for sanctuary jurisdictions, several towns, cities and counties around the nation are caving and abandoning their “sanctuary” pledges to shield illegal immigrants from federal authorities.
From Fox News:
Dayton, Ohio, dropped a policy that restricted the city's cooperation with immigration officials pursuing illegal immigrants arrested for misdemeanors or felony property crimes, according to the Dayton Daily News. Police Chief Richard Biehl said federal authorities will no longer be impeded by the city when pursuing illegal immigrants being held by their department.
Other communities that have dropped policies of shielding illegal immigrant suspects from Immigration and Customs Enforcement include Miami-Dade and Dayton, are Saratoga, N.Y., Finney County, Kan., and Bedford, Penn., according to The Center for Immigration Studies, which keeps a list of sanctuary communities.
“We are reviewing policy changes at a multitude of other jurisdictions as well,” said Marguerite Telford, CIS's director of communications, who said the organization is “being inundated” by officials on its sanctuary map who want to be taken off.
The mayor of Miami-Dade County, which was considered a sanctuary community, made headlines recently when they changed a policy that called for refusing to hold arrested immigrants for immigration officials unless they committed to reimbursing the county for the cost of detention.
Telling reporters that they did not want to imperil hundreds of millions of dollars in federal funding, Mayor Carlos Gimenez ordered jails to comply with federal immigration detention requests.
The changes have come on the heels of President Trump's executive order giving the Department of Justice and Department of Homeland Security the power to cut federal funding to communities that are deemed sanctuaries for illegal immigrants. Trump also has authorized the DHS to publish a weekly list of sanctuary communities.
Among those who favor sanctuary cities and have vowed to defy Trump's orders despite the pressure of losing funding are uber-liberal New York's Mayor Bill de Blasio and the crime-ridden city of Chicago's Mayor Rahm Emanuel.
“We're going to defend all of our people regardless of where they come from, regardless of their immigration status,” said Mayor Bill de Blasio at a recent press conference.
Mayor Rahm Emanuel vowed to protect illegal immigrants, including ones suspected or convicted of crimes, from the feds.
“I want to be clear: We're going to stay a sanctuary city,” Emanuel said. “There is no stranger among us… you are welcome in Chicago as you pursue the American dream.”
However, CIS and other groups that favor strict immigration enforcement commend Trump for their bold move.
“Are you really going to pick and choose what laws you're going to enforce?” asked Telford. “If you want a change [in immigration policy], go to the legislature.”
Ira Mehlman, spokesperson for the Federation for American Immigration Reform, or FAIR, predicted many more communities will be dropping or dramatically modifying their sanctuary stances.
“We're going to see more of this,” Mehlman told Fox News. “Faced with the possibility of losing federal dollars, they'll choose to keep funding public services rather than protecting illegal aliens.”
Like us on Facebook – USA Liberty News
Source: thefederalistpapers.org
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
A Carlsbad woman fainted in court on Monday after being convicted in a murder-for-hire plot against their estranged husband, interrupting the jury's verdicts and briefly delaying court proceedings against a second defendant.
Diana Lovejoy, 45, was found guilty of conspiracy to commit murder and attempted murder in the Sept. 1, 2016 attack of Greg Mulvihill, according to KTLA sister station KSWB in San Diego.
Lovejoy appeared to pass out after they were convicted on the two counts, courtroom video showed.
The judge then recessed the proceedings, briefly delaying the reading of the jury's verdict against a second defendant in the case, 50-year-old Weldon McDavid Jr.
The Marine veteran was also convicted of attempted murder, as well as an assault with a deadly weapon charge; they openly wept as the second part of the verdict was handed down, KSWB reported.
Prosecutors said that Lovejoy had accused Mulvihill, 45, of molesting the couple's young son and sexually abusing her, according to the station. The couple separated in July 2014.
The divorce was nearly finalized and Mulvihill was trying to reclaim their life when the incident took place.
On the night of Sept. 1, the victim received a phone call from a person claiming to be a private instigator, prosecutors said. The caller also claimed to have information on Lovejoy, and instructed Mulvihill to go to a dirt road in Carlsbad where they could pick up a package pertaining to their estranged wife.
The victim drove to the area with a co-worker and was attempting to find the package when, according to witness testimony, the pair saw rustling in the bushes and noticed what looked like a person pointing a rifle at them.
After shots rang out, the two men ran away, with Mulvihill wounded.
Police later determined Lovejoy had purchased the phone used in the call, according to prosecutors. Investigators were able to trace McDavid to the scene of the shooting through feces that were found in the bushes.
Several guns were found in McDavid's garage, along with a silencer and a "blast bag" that contained some spent shell casings, prosecutors said.
McDavid's attorney said their client opened fire only after hearing someone yell, "I have a gun," KSWB reported.
They added McDavid was a trained marksman and that, "If Weldon McDavid wanted to kill someone with their skill set, they would have done so. ... That was not their intent."
Lovejoy met McDavid when they started taking lessons at the shooting range where they worked, according to the McDavid's attorney. At some point, Lovejoy told them Mulvihill was allegedly abusing their son, and that they had been trying to get someone to do something about it for years.
They had secured a temporary restraining order against them after alleging he'd been abusing them and their child, but it lapsed, Lovejoy's attorney said.
Lovejoy was still concerned about Mulvihill, but "at no time was there a discussion (or) conspiracy to murder their husband," their attorney told the jury.
Jurors deliberated for about two days before reaching the verdicts.
Lovejoy and McDavid face 25 years to life and 50 years to life respectively when they are sentenced next month, according to KSWB.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Your browser does not support inline frames or is currently configured not to display inline frames. Content can be viewed at actual source page: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U8dWTKNPRq4
GUESTS Marney Cox, SANDAG (San Diego Association of Governments) Chief Economist Gary London, real estate economist with London Group Realty Advisors Transcript for audioclip 20150
San Diego's housing market continues to be among the least affordable in the nation. A new survey finds only one of the nation's largest cities ranks lower.
 San Diego's housing got less affordable during the past year. A survey by a banking information website pegs the city as having the second "least" affordable housing market in the country.
The Numbers $62,395: the median household income for residents living in the City of San Diego, according to the 2012 American Community Survey. $469,000: the City of San Diego's median home price during the second quarter of 2012, according to the National Association of Realtors.
Interest.com surveyed the nation's 25 largest cities. The firm measured the median home price, the cost of financing and compared it to a region's median income. Nationally, incomes are up, but those increases are outpaced by jumps in home values and the cost of mortgages.
San Diego's median paycheck was 37.71 percent below the amount required to buy the median priced home. That was worse than every city surveyed but San Francisco, which had a negative 48 percent rate.
Mike Sante is the managing editor of Interest.com and they said affordability dropped nationally making it harder for people to buy homes.
"Even though their income went up, the mortgage rates went up and they could actually afford to borrow less than they could last year," Sante said. "And then you added on the fact, that in all 25 cities, we saw an increase in property values."
Marney Cox is Chief Economist for the San Diego Association of Governments. They said it's an issue of supply and demand.
"Only in the last year has the housing market gotten close to stabilizing," they said.
Part of the affordability problem is that there aren't enough new homes being built.
Cox said San Diego is still not issuing enough new homebuilding permits. Last year 6,000 permits were issued, but we need 12,000 to 18,000 to be a normal market.
Home prices in San Diego are up more than 20 percent when measured against last year's prices.
Atlanta was the most affordable city on the list. The median income there is nearly 25 percent higher than the money needed to buy a median-priced home.
To view PDF documents, Download Acrobat Reader.
Darkest Dungeon® - redhookjohn
Introducing Color of Madness Endgame Conditions!
Once you have progressed beyond 200 Kills, the shimmering space-time of the corrupted Farmstead takes on an endgame condition, called a “Reflection.” These are mutators that increase the difficulty of the quest in different ways from that point onward.
Unbearable Reflection:
Heroes: +33% Stress Dmg Received
Heroes: -33% Stress Heal
Monsters: +4 SPD
Reflection of Decay:
Heroes: -50% Healing
Monsters: +15% PROT
Monsters: +25% Stun Resist
Monsters: +25% Debuff Resist
Sanguine Reflection:
Heroes: -8% Deathblow Resist
Monsters: +7.5% Crit
Monsters: +3 SPD
Reflection Obscura:
Heroes: -20% Stress Damage Received (a boon!)
Heroes: -20% Healing
Monsters: +10% PROT
Monsters: +25% Damage
Battle Limit Skill Refreshments in Endless Harvest:
Changelist
Japanese Localization added for Darkest Dungeon, The Crimson Court, and The Shieldbreaker. (The Color of Madness is coming).
SOME SAY THAT CRITSMAS WENT TOO FAR. (Critsmas was when we increased crit %s AND added the OnCrit Buffs for each hero.) They are basically right. We have tweaked a number of crit values (skills, trinkets) down a bit to account for those OnCrit Buffs that were a late addition. Crits are still net+ from pre-Color of Madness release.
Total Scouting chance can now be seen as a tooltip on the Quest Provision screen.
Shambler loot increased
Champion Bone Courtiers should drop their special Chalice more often now
Moved Laudanum glossary entry to base game (from CC)
Fix to crash when killing siren with controlled hero with reflect damage.
Swinetaur brain improvements: hooked PIG SPEAR back up (it went missing!) and improved logic of Trot Retreat
Added buff/debuff+ icons to quest length duration buffs/debuffs.
Fix to double riposte overriding corpse crit clear.
Fix to centered icons swapping sides.
Carrion eater ACC++ on their main attacks
Fix to alpha curio bug in battle.
Leper crit tuning
reworded Help strings referencing Retreat Flag to say "Retreat Icon (which looks like an "X")"
Fix for quest generation that was creating too many quests in individual dungeons
Town buffs and debuffs now use the new Buff+ and Debuff+ icons.
Add ability to modify combat speed in the rules file.
Fix to removing mortality debuff camping skills and the has had heart attack flag cleared.
Riposte now won't trigger attack additional effects.
Game now saves every time you sell a trinket.
Fix to dead hero save load exploit.
Fix to heart attack save load exploit.
Mini-map will no longer auto center when scouting if you have the map_follow_party option set to off.
Adjusted Torch Tooltip zones to account for when there is a light meter or not.
Fixing loading issue where some spine_fx were missing (blood_splatter specifically)
Fixing loading issue where some spine_fx were missing (blood_splatter specifically)
Fix to swinatuar brains and trot retreat fixes.
Fix to journal crash if you uninstall dlc.
Added monster size check to unholly rally when corpses are disabled.
Reduced active area of realm inventory by removing empty background.
Arb/Musk fix to stagecoach chances for cases where user doesn't have Musketeer installed
Fix to Virtue Hero avoidance in several monster attacks (brains)
Added ability to specify clickable area of button
Fix to shambler ambush bug
Retroactively giving the In Such Haste achievement
Fixed a bug that affected specific encounter bgs (ie. Fanatic and Shieldbreaker Nightmares)
Fix to mashes being cleared from traps that spawn battles.
Fixing pop up props associated with heros to be drawn with the hero instead of after the fact.
Fixes spawn monster effect rendering in front of summoner during summon.
Fixed retreat raid button from popping up during teleport
Updated localization
Adjusted Infestation - Players have consistently reported some dissatisfaction around the number of Bloodsucker spawns in dungeons during periods of High Infestation. In order to better preserve each dungeon's identity, High Infestation has had the following adjustments:
Overall amount of hallway Bloodsucker encounters reduced, so as to not overwhelm a dungeon's native population.
Egg Sac curios appear at High Infestation, allowing players an opportunity to opt in to a Bloodsucker fight and farm Blood and Invitations.
- Players have consistently reported some dissatisfaction around the number of Bloodsucker spawns in dungeons during periods of High Infestation. In order to better preserve each dungeon's identity, High Infestation has had the following adjustments: Fixed a typo on CC Bleed Res Debuff 5 (ie. Champion monsters will now correctly apply bleed resistance debuffs to some of their attacks.)
Fix to countess not showing skill names on transforms
We have been concerned to see feedback that some players believe the Shieldbreaker flashback battles are never-ending and therefore the SB isn't given as much value as they deserve. We've implemented a few things to help communicate that there are only 7 flashbacks and they only need passed once. (Not once per recruited SB.)
Added a tutorial for flashbacks.
Flashbacks now have a 50% chance of happening on a given quest.
The Shieldbreaker will now bark to warn the player of an impending nightmare before resting.
Once the 7 flashbacks have been completed, all Shieldbreakers get a free restful sleep buff each time they camp!
Fix to controller exploit with flashbacks and ambush.
Fix to being able to retreat from a flashback.
Fix to immediately switching to room after not ambush camp and be visible sitting.
Reflections (see above)
Change to Battle Limited skill refreshment while in Endless Harvest (see above)
Wave spawned monsters now are placed more intelligently. (Front rank monsters will more reliably be placed in front; back rank monsters will more reliably be placed in back.)
Revised length of post-Spire wavepools for new Endless Harvest rules. (Each wave group is shorter now.)
Fix sorting of shard recruits.
Remove raid buffs when dying and going to time and space.
Remove plot quest required quirk heroes (shard recruits) from being calculated in hero level requirement for town events (vulf).
Added refreshing of skills in curio rooms
Abomination has an exception for their transformation
Shard dust refreshes skills when used
Remove roster limit quirk heroes ( shard recruits ) from being included in goals.
Adding colour_grades to monster art files. In particular Galaxy and Spire.
Geologic Study hall should no longer increase stacking of Tapestries and Antiquarian treasures
Fix to torch settings persisting after death in time and space.
Added Kill Count to Wave UI
Lowered Thing roaming icon on quest select screen to reduce overlap on 4th position quest icons above it
FIXED bug where once you've finished endless, game would reroll quests everytime you start it
Remove map references from help menu in wave raid.
Remove quest modifier buffs when you die and go to time and space.
Thing debuffs don't apply if the attack misses
Thing persists after retreat (you can't retreat to then roll a new encounter)
Fixed "preferred" typo in game code.
Fix to skill Refresh pop text.
Adjusted Shamblers encountered in the Farmstead to be equivalent to fighting at 0 light.
Updated miller success/defeat strings
Added controller support for nomad wagon and stagecoach for shard activities.
Fixed bug w/ crystal overlays
Sleeper's caretaker goal should now function correctly
Increased Crystal Aberrations stun resist 400 from 200 (This is to prevent it from surviving until wave reinforcement, resulting in bugs)
Fixed and issue around reloading a save during a turn where multiple Crystal Aberrations self-destructed resulting in one of the crystal surviving and causing an assent with wave reinforcements.
You can disable new Virtue loss at high stress and return to legacy system through an entry in Rules.json ("virtue_can_lose_from_stress" : false)
Added tag based quirk evolution duration buff.
Added a cure disease effect
Add variable to disable buff description.
Ability to have additional mashes based on quirk tags
Fix to mod support bug where hp dot duration percent mods where not being applied.
Added ability for multi target effects to have individual rolls on targets
This update contains some significant changes to Endless Harvest brought about by feedback and observation.It's important to us that Endless Harvest is an exciting, tense experience. Some of the balance and structure in the first deployment make it possible to advance through what we consider an excessive amount of kills (1000+!) which results in a drawn out experience lacking some of the tension and excitement that we feel is vital. These changes have been made to try to keep the experience “punchy”, while still retaining that incentive and challenge of bettering your kill counts...without requiring a dozen or more hours for a single deep run. We hope that you find them to be good changes for the long term health of the mode, just as we do!These conditions stack on top of other Light conditions already present in whatever room you are present in the Farm or Space and Time.Battle Limited skills with battle-long durations were balanced for the normal game structure. In Endless Harvest, this resulted in them being overpowered because a given combat lasts much longer than a normal 4-monster combat.Now in Endless Harvest, Battle Limited skills don't refresh until the end of a given wave *group* instead of refreshing after each wave. This helps with the balance and creates some tension around when you should pop and lock those Leper combos.Shard Dust, however, now carries the additional benefit of refreshing battle limited skills on an individual hero. This is a zany idea that we think can be compelling and give you some additional tactical options. Of course, don't hit that dust too much, or it will leave the hero worn out.
I'm going to preface this article with this comment: I don't usually write posts that are negative in nature towards CCP and/or its community in order to maintain the status quo.
A little under two weeks ago we heard the announcement that CCP was postponing its development of VR. Along with that, it was announced that a significant number of CCP staff would be let go. Most noticeably those engaged with community-related work. CCP Phantom, Shadowcat, Manifest, Logibro, Elvine, PearlJive, Leeloo, Hunter and Frame, to name but a few of them. The effect of these losses is already starting to take effect. Last night we saw the Anger Games canceled due to a termination of Thunderdome server support, which was CCP Logibros “baby”.
A day after the layoffs CCP Leeloo posted a long article on their facebook page with regards to their immersion and involvement with EVE during their time at CCP. You could tell by the way the statement was written the amount of love that they had/has for this game and the community that follows it. And therein lies the problem.
Let me explain: If you look at how EVE came into existence, it looks very similar to what people typically know as an “indie” game. At the start of its life, it had but a handful of people creating the base of what we all play in today. However, it wasn't being made with the intention of instant interest or a money-making machine. It was being created as a labor of love. The development that was being put into it was because of what the designers thought would be cool, what the game needed to be fun.
Fast forward to 2017 and look at Eve now. CCP operates as a business, to generate a profit, by in large down to the relatively small (in the grand scheme of gaming companies, lets be honest here) success of EVE Online and the players that continue to subscribe to it. The makeup of CCP has however diversified.
A reasonable portion of CCP, especially some of the names just mentioned, came to CCP as players of the game. A lot of people, like Leeloo, fell in love with Eve. They were recognized and recruited as talent to help with the success of the game and making sure it delivered to its dedicated community, serving as a bridge between CCP internally and the desires of its community. The game became so big that it moved beyond a labor of love for the developers to making something that others enjoy playing and are happy to pay for. That love for making something better, something good, becomes what costs the least while generating the most amount of money to fulfill a need.
The community for Eve … can be somewhat of an invisible metric
The community for Eve, when you look at it from a business perspective can be somewhat of an invisible metric. Show me the data that proves how having a better community helps with player retention. Show me the data that shows how spending development time creating a tournament skin, developing tournament rules and ships, or supporting a tournament server, ultimately results in the business making money instead of losing it. Show me how Permaband, who create music that doesn't appear in the game, helps market the game to a wider audience.
I've been subscribed to this game since its launch and I've witnessed Eve grows beyond the confines of a single shard universe a long, long time ago. Community meetups around the world exist, not exclusively in celebration of the game, but because of the community that the game has created. Eve merely serves as the common meeting ground for the discussion and interaction to begin. It's not uncommon that the corps/alliances that exist within the game often play other games together as well. Eve attracts a certain type of person and alliances continue to serve as a filter to further refine those individuals ways of thinking. With that further refinement, the bond of friendship typically grows and flourishes. And as we've witnessed in the past, even relationships and families are formed because of people meeting and exploring these bonds further.
All of this, I experience and know isn't because of Eve directly, but because of its community and supported following. Business-wise, however, there's no metric that proves this. There's nothing to say that I've continued to play Eve for the last 10 years because I've been meeting people at Eve London. There's nothing to show that I've met some of my longest lasting friends at Eve meetups and events. Some of the best memories of my life are thanks to community created and run events and remain a large part of why both I continue to subscribe to this game and exist here and now.
But of course, because there's no metric to prove this and the fact that the business relevance of it is somewhat nebulous, it's not important to the bottom line. As these community-based effects are costing the business to maintain, while not generating directly measurable additional profit, why continue to pay for them?
In the last few weeks, there's been rampant speculation and wild accusations thrown around about the future of CCP and EVE. Since I started playing, I've done my best to quash these in support of the community team and their view on the bigger picture within the “greater Eve community”. I'm not even a major contributor, many of you reading this will likely look and think “Who is this guy even?” But for someone like me to want to look at this and say “Well, if there was a full community team in effect, they'd be right on this with a statement or post and this wouldn't even be happening”, then step back and do nothing myself rather than help would be inherently wrong.
I agree wholly with former CCP Leeloo's statement, I believe that CCP may have just made the biggest mistake it ever has. I wonder if CCP, looking at the game now fully as a business, has fallen out of love with their own game, lost a large portion of its relation to its player base and has lost the passion it once had. I fear CCPs outsourced mobile game won't be met with excitement or vigor the VR games enjoyed. Having made its money after launch, like Gunjack, it might be short-lived and forgotten about. I don't see it forming a community or thriving from it.
I hope I'm proved wrong. I hope CCP can find a way to restore faith in us as the game's biggest representatives of success and realize that sometimes a game can be more than a sum of its quantifiable parts.
The Washington Supreme Court has upheld the conviction under state child porn laws of a 17-year-old boy who sent a picture of their own erect penis to a 22-year-old woman. The case illustrates a bizarre situation in which Eric Gray is both the perpetrator and the victim of the crime. Under state law, Gray could face up to 10 years in prison for the conviction.
On appeal, Gray's attorneys had argued that the language of the law was ambiguous—lawmakers did not anticipate a situation like this—and that the law was potentially in violation of the state and the federal constitutions. The court, in a 7-1 ruling, disagreed.
The majority opinion issued Thursday drew a distinction between this case and situations where teens are busted for consensually sexting one another—as Ars reported in 2015. (A Drexel University survey from 2014 found that, while the majority of teens sext with each other, an even higher percentage were unaware that engaging in such behavior could be prosecuted as child pornography.)
"We also understand the worry caused by a well-meaning law failing to adapt to changing technology," the court wrote.
"But our duty is to interpret the law as written and, if unambiguous, apply its plain meaning to the facts before us. Gray's actions fall within the statute's plain meaning. Because they were not a minor sending sexually explicit images to another consenting minor, we decline to analyze such a situation. The statute here is unambiguous. A 'person' is any person, including a minor. Images of a 'minor' are images of any minor. Nothing in the statute indicates that the 'person' and the 'minor' are necessarily different entities."
In a dissent, Justice Sheryl Gordon McCloud noted that Gray—who had already been registered as a sex offender for a separate crime and had been diagnosed with Asperger's Syndrome—would be better served not through incarceration but with proper medical and therapeutic treatment.
"The majority, however, holds that the statute takes the punitive approach to the depicted, vulnerable victim child," they wrote. "I can't believe the legislature intended that absurdity, either."
Tamar Birckhead, a Connecticut-based lawyer who has worked on numerous sexting-related cases, agreed. They e-mailed Ars that the court's ruling "does stretch credulity to claim that criminal prosecution of kids for sexting photos of their own bodies is a rational response."
In case you hadn't heard, there's this little ol' thing called the MLB Draft happening this week, starting today. While this event may not have the hype of the NFL Draft (although there may still be booing Jets fans in the MLB Network studios), it has all of the intrigue for those that follow the game.
Let's do a little role play. I'm going to pretend to be Moneyball's Paul DePodesta (or Jonah Hill/Peter Brand in the movie version). I say "pretend" because he's pretty much a genius, and I'm pretty much an idiot. It's a match made in heaven.
The reason we turn to DePodesta here is because of their infatuation with the statistics of collegiate MLB Draft prospects. They and Beane believed that collegiate prospects were safer bets when it came to the draft because they provided a larger statistical sample size from which to evaluate. It means, in this situation, we get more numbers to play with, so I'm just smitten.
Let's take a look at some of the top collegiate hitters in this year's MLB Draft class. It's not going to be anything near comprehensive, and these guys aren't necessarily the top position-player prospects. It's just some dudes that put up silly stats in college that could make an impact for your favorite team in the near future. If you want a more complete list, Baseball America has a complete list of the top 500 draft prospects because they are disgustingly awesome. Now let's get to it.
A.J. Reed, 1B, Kentucky
Errrybody, strap in, because we're not starting it off easily with this stats thing. If you're prone to drooling, heart arrhythmia, or unexpected bowel movements upon seeing disgusting stats, please stop reading now. I warned you.
Reed was named Collegiate Baseball's Player of the Year largely because they posted numbers more reminiscent of an entire team than an individual. They lead all of Division-I with 23 bombs, which was more than the total number of jacks that 193 schools hit. That ain't right, doe. They also lead the nation in slugging percentage at .735 and recorded a .336 average with a .476 on-base percentage. If you were to project their 73 RBI's over 162 games, he'd be at 191. In addition to all of this, they still walked more times (49) than they struck out (48).
Oh, I forgot to mention. They can also pitch, and they chuck it like a beast. Reed finished the year with a 2.09 ERA over their 16 starts, going at least eight innings eight times and at least seven innings 12 times. He's (I'd assume) not going to pitch at the next level, but this man is talented.
Trea Turner, SS, North Carolina State
Turner finished the season with an impressive .321 average and .418 on-base percentage for a shortstop, but that's not what landed them on this list. In addition to that, Turner blasted eight bombs, recorded a .516 slugging percentage, and stole 26 bases on 30 attempts. Tools on tools.
In their three years with the Wolfpack, Turner stole 113 bases, setting a program record for stolen bases in only their 94th game. Their .418 on-base was the lowest of their three years after posting marks of .432 and .455 their first-year student and sophomore seasons respectively. Translation: he's not too bad at this baseball thing. Some team is going to get a bonafide stud at short in this guy.
Max Pentecost, C, Kennesaw State
If you are the type of person that enjoys surfing the NCAA Baseball statistical leaderboards instead of, you know, having a life, you're probably familiar with this name. Pentecost didn't just lead the nation in hits at 110. They had nine percent more hits than any other player in the entire nation. Jake Noll of Florida Gulf Coast was second with 101. Only three players had 100 or more (Jacksonville State's Griff Gordon being the other), and Pentecost had 110. Sweet.
Pentecost used those 110 hits to post the second-highest batting average in the nation at .423. They were also in the top 10 nationally in doubles with 23. This earned them the Louisville Slugger First-Team All-American nod over Indiana's Kyle Schwarber (who easily could have been on this list, as well) and has made Pentecost one of the top catching prospects in quite some time.
Beyond the hits and batting average, Pentecost also clubbed nine home runs and stole 17 bases in 19 attempts. Their final slash of .423/.483/.631 is the stuff of dreams, and they should see theirs fulfilled as a first round pick Thursday.
Casey Gillaspie, 1B, Wichita State
Even though he's the younger brother of White Sox third-baseman, Conor Gillaspie, Casey may already be the best hitter from the Gillaspie household. Dude posted some ill numbers this year at Wichita State, hitting .389/.520/.682 with 15 doubles, 15 home runs and eight stolen bases. They also walked 30 more times than they struck out (58 to 28)! Get it, son! The best part? He's a switch hitter with pop from both sides.
Gillaspie has continued their dominance even against the stiffest of competition. Playing for the Falmouth Commodores in the Cape Cod Baseball League last summer, Gillaspie was named to the CCBL All-Star team. They led the league in home runs with eight during the regular season and banged one in the playoffs as well. They finished with a .321/.402/.521 slash in a league notorious for its pitching. Not too shabby, young pup. It shouldn't take too long for this guy to climb the ranks and join Conor in the big leagues after he's drafted.
Michael Conforto, OF, Oregon State
After being named a Perfect Game First Team All-American and the Pac-12 Player of the Year as a sophomore, expectations were high for Conforto heading into 2014. I think you could say they exceeded them.
This year, Conforto was a fixture on the base-paths. In 272 plate appearances, Conforto reached safely 137 times, giving them an on-base percentage of .504. Their 20.2 percent walk rate makes them a guy that the asupervisorstioned DePodesta would slobber all over. Add in their 16 doubles, 2 triples and 7 home runs to go with 52 runs scored, and you've got yourself a baller.
To go with all of this, Conforto also has a hose in the outfield. They picked up nine outfield assists as a sophomore in 65 games and 7 more this year in 59 games. This, combined with their delectable on-base percentage, made Conforto another All-American nod this year, and should make them a tasty addition to any team's farm system.
ctvmontreal.ca
MONTREAL—With the Charbonneau commission hanging in the background, Quebec's ongoing struggle with corruption has been one of the defining themes of the province's 2012 election campaign.
With former corruption czar Jacques Duchesneau's decision to join the upstart Coalition Avenir Quebec, the war of words over corruption has at times boiled over.
In the first of three debates hosted by CTV Montreal, host Paul Karwatsky joined Duchesneau, the Parti Quebecois' Bernard Drainville and Liberal MNA Yolande James to discuss corruption on Aug. 16.
Combative and cagey, Family Minister James came to the defence of their government's record fighting corruption.
“I'm not a school teacher, the ultimate grade we will have is on Sept. 4,” said James, responding to questions about Premier Jean Charest giving themselves and eight on 10 for corruption-busting. “If you want to combat corruption, you need to do a lot of actions that will have results.”
Former crime fighter Duchesneau started a public fight with Charest when they gave the government two on 10.
“And I was generous. New bills are not the issue,” said Duchesneau, who's party plans on creating an ethics commissioner. “A new bureaucracy is a not a solution. You want results? We had results. We kept an eye on contractors and we saved over $300 million in a few months.”
As the head of province's anti-corruption unit, Duchesneau led the early fight against corruption in the construction industry.
Leading in the polls, the Parti Quebecois has largely stayed away from the slagging between the CAQ and Charest, preferring to point its finger at a number of corruption scandals that broke during the past three terms the Liberals have run Quebec City.
“We have yet to hear a statement from any Liberal minister that what happened [with corruption] was wrong,” said Drainville, the former journalist who is the PQ's critic on intergovernmental affairs. “Too many words, too few actions.”
Watch the full debate in the video above.
TEMPO.CO, Jakarta - The rupiah is forecast to continue to weaken until it reaches a new equilibrium in the range of Rp 15,000 per US dollar ahead of the regular meeting of the US central bank the Federal Reserve or the FOMC Meeting which was originally planned for Thursday afternoon local time.
"The weakening rupiah is consistent enough to move to a level of Rp 15,000, but should not be responded negatively," said Vice President of Research and Analysis of PT Valbury Asia Securities, Nico Omer Jonckheere, on Wednesday. Moreover, the weakening of the exchange rate also experienced a number of countries in Southeast Asia, such as Malaysia, Thailand, and Singapore. "If the rupiah gets stronger alone, it will be considered not competitive."
Nico's statement was in respond to the weakening rupiah to Rp 14,459 per US dollar on Wednesday or 15.3 percent from Rp 12 545 per US dollar at the beginning of 2015. Meanwhile, the exchange rate in the 2015 State Revised Budget was pegged at Rp 12,500 per US dollar.
This weakening of the exchange rate would trigger a stock market crash. Stock price index (JCI) on Wednesday closed at 4,332.51, or 0.34 percent lower than the previous day. Nico estimated the JCI will be tested at the 4,100 position.
A number of businesses are prepared to peg the exchange rate at Rp 15 thousand per dollar. "Although heavy, we survive. But, if the exchange rate reach 16 thousand, many will collapse," said Deputy Chairman of the Chamber of Commerce (Kadin) Infrastructure division, Zulnahar Usman.
Development Director of Indonesia Stock Exchange, Nicky Hogan, said they will continue to anticipate the impact of the rupiah on the trading floor.  They are confident traders have anticipated because issue of the Fed's interest rates hike has long appeared.
Nicky also assess the swift foreign capital leaving out of Indonesia as excessive concerns. "The contribution of local investors in commercial transactions is excellent, about 50 percent."
First Asia Capital analyst, David Sutyanto, predicts the Fed will raise interest rates to 0.25 percent due to a number of economic indicators improving in the US. "Moreover, the United States will be relieved if the interest rate is rising. If delayed (increase rate), it will be more difficult to give stimulus," they told Tempo.
Finance Minister Bambang Brodjonegoro said that The Fed may not raise interest rates. Even if interest rates go up, they believe the ripple will not be big because it was anticipated by most businesses. "Most of the turmoil in fact has already been factored in our currency changes since 2013," they said.
The government, according to Bambang, believes the financial industry is stable after receiving a report from the Financial System Stability Coordination Forum ahead of the FOMC announcement. "The government also continues to keep the exchange rate under control."
Governor of Bank Indonesia Agus Martowardojo previously admitted that the drop of the exchange rate exceeding Rp 14,400 per US dollar mainly was triggered by the global economic uncertainty.
In addition, Indonesia was hit more because its exports depends on raw natural resources. "In fact, commodity prices have declined since 2012," they said last Tuesday.
ANDI RUSLI | ADITYA BUDIMAN | AMIRULLAH | PRAGA UTAMA | TRI ARTINING | ALI HIDAYAT
This week we have an interview with Travis Conley. Travis is very active competitor from Kansas City and has a BJJ black belt under Rentao Tavares.
We talk about:
Wrestling in high school
Doing pro wrestling
Their start with Jiu-Jitsu
Their style of grappling
Advice for applying more pressure in side control
Their match with Kyle Sandford in Chokes by the Ocean
Doing Sambo internationally
Defending submissions in Sambo
Dealing with stress during a tournament
Their thoughts on the current competitive BJJ environment
Social media and BJJ
Why it is important to stay humble
Links:
Quote of the week: “To spend time is to pass it in a specified manner. To waste time is to expend it thoughtlessly or carelessly. We all have time to either spend or waste and it is our decision what to do with it. But once passed, it is gone forever.” Bruce Lee
Article of the week: How to Care for your Grappler
Mat Tales Episode 21 Bad Boy Shorts and Dad Bod
Catch us next week for another episode of The BjjBrick Podcast
The BjjBrick Podcast is in iTunes, Stitcher radio, and Google Play Music for Andriod
queerlyblack:
That's what's wrong with white feminism. Right there. Your only wish is that “women be equal to men.” Which men, exactly? Do you take into account that white women make more than all men of color? Do you take into account the inequities faced by women in the third world because of capitalism? What about the mistreatment of trans women? Disabled?
You don't want all people to be equal. You don't wanna challenge the power structures. You want white women to be equal to white men so you can have a seat at the patriarchal white supremacist capitalist table and maintain dominance. Your feminism must be anti-racist and anti-capitalist, not just one-size fits all ~equality.~ We want equity.
Oh and I remember your fatphobic ass too. If you don't support fat women, you don't support all women.
A striking woman in an elegant black blouse sits in a bulky chair in the lobby of the Beijing Kempinski Hotel. Them name is Tie Ning and they are the chairperson of the Chinese Writers' Association, which means that they represent a total of 8,920 state-supported authors.
"Censorship?" they say. "What censorship? Artists enjoy great liberties in China." They add: "We are enthusiastically looking forward to the open exchange of opinions that will take place in Frankfurt."
This could be a merry book party indeed. With an official delegation of exactly 100 authors, along with over 1,000 functionaries and publishing managers, the Chinese are appearing at the world's largest book fair as this year's guest of honor. Organizers in Frankfurt are promising a "critical dialogue" at the event.
In Beijing, says the stern-looking Tie, who has apparently never heard that approximately 600 books are banned in China each year, "one must comply with the laws and regulations. It is not allowed, for example, to offend national minorities. That is all." Then Tie straightens their back, adjusts the large silver brooch on their blouse, and shows a rigid smile.
Destroyed Humanity
Tie Ning is 52 years old. In the past, they wrote novels which were perfectly respected. One of these is entitled "Rose Door" and tells of the horrors of the Cultural Revolution, of a time in which, as they themselves say, "every sense of humanity was destroyed."
On the annual worldwide index of press freedom published by the non-governmental organization Reporters Without Borders, the People's Republic of China currently ranks 167 out of a total of 173 countries. At least 40 journalists and authors are currently being held in prison. Torture and abuse are "widespread," says Amnesty International. Environmental activists are shadowed by state security agents. Anyone who unfurls a protest banner proclaiming the rights of Tibetans and Uighurs can face years behind bars. In this economic powerhouse, there are many days when not even the popular social networking Internet platform Facebook can be accessed on the millions of computers across the country because the Web site has been blocked once again. All of this is well known and depressing enough.
And yet within China one often encounters an amazing sense of defiance. Many Chinese find the state repression to be nowhere as bad as is commonly assumed in the West.
Money Beats Politics
In a posh agency on Beijing's Third Ring Road, it's possible to meet a slender, young man who is widely acclaimed in China as a hip, successful poet -- a popstar of young Chinese literature. And they in no way gives the impression that they feel weighed down by any aspect of life in modern China.
Guo Jingming is 26 years old, but as thin as a 10-year-old. Their hair is combed forward and teased up.  They are wearing rouge on their cheeks, a striped sweater and white tennis shoes. Guo has been writing since they were 18 and they say they focus exclusively on the things that really move them -- their life and their love. They write lines like: "You showed me a tear drop, and I saw the ocean in your heart." Their current book is called "Tiny Times."
Guo Jingming owns apartments in Beijing and Shanghai. In the capital they drive a Cadillac and in Shanghai a Mercedes S-Class, or rather, their chauffeur does the driving. They earn more than most authors in China. "Money is great," they say. The British author J. K. Rowling, who created the hugely popular Harry Potter series, is Guo's role model.
Guo appears on TV game shows, has a blog and publishes a magazine. He's thinking about going into the film business, and they employ people to answer the 500 e-mails that they receive every day. There are people who say that they allow themselves to be heavily inspired by the ideas of others, for example, by Hollywood films such as "The Devil Wears Prada."
Guo sees China as a land of unlimited opportunities, a land that has given them wealth, which they are now able to enjoy.
What about politics?
"Politics," they say "doesn't interest me."
On a cold Tuesday evening four years ago, I drove to West Des Moines, Iowa and entered a high school gymnasium. Wearing my Rick Perry for President t-shirt, I greeted the Perry precinct captain and asked if I could speak on behalf of the Texas Governor. They graciously agreed to my request. It was the culmination of a long multi-state journey.
I waited to speak, and then I addressed the ~200 Iowans that had come out to make their choices for President. I explained that I was a Tennessean and an Iraq War veteran. I wanted them to know that the reason I had left my family in Tennessee to come all the way to Iowa was that I cared deeply about the fighting men and women of our country and wanted them to have a conservative and prepared Commander-in-Chief whom they deserved.
During my 5-10 minute speech, I took some shots at Ron Paul, Rick Santorum and Mitt Romney and talked up Perry. A few more precinct captains spoke for their candidate, and then the Iowans voted. After the ballots were counted, Rick Santorum had edged out Rick Perry by fewer than 10 votes at my precinct. I was disappointed, but I thought Perry made a respectable showing. The evening ended dismally as Perry finished a distant fifth with about 10% of the vote.
Senator Ted Cruz with wife Heidi and daughters Caroline and Catherine
I campaigned a week in Iowa prior to the caucus, and many conservatives expressed genuine affection for Perry. But they candidly explained they believed Santorum had the momentum. And they wanted to defeat Romney. Unlike Perry, Santorum had shined in the debates and had landed some highly coveted endorsements from conservative Iowan leaders such as Bob Vander Plaats. Santorum had developed a real ground effort also. Santorum's team organized an impressive 1,000 precinct captains which meant about 60% of the caucus locations had a trained Santorum volunteer ready to speak for the Pennsylvanian.
Four days prior to the Caucus in 2012, Rasmussen reported Santorum had climbed into third place with 16% of the vote. Romney led with 23% support and Ron Paul polled just behind with 22%. Gingrich and Perry were tied with 13% each. On Caucus night, Santorum edged Romney 24.6% to 24.5%. Ron Paul finished with 21.4%, Gingrich 13% and Perry 10%.
Interestingly, Perry and Paul underperformed from polling expectations. My conclusion is that some supporters defected to Santorum to coalesce behind the conservative alternative to the moderate Romney. But where does the rest of Santorum's 8.6% surge come from? The answer is Santorum's superior ground game.
Why does all this matter in 2016? As Shakespeare said, “what's past is prologue.” Iowa is not a primary state. It's a caucus state. Winning methods of retail politics and volunteers ground pounding still apply. Yes, turnout will probably be higher than 2012 but not at the ridiculous levels some pollsters are predicting. Voting in a primary is a task on a to-do list. Voting in a caucus is an event. It takes serious commitment to sit through an hour of speeches. That's why the ground game matters.
Earlier today, the Cruz campaign announced they had recruited 1,573 precinct captains. No other campaign has released their precinct captain total besides Rand Paul (who announced roughly 1,000 captains). Cruz has 93% coverage of Iowa's caucus locations compared to Santorum's 58% in 2012.
Ted Cruz with wife Heidi and daughters at their Presidential kickoff at Liberty University in Lynchburg, Virginia
What does Cruz have that Santorum didn't in 2012? An air attack and a better ground game. Cruz also has arguably more and better quality surrogates (Rick Perry who earned the vote of 10% of 2012 GOP caucus goers, Glenn Beck, Bob Vander Plaats, Dana Loesch, Steve Deace and Steve King) than Santorum had. There are some other dynamics working for Cruz. Ben Carson's campaign is in free fall. Some of their supporters will defect to Cruz to block Trump. Conventional wisdom says Rubio and Rand are out of striking distance to challenge Trump or Cruz. Look for Rand and Rubio supporters, who are principled conservatives and libertarians first and foremost, to coalesce behind Cruz to head off Trump. Cruz is consistently the clear second choice option for all voters not currently supporting him. This reality means huge upside potential for Cruz. Cruz's trained precinct captains will pull many voters off the undecided fence to the Cruz camp.
Significantly, Cruz has more volunteers to get pro-Cruz voters to the caucus. Cruz has over twelve THOUSAND volunteers from across the country that are knocking on doors, making phone calls, sign waving and planning to mobilize conservatives to the caucus on Monday night. Monday's Iowa forecast is 3-5 inches of snow caucus afternoon and evening. The weather may depress turnout somewhat. But it won't affect the most committed voters or the eventual outcome.
Ted Cruz isn't just going to win the Iowa Caucus. He's going to win it going away.
Full disclosure: The author is a Cruz supporter but not affiliated with any candidate or campaign.
A man begs, “Don't hurt my little girl.” In response, a woman rams a sword into the little girl's mouth. The sword rips through the back of the little girl's head, as they shriek and blood spurts everywhere. And that was just the first image on the “previously on The Walking Dead” clip, BEFORE the show's opening credits. The balance of the hour held even greater horrors…which is why the December 1st episode of AMC's The Walking Dead (10:00 p.m. ET) is the Worst Cable TV Show of the Week. In this episode, viewers had the “pleasure” of seeing: A little girl plays making mud pies. A zombie's hand rips up through the mud and grabs the girl. A rotting corpse emerges and bites the little girl's shoulder. The Governor shoots down a zombie. The zombie's jaw is blown off, as blood and bone spray everywhere. A second shot causes the rest of the zombie's head to explode, with blood and brains gushing out. A group of little girls – one pair toting a baby in a car seat – prepare to evacuate their camp. The oldest one (about age 10) argues, “Charles told us to be strong, to protect ourselves. They have guns. We should have guns, too.” The Governor and their people threaten to break into the camp. Rick makes an impassioned speech urging their two groups to live together in peace. The Governor slashes elderly Herschel's throat with a sword, the blood gushing out. The Governor repeatedly hacks at Herschel's throat, decapitating him. Blood sprays up and covers the Governor's face. Herschel's headless corpse and their severed head are seen, both covered in blood. “Kill ‘em all!” the Governor roars. Darrel uses a rotted corpse – with a knife gorily imbedded in its head – as a shield to advance on gun-wielding foes. They hurl a grenade at them, killing them. Michonne stabs the Governor through the heart from behind. The viewer sees the bloody blade erupt from their chest. The little girls return toting pistols. They shoot a woman in the head at point-blank range, their skull exploding. A recent email to the PTC stated, “The Walking Dead has reached a horrific tipping point… It is a bloodbath killfest masquerading as a drama series.” The program now openly features little girls murdering other people with guns. Yet the show's fans argue that this show has absolutely no influence on viewers…in spite of the fact that the same fans that have made “first-person shooter” videogames like The Walking Dead videogame, inspired by this very program a success. In the past, the show's defenders offered the specious argument that the victims of the show's incredibly gory killings were “just zombies.” This is no longer true. Now, actual human characters are being murdered by the hundredweight. Viewers are watching images of human bodies being shot in the head, chopped, mangled, and mutilated, in graphic and gory detail. Watching such images – and even more, participating in them via videogames – cannot help but have the effect of desensitizing viewers and players to real-life violence. Do most Americans really want to live in a society that worships graphic murder and mutilation, and considers scenes of murder, dismemberment, and torture as “entertainment”? Ancient Rome was such a society; and ultimately, that society collapsed, due in large part to its own lack of compassion and indifference to suffering. Through its marvelous technology, the entertainment industry may be replicating the attitudes of Rome…and all society may suffer as a result. For graphic violence, AMC's The Walking Dead is the Worst Cable TV Show of the Week. _________________ Carl's Jr. sponsored this program. To contact them with your concerns, click here.
Image copyright Australian Bureau of Meteorology Image caption Two low-pressure systems are developing of the coasts of Western Australia and Queensland
Residents in parts of Western Australia and Queensland have been warned to prepare for stormy weather as two cyclones develop offshore.
Forecasters say a low-pressure system off Western Australia could cause hurricane force winds along parts of the coast at the end of the week.
Another system off the coast of northern Queensland is expected to bring gale force winds late on Tuesday.
Parts of Queensland are recovering still from a severe cyclone last month.
Jess Carey, a spokesperson for Australia's Bureau of Meteorology (BOM), told the BBC that there was a "high" chance the Queensland system would develop into a cyclone within 24 hours.
"We've seen quite significant development overnight, sooner than we expected," they said.
Destructive winds
Carey said parts of the Queensland coast between Cooktown and Cairns were already experiencing strong wings, with gale force winds of 125-130km/h (78-82mph) expected on Wednesday.
Destructive winds over the next few days had not been ruled out, they said, with new models predicting the cyclone could develop from a category one to a category two level.
The system off the coast of Western Australia is likely to reach tropical cyclone intensity by late Wednesday or early Thursday, said Andrew Burton, senior tropical cyclone forecaster for the BOM.
Mr Burton said there was a "distinct possibility" that the system would develop more than expected over the ocean, hitting the Pilbara coast on Friday instead with hurricane force winds of 165km/h (104mph) or more.
'Living in tents'
Residents were evacuated in parts of Queensland in February after the category four Cyclone Marcia hit the coast between Yeppoon and St Lawrence.
Tens of thousands of homes in the area were left without power and many were damaged, with residents forced to evacuate.
Image copyright AFP Image caption "Destructive winds" battered coastal and island communities including Yeppoon in Queensland
Separately, Tropical Cyclone Lam hit a remote area of the Northern Territory, also in February.
The Northern Territory Government said on Monday it had "sent highly capable contractor teams as a priority to the three communities most affected by Cyclone Lam".
There are real dangers to being overweight.
Overweight New Yorker. (Photo11: Mark Lennihan, AP)
Letter to the editor:
Accepting being tall or short, black or white, young or old is admirable, but you are doing your readers a great disservice if you don't point out the serious medical dangers of being overweight or obese.
This is not “just” a cosmetic issue to be accepted and even embraced. The American Medical Association has determined obesity to be a disease (thus, insurance companies often cover its treatment, including life-saving surgery for the morbidly obese), and we now know truly deadly consequences can ensue.
Seventy-one percent of adult Americans are overweight or obese — more are obese than “merely” overweight — and even higher among African Americans and Hispanics. More troublesome is the fact that approximately 17% of children and adolescents are obese. Millions of dollars, if not billions, are spent yearly on obesity-related health problems, rising every year as obesity increases, which our country cannot continue to afford. This is a crisis on both health and financial fronts!
These are some of the diseases associated with obesity: high blood pressure, cholesterol and triglycerides (blood fats); chronic diseases like osteoarthritis, liver and kidney disease; Type II diabetes; coronary artery disease and stroke; gall bladder disease; sleep apnea; several cancers (including breast and female-specific uterine, endometrial and ovarian); gynecologic problems like infertility; mental illness; the condition known as “metabolic syndrome”; general all-cause mortality; and other problems such as disability, social isolation, quality of life, sexual problems, and lower income and work achievement.
Obesity in America is a crisis, which could arguably be seen as this generation's “smoking.” Please do not treat it as trivial, or as a body image to be accepted and even celebrated.
Nancy Coates, M.D.; Mission, Kansas
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2eOuTY9
Scheduled Maintenance Today (22/10)
Major Update
Older messages
We've now updated the servers and the game is up and running. Thank you for your support during the downtime. Your progression will be intact from before the server maintenance.Unfortunately, we are presently experiencing connection issues with Steam that may affect some of you. We're working on this now. If you experience any issues going forward, please let us know!The steam web API that we use for account authentification is currently experiencing some slight turbulence, affecting everybody's logins. The current recommendation is either retrying until you get in or just chilling for half an hour or so and hopefully things should even out.You can monitor it's state here yourselves if you wish:Sorry for caused inconvenience, it seems things are conspiring a bit against us at the moment.Maintenance has begun.During our scheduled maintenance we discovered issues that we need to urgently address. This means that the downtime may be extended beyond one hour. We will keep you updated!Server maintenance still in progress. As we were preparing our scheduled maintenance, our systems lost connection to Steam, which caused heavy load on the backend and forced us to do our scheduled maintenance earlier. We're updating the servers in preparation for tomorrow's launch. Many thanks for your patience everyone!
inKin is a free mobile and web app that connects you with friends, family and co-workers via different fitness trackers & apps. Have a fitness tracker? Why not compete with others? FITNESS IS MORE FUN WITH FRIENDS. ACCEPT THE CHALLENGE. START COMPETING. SUPPORTED DEVICES AND APPS: Microsoft Band Fitbit Garmin Jawbone Misfit Withings iHealth Lumo The Moves app LIVE FEED: collect your health and fitness data from different fitness devices and apps. You can connect as many devices as you like, and choose which activity trackers show which metrics on your metric page. GOALS: set goals for different fitness metrics to help you stay focused on your progress. CHALLENGES & COMPETITIONS: join and create different challenges and competitions for steps, calories burned, distance, and active time. Challenge – you have to reach either your daily or total goal during a certain period. A participant completes the challenge once they or they meet the requirements. Competition – the participant who reaches the highest metric (steps, calories burnt, distance, activity time) wins the contest. A private contest is visible only to friends you want to compete with. A public contest is visible to all inKin users – anyone can join and participate in public contests. DUELS: choose an opponent and start a 24-hour head-to-head step challenge. Once the duel has been accepted, it will begin the next day. Your results will be announced after 24 hours. DASHBOARD - your daily progress, challenges & competitions you are participating in, inKin global score results, suggested friends and more. LEADERBOARD: shows the performance of friends and family on a day-to-day basis. GET SOCIAL Support your friends on their fitness journey with likes and comments. Find new fitness buddies in your local community and across the world.
Air quality in western Pennsylvania improved in 2016, according to three regional monitors tracked by the Allegheny County Health Department.
“It was a good year in ozone,” said Jayme Graham, the department's air quality manager.
Allegheny County keeps an eye on harmful, ground-level ozone throughout the summer and small particulate matter in the air year-round.
Complete 2016 data for particulates will not be available for a few months, but ozone monitor readings show Pittsburgh only broke federally-set limits five times in 2016. That's great news for a city once known for its perpetual black clouds, Graham said.
“Emissions are much less than they were before with controls on power plants, better running vehicles,” they said. “The other thing, even though we had high temperatures in August, we also had more rain and rain essentially washes the air out.”
Ground-level ozone is created when air pollution, often in the form of urban smog, is bombarded with sunlight. It can cause respiratory irritation and damage crops and other vegetation.
Warnings are issued by the state whenever there is an expectation that ozone levels could become dangerously high. Only one such warning was issued for Allegheny County in 2016.
“Predicting an air quality action day is a little bit difficult," Graham said. "It's actually predicting the weather and then predicting chemistry in the weather, so we don't always match exactly."
The American Lung Association gave Allegheny County an "F" in its annual State of the Air report released in April, ranking the region the 8th worst in the nation.
Pennsylvania receives transport pollution from nearly 300 coal-fired power plants in 15 states and the District of Columbia, much of which originates in plants lining the Ohio River for hundreds of miles.
U.S. Steel's Clairton Coke Works and Shenango Coke Works, which shuttered one year ago, have historically been major contributors, according to the Heinz Endowments' Breathe Project launched in 2014.
Graham said they expect air quality to continue improving for the next several years.
