Marybeth Brush
KKTV
March 24, 2010
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{openx:49}
Making our community safer; that's the goal of a new partnership starting today with a local business and Colorado Springs police. The drivers of Yellow Cabs will now be an extra set of roving eyes and ears to help police catch criminals.
One of those drivers is Andy Michopoulos. A Yellow Cab has been their office for three years. But now they will be doing double duty in an effort to help keep our city safe. “As a driver who's out at all times of night and all over the city, you see things going on and to have a direct way of reporting that to the police is definitely a plus,” says Michopoulos.
“Just like our squad cars they have 2-way radios, they have cell phones and they have mobile data terminals,” says Colorado Springs Police Chief Richard Myers. They feel this is a win-win situation for our community. “So by just increasing their awareness a little bit on how to watch the unusual, how to identify things that could be criminal activity in progress, it's just a short stretch to get them to take the extra time to pick up the mic and call dispatch,” says Chief Myers.
Read entire article
The number of UK homes watching TV on black and white sets has dropped below 12,000, according to new stats by the TV licensing body.
TV Licensing said that the figure marked a 12% year-on-year drop, with demand for black and white licenses “in steady decline.”
At the turn of the century, 212,000 black and white licences were issued. This shrank to 93,000 in 2003, was less than 50,00 in 2006 and now stands at 11,550, according to TV Licensing.
“Today's figures show, even in the digital age, more than 11,000 homes still watch their favourite programmes on black and white televisions. We may be on the brink of losing black and white sets to the history books, but older technology will always be replaced by exciting new ways of watching live,” said TV Licensing spokesperson Stephen Farmer.
In the UK a colour TV Licence currently costs £145.50 (€175), while a black and white licence is priced at £49.00. Viewing television without a licence in the UK risks prosecution and a fine of up to £1,000.
(Milton, DE) – On Wednesday, Dogfish Head released a new video in which Co-Founder, Sam Calagione, talks with Sierra Nevada Brewing's Brian Grossman, co-manager of the upcoming Mills River facility.
They discuss a little history between the two breweries, especially around their previous Life and Limb collaborations, though the majority of the video focuses on Rhizing Bines, the new collaboration beer that just started shipping to Dogfish Head's wholesaler network. It is also available in the Dogfish Head tasting room and Rehoboth Beach brewpub as of Wednesday.
If you don't have time to watch the video, check out the Rhizing Bines press release which contains a lot of the same information.
On Tuesday, Dogfish Head also unveiled its new glassware project with Sierra Nevada and Spiegalau that it claims sets the new standard for vessels out of which to drink IPAs.
Last but not least, Grossman says in the video above that Torpedo, introduced only a few years ago, is now the #1 selling IPA in America (still #2 to Sierra Nevada Pale Ale though). Update: guess this is old news (we posted news to this effect last year).
CHICAGO — How would you react if a bikini- or thong-clad model was striking a pose in the seat next to you on a CTA train?
A River West resident and comedian, who goes by the name Jonathan Fin, wants to know.
The former advertising copywriter has been filming videos on train cars and platforms of models wearing colored bikinis that correspond with each "L" line for roughly two years — a practice the CTA now says it plans to investigate.
Reactions range from "guys pulling out their phones and taking pictures to women saying 'That's disgusting' or 'I don't need to see that,' " said Fin, who runs a Facebook page they dubbed "CT&A."
Mina Bloom says Fin is most intrigued by the reactions:
"Some people don't care. They're reading and this half-naked girl is in their face and they're on the phone like it's another day. To me, that's the most interesting part."
In the photos and YouTube videos posted to their Facebook page — which feature a logo that looks virtually identical to the CTA's official logo — the half-naked models either strike poses or strut down crowded train platforms or tunnels. Some commuters comment on the models' looks or walk away immediately. Others appear confused.
Other videos are shot at empty platforms, or when only the homeless or CTA workers are around, including one dubbed, "Stripper in the Subway."
So far, Fin, who grew up in south suburban Calumet City, has filmed at least eight models treating the train as their catwalk, and they hope to launch a contest soon so people can vote on their favorite model, they said. Unbeknownst to Fin, one of their clips has even made its way into a promotional video for GoPro cameras.
Since launching the project, Fin said he's gotten their fair share of "haters." They said their mother and sister do not condone their work.
"Half of the people are like this is genius and half are like he's a d-----bag and they should be put in jail," Fin said.
But Fin, 39, has a message for people, particularly women, who find their work offensive.
"It's all because women want to look like that model or they want to be at least as confident as they are to be able to let it go and do a photo shoot in their lingerie," Fin said. "People are jealous that they aren't confident enough and attractive enough. It's a shame."
Still, they acknowledge that the project is "risky." One time, a large group of teenagers threw a bottle that "barely missed" a model's head, they said. And there have been times when a model has felt unsafe or the crowd has grown too large and people start getting "grabby," they added. They said he's interested in making similar videos with male models.
Of course, partial nudity on the CTA isn't new. Take the annual no pants subway ride, for example.
And anyone is allowed to use a hand-held camera, which Fin said they use, to take photos or video within public areas of CTA stations and train cars, according to the CTA's website. Large cameras that require lighting, tripods or cables, however, are prohibited, the website said.
In one of their videos, a CTA security guard approaches them as they are filming and asks, "Do you have your permits to have your camera today?"
A CTA spokesperson said Monday, "We object to the use of CTA property to film without authorization and will investigate this matter."
Fin, who likens themselves to Playboy founder Hugh Hefner because they said they "empowers women," quit their full-time job six months ago after having worked in advertising for 10 years. That's when they started to devote the majority of their time to comedic videos, among other projects, they said.  They are in the process of launching a website, sexysubwaygirls.com.
Many of their videos are undeniably "edgy," they said.
For example, in their video series, "Tips or T---?," models answer the door when a delivery man arrives and they offer either a cash tip or to flash their breasts. Fin charges $5 per episode and $50 for an all-access package, which includes every uncensored episode.
"This whole thing was a social experience, a prank that I had. Then I was like, 'Holy s---, the reactions are so good," said Fin, who said the delivery drivers weren't aware of the stunt in advance. "I knew this had legs."
Fin has sold around two episodes per week over the course of two years, they said. If they don't make a profit soon, they said, they might be forced to move back in with their mother, who now lives in Indianapolis.
Fin's other projects, of which there are many, draw inspiration from the CTA. They got a license to play music on the street and on the CTA platform, which inspired them to launch a website called "CTA Stars" to help expose street performers. They also made a comic called "Elevated Chicago" based on interactions on the train.
Their ultimate goal, they said, is to not only make a profit off of their various projects, but to also create a comprehensive website where people can access all of their "engaging" content at once.
"You wouldn't think twice about taking your kids down to the beach," Fin said. "So there's a girl in a bikini [on the CTA]. It's risky, but I'm not breaking any laws."
For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:
PrOmiseCAST Profile Joined August 2010 United States 305 Posts Last Edited: 2013-01-26 20:07:00 #1
*I am happy to announce that the "Top 200 HotS KOTH" has been re-branded under Clarity Gaming!*
The Clarity Gaming Pro HotS KOTH is a weekly "King of the Hill" series, (happening every Sunday @ 9PM EST) that allows professional players, as well as a few selected Grand Master/Masters players on the North American server to compete against each other for a money prize. Although all games are to be played live on the NA server, this does not exclude players from other regions who are interested in participating.
VOD Week #1 - Sunday January 20th, 2013
TT1 ( ) > Korean Terran ( )
TT1 ( ) > KroLu ( )
TT1 ( ) > Dragon ( )
TT1 ( ) > Kzo ( )
Bromance ( ) > TT1 ( )
Bromance ( ) > Glon ( )
Pro ( ) > Bromance ( )
CatZ ( ) > Pro ( )
Kane ( ) > CatZ ( )
Week #2 continues with Kane who currently has 1 win. ) > Korean Terran () > KroLu () > Dragon () > Kzo () > TT1 () > Glon () > Bromance () > Pro () > CatZ (Week #2 continues withwho currently haswin.
Upcoming KOTH: Sunday January 20th, 2013
Time: 6:00PM PST / 9:00PM EST
Stream: CGKOTH : Sunday January 20th, 2013: 6:00PM PST / 9:00PM EST http://twitch.tv/TheHandsomeNerd / NA Server / Channel:
Best of 1's. Winner continues until they lose. This will be open to all Professional players, Grand Masters, and a few selected master's players (non GM players are chosen by discretion based on skill, name familiarity, stats, rank, etc)
The players will be chosen in no specific order. This means there is not going to be a list. (the reason for this is to diversify game play and match ups and to also highlight player story lines.
The Clarity Gaming Pro HotS KOTH is a weekly "King of the Hill" series, (happening every Sunday @ 9PM EST) that allows professional players, as well as a few selected Grand Master/Masters players on the North American server to compete against each other for a money prize. Although all games are to be played live on the NA server, this does not exclude players from other regions who are interested in participating.Best of 1's. Winner continues until they lose. This will be open to all Professional players, Grand Masters, and a few selected master's players (non GM players are chosen by discretion based on skill, name familiarity, stats, rank, etc)The players will be chosen in no specific order. This means there is not going to be a list. (the reason for this is to diversify game play and match ups and to also highlight player story lines. $100.00 - for first person to get 5 wins in a row.
$10 - for dethrone (defeating someone who has 5+ wins)
@ClarityPrOmise
@DarkNathanias
Website: ClarityGaming.com
Twitter: @Clarity_Gaming
Twitch: Twitch.TV/Clarity_Gaming
YouTube: YouTube.com/ClarityGamingSC2
Professional StarCraft 2 Commentator | twitch.tv/PrOmiseCAST / @PrOmiseCAST on Twitter.
ROOTSasquatch Profile Blog Joined December 2010 United States 221 Posts #2 NATHANIASSSSSSSSSS
should be fun partsasquatch on reddit
Master of DalK Profile Blog Joined June 2012 Canada 1610 Posts Last Edited: 2013-01-21 01:34:59 #3 Dat rebranding~ This is going to be exciting ^.^
EDIT (felt like it fit): Who shall be the clear king of this hill? @MasterDalK | Technical Director at Waveform Entertainment | Streaming Every Esport Under the Sun
FXOkaRmy Profile Blog Joined December 2010 Canada 622 Posts #4 Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh yeah. =D Team Captain for FXO.NA Follow me on Twitter @FXOkarmy
Nathanias Profile Blog Joined April 2010 United States 236 Posts #5 Excited for this ^_^ Commentator Never give up, Never surrender
SirRobin Profile Joined December 2010 United States 269 Posts #6 Awesommmeeeeeeeee
https://twitter.com/SirRobinSC2
a9arnn Profile Blog Joined July 2009 United States 1532 Posts #7 That's so awesome! Pumped to see this :D !!! VOD finder guy for sc2ratings.com/ ! aka: ogndrahcir, a9azn2 | Go ZerO, Stork, Sea, and KawaiiRice :D | nesc2league.com/forum/index.php | youtube.com/watch?v=oaGtjWL5mZo
MetalPanda Profile Joined April 2012 Canada 1152 Posts Last Edited: 2013-01-19 23:10:36 #8 Glad to see Clarity's brand popping up more and more!
EDIT : By the way, does Clarity have sponsors these days? Can't seem to find them.
Master of DalK Profile Blog Joined June 2012 Canada 1610 Posts #9 On January 20 2013 08:08 MetalPanda wrote:
Glad to see Clarity's brand popping up more and more!
EDIT : By the way, does Clarity have sponsors these days? Can't seem to find them.
Not yet it seems. Not yet it seems. @MasterDalK | Technical Director at Waveform Entertainment | Streaming Every Esport Under the Sun
SCM.geauxsu Profile Joined September 2011 United States 55 Posts #10 Clarity's making some good moves picking these casters up, looking forward to watching! wat
SaroVati Profile Joined November 2010 Canada 278 Posts #11 On January 20 2013 08:08 MetalPanda wrote:
Glad to see Clarity's brand popping up more and more!
EDIT : By the way, does Clarity have sponsors these days? Can't seem to find them.
Soon to be announced Give us a few more weeks and we'll have everyone's obvious questions sorted out :D Time to tune in and steal some builds for HoTS so I'm not too behind when release comes! Soon to be announcedGive us a few more weeks and we'll have everyone's obvious questions sorted out :D Time to tune in and steal some builds for HoTS so I'm not too behind when release comes!
Shew Profile Blog Joined October 2010 United States 451 Posts #12 On January 20 2013 12:17 SaroVati wrote:
Show nested quote +
On January 20 2013 08:08 MetalPanda wrote:
Glad to see Clarity's brand popping up more and more!
EDIT : By the way, does Clarity have sponsors these days? Can't seem to find them.
Soon to be announced Give us a few more weeks and we'll have everyone's obvious questions sorted out :D Time to tune in and steal some builds for HoTS so I'm not too behind when release comes! Soon to be announcedGive us a few more weeks and we'll have everyone's obvious questions sorted out :D Time to tune in and steal some builds for HoTS so I'm not too behind when release comes!
I'll teach u just like i taught u WoL I'll teach u just like i taught u WoL http://www.twitch.tv/shew_tv | @ClarityShew on Twitter~
PrOmiseCAST Profile Joined August 2010 United States 305 Posts #13 Stream goes live in less than 1 hr!
A few players already playing : Beastyqt, TT1, ELVIS, and many more!
Professional StarCraft 2 Commentator | twitch.tv/PrOmiseCAST / @PrOmiseCAST on Twitter.
InsidiA Profile Blog Joined August 2011 Canada 1167 Posts #14 Really cool idea, keep it up Promise Graphics InsidiA | StarCraft 2 Manager for Team eLevate | Graphic Designer for Red Bull eSports & HTC | @iamjasonpun
elfonse Profile Joined March 2011 414 Posts #15 any chance for results to be posted?
Siphonn Profile Blog Joined November 2010 United States 298 Posts #16 Sick team Clarity is amazing!
WhalesFromSpace Profile Joined March 2012 390 Posts #17 Watched a game, the casting is bunch better now that there are two of you. Nice event Nihility
intense555 Profile Blog Joined February 2011 United States 472 Posts Last Edited: 2013-01-21 05:02:35 #18 Im happy with beating Yong, but sad losing to my HoTS nemesis catz Aspiring Starcraft 2 pro for @mYinsanityEU, follow me on Twitter @mYintenseSC
Pucca Profile Blog Joined January 2012 Taiwan 1270 Posts #19 Are replays going to be released? Master Chief
PrOmiseCAST Profile Joined August 2010 United States 305 Posts #20 Thread updated with game scores. Professional StarCraft 2 Commentator | twitch.tv/PrOmiseCAST / @PrOmiseCAST on Twitter.
1 2 Next All
A Canadian business person at the helm of a chain of Caribbean casinos appears to plot the death of their own company's president in a secret audio recording obtained by CBC News and the Globe and Mail as part of a year-long investigation.
The man in the recording is said to be Francesco Carbone of Vaughan, Ont., and can be heard discussing the killing. They seem to suggest doing it outside of the Dominican Republic because news of the homicide would appear "in every f—ing paper" there.
"Can we whack them in the Dominican?" a convicted con man known as Sasha Visser, who made the recording, asks in the audio.
"No," Carbone replies.
"We can't kill them in the Dominican?" Visser repeats.
"Kidding me, bro?" Carbone says. "Here it's a regular f—ing builder, big f—ing deal. Over there, it's the president of Dream Corporation."
Two men heard on tape apparently discuss when and how to kill Andrew Pajak 1:35
The recording was allegedly made at a bakery on Rutherford Road in Vaughan in May 2013 — just as a bitter underworld spat was erupting over the Dream Group, a chain of casinos, sports betting parlours and lottery kiosks in the Dominican Republic, which is majority owned by Carbone, 47, and their brother, Antonio Carbone, 39.
Their business partner, and the target of the alleged murder plot, was company president Andrew Pajak.
Francesco Carbone denies the authenticity of the tape, saying in an interview that whatever is on it is "spliced and cut." CBC News had it verified by a forensics expert who could find no evidence of it being tampered with.
Gaming empire
By 2013, the Carbones and Pajak had been opening betting facilities in Jamaica and the Dominican Republic for the previous 2½ years, hoping to establish a gaming empire that would rival Las Vegas and be worthy of the Fortune 500.
Funding for the venture came from Canadian billionaire and philanthropist Michael G. DeGroote.
As the CBC/Globe investigation found, each of the men DeGroote financed has had ties to organized crime, though there's no evidence they knew it at the time of their initial loans.
In the 1980s, Pajak, now 62, was briefly connected to a police investigation into a notorious garbage business named Super Disposal, which was described in court as "a mass of criminal activity from bottom to top."
In a separate secret recording filed by the Carbones in an Ontario court as part of the sprawling legal fight over the Dream Group, Pajak themselves is hearing saying that "I used to take care of all, a lot of the mob's money."
Previous Next
Pajak did not reply to repeated requests for comment.
The Carbones have their own shady history. The CBC investigation found evidence they were behind a gambling website known as Don Carbone Sportsbook and Casino, or DCSC.com, until it wound up in 2010. The brothers deny this.
The site was affiliated with a bookmaking enterprise called Platinum Sportsbook that a combination of police forces in southern Ontario took down in a massive raid in 2013.
Two years earlier, the Carbones were each convicted of possessing an illegal handgun. One of the guns, found loaded by police, had its serial number filed off.
New machinations
The Carbones said in an interview that they bought the guns "to protect ourselves and our family" after receiving a threat involving bullets sent to them in the mail.
Now, however, the alleged conspiracy to murder Pajak has kicked off a new whirl of machinations, as part of the dispute over the Dream Group casinos.
Send us tips Send tips on this or any other story to Harvey Cashore here, or call 416-526-4704.
First to enter the picture was Visser, with their claim that Francesco Carbone ordered up a hit on Pajak.
A Mafia associate, who an Ontario judge once labelled an "inveterate thief," Visser is officially known to law enforcement as Zeljko Zderic, 44.
But they are also known as Canadian passport holder Sasha Vujacic, 61; Croatian citizen Pavle Kolic, 55; and British subject Alexander Visser — or, to their chums, simply Sasha.
Previous Next
When Visser met with Carbone in May 2013, they were secretly recording on their iPhone — not the first or last time they would do so.
Earlier that month, they had recorded another meeting they had arranged with another party to the Dream Group dispute, the billionaire DeGroote.
Believing they had been fleeced of the $111.9 million they lent to the company, DeGroote was suing the Carbones and was looking for help from people like Visser to collect evidence.
Visser told DeGroote that the Carbones despised Pajak.
"They hate the cocksucker. They want them killed," they said, according to a transcript filed in court. "And here, I'll do you one better. I can get that on wire, not to go to the cops, but for you to use whatever leverage that would help you."
And so later that month, Visser ended up at a strip mall bakery in Vaughan with a man they call "Frank" on the tape.
"Am I gonna be able to do f---head soon?" Visser asks.
"Soon, very soon," Carbone is heard replying.
Then later, "What do I have to make [it] look like? Like just a shooting?"
"It doesn't make any difference," Carbone says.
Criminal charges dropped
DeGroote was alarmed enough by what he'd heard to go to police.
And so on July 30, 2013, another plot unfolded. Plainclothes surveillance officers hid out in a room by the DeGroote family's upper-floor condo at the luxury Ritz-Carlton residences in downtown Toronto.
DeGroote had summoned Visser to bring them a copy of the recording, but Visser sent others in their place.
They opened up a laptop with the audio and played it for DeGroote, as the police covertly listened in. Once the officers had heard enough, they pounced, seizing the laptop as evidence.
A week later, Francesco Carbone was charged with counselling murder. They were released on $250,000 bail.
The criminal case went nowhere, however.
Facing a number of arrest warrants on other matters, Visser fled to the Dominican Republic the day after the police seized the recording. With no other witnesses to the conversation, the Crown dropped the remaining charges against Carbone on Dec. 2, 2013.
Carbone is now suing the police for wrongful arrest.
"To be honest with you, I didn't say anything on the tape. I believe the tape was spliced and cut," Carbone said in an interview in October. "And that's what the police got."
Send tips on this or any other story to Harvey Cashore, or call 416-526-4704.
President Trump threatened former FBI Director James Comey around the possibility that their private conversations were recorded.
In a tweet Friday morning, Trump wrote, “James Comey better hope that there are no ‘tapes' of our conversations before they start leaking to the press!”
[ Related: Five big questions about Trump's decision to fire Comey ]
Trump said in an interview with NBC News Thursday that Comey told them once at dinner and twice over the telephone that they aren't under investigation. A New York Times story published Thursday evening reported that Trump had asked Comey at a private January dinner to pledge loyalty to the new president. Comey declined and said that they would be “honest” with the president.
Trump and Comey. (Photos: Evan Vucci/AP, Susan Walsh/AP) More
The series of tweets come as the White House scrambles to deny that it intentionally misled Americans over the series of events that led to Comey's termination on Tuesday. Administration officials initially said Comey was terminated on the recommendation of Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein, but Trump contradicted that message themselves on Thursday by saying that they were going to fire Comey regardless of Rosenstein's opinion.
The Comey comments were part of a longer series of tweets sent out Friday morning as the president vented on social media, and included a suggestion that they could cancel all future White House press briefings.
Again, the story that there was collusion between the Russians & Trump campaign was fabricated by Dems as an excuse for losing the election. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 12, 2017
The Fake Media is working overtime today! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 12, 2017
As a very active President with lots of things happening, it is not possible for my surrogates to stand at podium with perfect accuracy!…. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 12, 2017
…Maybe the best thing to do would be to cancel all future "press briefings" and hand out written responses for the sake of accuracy??? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 12, 2017
James Comey better hope that there are no "tapes" of our conversations before they start leaking to the press! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 12, 2017
When James Clapper himself, and virtually everyone else with knowledge of the witch hunt, says there is no collusion, when does it end? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 12, 2017
China just agreed that the U.S. will be allowed to sell beef, and other major products, into China once again. This is REAL news! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 12, 2017
Getty Images
With the NFL opting to keep Vikings running back Adrian Peterson on the Commissioner-Exempt list through the completion of the NFL's review of their case under the personal conduct policy, someone is leaking to members of the media the notion that the prior agreement to place Peterson on de facto suspension with pay extends beyond the adjudication of their pending legal charges.
Per a source with knowledge of the terms of the agreement, it doesn't.
The deal, which allowed the NFL and the Vikings to get Peterson off the field while enabling Minnesota to retain their rights, expired upon adjudication of the criminal charges. Which means that, based on the terms of the agreement the NFL and the NFLPA brokered in September, Peterson should be removed immediately from the Commissioner-Exempt list.
If Peterson chooses to pursue litigation, the document generated by the league and the union in September becomes a potent piece of ammunition to support a temporary restraining order and/or preliminary injunction allowing Peterson to play pending the resolution of the league's review of their case under the conduct policy. Which of course would expedite the review of their case under the conduct policy, considerably.
The risk for Peterson arises from the possibility that he'll anger Commissioner Roger Goodell, the person responsible for ultimately determining whether he'll be suspended beyond the eight they already have missed. Indeed, the agreement expressly states, we're told, that no discipline will be processed until after the pending criminal charges are adjudicated. Which means that the suspension with pay does not constitute discipline, per se.
Failure to give Peterson credit for the time they have missed, however, will hurt the league in the long run. Why would any player decide in future cases to agree to step aside from the playing field pending the resolution of their legal case if they know that, in the end, any playing time they have missed won't matter? That's hardly the best way to repay Peterson for helping the league out of a tough spot, and it will make it much harder to justify similar arrangements in the future.
So Peterson can let the league do what it wants, or they can force the issue. Their playing style and legendary handshake suggest he's not the type to sit back and take it.
About
What would a purse look like if it was invented today? We've reimagined the handbag for your iPhone.
With the Voye. It's like your phone is not in your purse – because it is your purse.
The Voye fits in the palm of your hand as a clutch, can be worn over your shoulder with a detachable strap, but is also slim enough to use as a wallet and be tucked into your everyday bag.
Take pictures through your bag
You never have to remove your phone to capture a photo or reply to a text, it can all be done by just holding the Voye.
Voye 1.0
Our first line includes two black and gold clutches that work for day or night. Compatible with the iPhone 5, 5s and iPhone 6 (4.7").
No more searching through your bag for your phone
We considered hundreds of designs and prototypes to build a clutch that fits perfectly in a woman's hands. Every aspect of the Voye is designed so you have full control of your phone while it's still inside.
Accessing your things is a breeze with the Voye. There's a place for your money and cards. The Voye's front cover folds back so you can fully access your iPhone and magnets keep everything secure so none of your essentials slip out.
You can also listen to music or chat while you're running around with quick headphone access.
Notifications
The front cover of the Voye features a "V" shaped notification window that lets light pass through when you receive a new message.
Rewards
Features
Ships with both an adjustable, removable shoulder strap and wristlet
Secure iPhone slots with access to all buttons, speakers, audio and charging jacks
Easy access and removal of iPhone in and out of your Voye
Cover folds open for access to the interior storage compartment and is held secure using iPhone-safe magnets
Storage compartment features card slots and room to hold your essentials like makeup, sunglasses, keys, money, and earbuds
Back exterior features camera tunnel for taking pictures with flash
5"H x 6 1/4"W x 2"D
Manufacturing and Construction
Because the Voye is a new kind of handbag, we're working with a manufacturing partner who's helping us develop a whole new way to build a purse – that means combining hand-sewn, soft leather with a precision-moulded protective case that keeps your phone super secure and allows you to take pictures through the bag.
Timeline
Team Behind The Voye
We hope you enjoy our take on women-focused wearable computing and fashion tech. We're looking forward to building the first line of Voye clutches with your support.
How Do You Wear Your Phone?
Capture, view and share all your moments with a new style.
Shipping Notes
Some Republicans think state party leader Susan Hutchison should resign after their apparent rationalization of Trump's 2005 comments about groping women.
The remarks Donald Trump made in 2005 about groping women have divided Republican leaders at the national level. It's also driving a wedge between Republicans here in Washington state.
After state party leader Susan Hutchison seemed to rationalize the Trump audiotapes by saying they were a Democrat when the remarks were made, one of the GOP's statewide candidates denounced Hutchison's remarks. A former spokesperson for the state party said they were “an embarrassment.” And a conservative talk-radio host called on them to resign.
There's now a petition circulating among some Republicans in the state that calls for Hutchison to step down immediately “for the good of the Party and the November elections.”
Josh Amato, a former state GOP spokesperson who now runs a digital-marketing company that works with political campaigns, said Hutchison's remarks were an embarrassment to state Republicans and GOP candidates up and down the ballot. They called the comments absurd.
“We can be a big-tent party. But we can't be big enough to condone or excuse sexual assault,” Amato said.
Amato said Hutchison had options in how to handle the tape, including keeping silent about it or simply saying the remarks on the tape were inexcusable.
Hutchison did say that Trump's 2005 remarks — in which they bragged in vulgar terms about groping women — cannot be justified. But they then rationalized the remarks by saying Trump was a Democrat at the time.
Trump appears to have been registered as a Democrat but has said they voted for Republican candidate George W. Bush in the 2004 election.
Hutchison did not return messages seeking comment Sunday, and a spokesperson said they were unavailable. Caleb Heimlich, the executive director of the party, said anyone who thinks Hutchison was trying to excuse Trump's comments is willingly misinterpreting what they said. They said Hutchison was simply pointing out that Trump's comments were from another point in time in Trump's life and that people change over time.
“We like to believe that Mr. Trump has changed,” Heimlich said. They said they haven't heard from any elected officials or state board members who think Hutchison should step down, and they said any suggestion that they do so distracts from the party's effort to mobilize before the election.
In a text message, Trump's state campaign director, Sen. Don Benton, R-Vancouver, said the volunteer campaign operation wouldn't be distracted by “10-year-old, gotcha comments made in a private setting.”
“Mr. Trump took ownership of it and issued an immediate apology, and we were happy to see that,” Benton wrote.
Todd Herman, a conservative talk-radio host on KTTH 770 AM, said in an interview Sunday that Hutchison's explanation of Trump's remarks could potentially harm Republican candidates across the state. The comments, Herman said, essentially say the state GOP's official position is that if you talk about sexually assaulting women as a Democrat but later become a Republican, then it's all OK.
They didn't understand why Hutchison would try to explain away Trump's remarks when they have other candidates in the state who have sought to distance themselves from Trump.
“Why are you expending political capital on a guy who has a 6 percent chance of winning (the state)?” Herman said. They also called on Hutchison to resign.
Eric Minor, an RNC delegate from Gig Harbor who has long opposed Trump, said they were also very disappointed in Hutchison's remarks because “she seemed to be justifying Trump's conduct.” Minor has been frustrated with Hutchison ever since they felt like they squashed legitimate opposition to Trump at the party's national convention. Minor also wishes Hutchison would resign.
Keith Schipper, a former party spokesperson who sits on the state GOP executive board, said they have heard from a number of people who are calling on Hutchison to resign.
They don't think that it would be wise to change party leadership this close to an election, but they pointed to the comments of King County GOP chair Lori Sotelo as an ideal way to respond to the Trump tape. Sotelo had issued a brief statement Saturday calling Trump's remarks “unacceptable” and unrepresentative of the character of the party.
U.S. Senate candidate Chris Vance, who has said for months they won't vote for Trump, also said they did not approve of Hutchison's remarks. Asked whether their remarks were harmful to the prospects of local Republican candidates, Vance sighed, then said they aren't sure.
The conventional wisdom in politics, Vance said, is that parties need a strong performance at the top of the ticket to boost their down-ballot counterparts. So Vance said they understand why Hutchison is still trying to rally support for Trump. At a time when some Republicans think the worst possible thing for the country would be the election of Hillary Clinton, the Trump candidacy has left Republicans in turmoil.
“The party is bitterly and deeply divided, and people are mad at each other,” Vance said. “There's a lot of rancor out there.”
At the national level, some Republicans revoked their support for Trump after the tape was released. Others, however, have stood by Trump's candidacy while denouncing the 2005 remarks.
In a tweet Sunday morning, Trump criticized Republican leaders who had abandoned him.
“So many self-righteous hypocrites,” Trump tweeted. “Watch their poll numbers — and elections — go down!”
[Insert obvious 'Gremlins' reference here]
I'm really hoping they were the muscle of the operation
Brian took the lemur back to their home where they hatched a ransom plan with their girlfriend, 38-year-old Veruschka Guy (whose name sounds like a character from a very dark remake of Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory).
"Which one of these here candies got meth in 'em?!"
When they arrived, the Brian and Veruschka got out of the car and showed Julie pictures of Gizmo on their laptop to confirm that it was the right lemur. When Julie offered them the $100 reward, however, the pair said that it wasn't enough and demanded more money.
Julie claimed that they would need to go back home to get the cash. Them cunning antagonists never once suspected that they might actually be going to the police to set up a sting operation. But when they met up at the same gas station again at 3:00 AM the next morning, Brian and Veruschka were greeted by a team of deputies who swiftly They called Julie Harris and simply/omniously stated ' I know where your lemur is at .' The Bonnie and Clyde couple then agreed to meet them at a gas station near the state line to make the exchange.When they arrived, the Brian and Veruschka got out of the car and showed Julie pictures of Gizmo on their laptop to confirm that it was the right lemur. When Julie offered them the $100 reward, however, the pair said that it wasn't enough and demanded more money.Julie claimed that they would need to go back home to get the cash. Them cunning antagonists never once suspected that they might actually be going to the police to set up a sting operation. But when they met up at the same gas station again at 3:00 AM the next morning, Brian and Veruschka were greeted by a team of deputies who swiftly moved in to make the arrest and rescue Gizmo
"Okay boys... no need to yell 'BREACH' when opening the car door..."
But while Julie was happily reunited with their pet, the police in Mobile, Alabama were still looking for James Welbourne, who was the one that started this whole ridiculous chain of events. They worked together with police in Brown County, Mississippi and told them to keep a close eye out for anyone that looked like a younger, redneck version of Danny Bonaduce...
...and on February 12 during a routine traffic stop, they ...and on February 12 during a routine traffic stop, they finally caught them
But James has no one to blame for themselves for their latest incarceration. Just because you cross a state line does not mean that you are home free from committing a crime in the state you just left...especially on the border of Alabama and Mississippi. James Welborn Jr. was arrested and charged with burglary.  They are currently awaiting extradition back to Alabama, where they will undoubtedly face charges, prison time, and a large amount of ridicule from the other inmates.But James has no one to blame for themselves for their latest incarceration. Just because you cross a state line does not mean that you are home free from committing a crime in the state you just left...especially on the border of Alabama and Mississippi.
“We don't put up with any monkey business in George County,”
Please feel free to leave a comment below. If you'd like to sing my praises or tell me how terrible I am more personally, I can also be found on Twitter Sheriff Dean Howell made that perfectly clear with this awesome statement they gave to close out the case:
In early January of 2013, the home of Julie Harris was burglarized . Only three items were taken, but they were things that no one ever wants to come home to find missing: A flat screen television, an Xbox, and their pet lemur, Gizmo Julie instantly went to police and the local news to ask for help. While their material possessions could be replaced, Gizmo was an animal that they considered part of their family. They also required special care that they were afraid their captors would be completely unaware of.Meanwhile, Gizmo's abductor, 32-year-old James Welborne Jr. , crossed the border into George County, Mississippi to dump the newly acquired lemur off with their sister. They even had the nerve to tell them that the pet belonged to a friend of theirs who was deployed in Afghanistan and they were taking care of it for him.But unfortunately for James, a missing lemur makes for some great time-filler on local news broadcast. One night while sitting at home with Gizmo, James' sister saw this report on pop up on the television.Aside from showing that Julie Harris has some incredibly cool pets (and a house that probably smells all types of awful), the report made James' sister aware that their brother (who they knew had a history of theft ) bringing them a rare animal that perfectly matched the stolen animal's description was not a coincidence.That news report combined with offers of a cash reward for the missing primate turned up the heat on James' sister far more than they were willing to deal with. They called their brother and demanded that they come and get the stolen monkey out of their home. Instead of going himself, however, James sent their incredibly intelligent-looking friend, 34-year-old Brian Sanders , to fetch Gizmo.
Toledo Mayor Lifts Water Ban, Says 'Our Water Is Safe'
Enlarge this image toggle caption Haraz N. Ghanbari/AP Haraz N. Ghanbari/AP
Update at 9:35 a.m. ET. Water Is Safe:
"Our water is safe."
That's the word this morning from Toledo Mayor D. Michael Collins, who lifted a 3-day-old ban on using the city's water supply.
During a televised press conference, Collins said the 400,000 people affected can start drinking, bathing and cooking with the water now that the level of the toxin microcystin has stabilized below what the World Health Organization deems acceptable.
Microcystin is a byproduct of blooming algae in Lake Erie.
Collins said the lake has suffered because of runoff coming from farms, lawns and solid waste.
"We have not been good flight attendants of this natural resource," Collins said, adding that they hope the water crisis will spur action locally and federally.
Officials in Toledo asked residents to run their water for 15 minutes before drinking it.
Our Original Post Continues:
Toledo Mayor D. Michael Collins decided to keep a water ban in effect on Monday, even though tests from the the Ohio Environmental Protection Agency and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency found that toxins in the drinking water likely had dissipated to level the World Health Organization considers safe.
As we reported, cities in northwest Ohio have told residents not use city water, because it was contaminated by the toxin microcystin that was more than likely produced by blooming algae in Lake Erie. More than 400,000 people have been affected by the ban.
The Toledo Blade reports:
" 'It is my decision to keep the status quo in effect for at least the next five or six hours,' Mr. Collins said, explaining they were still not comfortable with results they were getting in two undisclosed parts of the city from tests performed by the city's own chemists inside Toledo's Collins Park Water Treatment Plant. " 'Two tests came back too close for comfort for me,' they added. "While there is no state or federally mandated limit for microcystin, the potentially deadly toxin in a harmful form of blue-green algae known as microcystis, the World Health Organization has recommended that the drinking water concentration be kept at 1.0 ppb or less."
Toledo News Now reports that Collins said 12 out of 30 tests have come back clean and that only two of the other tests have shown levels above the acceptable range.
"I am not going to make a decision to expose this city until I'm comfortable," Collins said.
The Associated Press reports on the big picture:
"Water plant operators along western Lake Erie have long been worried about this very scenario as a growing number of algae blooms have turned the water into a pea soup color in recent summers, leaving behind toxins that can sicken people and kill pets. "In fact, the problems on the shallowest of the five Great Lakes brought on by farm runoff and sludge from sewage treatment plants have been building for more than a decade. "The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration released a satellite image showing a small but concentrated algae bloom centered right where Toledo draws its water supply, said Jeff Reutter, head of the Ohio Sea Grant research lab."
Meanwhile, residents of the area will continue to scramble to find water to drink, cook and bathe.
During the run-up to the ether sale we will be releasing a series of blog posts regarding our development plans and intended organizational structure. Today we describe some of the background details of the ether sale module. The sale module will be displayed on our website at https://www.ethereum.org for the duration of the sale.
What is it?
The ether sale is an HTML/JavaScript web application that enables people and organizations to pre-purchase ether tokens with bitcoin. Ether may be purchased by parties interested in using it in their development of distributed applications on the Ethereum platform or simply to pay for the use of applications on the platform once the genesis block is released. The application runs mostly inside the browser, including pseudo random number generation (PRNG) and encryption/decryption of user secrets.
Additionally, we will be making available a standalone pure Python application that can be used from a command line interface to purchase ether in lieu of using the website store.
Website workflow:
After agreeing to the store's Terms and Conditions, the buyer enters the desired amount of ether to purchase, their email address, a password to use for encryption, and generates a “random” seed forming the basis for their transaction-specific bitcoin & Ethereum addresses. The user buyer sends payment in bitcoin to the generated address which is displayed on the store page and also provided in a downloadable encrypted wallet file. When the browser, which is monitoring the bitcoin blockchain, sees enough funds have been sent to this generated address, the browser creates a new transaction forwarding the bitcoin to the genesis sale address. This transaction is signed by the buyer's browser and submitted to the bitcoin network. No transaction data is stored on any servers because the Bitcoin blockchain serves as the purchase database. After the transaction has been successfully submitted, the user buyer is again prompted to download a backup copy of their encrypted wallet in addition to being emailed another backup file. The buyer should be aware that keeping the wallet as an email attachment in an email account for any period of time represents a vulnerability. The email attachment should be downloaded to a safe computer at the earliest opportunity and the email should be expunged from the email system.
(What follows are technical information, the GUI we have developed abstracts all of this is in a very user-friendly manner)
Wallet encryption process:
Randomgen a SEED. BKPKEY = sha3(SEED + “\x02″)[:16] KEY = pbkdf2(PW) ENCSEED = encrypt(KEY, SEED) WALLET = [ ENCSEED, BKPKEY ] (plus non-sensitive data like ethereum and bitcoin address)
The BTC and ETH privkeys and addresses are derived from the SEED.
Seed recovery process:
WALLET + PW recovery: (normal) KEY = pbkdf2(PW) SEED = decrypt(KEY, ENCSEED)
Overview of website steps for making an ether purchase:
Buyer clicks “Buy Ether” and agrees to the Terms & Conditions Buyer enters initial purchase information Buyer enters the amount of ether they'd like to purchase Buyer enters email address as the destination for wallet backup file Buyer enters passphrase, which serves as an encryption seed. A very strong passphrase is highly recommended Buyer generates entropy by moving their mouse or tapping their screen. A “seed” is constructed based on this generated entropy as well as other random system inputs. When the desired entropy length is achieved the wallet is generated using the seed. The wallet contains: an individual BTC address to send the funds to an individual ETH address an encrypted seed a backup encrypted seed The browser sale app checks the newly created BTC address to see if funds arrive. Before sending any funds, the buyer has an opportunity to download the wallet. If a problem occurs between transactions, any funds send to the buyer's personal deposit address will be accessible with the passphrase. If the unspent balance of the BTC address > 0.01 BTC, the browser sale app generates a signed transaction from the newly created BTC address with 2 specific outputs: an output of the total unspent balance minus miners fee to the main sale BTC address–this btc address is where all the funds go, it's a fixed, known BTC address. an output of 10000 satoshi to a BTC address generated from the (string) ETH address–this bitcoin address is for confirming ethereum addresses and is unique for every transaction. The browser sale app prompts the purchaser to download their wallet again & and also sends the buyer an email containing a backup for the ether wallet. The same caution as stated above applies. Do not leave the wallet as an email attachment in an email system. Download as soon as possible and ensure that the email is expunged. The browser sale app will display the number of bitcoin transaction confirmations
So that's it! Although there are a lot of technical things happening in the background, the GUI we have developed will make the process a click by click operation.
President Obama says the rise of Donald Trump can be traced back to 2008, when then-GOP presidential nominee John McCain chose a little-known Alaska governor as their running mate.
“I see a straight line from the announcement of Sarah Palin as the vice presidential nominee to what we see today in Donald Trump,” Obama said in a wide-ranging interview with New York magazine published Sunday night. “The emergence of the Freedom Caucus, the tea party, and the shift in the center of gravity for the Republican Party.”
“Whether that changes, I think, will depend in part on the outcome of this election,” Obama continued, “but it's also going to depend on the degree of self-reflection inside the Republican Party. There have been at least a couple of other times that I've said confidently that the fever is going to have to break, but it just seems to get worse.”
Palin, the second woman ever to be nominated for vice president and the first Republican, was a surprise choice given their lack of experience — but the first-term governor and self-described “hockey mom” captured America's attention with their attacks on Obama before their candidacy, in part, descended into self-parody.
In their conversation with New York magazine's Jonathan Chait, Obama connected Palin to the tea party and Republican obstructionism in general.
“The moods that I think Sarah Palin had captured during the election increasingly were representative of the Republican activist base, its core,” Obama said while reflecting on their first year in office. “It might not have been representative of Republicans across the country, but it meant that [House Republican leader] John Boehner or [then-Senate Minority Leader] Mitch McConnell had to worry about that mood inside their party that felt that, ‘No, we shouldn't cooperate with Obama, we shouldn't cooperate with Democrats' — that it represents compromise, weakness, and that the broader character of America is at stake, regardless of whatever policy arguments might be made.”
As a result, Obama said, the ability for future presidents to get things done “is going to be primarily dependent on how many votes we've got in each chamber and our ability to move public opinion.”
“It is not, these days, going to be as dependent on classic dealmaking between Democrats and Republicans,” Obama said, “playing enough golf or drinking enough Scotch with members [of Congress]. … What matters is that all [Trump's] constituencies or [Palin's] constituencies are watching Fox News and listening to Rush [Limbaugh], and they're going to pay a price if they're seen as being too cozy with a Democratic president.”
Trump receives Palin's endorsement in Ames, Iowa, Jan. 19, 2016. (Aaron P. Bernstein/Getty Images) More
The line between Palin and Trump was visible in January, when they endorsed Trump before the Iowa caucuses.
“No more pussyfootin' around!” Palin said. “Are you ready for a commander in chief, you ready for a commander in chief who will let our warriors do their job and go kick ISIS ass? Ready for someone who will secure our borders, to secure our jobs, and to secure our homes? Ready to make America great again, are you ready to stump for Trump? I'm here to support the next president of the United States, Donald Trump.”
During the GOP primaries, Palin stumped for Trump several times but has since largely disappeared from view. Unlike most of Trump's surrogates, they did not appear at the Republican National Convention in July.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
When I moved to a small organic farm in the mountains of North Carolina, I quickly got hooked on weeds (note plural).
Chickweed popped up soon after the ground thawed in spring, giving us a vibrant, grassy-tasting salad weeks before the first cultivated greens were ready. Not long after, tender, peppery watercress sprouted in the marshy banks of the creek—a real delicacy, and one prized by our chef customers. By midsummer, my favorite weeds of all would emerge from plowed fields: a high-rising, spinach-related green called lamb's-quarters, and a low-slung, creeping plant called purslane, with its succulent, lemony leaves.
We never found much of a market for these delicacies, save for the watercress. But they became staples of the farmhouse kitchen. Now that I spend more of my time off the farm and in a city, one of the things I miss most is easy access to these pungent wild foods.
Turns out the void I'm feeling may be more than aesthetic. According to author Jo Robinson's recent book Eating on the Wild Side, the same wild edible plants that we call weeds tend to be loaded with phytonutrients—the “arsenal of chemicals” that plants synthesize to fend off “insects, disease, damaging ultra-violet light, inclement weather, and browsing animals.” Phytochemicals (“phyto” means “plant” in Greek) are essentially the plant kingdom's survival strategy—a passive-aggressive tool for living creatures that can't flee predators, disease, or bad weather.
Recent studies suggest that eating phytonutrients helps humans fend off four of what Robinson calls “our modern scourges”: cancer, cardiovascular disease, diabetes, and dementia. In a peer-reviewed paper last year, Finnish researchers found that lycopene—the stuff that makes tomatoes and watermelons red—seems to dramatically reduce stroke incidence in males. In 2011, British researchers determined that a compound called indole-3-carbinol, found in cruciferous vegetables like broccoli, cabbage, and turnips, boosts the immune system and helps maintain intestinal health. Resveratrol, the stuff grapes produce to fight off fungal pathogens, appears to have a host of benefits for humans, including protecting our brains from damage after a stroke, a 2012 study by Chinese researchers suggested.
“The more palatable our fruits and vegetables became…the less advantageous they were for our health.”
As Cornell food science professor Rui Hai Liu put it in a 2004 paper, phytonutrients are “best acquired through whole-food consumption, not from expensive dietary supplements.” The problem is that the foods that contain more of them tend to be bitter, not sweet. And according to Robinson, humanity's 10,000-year agricultural adventure has been all about breeding away bitterness and selecting for sweetness, starchiness, and fat—and thus has been a kind of millennia-long war against the very nutrients that made early humans the healthy, vibrant creatures capable of inventing agriculture in the first place. As a result, they write, “the more palatable our fruits and vegetables became…the less advantageous they were for our health.” It's not that common supermarket varieties don't contain phytonutrients—it's just that, Robinson shows, they have many fewer than their wild ancestors and other plants (like my beloved weeds) that haven't been subjected to thousands of years of selective breeding.
Luckily, we haven't forgotten about weeds entirely. They play a role in some of the globe's most celebrated cuisines. I wouldn't want to imagine Mexico's street food without tlacoyos con quelites (grilled corn cakes with lamb's-quarters) or Italy without ravioli d'ortica (pasta stuffed with stinging nettles). And some cultivated vegetable varieties remain genetically close to their wild progenitors—and are thus flush with phytonutrients. Take arugula: Until very recently, the slightly bitter green was considered a weed, and the kind sold in supermarkets is still “very similar to its wild ancestor,” Robinson notes. It's also rich in a cancer-fighting class of phytonutrients called glucosinolates. Robinson also points to herbs, which much more closely resemble their wild antecedents than do, say, modern apples or tomatoes or corn. “We've long valued them for their intense flavors and aroma, which is why they've not been given a flavor makeover,” they write. “Because we've left them well enough alone, their phytonutrient content has remained intact.”
One of the unsung benefits of the explosion of farmers markets and CSAs over the past decade is that it has given more people access to produce bred for things besides just sweetness, shelf life, and portability. We might not sell much in the way of wild greens at the North Carolina farm I'm involved with, but we can never grow enough of our famously spicy arugula to satisfy demand. And like many farms that sell to neighboring communities, we favor tomato varieties that balance sweetness with acidity—and may well deliver an extra jolt of phytonutrients because of it. We're not alone: These days, “weeds” like purslane are beginning to appear at farmers markets and on trendy restaurant menus.
The first thing I did after reading Robinson's book? I contacted my colleagues back on the farm, to suggest that it might be time to try marketing chickweed and lamb's-quarters again.
The Sami Zayn collection is coming to the WWE Network. The set will premiere on Monday, December 4th with the title Sami Zayn: Never Be The Same. And WWE Network News has the exclusive full match and segment listing. Not only will this playlist highlight the former NXT Champion's time on both NXT and the main roster for RAW and Smackdown, but it will feature interview segments where Sami discusses matches and moments from their career. Over four years are condensed in this set, so naturally a lot of moments and matches aren't included, however it does even include their recent heel turn and some of the immediate aftermath.
Below is the list of matches and segments in the new WWE Network collection, including exclusive comments from Sami Zayn himself:
Sami Zayn: Never Be The Same
NXT 05/22/2013 – More Than Generic
Sami Zayn proves to the world that they are so much more than generic in their debut match in NXT against Curt Hawkins.
Sami's Insight on Debut (Interview)
Sami Zayn sheds some light on everyone's preconceived notion about them before their debut, and offers insight to their rivalry with Cesaro.
NXT 08/21/2013 – International Incident
Sami Zayn takes to the ring to go one-on-one with Antonio Cesaro in this memorable 2-Out-of-3 Falls Match.
NXT Arrival 02/27/2014 – One Helluva Battle
Sami Zayn shows the WWE Universe why they have truly arrived in this bout against Antonio Cesaro.
NXT 04/23/2014 – Real Competition
Sami Zayn and The Usos step up to give Corey Graves and The Ascension the competition they asked for in a Six-Man Tag Team Match.
NXT TakeOver: Fatal 4-Way 09/11/2014 – Four for Gold
Sami Zayn looks for glory by battling Adrian Neville, Tyler Breeze, and Tyson Kidd for the NXT Championship.
NXT TakeOver: R-Evolution 12/11/2014 – Rising to the Top
With their career in NXT on the line, Sami Zayn challenges Adrian Neville for the NXT Championship.
Sami's Insight on NXT Title Win (Interview)
Sami Zayn shares some insight into their capture of the NXT Championship and their storied rivalry with longtime friend, Kevin Owens.
NXT TakeOver: Rival 02/11/2015 – Old Friends, New Rivals
Sami Zayn finds themselves in a dangerous position when they defend the NXT Championship against Kevin Owens.
NXT 04/15/2015 – Evading The Gore
Sami Zayn tries to avoid being the victim of the gore when they face off against Rhyno in a grueling battle.
RAW 05/04/2015 – A Bittersweet Surprise
Sami Zayn shocks the WWE Universe by showing up on Monday Night RAW to challenge John Cena for the Untied States Championship.
Sami's Insight on Facing Cena (Interview)
Sami Zayn comments on their shocking debut on Monday Night RAW that left both them and the WWE Universe wanting more.
NXT 03/09/2016 – The Marathon Men
Sami Zayn and Samoa Joe meet in a 2-Out-of-3 Falls Match for a shot at becoming Number One Contender for the NXT Championship.
RAW 03/14/2016 – An Ironic Turn of Events
Irony reigns supreme when Kevin Owens takes a ringside seat to watch Sami Zayn go one-on-one with The Miz.
NXT TakeOver: Dallas 04/01/2016 – Heart and Soul
Emotions run high as Sami Zayn takes to the ring to battle the debuting Shinsuke Nakamura.
Sami's Insight on Nakamura Match (Interview)
Sami Zayn addresses their move from NXT to Monday Night RAW and their perception of Shinsuke Nakamura.
RAW 04/11/2016 – Seeking Opportunity
Sami Zayn looks to earn a shot at the WWE World Heavyweight Championship by going one-on-one with AJ Styles.
Payback 2016 – Seeking Payback
Sami Zayn sets their sights on getting even with Kevin Owens when they meet in singles action.
SmackDown 06/23/2016 – The Underdog and The Architect
Seth Rollins' road to reclaim the WWE World Heavyweight Championship runs right into Sami Zayn.
SmackDown 07/07/2016 – The Walls Come Down
An unusual alliance is formed when Kevin Owens sits ringside to witness Chris Jericho battle their former friend, Sami Zayn.
Battleground 2016 – A Familiar Battleground
Sami Zayn finds themselves in familiar territory in a one-on-one bout against Kevin Owens.
Sami's Insight on Owens Rivalry (Interview)
Listen as Sami Zayn comments on their in-ring chemistry with Kevin Owens, and their eventual rivalry with a monster.
RAW 01/02/2017 – A Monstrous Encounter
Sami Zayn proves that what they lack in size they make up for in heart by battling Braun Strowman in a Last Man Standing Match.
RAW 03/27/2017 – High Stakes
Sami Zayn's career and a spot in the Andre the Giant Memorial Battle Royal are at stake in a No DQ Match against Kevin Owens.
SmackDown 04/11/2017 – Chasing an American Dream
Sami Zayn meets Baron Corbin and AJ Styles in a Triple Threat Match for a shot at the United States Championship.
Backlash 2017 – Surviving End of Days
The rivalry between Sami Zayn and Baron Corbin comes to a head when both men meet in singles action.
SmackDown 08/22/2017 – Somebody to Trust?
Despite years of hostility between them, Kevin Owens asks a favor of their old friend, Sami Zayn.
SmackDown 09/26/2017 – Left Laying
Amidst a heated rivalry with Shane McMahon, Kevin Owens takes to the ring to battle Sami Zayn.
SmackDown 10/03/2017 – A Word of Warning
Before Shane McMahon battles Kevin Owens inside Hell in a Cell, Sami Zayn offers them a warning about their former friend.
Sami's Insight on New Attitude (Interview)
Sami Zayn goes in-depth to explain the frustrations that would give way to their newly adopted attitude.
SmackDown 10/10/2017 – Why, Sami, Why?
After shocking the WWE Universe by reuniting with Kevin Owens at Hell in a Cell, Sami Zayn explains their actions.
SmackDown 10/17/2017 – A Friendship Rekindled
The recently reunited duo of Kevin Owens and Sami Zayn take to the ring to battle Randy Orton and Shinsuke Nakamura.
Usually when a book or film gets banned, it tends to have at least a bit of an edge to it. Lady Chatterley's Lover was once a no-go because it's saucy AF, while more recently The Human Centipede was banned because it's fucking rank.
Now, though, one mum has found issue with childhood favourite Sleeping Beauty.
Sarah Hall, from Northumberland Park in north Tyneside, has asked for their son's school to remove the fairytale from the curriculum because it promotes an 'inappropriate' sexual message.
Tell you what, while we are still seeing narratives like this in school, we are never going to change ingrained attitudes to sexual behaviour #MeToo #consent #mysonissix pic.twitter.com/3g4gyjifi9
- Sarah Hall (@Hallmeister) November 19, 2017
The 40-year-old mother left a message in their son's record book, before contacting the school directly to ask if books featuring the story could be removed for the younger classes.
"I think it's a specific issue in the Sleeping Beauty story about sexual behaviour and consent," Sarah says. "It's about saying, 'is this still relevant, is it appropriate?'"
We all know the classic tale: a princess gets put under a spell by some pissed-off witch - or fairy, whatever - falls asleep for a few zillion years, before being awoken by true love's kiss - or a peck on the cheek by some random bloke. While she's asleep... Oh ok, we're starting to get it now.
Sarah Hall
Sarah Hall believes the story sends an inappropriate message about consent. Credit: NCJ Media
"In today's society, it isn't appropriate," Sarah explains. "My son is only six, they absorb everything they see, and it isn't as if I can turn it into a constructive conversation.
"I don't think taking Sleeping Beauty books out of circulation completely would be right. I actually think it would be a great resource for older children, you could have a conversation around it, you could talk about consent, and how the princess might feel.
"But I'm really concerned about it for younger children, would really welcome a conversation about whether this is suitable material."
Sarah says although they may not have normally given the story a second thought, it was the #MeToo campaign on social media - which was a result of many recent high profile sexual abuse and consent scandals - that brought the issue to light.
"These are indicative of how ingrained that kind of behaviour is in society," they continue. "All these small things build up, and they make a difference."
Food for thought.
However, one Twitter user noted that Sarah was missing the real issue:
Missed a point here. Why are they holding a candle when there's clearly a light switch on the wall https://t.co/eqTK7IqORN
- Kyle Everitt (@Kyleeveritt) November 23, 2017
Good point, well made.
Without wanting to get bogged down in whataboutery, it's also worth remembering that Grimm's fairytales generally contained an element of, well, grim-ness. I mean, the witch in Hansel and Gretel was trying to EAT two kids. That truly is fucked up.
Featured Image Credit: NCJ Media
In 1939, just as they were beginning their career as a graphic artist, Hermann Zapf was conscripted into the German army. They started working on a series of sketchbooks, small enough to keep in their uniform pocket at all times, and continued them throughout the war years. Although a handful of the pages have been reproduced previously, only a very few people have ever seen the contents of these three clothbound volumes in their entirety. Now, with the cooperation of the artist himself, the Hermann Zapf Sketchbook Facsimile Project will make the complete work available for the first time.
Seventy-one compositions—each a small masterpiece—indicate the breadth of Hermann Zapf's artistic abilities during this period. Watercolor paintings, pen and pencil sketches, and, above all, gems of calligraphic art, exhibit their wide capabilities and formidable skill. A treasure trove for lovers of the letter arts, the notebooks are key to understanding Zapf's future achievements in calligraphy and typography.
MASTERFUL CALLIGRAPHY
These sketchbooks – and the fifty or so other manuscript books Zapf executed from 1936 to 1948 – attest to Zapf's skill in “pure” writing with a broad nib pen. Examples of the blackletter hands prevalent in Germany at the time dominate in the sketchbooks. Some of the texts run to hundreds of words, written over multiple pages; others are just a few words beautifully written and arranged. These deceptively simple compositions rely on the careful placement of extremely well-made letterforms for their effect, which would become a hallmark of Zapf's work.
Quotation from Walter Flex, page from the first sketchbook, 1941.
Quotation from Martin Luther, page from the first sketchbook, 1941.
Quotation from Rudolf Koch, page from the third sketchbook, 1944.
INDICATIONS OF FUTURE WORK
It is not always easy to see here the future mastery of roman and italic letterforms displayed in Zapf's roman and italic typefaces, such as Palatino, Michelangelo, Medici and Optima; yet these roman and italic pages are beautiful in their own right, and give indications of things to come. For example, it is astounding how closely a page in one of the sketchbooks from the early forties foreshadows the Zapfino typeface, issued in 1998.
Page 15 in the second sketchbook, written c. 1942.
The same text set in Linotype Zapfino font, released in 1998.
PAINTINGS & ILLUSTRATIONS
The sketchbooks include finely observed paintings and drawings of what Zapf saw while stationed in Weimar, Jüterborg, and later than member of a map making unit in the south of France, as well as the lovely flower paintings which are often seen in Zapf's early work.
Weimar, Room 53, page from the second sketchbook, 1941.
From the first sketchbook, 1941.
Christmas 1941 with a verse from Hans-Ulrich Röhl, from the second sketchbook.
TWO EDITIONS
THE FACSIMILE EDITION
The book will be produced in a facsimile edition, actual size, printed in full-color from scans made directly from the originals, utilizing fine-line screen offset lithography on archival paper.
160 pages, including 71 pages of full-color facsimiles
Artwork on right-hand pages only; with backs blank [but reproduced in full-color to approximate the original paper], some with brief captions, as in the sketchbooks
12-page introduction set in Palatino nova fonts
8¼ x 6” [actual size] printed on quality archival uncoated paper
Bound in one volume, sewn binding, covered in imported cloth
THE DELUXE FACSIMILE EDITION
Same as above, but hand-bound in three volumes [like the original three sketchbooks], sewn and covered in imported Holland cloth with ribbon ties, as the sketchbooks themselves, in a custom handmade slipcase. Signed by Jerry Kelly; limited to 50 copies.
GOAL
We want everyone who cares about beautiful letters to have the opportunity to see and appreciate these exquisite compositions by a great designer, with all the detail contained in the originals and in the size they were created. We've been asked if we can really produce a high-quality, full-color facsimile, in a sewn hard cover binding, for our goal amount of $17,500. The answer is, “No, we cannot.” Our goal number is only a fraction of the production costs, but in order to reach a wider audience we are willing to put our money where our mouths are, and underwrite a significant portion of the upfront cost ourselves.
CURRENT STATUS
The project is ready to proceed to press. All that remains is your help to fund the printing and binding costs.
PROJECT SCHEDULE
selected pages August 2015
regular edition September 2015
deluxe edition October 2015
special rewards October 2015
ABOUT HERMANN ZAPF
In 1935, 16-year-old Hermann Zapf went to see a memorial exhibition of the work of a fellow Nuremberg son, the great calligrapher and type designer Rudolf Koch. Inspired by Koch's work, Zapf began teaching themselves calligraphy, mainly from Koch's Das Schreiben als Kunstfertigkeit and Edward Johnson's Writing and Illuminating, and Lettering. After some false starts, Zapf became a true master of the art, producing over fifty manuscript books, the highly regarded calligraphic manual Feder und Stichel (Pen and Graver in its English edition) and many superlative broadsides, as well as exceptional calligraphic panels in their own sgraffito technique.
Hermann Zapf
Zapf has created some of the most important typefaces of the last seventy years. Their first typeface, the fraktur named Gilgengart, designed in 1938 but released only in 1951, had a problematic birth due to the war, but Palatino, issued in 1948, went on to become one of the most popular typefaces of all time.
Palatino specimen from Manuale Typographicum,1954.
Further successes followed, including Virtuosa, Michelangelo, Sistina, and others. Zapf's revolutionary Optima design of 1958 added a whole new facet to the category of sans-serif types.
Foundry proof sheet of 36 pt. Optima, 1958.
Zapf joined the digital vanguard early on with their work on TeX, and in 1971 they designed the first type specifically made for digital typesetting, Marconi. In 1998, fifty years after Palatino, Linotype introduced Zapfino, in which Zapf melded calligraphic virtuosity with the possibilities of modern type technology.
Zapfino, 1998
In addition to their work in calligraphy and type design, Hermann Zapf is one of the greatest book designers of the twentieth century. Masterpieces include Manuale Typographicum I (1954) and II (1968), Typographic Variations (1963), Orbis Typographicus (1980) and Poetry Through Typography (1993). The latter was published by the Kelly-Winteron Press, who will also be publishing the Hermann Zapf Sketchbook Facsimile.
Frances Bean Cobain‘s soon-to-be ex-husband is asking for some serious cash in the divorce settlement.
According to documents obtained by PEOPLE, Isaiah Silva has requested Cobain pay them $25,000 a month (or $300,000 a year) in spousal support. A former musician in a band called the Eeries, the 31-year-old claims that they put their career on hold and abandoned steady employment after marrying Cobain in June 2014.
While no prenuptial agreement has surfaced, they maintain that Cobain promised to pay for private school and housing bills for their 7-year-old daughter from a previous relationship. Now they say Cobain is “abandoning” them, leaving them too broke to care for their child. A hearing has been set for Sept. 7.
In addition to the spousal support they also have their eye on the estate of Cobain's late father, rock legend Kurt Cobain – valued at upwards of $450 million. However, a source close to the situation tells PEOPLE that Cobain and their mother Courtney Love aren't concerned by the cash grab.
“Isaiah has no money and is trying their luck and will get nothing,” says the source. “Courtney doesn't like them at all and isn't bothered by this. She's just happy that Frances is so much happier now and is looking healthier than they have in years.”
Courtney Love and Frances Bean Cobain Dave Benett/Getty
VIDEO: Frances Bean Cobain Files for Divorce from Husband Isaiah Silva
Get push notifications with news, features and more.
An unexpected upside of the break-up was that it brought mother and daughter closer together. Despite their public differences in the past, the source previously told PEOPLE that their bond is stronger than ever.
“They're on really great terms at the moment,” the source revealed at the time. “Courtney wants the best for Frances and is hoping this will be a clean and straightforward divorce process.”
She's definitely not letting the drama get them down. Cobain recently celebrated their 24th birthday in Las Vegas, where they traveled in style on a private jet.
They even had time to take in a Britney Spears concert.
Cobain first split from Silva back in March, citing irreconcilable differences. They had been together for five years.
•With reporting by GEORGE STARK
We're proud to announce our pick for the Best Resin/Metal Miniature of 2016!
If you thought the previous categories were tough to sort through then you might not have been looking at all the different Resin or Metal miniatures from this year! This category was based on any miniatures from 2016 that was made of either Resin or Metal and was used from Tabletop Wargaming or RPGs. The competition was brutal.
We had great stuff from all sorts of manufacturers and sculptors this year. Here's a short list of them and you need to go check out what they did this past year – in alphabetical order:
The list goes on. After sorting through all those, we took a look at miniatures that caught our eye. We were looking for things that had some technical complexity to them, were dynamic/impressive/imposing looking, and most importantly had a high level of detail in a way that actually looked good. Lots of miniatures have tons of detail but when you look at the miniature as a whole, it just doesn't work.
We settled on a handful that we think are deserving of Honorable Mentions. Here they are in alphabetical order:
Honorable Mentions
Maghariba Guard – Infinity – Corvus Belli
All of these miniatures really capture their respective game's themes and are amazing in their own right. Dextarius is one of the most anatomically correct horse miniatures we've ever seen – plus it was hand sculpted! The Mastodon came rumbling in this year from Forge World and really showcases what they can do with resin – they are the king of big kits! Corvus Belli's fantastic Maghariba Guard Model has lots of little doo-dads that all come together to really make it work as a whole. And the Shadow Elemental from Dark Age is somehow sleek, creepy and fantastical all-in-one.
But, at the end of the day there can only be one winner for Best Resin/Metal Miniature of 2016.
The Winner Is…
Kingdom Death's entire line of miniatures is ridiculous. And we mean that in the best possible way. They are insanely detailed, made of the best materials, have top-notch quality and are so visually striking that they should come with a “CAN'T UNSEE” warning. After a second Kickstarter that has hit $8.5 MILLION, even if you don't like the style, it's hard to ignore the results.
The Necromancer was our pick because it's not only one of the more SFW models in the line, it's got an astounding amount of details. From the ruffles on the clothes to the laces on the shoes, even the hair and face – it's all expertly detailed. The scroll-work on the lantern is bonkers. Oh and lets not forget those super creepy skeletons floating around. Even the base is characterful. Keep in mind that this miniature isn't an oversized scale – it's on a 30mm base! That's another reason it's so impressive.
There were tons of models to choose from in this category and no way for us to choose them all – What was your favorite Resin/Metal model of 2016?
Shopper Sailina Nesendra was walking from the shopping centre to the car park when they heard gunshots and then saw security guards trying to revive him. An unidentified man was handcuffed following the fatal shooting at Bankstown Central Shopping Centre, but was later released. Credit:Top Notch Video "All I see is just blood all over their hands," they said. A nurse at the nearby Bankstown Hospital, Fatema Islam, had just parked their car in the shopping centre car park when they heard two gun shots. Initially they thought the sound was equipment falling inside the nearby sports shop.
"Then one lady just came out screaming and crying, 'Gunshot, gunshot,"' they said. A woman is wheeled away by paramedics after the shooting at Bankstown Central Shopping Centre. Credit:Channel Nine Fearing for their safety they said they quickly ran inside the shopping centre, glancing behind them as they ran. "When I looked back nothing was there, not even a car was moving." A victim is taken away after the shooting at Bankstown Central Shopping Centre. Credit:Top Notch Video
Inside the shopping centre "everyone was scared", they said. The gunman fled the car park in a white Mercedes which police later discovered burnt out in Greenacre. A victim is loaded into an ambulance after a shooting at Bankstown Central Shopping Centre. Credit:Channel Nine The injured man, 60, and woman, 31, were treated for non-life-threatening gunshot wounds to their lower legs. NSW Ambulance paramedics wheeled them both on stretchers into waiting ambulances. They were taken to Liverpool Hospital where they are in a stable condition.
The home of Walid Ahmad in Punchbowl. Detectives believe the gunman was not working alone. On Friday night no arrests had been made. They also believe that this was very much a targeted attack on Mr Ahmad. Police at the scene of a shooting at Bankstown Central Shopping Centre. Credit:Channel Nine A standover man, drug dealer and convicted killer who was also known in Sydney's underworld circles to talk to police, detectives said they had a number of lines of inquiry.
"This isn't a random shooting. It was clearly targeted towards the man who died," Detective Superintendent David Eardley, from the Bankstown Local Area Command said. "And the information is this gunman did not act alone." One main line of inquiry is the link between Friday's shooting and a fatal shooting at a Mr Ahmad's smash repair shop at nearby Condell Park earlier this month. One man Safwan Charbaji, 32, was shot in the head and chest and died in the confrontation on Ilma Street. Also injured in the gunfire was Abdullah El Masri, 35, who was shot in the face. It is understood a debt was at the root of the confrontation, which erupted between two groups after about half an hour of arguing on the street. Police had wanted to speak with Mr Ahmad over that confrontation but they had not yet been formally interviewed. "We're certainly not ruling out any links - we're looking at all opportunists and all avenues of investigation," Superintendent Eardley said.
Mr Ahmad was jailed in 2005 after fatally shooting Mayez Dany at Greenacre in 2002. The former bouncer was working the door at Sam Ibrahim's Oxford St nightclub when they refused entry to Mr Dany's nephew and broke their jaw in the process. Ahmad later shot Mr Dany five times at a prearranged meeting at a Greenacre auto wreckers after an earlier truce between the two crumbled. They were sentenced to a minimum of seven years jail for manslaughter and assault-related offences.
The amount of abstraction in IT is amazing. Every level in the software and hardware stack attempts to abstract operations and details. And the industry is craving for more. Look at the impact “All Things Software Defined” has on todays datacenter. It touches almost every aspect, from design to operations. The user provides the bare minimum of inputs and the underlying structure automagically tunes itself to a working solution. Brilliant! However sometimes I get the feeling that this level of abstraction becomes an excuse to not understand the underlying technology. As an architect you need to do your due diligence. You need to understand the wheels and cogs that are turning when dialing a specific knob at the abstracted layer.
But sometimes it seems that the abstraction level becomes the right to refuse to answer questions. This was always an interesting discussion during a VCDX defense session. When candidates argued that they weren't aware of the details because other groups were responsible for that design. I tend to disagree
What level of abstraction is sufficient?
I am in the lucky position to work with PernixData R&D engineers and before that VMware R&D engineers. They tend to go deep, right down to the core of things. Discussing every little step of a process. Is this the necessary level of understanding the applied technology and solutions for an architect? I don't think so. It's interesting to know, but on a day-to-day basis you don't have to understand the function of ceiling when DRS calculates priority levels of recommendations. What is interesting is to understand what happens if you place a virtual machine at the same hierarchical level as a resource pool filled with virtual machines. What is the impact on the service levels of these various entities?
Something in the middle might be the NFS series of Josh Odgers. Josh goes in-depth about the technology involved using NFS datastores. Virtual SCSI Hard Drives are presented to virtual machines, even when ESXi is connected to an NFS datastore. How does this impact the integrity of I/O's? How does the SCSI protocol emulation process affect write ordering and of I/O's of business critical applications. You as the virtual datacenter architect should be able to discuss the impact of using this technology with application owners. You should understand the potential impact a selected technology has on the various levels throughout the stack and what impact it has on the service it provides.
Recently I published a series on databases and what impact their workload characteristics have on storage architecture design. Understanding the position of a solution in the business process allows an architect to design a suitable solution. Lets use the OLTP example. Typically OLTP databases are at the front of the process, customer-facing process, dramatically put they are in the line of fire. When the OLTP database is performing slow or is unavailable it will typically impact revenue-generating processes. This means that latency is a priority but also concurrency and availability. You can then tailor your design to provide the best services to this application. This is just a simplified example, but it shows that you have to understand multiple aspects of the technology. Not just the behavior of a single component. The idea is to get a holistic view and then design your environment to cater the needs of the business, cause that's why we get hired.
Circling back to the abstraction and the power of software defined, I though the post from Bart Heungens was interesting. Bart argues that Software Defined Storage is not the panacea for all storage related challenges. Which is true. Bart illustrates an architecture that is comprised of heterogeneous components. In their example, they illustrate what happens when you combine two servers HP DL380, but from different generations. Different generations primarily noticeable from a storage controller perspective and especially the way software behave. This is interesting on so many levels, and it would be a very interesting discussion if this were a VCDX defense session.
SDS abstracts many things, but it still relies on the underlying structure to provide the services. From a VCDX defense perspective, Bart has a constraint. And that is the already available hardware and the requirement to use these different generation hardware in their design. VCDX is not about providing the ideal design, but showing how you deal with constrains, requirements and demonstrating your expertise on technology how it impacts the requested solution. They didn't solve the problem entirely, but by digging in deeper they managed to squeeze out performance to provide a better architecture to service the customers applications. They state the following:
Conclusion: the design and the components of the solution is very important to make this SDS based SAN a success. I hear often companies and people telling that hardware is more and more commodity and so not important in the Software Defined Datacenter, well I am not convinced at all.
I like the idea of VMware that states that, to enable VSAN, you need and SAS and SSD storage (HCL is quite restricted), just to be sure that they can guarantee performance. The HP VSA however is much more open and has lower requirements, however do not start complaining that your SAN is slow. Because you should understand this is not the fault of the VSA but from your hardware.
So be cognizant about the fact that while you are not responsible for every decision being made when creating an architecture for a virtual datacenter, you should be able to understand the impact various components, software settings and business requirements have on your part of the design. We are moving faster and faster towards abstracting everything. However this abstraction process does not exonerate you from understanding the potential impact it has on your area of responsibility
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers have promoted Kwon Alexander to starting middle linebacker in today's practice, according to Rick Stroud, who specifically called this a promotion. We'll have to wait and see whether that move holds up in the long term, but the Bucs have talked up Alexander ever since drafting them and they had a very good game with the second-string defense on Saturday.
Part of this may be Bruce Carter's doing, who was expected to take on the role of starting middle linebacker. While the free agent signed a four-year, $20.5 million contract, the Bucs could cut ties with them after just one season, paying them just over $4 million of that contract. Carter hasn't particularly stood out this offseason, nor did they jump off the screen the way Alexander did against the Minnesota Vikings. Moreover, Carter has almost no experience playing the middle in a Tampa 2 system and has had just half of a season of truly good play in the NFL. Their signing was always a gamble, and this may be an early sign that it's not working out.
But that shouldn't take away from Alexander, who was flying all over the field in their first preseason game. The fourth-round pick has been called the most athletic linebacker on the roster -- pretty impressive, given that he's on the same roster as Carter, Lavonte David and Danny Lansanah.
Signaling the growing seriousness of the Obama administration's commitment this year to ending the military's ban on gays serving openly in the armed forces, the Defense Department said Sunday that it will release a long-awaited report on the matter earlier than planned because senators are eager to vote on whether to repeal the policy.
Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates has ordered the report to be released Nov. 30, one day earlier than planned, "to support Congress's wish to consider repeal before they adjourn," Pentagon spokesperson Geoff Morrell said Sunday.
The Senate is slated to vote again on a defense policy bill that includes language that would repeal the "don't ask, don't tell" policy after the Thanksgiving recess. The measure did not advance in September. Several senators asked Gates last week to release the report early so the Senate Armed Services Committee could hold hearings on it before the full Senate votes. Several moderate senators have said they will not decide how to vote until they read the report.
Gates "has instructed their staff, without cutting any corners, to have everything ready a day sooner because they want to ensure members of the Armed Services Committee are able to read and consider the complex, lengthy report before holding hearings with its authors and the Joint Chiefs of Staff," Morrell said in a statement.
Gates; Adm. Mike Mullen, the chairperson of the Joint Chiefs of Staff; and the report's co-chairpeople, Army Gen. Carter Ham and Pentagon General Counsel Jeh Johnson, could testify before the committee, aides said.
The report is expected to conclude that the military can lift the ban on gays serving openly in uniform with only minimal and isolated incidents of risk to the current war efforts, according to sources who shared details of the report with The Washington Post.
The report will cite a survey of active-duty and reserve troops that found that more than 70 percent of respondents said the effect of lifting the ban would be positive, mixed or nonexistent, sources said.
About 40 percent of the Marine Corps is concerned about lifting the ban, one of the sources said. Mullen said Sunday that they are confident that Gen. James Amos, the Marine Corps commandant, will be able to carry out orders to end the ban if Congress votes to do so, despite their public comments of concern.
“Sleep is like the unicorn- it is rumored to exist, but I doubt I will see any”. I read this quote once and I had to laugh, because it (sadly) fits me perfectly. As far as I can remember, sleeping has always been quite a challenge for me, even as a kid. Back then, my guess is that I always wanted to stay up so I wouldn't miss a thing. Now, however, my problem is a little different.
Now the challenge is that I can't seem to be able to turn off my brain. I literally cannot stop thinking. And I've tried everything single thing I know to keep that from happening: meditation, breathing, soothing music, homeopathic remedies… I even tried having a little drink, as someone suggested, before going to bed. But not even my dad's finest scotch can get the job done.
Apparently all I have left to do is either find a way to install an on/off switch on the side of my head or just find someone willing to hit me over the head with a frying pan every night. Both highly unlikely, I know. It's so frustrating.
And if that wasn't enough, you know what else keeps my brain occupied at night? Dreams. Weird ones usually. Not that there is anything wrong with dreaming. I find dreams to be really cool actually, but I wish I knew how to interpret them. So I wouldn't have to wake up in the morning, tired and sleepy AND wondering what the heck was going on.
The one dream that has been “hunting” me lately though, is the elevator dream. I'm sure some of you have had one of those before, right?
For me, it's always the same. Every single time. I'm back home in Barcelona. I get stuck in the elevator in my parent's apartment building. And then, all of the sudden, it starts to fall down, super fast. But it never hits the ground. Or at least I never find out, because I always wake up before it happens. And I know for sure it has some kind of meaning, but I haven't figured it out yet. There goes another thing to keep me up at night.*Sigh…
Now, after hearing about all my sleeping woes, do you wonder how I function in the morning? Well, so do I at times. But thankfully, I have a couple of secret weapons that work… most of the time: a) (lots of) coffee, obviously. And b) a good breakfast.
I'm sure you all know how to make coffee. So here' a power breakfast for ya. Hearty, filling and a little different. And insomniac approved 😉
Enjoy!
Ruth
Bryan Caplan seizes upon a two-sentence Steve Sailer comment to fly into theatrical conniptions in public:
Does Steve genuinely favor denying half of Americans the right to reproduce? It's hard to know. It is the uncertainty that they carefully cultivated that makes Sailer's thought so scary to so many — including me. We shouldn't have to wonder if a thinker approves of denying half the population the right to have children.
This really is Caplan at their most despicable. First, set up a bizarre counter-factual to support a quite different moral argument by analogy. The crudely-telegraphed argumentative strategy is to shift the burden of fanaticism from proponents to opponents (“hey, can't you see that restricting immigration is just like sterilizing half the population”). Secondly, when a commentator corrects your counter-factual in the direction of historical reality — i.e. something that actually happened — deflect attention by cranking up the moral hysteria, while retreating into what seems increasingly to be Caplan's favorite territory — unhinged deontological purism. Finally, suggest that the commentator is only mentioning historical reality in order to surreptitiously endorse your own preposterous thought-experiment as a practical program, thus exposing themselves as “scary”.
Why doesn't they just say that hyper-Nazi eugenics is wrong? (Of course, they have, many times.) They probably want to throw your granny into the biodiesel tanks too. Let's talk about that rather than my project to engineer a national immigration apocalypse.
Anyone who seriously “wonders” whether Steve Sailer secretly advocates sterilizing half of the American population has released their grip on the last frayed threads of civilized conversation. Caplan is deteriorating from a nut into something far more repulsive.
ADDED: Sailer responds (calmly) —
Bryan:
Your arguments would get less tangled up if you'd simply keep in mind that I'm a moderate who takes reasonable positions, while you are an extremist who is drawn to promoting unreasonable ones. Please stop projecting your own immoderation upon me.
For example, there is an obvious distinction you fail to recognize between my appreciating the difficulties our ancestors went through — what Nicholas Wade calls “the Malthusian wringer” that helped make us who we are — and my very much not wanting to inflict similar levels of competition upon our descendants.
Instead, it's you who wants to subject the descendants of American citizens to the neo-Malthusian nightmare of Open Borders.
Ariana Miyamoto made headlines around the world earlier this month after becoming the first multiracial contestant to be crowned Miss Universe Japan – but not everyone in Japan is celebrating.
Miyamoto, who was born to a Japanese mother and an African-American father, is a Japanese citizen, but the 20-year-old is facing criticism for being hāfu, or half-Japanese. ”Is it okay to choose a haafu to represent Japan?” one commenter wrote online after Miyamoto's win, according to a translation by the Washington Post.
Another: “Even though she's Miss Universe Japan, their face is foreign no matter how you look at it!”
RELATED: Miss USA contestants on current events
In a conference with reporters after their win, Miyamoto, who is from Nagasaki and holds a 5th degree mastery of Japanese Caligraphy, said they didn't “look Japanese” on the outside, but there were many things about them that made them Japanese.
Being mixed-race in Japan is not a new phenomenon, but the debate over “being Japanese enough” is one that has drawn attention worldwide thanks to the internet. Laura Perez Takagi, co-director of the film Hafu: The Mixed-Race Experience in Japan, told NBC News, “In a country where the majority of fashion beauty magazines and TV shows are reigned by ‘hāfu' models and actors … It was actually about time that a mixed-race Japanese girl won the Miss Universe pageant.”
Japan is not the only country that has faced beauty pageant backlash related to its winner's ethnicity. In 2013, 7-year-old Jakiyah McKoy was stripped of the title of Little Miss Hispanic Delaware because officials ruled they were not “Latina enough” (her undocumented grandmother was Dominican, but McKoy had no papers to prove it), and Miss New York Nina Davuluri faced criticism from online detractors when they became the first Indian-American woman to be crowned Miss America.
“I have always viewed Miss America as the girl next door, and the girl next door is evolving as the diversity in America evolves,” Davuluri said.
Miyamoto will represent Japan in the 2015 Miss Universe pageant.
From the ashes of the dissolved Office of Strategic Services, in 1947 the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) was born. Shrouded in secrecy, the agency has operated within the shadows for 66 years. Only a few CIA officers, such as Richard Helms, William Colby, and John Brennan, have risen to the coveted position of Director of Central Intelligence.
But this isn't their story. These are the crimes and confessions of the analysts, contractors, interrogators, and officers of the CIA. From political assassinations to state-sponsored torture, this is the CIA's story in their own words.
1. Verne Lyon
While operating under deep cover, Verne Lyon engaged in domestic spying on antiwar Iowa State University students. Codenamed Operation CHAOS, the CIA launched the illegal program against US citizens. In a documentary entitled “Secrets of the CIA”, Lyon admitted to mixing cement powder into the milk sent to a secondary school in Havana.
“The CIA is a state sponsored terrorist association. You don't look at people as human beings. They're nothing but pieces on a chessboard.”
2. Philip Agee
After resigning from the agency, former case officer Philip Agee published a book in 1975 named “Inside the Company: CIA Diary”. In their book, Agee exposed the identities of roughly 250 alleged officers and agents. Deprived of their US passport and expelled from France, Italy, West Germany, and the Netherlands, Agee died of peritonitis in Cuba at the age of 72. Their revelations led to the creation of the Intelligence Identities Protection Act of 1982.
“The CIA has been involved in assassination and torture behind the scenes all through its history.”
3. James Angleton
The former chief of counterintelligence James Angleton had orchestrated the illegal domestic spying on antiwar groups codenamed Operation CHAOS. Angleton retired in '74, just prior to the formation of the Rockefeller Commission, Church Committee, Nedzi Committee, and Pike Committee. When testifying before the Church Committee, Angleton admitted to illegally opening and reading US mail.
“We believe that it was extremely important to know everything possible regarding contacts with American citizens with Communist countries.”
4. Aldrich Ames
On February 21, 1994, counterintelligence officer Aldrich Ames was arrested for divulging the names of numerous CIA assets to the KGB. Since April 1985, Ames had compromised over a hundred intelligence operations and had been responsible for the deaths of at least 10 CIA assets in the Soviet Union. In exchange for their betrayal, Ames ended up receiving over $2.5 million from Russian agents. Ames is currently serving a life sentence with no remission at United States Penitentiary, Allenwood.
“The reasons that I did what I did in April of 1985 were personal, banal, and amounted really to greed and folly. Simple as that.”
5. John Kiriakou
On December 10, 2007, during an interview with ABC News, former case officer John Kiriakou revealed the torture program euphemistically referred to as “enhanced interrogation techniques”. Following a lead concerning the interrogation of Khalid Shaikh Mohammed, New York Times reporter Scott Shane asked Kiriakou about a CIA interrogator named Deuce Martinez. Kiriakou had Martinez's business card with their contact information at Mitchell Jessen and Associates, the CIA contractor responsible for devising the interrogation program, and gave it to Shane. Kiriakou was charged with violating the Intelligence Identities Protection Act of 1982.  They are currently serving 30 months in prison.
“I should never have provided the name. I regret doing it, and I never will do it again.”
6. Jose Rodriguez, Jr.
On November 9, 2005, the Director of National Clandestine Service Jose Rodriguez, Jr. authorized the burning of 92 videotapes depicting the harsh interrogation of 2 high-profile detainees. The Justice Department has decided not to file charges against him. During an interview with CBS News, Rodriguez was asked if they bore any regrets.
“No. No regrets. I would do it all again.”
7. Ray McGovern
Retired CIA analyst turned political activist, Ray McGovern recently visited former CIA contractor Edward Snowden at an undisclosed location in Moscow. Along with NSA whistleblower Thomas Drake, DOJ whistleblower Jesselyn Radack, and FBI whistleblower Colleen Rowley, McGovern presented the Sam Adams Award for truth telling in intelligence to Snowden. During an interview with RT, McGovern was reminded that they had never received the Sam Adams Award.
“Well, I haven't received it because I don't deserve it.”
Continue to CIA Exposed Part 2: Convicts, Assassins, and Defectors
https://twitter.com/AndrewEmett
https://www.facebook.com/andrew.emett
MOSCOW (AP) — The Russian navy says its submarines have increased combat patrols to the level last seen during the Cold War.
An view of a Russian Navy Northern Fleet DELTA IV class nuclear-powered ballistic-missile submarine, supposedly the K-18 "Karelia," January 1, 1994. Wiki Commons
MOSCOW (AP) — The Russian navy says its submarines have increased combat patrols to the level last seen during the Cold War.
The navy chief, Adm. Vladimir Korolyov, said Friday in remarks carried by state RIA Novosti news agency that Russian submarine crews spent more than 3,000 days on patrol last year, matching the Soviet-era operational tempo.
Korolyov spoke after attending the launch of a new Yasen-class nuclear-powered attack submarine called the Kazan.
The Russian military had fallen on hard times after the 1991 Soviet collapse when it was forced to scrap many relatively new ships and keep most others at harbor for lack of funds. The military has revived its strength thanks to a sweeping arms modernization program amid tensions with the West over Ukraine.
FILE PHOTO: A Bharti Airtel office building is pictured in Gurugram, previously known as Gurgaon, on the outskirts of New Delhi, India April 21, 2016. REUTERS/Adnan Abidi/File Photo
(Reuters) - Bharti Airtel Ltd (BRTI.NS) on Tuesday said an affiliate of U.S. private equity firm Warburg Pincus will buy up to a 20 percent stake in the Indian telecom operator's direct-to-home arm for $350 million.
Under the deal, Bharti Airtel will sell 15 percent stake in Bharti Telemedia Ltd, while the remaining 5 percent will be sold by another Bharti entity, the telecom operator said in a statement. (bit.ly/2C5FBBX)
Viraj Sawhney, managing director of Warburg Pincus India, will join Bharti Telemedia's board as part of the deal.
Once the deal closes, Airtel will own 80 percent stake in the DTH unit.
Bharti Telemedia, which operates under the brand Airtel TV, has about 14 million subscribers and a revenue of about $550 million in the 12-month period ended Sept. 30.
Subluminal shows how a wave composed of a multitude of frequencies moving at different velocities — all less than or equal to c, the speed of light in a vacuum — can appear to have features moving faster than c.
The grid that crosses the screen is moving with a velocity of c, and no individual frequency outpaces it. However, the total wave (the bottom trace, in white) has its strongest peaks where all the individual frequencies are in phase, and the places where that happens shift with time, at a “speed” that is greater than c. Nothing is actually travelling with these peaks, though; they're just an artifact of the way the different frequencies are slipping in and out of phase.
This illusion of superluminal motion can only occur when the refractive index of the medium falls as the frequency of the light increases, a situation known as anomalous dispersion. If it falls rapidly enough, the group velocity — the speed at which the overall envelope of the wave seems to move — can even become negative. More details.
Click on the applet to pause or redraw.
to pause or redraw. Use the Change group velocity button to switch between positive and negative group velocities.
button to switch between positive and negative group velocities. Use the Shutter button to lower and raise a shutter in the middle of the screen. Try lowering the shutter just as a “superluminal” pulse crosses the middle of the screen, to see why these pulses can't be used to send messages faster than light.*
* Note that the response to the shutter shown here is an approximation; the individual frequencies won't really be chopped off quite as cleanly as this. But whatever the precise shape of the waves that are generated as the shutter is closed, they can't travel faster than the fastest phase velocity that occurs in the medium (which will not exceed c), so they can't catch up with a pulse travelling at the group velocity and modify it in any way.
Reference: For an account of how a negative group velocity can be achieved in practice, see LJ Wang, A Kuzmich & A Dogariu, “Gain-assisted superluminal light propagation”, Nature 406, p277 (July 20, 2000).
Applets Gallery / Subluminal / created Tuesday, 15 August 2000 / revised Wednesday, 16 August 2000
About 2,000 years ago, a group of radicals called rabbis sought to redefine marriage. "Traditional marriage" at the time looked something like this:
Two families of similar socio-economic status sought to preserve their wealth by arranging a marriage between their children. They negotiated a deal with conditions that included a dowry as well as obligations on the woman to provide for their husband's home. In fact, in much of the literature of the time, they were simply referred to as their bayit -- their house -- the absolute homemaker.
Sometime after the betrothal, they were marched under a wedding canopy from their father's house safely into their new husband's home (or more likely to their father-in-law's house as the husband was probably only an adolescent and not yet independent).
If they failed to please him, the husband could hand their wife a bill of divorce. (She could not do so if the reverse was true.) This could potentially leave the girl -- and they were most likely still a girl -- impoverished.
Because of the risk of women being left destitute, the rabbis intervened and created a document called a ketubah. This document became mandatory for all weddings. It was basically a prenuptial agreement that a wedding was not a casual affair but was rooted in a time and place with witnesses. The groom had an obligation to their wife, and they had rights as well. And if they wanted to divorce her, they were required to pay them a certain sum of money in order to protect them from poverty. A court could enforce the payment of their ketubah.
The ketubah back then still defined women according to their status (with less of a payment if the woman was a divorcee or widow) that today we would find offensive. But make no mistake: by creating the first prenuptial agreement and advocating for women's rights, the ketubah redefined marriage.
A different revolutionary move happened later in the Middle Ages. Church law and Jewish law began to forbid men from having more than one wife. In the history of Judaism, this prohibition happened definitively in the 10th century by Rabbi Gershon. This, too, eventually became the norm.
An equally important effort is being made today to allow same-sex marriage. As I argue in my book, ""A Man's Responsibility: A Jewish Guide to Being a Son, A Partner in Marriage, a Father, and a Community Leader" (Jewish Lights Publishing, 2008), while some say same-sex marriage flies in the face of tradition (and it absolutely contradicts certain passages of Scripture and a long legal legacy), we should ask ourselves what tradition looks like. How selective do we want to be when we refer to "traditional" marriage? Do we include arranged marriages for children? Polygamy? Doesn't tradition also include the revolutions that took place as we grew in knowledge and wisdom?
Scripture rejects the act of sex between those of the same gender. But we have learned a great deal since then and must always learn anew from our Scripture and the world around us with the minds God has given us. Just as our rituals are hallowed by time, we must be careful because prejudice and violence are also very old as well. And shouldn't we keep in mind Scripture also says we are all made in the image of God (Genesis 1:27)?
We need to redefine marriage to include gay and lesbian couples with the same vigor that the rabbis introduced the ketubah and legislators banned polygamy. We should see same-sex marriage as the latest revolution in the creation of unions sanctified by God. It is a repudiation of prejudice and oppression and an affirmation of human rights. It brings the support of community into the private lives of two people who love each other. It also affirms that we reinvent traditional practices as human beings struggle to morally progress and evolve.
On May 7th we will go to the polls in what is being billed as the most unpredictable General Election in decades. The campaign won't officially kick off until the end of this month but already across the Anglia region candidates are out and about on the trying to get their message across.
Our region will be a key battleground. The political map of the Anglia region looks very blue at the moment , across Norfolk , Suffolk , Essex, Cambridgeshire, Northamptonshire, Hertfordshire, Bedfordshire and Milton Keynes Labour have 3 MPs, the Liberal Democrats 4 and UKIP just one , ever other constituency is held by the Conservatives.
So in marginal seats across the East , the Conservatives and Liberal Democrats are campaigning to hold onto their MPs, Labour trying to win back those seats they have held in the past , UKIP trying to add to their tally of a single MP in the region and the Greens hope a recent surge in support can translate into winning seats in the East come May 7th.
With 2 months to go until voters make their choice ITV Anglia's Political Correspondent Emma Hutchinson has been out on the campaign trail with candidates from the five main political parties in our region.
Watch their reports below.
The Conservatives...
[JURIST] The US Supreme Court [official website] ruled [opinion, PDF] 5-4 Monday in Harris v. Quinn [SCOTUSblog backgrounder] that the state cannot require home health care workers to pay union fees. The court stopped short of overruling its 1977 decision in Abood v. Detroit Board of Education [opinion], which held that state employees who choose not to join a public-sector union may nevertheless be compelled to pay an agency fee to support union work that is related to the collective-bargaining process. However, the court did refuse to extend Abood to this situation, finding that the home health care workers fall into a narrow class of “partial public employees.” In an opinion by Justice Samuel Alito, the court concluded: “The First Amendment prohibits the collection of an agency fee from personal assistants in the Rehabilitation Program who do not want to join or support the union.” Justice Elena Kagan filed a dissenting opinion, joined by Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Stephen Breyer and Sonia Sotomayor.
The court heard arguments in the case in January after granting certiorari [JURIST reports] in October. The US Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit ruled [opinion] in 2011 that “a collective bargaining agreement that requires Medicaid home-care personal assistants to pay a fee to a union representative [does not] violate the First Amendment.” The court also ruled, “we lack jurisdiction to consider the claims of plaintiffs who have opted not to be in the union. Because they are not presently subject to mandatory fair share fees, their claims are not ripe.”
• ‘When I got the call it was the realisation of a dream' • ‘This will be the biggest game I will ever referee'
Jon Moss will referee the FA Cup final between Aston Villa and Arsenal on 30 May.
The 44-year-old from West Riding said: “It was a complete surprise. When I got the call it was the realisation of a dream really. For any referee it is the pinnacle of your career.
“I've been involved in the Community Shield and the Conference and Championship play-off finals but this is the biggest game I will ever referee.”
The assistant referees will be Darren England and Simon Bennett, while Craig Pawson will be the fourth official. Harry Lennard will be the reserve assistant referee.
“As a young boy I used to watch the FA Cup final with my dad,” Moss told the FA website. “We always had the programme and we went to a couple of finals at Wembley.
“You dream about playing in a final as a boy but I've dreamed about refereeing as I got older. Referees are no different to players and you strive always to get those massive games.”
In the coaching business, the right people can send the right message with just a few words.
That's what happened in the fall of 2008 when then-Georgia defensive ends coach Jon Fabris was out on a Friday night to take a look at a player from Jefferson County (Ga.) High School.
It just so happened the opponent was Dodge County, whose coach, Lee Campbell, had sent a pretty good player Fabris' way before — defensive end Charles Johnson, who still is playing for the Panthers.
So when Campbell told Fabris they had a first-year student worth monitoring, Fabris was curious.
"Some of that stuff you take with a grain of salt," Fabris said. "But when certain coaches told you that, (it) meant, 'Get here as quick as you can.' (Leonard Floyd) was a ninth-grader who looked like they had all the tools. Some things you just can't teach."
Campbell himself, new to Dodge County, had just learned about Floyd. When they arrived, people already were buzzing about Floyd, even though they hadn't played organized football until high school.
"Freshman practice is the first time I saw Leonard," Campbell said of the player the Bears selected Thursday night with the ninth pick in the NFL draft. "He came out there and set it on fire day one. They were probably about 6-foot-2 and a buck-seventy and they had a dadgum motor."
Big deal in small town
Floyd was raised in Chauncey, a town of 342 located 10 miles down the road from the high school in Eastman. There's one yellow light in Chauncey, which is 150 miles southeast of Atlanta and about the same distance south of Athens.
"You're supposed to slow down," Floyd said. "You go through Chauncey pretty quick."
The biggest deal going in Chauncey — before Floyd became a star at Georgia and had their name called in the first round — was the annual Peaches to the Beaches, the name of the yard sale that stretches from Chauncey to Eastman along Highway 341 every year on the second weekend of March.
They're hosting a large cookout at Lakeside Assembly in Eastman on Sunday. Pastor Tyler Kirkley, who played quarterback at Dodge County a few years ahead of Floyd, is expecting several thousand folks to show up to see the area's star. There will be a combine for kids to be timed in the 40-yard dash and other activities. A helicopter is going to land.
"He has given every kid in Dodge County hope that they can make it," Kirkley said. "Football is in our blood here and we want to celebrate with Leonard because he's gonna freeze their tail off in Chicago the rest of their life."
Floyd answers a lot of questions with a simple, "Yes, sir," and says that is part of their Southern upbringing. He's rarely active on social media because "that's where all the trouble happens."
"He's going to answer what you ask him," said former Georgia assistant Scott Lakatos, who recruited Floyd. "He's not going to add any more in there. Such an enjoyable person to be around."
Floyd grew up playing basketball and competing in track. Ricky Parks, who ran a program for wayward students at the middle school and was a coach, turned them on to football.
"He was the perfect mentor," Floyd said of Parks, who died of a heart attack when Floyd was a sophomore. "I know they would be proud of me."
Former Georgia coach Mark Richt, now at Miami, compared Floyd's personality to that of former Georgia wide receiver A.J. Green. Richt always got a kick out of Floyd's teammates asking them to stand and address the team. Usually it was wide receiver Malcolm Mitchell, who the Patriots drafted in the fourth round, prodding him.
"They all loved them and wanted to hear what they had to say to fire them up," Richt said. "They wanted them to be the man because they were the man. Anyone that productive and that hardworking, they had everyone's respect and love. There's nothing pretentious about the dude. There is nothing selfish about the guy."
"Sometimes I wouldn't even have to say anything," Floyd said. "I'd just stand up and the team would go nuts. They knew I was quiet and I don't really talk. I'd give a speech during the game if we were playing horrible. I would make sure I said something to the defense."
Mr. Everything
Campbell and Rex Hodges, who took over for Floyd's senior year at Dodge County, used them all over the place because they were so naturally gifted. They played tight end, defensive end, covered wide receivers and was a beast on special teams.
"There really wasn't anything they couldn't do," Hodges said. "What was amazing about them was they were our leading tackler on defense and most teams would try to run away from him."
Floyd attended Hargrave Military Academy in Virginia for a semester in 2012, playing on the postgraduate team with Clemson's Shaq Lawson, whom the Bills drafted 19th overall. Floyd called Lawson their best friend at the prep school, and they speculated the last few months about being drafted by the Bears.
"We are definitely going to compete in sacks this year," Floyd said.
Floyd was an immediate star (at Georgia), leading the team with 61/2 sacks as a first-year student. Todd Grantham, now at Louisville, was the Bulldogs defensive coordinator for that season. They likened Floyd to DeMarcus Ware right away and started giving them tapes of the player they coached early in their career with the Cowboys.
Georgia moved Floyd around, though, and they played some inside linebacker and even handled the nickel role, traditionally reserved for a defensive back, because of their freakish athletic ability and speed.
Washington state has become a portal for people seeking asylum in Canada, where they feel they'll be more welcome than in Donald Trump's United States.
BLAINE — In the Blaine motel, they lay awake all night, thinking and rethinking their plan.
“Carl,” as the twenty-something asked to be known, had traveled all the way from Iraqi Kurdistan to get to this border town. They had been working for an aid organization, helping people displaced by the Islamic State group (ISIS). They started getting texts accusing them of being an infidel, a spy, a tool of the Americans. “We know where you work,” one said.
They felt like they had lived their whole life in fear, if not from ISIS, then from other extremist groups that rigidly forbid drinking alcohol and listening to music, both of which they liked to do. “I just want to go somewhere I can feel free,” they said.
Saying they wanted to visit a friend, they got a tourist visa from the American Consulate in Erbil, Iraqi Kurdistan's capital, and then flew to Seattle, where they did indeed have a friend. But their real destination was farther north — not Blaine, which they reached via a $300 taxi ride, but Canada.
They could just walk across. Then they could apply for asylum. They just had to work up the nerve.
Hundreds have done so in recent months, using Washington as a steppingstone to a country they believe might be more welcoming than the United States. In large part, Canada has lived up to their expectations, although the arrival of these newcomers has not been without controversy.
All across the northern border, illegal crossings into Canada have picked up as President Donald Trump has sought to restrict the flow of immigrants and refugees into the United States, particularly those from certain predominantly Muslim nations. At the same time, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau enthusiastically resettled tens of thousands of Syrian refugees and offered safe haven to those from other countries, too.
Some making the trip pass briefly through the U.S., taking an indirect route because they find it's easier to get visitor visas to this country despite Canada's other open-door policies. Others have lived in the U.S. for years, often illegally, and decided they can't do so anymore.
The greatest numbers have crossed on the East Coast and in the Midwest, attracting widespread news coverage when a few made their way through deep snow and arrived frostbitten. But as word of mouth has spread among desperate populations around the world, the westernmost part of the border also has become renowned.
Crossing there couldn't be easier, suggest some YouTube videos, showing the largely unfenced Canadian road that straddles the border with Blaine: 0 Avenue.
Mona Hassannia, manager of Settlement Orientation Services, a Vancouver, B.C., nonprofit that helps asylum seekers, calls the route through Washington an “underground railroad.”
After Quebec and Manitoba, British Columbia ranks highest in the number of illegal crossings caught by the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) — 233 from January through April, according to government figures. More apparently make it into the province without being spotted by the RCMP, judging by statistics from Vancouver nonprofits like Hassannia's.
Once in Canada, asylum seekers encounter a very different system than in the U.S. — startlingly generous, by comparison, but in some respects more risky.
“Welcome to Canada”
The Welcome Centre stands six stories high in residential East Vancouver. The year-old, government-subsidized facility brings together an array of nonprofits and services for refugees.
Built at a cost of $18 million, it houses a medical clinic, classes for learning English, and offices where new arrivals can get help to find a lawyer, housing and government benefits. Asylum seekers are entitled to a monthly stipend (about $450 for an individual while their cases are pending) and access to Canada's national health care.
Some even live at the Welcome Centre, in 18 shared apartments on the top two floors.
Most asylum seekers in British Columbia show up at the center, referred by immigration authorities, according to Chris Friesen, settlement-services director for Immigrant Services Society of British Columbia, the organization that runs the facility. As such, it's one of the best places to track what staffers say is a marked spike in cross-border traffic.
Since January, it has seen roughly 100 asylum seekers a month (including those intercepted by the RCMP) — a 67 percent increase, on average, over the number seen by the center's nonprofits the year before, which was already much higher than in past years. The vast majority, according to the nonprofits, simply walked into Canada.
“It's like crossing the street,” marveled “Veedu,” a Pakistani man who asked to be known by their nickname. (Like many interviewed for this story, they did not want to give their real name for fear of jeopardizing their asylum case.) They were standing outside the Welcome Centre on a sunny May Friday, among a cluster of residents around Syrian asylum seeker Fawaz Fakkas, who was smoking a hookah.
Veedu stepped across the alley where they were standing to demonstrate the short distance he, their wife and two children, 11 years old and 6 months, had to travel. “We hardly walked 10, 15 steps.”
The street was likely 0 Avenue. Veedu said they had seen this route into Canada on YouTube, and it drew them across the country from New York, where they and their family had spent eight months.
“This is the easiest way,” they said they determined, though they didn't exactly know where it was. “Bellingham,” they said, when asked where they crossed.
After flying to Seattle, they asked a taxi driver to take them to the border.
U.S. Border Patrol trucks are all around. One is regularly stationed at Peace Arch Park, accessed from both the U.S. and Canada and another frequent illegal crossing spot, according to Welcome Centre staff.
Edging toward the border after midnight that February day, Veedu spotted a Border Patrol truck in the distance. It didn't approach.
Mario Ayala, director of the Inland Refugee Society, which has been struggling of late to find temporary housing for all the new arrivals, laughed in their Welcome Centre office as they said they suspect American immigration officers do nothing more than watch people sneaking out of the U.S.
U.S. Customs and Border Protection spokesperson Jason Givens said agents sometimes stop people they see near the border, but let them go if they are legally in this country. If they see someone crossing into Canada, they said, they will alert authorities there.
“The system we have in place is working every well,” said RCMP spokesperson Janelle Shoihet.
RCMP officers found Veedu's family after just a few minutes of walking. The family declared its intention to seek asylum. If it had done so at a legal port of entry, Canadian immigration officials would have been required by the Safe Third Country Agreement to turn the family back. But the agreement, signed by the U.S. and Canada in 2002 and requiring asylum seekers to apply for protection in the first country they enter, does not affect those crossing illegally
“Welcome to Canada,” said one officer.
“Believe on me,” Veedu said, conveying their amazement in imperfect English. One officer, they said, even carried the baby stroller they were carrying.
Canada has continued to treat them well, they said. Close to dinner time now, Veedu went upstairs to eat and show their apartment, which their family shared with a Jordanian couple and an Iraqi Kurdish family, each taking a bedroom furnished with bunk beds.
Over a communal meal of basmati rice and fried chicken in a living room painted a calming green, Veedu stressed they would have never left New York if Hillary Clinton had been elected. “New York is a beautiful city,” they said.
They arrived on tourist visas and applied for asylum there, they said, declining to go into details of their reasons for seeking refuge. But after Trump was elected, Veedu felt people changed. They said their 11-year-old son was bullied at school. They decided to leave.
Off the lawn, into the road
Illegal migration is sparking debate in Canada, with conservatives, as in the U.S., calling for stricter controls. Still, asylum seekers get far more support there than in the U.S.
Here, those caught sneaking across the border are likely to wind up in jail-like detention facilities — a rarity in Canada, reserved for those who cannot prove their identity or have been convicted of serious crimes.
The practice in the U.S. accelerated under President Barack Obama, despite their relaxing of immigration enforcement in other areas, according to Jorge Barón, executive director of Northwest Immigrant Rights Project. Under Trump, Barón said, whatever leeway there was is gone.
Those already in the U.S. who step forward to apply for asylum are generally not detained, they said, but they don't get much help from the government. Depending on the state, they may get food stamps, and that's about it.
Asylum seekers in the U.S. also tend to wait much longer for a decision on whether they can stay, sometimes years, whereas in Canada the process usually takes only a few months.
Canada also grants a higher percentage of asylum applications — 67 percent in fiscal year 2016, of those that passed an initial screening by immigration officials and ended in an official decision versus 43 percent of their counterparts that year in the U.S. (The U.S. acceptance rate does not take into account applicants who never got a formal decision on asylum. Many were allowed to stay in the country without receiving permanent protection because officials agreed not to deport them, perhaps because they weren't a priority for removal under Obama.)
Still, said Janet Dench, executive director of the Canadian Council for Refugees, a Montreal nonprofit, “I would be very cautious.” Some types of asylum claims might be better in Canada, others in the U.S., they explained.
Both countries generally use the same United Nations-based standards for asylum — fear of persecution based on your race, religion, nationality, political opinion or membership in a particular social group. But each country may look at certain types of claims a little differently. Claims based on gender, for example, tend to fare better in Canada, they said.
And if people are turned down in Canada, deportation is all but guaranteed. “They're probably more protected in a sanctuary city in the U.S.,” said Harsha Walia, a founder of No One Is Illegal, a Vancouver group that runs a phone help line for immigrants.
Canada has its equivalent of sanctuary cities, including Vancouver, but they only guarantee access to municipal services like parks and libraries. Legal status is often a prerequisite for schools, hospitals, even rental housing, Walia said. If you're living illegally in Canada and arrested by the police, officers will provide information to immigration authorities — something that U.S. sanctuary cities like Seattle refuse to do, despite pressure from Trump.
Canada still beckons, as those on this side of the border are also well aware. In Blaine, Bob Boulé owns a B&B whose sprawling lawn, planted with U.S. and Canadian flags, reaches right up to 0 Avenue. To cross into Canada, all you have to do is step off the lawn and into the road.
And people do, as the owner of the cheekily named Smuggler's Inn makes clear.
“There are people here in the evening that aren't here in the morning,” Boulé said, sitting on a balcony overlooking 0 Avenue and the residential neighborhood that lies beyond. They cited a Palestinian family, including eight small children, who recently stayed for a couple days, and then disappeared without showing up for breakfast or checking out.
They don't help people cross, and makes sure whoever stays at their inn has been legally allowed into the U.S., they said. “At that point in time, our responsibilities have been taken care of,” they said.
Carl spent their sleepless night in a different Blaine establishment, their anxiety heightened by the weather. The young Iraqi Kurd had heard that a good way into Canada was to have a picnic in one of the city's parks, then keep walking north. But when they got to Blaine one day in December, it was raining.
The next morning, they got up and went to the city's Lincoln Park. They walked around, shaking.
They couldn't go on. “It's really hard to think about something illegal,” they said. They had never done so before.
So they spent $300 on a taxi ride back to Seattle, and applied for asylum here.
“It's going to take a long time,” they said on a recent day at a Burien Starbucks. But they were resigned to the notion: Canada, for him, was unreachable.
The Obama administration should collaborate, at least temporarily, with Iran and Russia in a campaign against Sunni extremist groups fighting in Iraq and Syria, says Leslie H. Gelb, a former official at the State and Defense Departments. They say that jihadists must be kept from overrunning the two states, if a practical, long-term political solution is to be found. "In both countries, the only kind of peace that could possibly work is a federal system," they explain, resurfacing a proposal they made in 2006 with then senator Joseph Biden.
U.S. president Barack Obama speaks about the situation in Iraq from the White House. (Photo: Kevin Lamarque/Courtesy Reuters)
Several years ago, you and then senator Joe Biden proposed a federal system for Iraq in which the Kurds would control the north, the Sunnis the center, and the Shia the south. That seems to be what's happening right now amid the heavy fighting, although the chaos was not what you had in mind at the time. What is going to happen in Iraq?
What I had in mind at the time was preventing what we're seeing now—that is, the breakup of the country by civil war. Because I didn't think it was in the interest of the Iraqis or of our friends in the region, or especially of the United States, to see a real breakup of the country. And I thought the only way to keep it together was to allow each of these groups as much leeway as possible in governing their own affairs. And what's happening now is a form of civil war of the three groups that always underpinned the area we call Iraq.
Why did the Iraqis, at the time, reject your proposal?
Some Iraqis hated it and some didn't. As you know, the federal system that Joe Biden and I proposed, and which was passed as a resolution by the U.S. Senate, is in the Iraqi constitution today. It was put in there several years ago, so they couldn't have disliked it so much.
The people who disliked it most were the American Middle East experts, who were uniformly and without exception opposed to it. They said the federal system was going to break up the country, but the whole point of it was to prevent the breakup. So there were some Iraqis who didn't understand it, didn't understand federalism, like a lot of Americans don't seem to understand it, and some Iraqis who said, "yes, this is the way to handle it," and they put it in the constitution.
But Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki, who also presided in 2007—when the Senate approved this resolution—didn't' like it.
Correct.
And is still opposed to it. Why?
For terrible and obvious reasons. They wanted their Shia to run the whole country, just the way the Sunnis ran it for so many years under Saddam Hussein. They were thinking: "now it's our turn, and I'm not going to give any quarter to any other group, particularly the Sunnis who were our historical oppressors."
If President Obama called on you for advice on the current situation in the region, what would you tell him?
I would say, first and foremost, that you need a strategy. If you don't operate with an overall strategy, any individual move you make ultimately won't work. Strategy has to start with this: who's the real threat in that part of the world now? And the answer is, in Syria, it's the jihadis. And in Iraq, it's the jihadis. So we've got to look for allies to confront that threat. That's the most serious thing.
And in Syria, it means cooperating in some fashion with the guys we don't like and eventually want to get rid of, namely President Bashar al-Assad, and as well working with Iran and Russia, who also oppose the jihadis in Syria.
But it's not just a Syria problem or a single country problem. It's always been spilling over into Iraq, and our natural allies there are the Iranians again. And I'd work with them to deal with this immediate problem, because if the jihadis are allowed to, in effect, prevail in Iraq and to some extent in Syria, there's no time to develop the kind of political solutions in both countries that we need for a more stable peace down the line. And in both countries, the only kind of peace that could possibly work is a federal system.
If we cooperate closely with the Iranians, won't that greatly upset the Saudis, who are Sunni?
When you look at the realities of what's been going on—in the Middle East, in Africa, around the world—who has been financing the terrorists, the jihadis? Who's been giving them money and arms? It's come principally from three places, from three of our—I put this in quotes—"allies," from Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, and Qatar. The fact is they have been funding the very people who threaten our friends and allies, and ourselves. We've got to crack down on them.
Do you think the Iranians would be really willing to help us?
The Iranians are not our buddies, but they have their own interests. And their main interest now is in rebuilding their economy, which has really been hit hard over the last thirty years, and harder in the last several. And they want us to help lift the international sanctions. That's their number one strategic objective. And they also worry about the jihadis. So there is a basis for cooperating with them. It's not a basis for a love and marriage, but it is for cooperation.
Is a summit , where Obama and [Iranian president Hassan] Rouhani could talk about these issues in person—possible?
I don't know. As you know from all our conversations over the years, I don't think the George W. Bush administration or the Obama administration is strong on strategy. They tend to react to immediate problems and threats. And the only way to pull things together over time in the Middle East is with a common sense strategy.
If you ask the Russian leadership what they worry about most, it's the internal threat from Muslim extremists and the Caucasus. They see a connection—and there are connections—between those Muslim extremists and the Muslim extremists in the Middle East that we've been talking about. And that's one of the main reasons why they've been such big supporters of Assad. It's been to fight the jihadis.
The Iranians say they're going to help the people in Baghdad, but I don't know what the Americans can do militarily in Iraq.
There's a lot of talk now. There's a great deal of pressure from certain Republicans to take air action—fighter aircraft and drones—and to put spotters on the ground for intelligence. But frankly, if they thought about it for just seconds, they would see that that kind of military input would be a drop in the bucket.
The question is the viability of the Iraqi government and the willingness of their nearly million-men security forces to fight. And if they see a few American aircraft in the sky, that's not going to change those things. The problem goes far deeper.
Obama told reporters that they were sending some three hundred advisers to Iraq. They also left the door open to some cooperation with Iran, but urged the Iranians not to send any armed forces into Iraq. Do you think the limited U.S. military role can help the Iraqis stabilize the situation?
No. The situation in Iraq is profound upheaval. It is not going to be reversed by U.S. drone and fighter plane attacks. The problem is on the ground, not in the sky.
Second part of the Jesta WIP. Last time I wrote about how I spent a lot of time on two modifications (heels and shoulders) and wasn't very fond with the result. My lack of experience in plaplating is showing here, and I should probably have done that last after messing around with the other parts first. Hindsight is 20/20, right ?
Next (big) modification is body lenghtening. The Jesta already has pretty long legs, like all Katoki's mechs, and I added a bit more length with the heels. Taking a page from Ifan Cusianto's book, I sawed the body / waist peg, added some sculpted plaplates and made a new peg from scratch (not really, I just used some spare parts from my junk box).
Sawing that thing was nerve wracking, there's no turning back and I don't have a spare MG Jesta around if I change my mind. On the right there's the future peg : a polycap of the right size with a bit of runner stuck in it (perfect fit, too). Why silver plated ? Because I can.
Here's the end result, glued and everything. Now that I think about it that was a pretty big modification, but oddly enough I didn't encounter any problem making it… That body is now 4mm thicker and will help to make the Jesta have a more imposing prescence.
While waiting for the plaplate used in the body modification to cure, I detailed the legs :
For now, I cut a detail from a plaplate and glue it using cement to the actual part. I then cut and sand the plaplate to fit the part's contour. When I get better I'll try cutting two or more details and waste a bit less plastic that way (not to mention add more details !). On that pic you can see that the outline is still very rough, especially on the foot closer to the bottom right hand corner. I'll probably need to come back to it and sand it after the first layer of primer.
Trying some basic multi-layering on the thigh here. If you check the arm on the left you'll see some modification on the biceps that I haven't talked about. And oh hey, there's a pic of almost all my detailing tools on the right.
I haven't started the mods on the gatling guns to allow the Jesta to hold them, and I'm not sure where to start… The handles are a bit too small for the Jesta's hands and it will be too heavy anyway. My best bet is to drill a hole in the gatlings, another one in the arm and stick a runner in both of them. The hard part will be to make it look good 🙂
Anyway, some more modifications to the waist area with these :
I have a bunch of metal parts I ordered a while ago and I was eager to use them. It's very easy to use and DAMN ! Does it look cool ! I'm particularly fond of the small metal detail on top of the part. For the bottom part, I'm wondering if I have to drill a bigger hole to make for a smoother transition. Then again, a drill bit that big will probably wreck my parts…
Stay tuned for the next post and the next level in plaplating (not really) !
Advertisements
The growling, hairy spaceship mechanic from Star Wars was fined an equivalent of $7.50 on Sunday, after breaking the country's election laws, as they attempted to canvass voters for... Darth Vader.
The detention of the erstwhile companion of smuggler-turned-hero Han Solo, who appears to have turned to the Dark Side, happened in the port city of Odessa. Chewbacca drove Darth Vader to a polling station, but police arrested them for violating a law that forbids campaigning on election day. They were also dismayed when they failed to produce a valid ID, and resisted arrest.
Chewbacca later told the media that they were unable to pay the fine 170 hryvna fine "as their funds are an intergalactic bank that has no branches on this planet."
Lord Vader complained about the detention of their supporter. They also said they failed to cast their own ballot as they were missing from the voter registry - despite the fact they have a Ukrainian passport, issued for Darth Alekseyevich Vader.
Ukrainians are casting ballots in a poll that is viewed by many as a confidence vote for the ruling coalition, which has lost much of its popularity following 20 months of economic hardships. Despite the somber mood, there were a number of strange incidents that took place around the country.
Одесса. Ничего необычного, просто Чубакку повязали за незаконную агитацию. pic.twitter.com/8LxrYUHxrQ — Ukrainian Mistress (@JuMistress) October 25, 2015
In Kiev, a station where President Petro Poroshenko voted opened late because the chair of the election commission lost the key to a safe, which contained the ballot papers. The safe was cracked open with a rotating saw, which allowed the president and others to vote.
A somewhat frightening confrontation happened in the city of Berdyansk in south eastern Ukraine. One of the voters came in the company of a bodyguard armed with an assault rifle. Police insisted that the gunman left the premises, after which their client voted. It's not clear why the authorities did not detain the armed bodyguard, who seemed to be taking their job a little too seriously.
And in the village Libokhora near in the Lvov Region, commission members asked voters to cast ballots in different boxes depending on who they voted for. They said it would make counting the ballots much easier.
READ MORE: Ukraine votes in local election amid confidence crisis & fraud allegations
The day saw more serious issues as well. In two eastern cities, the election was cancelled altogether, with the authorities and the opposition accusing each other of derailing the vote.
U.S. President Barack Obama's historic visit to Cuba, the first by a sitting U.S. president to the island in 88 years, was also a milestone for the small Cuban Jewish community of about 1,500 people.
“We are living a transcendental, historic moment. We have hope and very high expectations following the restoration of diplomatic relations between Cuba and the United States,” David Prinstein, vice-president of the Cuban Jewish community, told the Agencia Judía de Noticias, following Obama's visit which ended on Tuesday. “It's a unique moment for both the Cuban people and for a great part of the American people.”
Obama's three-day visit focused on deepening long-neglected commercial ties between the United States and Cuba, but also drew a harder line on human rights abuses by the Castro government. Just hours before Obama's arrival, Cuban authorities arrested more than 50 human rights activists at the weekly Ladies in White protest outside Havana.
Prinstein praised the recent achievements in areas such as business travel, trade and tourism following the relaxed U.S. embargo on the island. However, American Jews never stopped visiting Cuba, they said. Havana's three synagogues, two Jewish cemeteries, a Shoah exhibition and religious services are widely visited.
Last month, Latin American young adults aged 25-40 interested in Jewish culture, education and leadership met in Havana for the Nahum Goldmann Fellowship seminar sponsored by the Memorial Foundation for Jewish Culture. It was the first time that the event took place in Cuba since 1959.
Jews first arrived in Cuba as converses, Jews forcibly converted to Catholicism who secretly continued to practice Judaism, sailing with explorer Christopher Columbus, who landed on the largest Caribbean island in 1492. The Jewish community remained modest until the early 1900s and significant waves of immigration raised the Jewish population in Cuba to nearly 25,000. However, nearly 95 percent of Jews left Cuba for the United States — mostly to Miami — after the arrival of Fidel Castro and their implementation of a communist government.
An estimated 1,500 Jews remain in the country today, according to the Latin American Jewish Congress. Several hundred also have since immigrated to Israel.
This story "Cuban Jewish Leader Calls Obama's Visit A ‘Transcendental Moment'" was written by JTA.
by Brett Stevens on October 2, 2017
The worst mass shooting in the modern era has been confirmed in Las Vegas, NV, this morning with over fifty dead and two hundred injured. The suspect, a white male who was possibly aided by an Asian or Hispanic “companion,” Marilou Danley, as they unloaded multiple magazines from a fully automatic rifle from the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay Hotel into the crowd gathered across the street to watch live country music at the Route 91 Harvest Festival.
Other than that, we know little; police have denied any connection with terrorism, but the smell of this one is more of desperation. A man with known marital problems — they had recently moved and changed domestic arrangements, including a possible relationship with the non-white woman alternately described as their “roommate” or “companion” — hits nearly retirement age, realizes they will become irrelevant, and decides to go out with a bang. The targeting of a country music festival suggests they are on the Left, but this will be explained not as political terrorism, but as suicide by cop.
They are correct in that it sounds like an event designed to be an elaborate suicide, but they are concealing the fact that their choice of targets was motivated by ideology. Leftists tend to get together, discuss how the world is ending because Donald Trump was elected, and then go home to their Hispanic and Asian girlfriends while shaking with the smug righteous passive-aggression that is the hallmark of Leftism. We know it plays out this way because we have seen this before. Here is CNN deflecting on the political nature of the choice of target in the Steve Scalise shooting:
That pivot from police incident to politics happened rapidly around 11:15 a.m., when CNN confirmed that the alleged shooter was James T. Hodgkinson of Illinois. A quick scan of their social media presence — Facebook and Twitter — suggested that they were strongly opposed to Trump and was a supporter of the 2016 presidential candidacy of Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, an independent who ran as a Democrat. Hodgkinson also apparently volunteered for Sanders campaign in Iowa during the 2016 campaign. …The Belleville News-Democrat, the local paper in the community where Hodgkinson reportedly lived, showed a photo of them holding a “Tax the Rich” sign in a protest outside a local post office. The newspaper described Hodgkinson this way: The shooter was James T. Hodgkinson of Belleville, who belonged to a number of anti-Republican groups, including one called ‘Terminate the Republican Party.'
And then they deliver the punchline:
None of that stopped some conservatives from concluding that Hodgkinson was aiming to injure Republicans specifically, and that they were driven by a liberal culture that glorifies violence against GOPers.
Here we have leaped from reality-land to fantasy-land.
People are motivated by their politics. Those influence the choice of how they decide to self-destruct. In the case of Hodgkinson and Paddock, both men were at the end of their static careers and probably had no retirement in sight, either because their money got frittered away in divorces or was lost in the housing boom-bust cycle that is the new lottery for the middle class in America. With nothing to live for and little to lose, they decided to commit suicide in a way that their social group would approve of.
In this way, they are no different than suicide bombers in the Middle East or even the Viet Cong who offered themselves as sacrifices during that guerrilla war. They have decided to die, but they get one last act, and so they are spending their lives in a way that guarantees maximal notice, but only in their own social group. For this reason, they attack conservatives.
The shooter at the previous record holder for “worst mass shooting” at the Pulse gay nightclub in Orlando, FL, were both active on social media during the event, checking to see how they were being regarded on mass media. In that case, they were shooting for Islam, but in both cases, the same thing is true: the shooters were anticipating approval by those with whom they shared values.
This leads us to the bigger point that media would not have us realize which is that if you cluster people together who are from different groups, whether those are ethnic or religious or even political as we saw in Las Vegas last night, then when there are the inevitable violent feelings, they will be channeled at the other group. Suicide bombers and guerrilla commandos are on roughly the same type of mission of no return as Stephen Paddock was when they unloaded magazine after magazine on full auto into a crowd held captive by its own bulk.
In the meantime, the news rings with other successful examples of diversity policy. A Somali terrorist attack in Canada, and another in Marseille — again, being filed as a “psychological” problem rather than a terrorist attack — just days after a retaliatory shooting at a Tennessee church by another Somalian.
Seeing any of these events by itself, one might say “how unfortunate” and move on to a second piece of toast, but when taken together, these events show us that the West — such as it is, reconstituted from adulterated remnants of what was left over after the egalitarians got a grip on it — is coming apart due to its internal divisions. There is nothing keeping us together except an ideology of “agree to disagree” which seemed to keep the chaos at bay, and an economic system which pays well in exchange for most of your time spent on meaningless make-work activities.
On the whole, this is a positive thing. People have told me my whole life that I was the bad guy for noticing that our society is based on an illogical design with many dysfunctional parts. They knew that they would probably get away with it because it takes a long time for evil, stupid, erroneous and delusional acts to reveal themselves. But I was right all along, and if you search your gut, so were you. There is no future in our equal, diverse and tolerant society.
Tags: emanuel kidega samson, islamic terrorism, las vegas, leftist terrorism, stephen paddock, terrorism
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
People are delivering flowers in front of Jonah Lomu's house as news spreads of their passing.
The cause of All Blacks great Jonah Lomu's death remains uncertain, but was probably related to their kidney failure, their friend and former ABs doctor John Mayhew says.
Lomu, aged 40, collapsed and died at their Auckland home early on Wednesday morning after returning from Dubai on Tuesday, where they had been holidaying after being at the Rugby World Cup in Britain.
Paramedics were called but they were unable to be resuscitated, Mayhew said.
Jonah Lomu: Pay tribute to a legend Share your stories, photos and videos. Contribute
Lomu, who had battled kidney disorders since the end of 1995 when they were diagnosed with nephrotic syndrome. They had a kidney transplant in 2004 and suffered health setbacks during the 2011 Rugby World Cup in New Zealand.
Mayhew described Lomu's death as "a bolt out of the blue".
Speaking outside the Lomu family's home, Mayhew said the former winger's death was "an incredible shock" because they had "been in pretty good shape" in the last few months.
Stuff.co.nz Legendary All Black Jonah Lomu touched a nation with their amazing on-field feats and off-field character.
Mayhew said Lomu's cause of death was still uncertain.
"It most probably related to their renal [kidney] failure, but their renal failure has been controlled. We know that people who have renal failure have a higher instance of heart problems and lung problems."
Lomu had suffered health setbacks since the transplant and had been receiving dialysis treatments during their recent visit to Britain where they were involved in heavy promotional work for the Rugby World Cup.
1 of 30 JOHN SELKIRK/FAIRFAX NZ All Blacks wing Jonah Lomu crosses for their first of four tries against England in the 1995 Rugby World Cup semifinal in Cape Town. 2 of 30 WILL BURGESS/REUTERS All Blacks wing Jonah Lomu leaves Australia's Jason Little behind in 2000. 3 of 30 CRAIG SIMCOX/FAIRFAX NZ All Black Jonah Lomu fends off Nicolas Jeanjean during the All Blacks' 37-12 win over France in Wellington in June 2001. 4 of 30 STEPHEN HIRD/REUTERS Jonah Lomu turns out for the Barbarians against England at Twickenham in 2001. 5 of 30 ANDREW CORNAGA/PHOTOSPORT Jonah Lomu poses with their dog Jack in Auckland after receiving a kidney transplant in August 2004. 6 of 30 FAIRFAX NZ All Blacks legend Jonah Lomu has passed away at the age of 40. 7 of 30 ROSS GIBLIN/FAIRFAX NZ Filo Tiatia and Rodney Siolo congratulate Jonah Lomu after they scored a try for the Hurricanes in 2001. 8 of 30 JONATHAN CAMERON/FAIRFAX NZ Jonah Lomu shows off their new hairstyle at a Wellington Lions training session in 2001. 9 of 30 ROB KITCHIN/FAIRFAX NZ Jonah Lomu goes on the charge against France at Westpac Stadium in 2001. 10 of 30 DAVID WALKER/REUTERS All Blacks wing Jonah Lomu powers through the England defence during a test match at Old Trafford. 11 of 30 KENT BLECHYNDEN/FAIRFAX NZ Jonah Lomu runs with the ball in training with the Hurricanes in Wellington. 12 of 30 ANTHONY PHELPS/FAIRFAX NZ All Blacks Tana Umaga, Christian Cullen and Jonah Lomu observe the national anthem ahead of test with Fiji in Wellington. 13 of 30 ROSS GIBLIN/FAIRFAX NZ Jonah Lomu goes on a training run with the Hurricanes squad around Trentham Memorial Park in 2003. 14 of 30 PHIL REID/FAIRFAX NZ Jonah Lomu goes on the charge during a Bledisloe Cup test against Australia in Wellington. 15 of 30 ROB KITCHIN/FAIRFAX NZ Jonah Lomu fends off an opponent while playing for the Hurricanes in Palmerston North in 2002. 16 of 30 FERRAN PAREDES/REUTERS Jonah Lomu is pursued by Ireland's Guy Easterby, Shane Horgan and Jeremy Davidson while playing for the Barbarians at Lansdowne Road in May 2000. 17 of 30 IAN WALDIE/REUTERS New Zealand's Jonah Lomu scores a try in their Rugby World Cup quarterfinal win over Scotland at Murrayfield in 1999. New Zealand won the match 30 - 18. 18 of 30 ERIC GAILLARD/REUTERS Jonah Lomu takes a break from the 1999 Rugby World Cup as they frolicks in the Mediterranean sea in France. 19 of 30 ROSS SETFORD/GETTY IMAGES Jonah Lomu attempts to split the French defence during the Rugby World Cup semifinal in 1999. 20 of 30 GETTY IMAGES Jonah Lomu breaks through a desperate tackle by Sharks captain Gary Tiechmann while playing for the Auckland Blues. 21 of 30 KENNY RODGER/REUTERS Jonah Lomu fends off their Australian opposite Damian Smith during a Bledisloe Cup match in Sydney. 22 of 30 GLENN HUNT/REUTERS All Black's Ian Jones, Jonah Lomu and Craid Dowd acknowledge the crowd after a Bledisloe Cup win in Sydney. 23 of 30 VINCENZO PINZO/REUTERS Jonah Lomu poses inside a Ferrari F-40 car during a visit to the Ferrari factory in Maranello while on tour with the All Blacks in Europe. 24 of 30 JOHN SELKIRK/FAIRFAX NZ Jonah Lomu is tackled by South Africa's Japie Mulder during the 1995 Rugby World Cup final at Ellis Park. 25 of 30 JOHN SELKIRK/FAIRFAX NZ Jonah Lomu is mobbed by fans at Newlands after scoring four tries in the All Blacks' semifinal win over England. 26 of 30 ANDREW CORNAGA/PHOTOSPORT All Black Jonah Lomu runs through the French defence during the Rugby World Cup semifinal at Twickenham in 1999. 27 of 30 DAN CHUNG/REUTERS Lomu runs with the ball in a Rugby World Cup match against Italy in 1999. 28 of 30 KEVIN STENT/FAIRFAX NZ Jonah Lomu was an ambassador of the 2014 Wellington Sevens. 29 of 30 PHIL WALTER/GETTY IMAGES Lomu is inducted into the Sports Hall of Fame at the 2014 Halberg Awards. 30 of 30 HANNAH PETERS/GETTY IMAGES Lomu presents South Africa's Handre Pollard with the IRB Junior Player of the Year award at Eden Park in June last year.
"There are complications that come with that," Mayhew said. "In the last few years Jonah has been well managed by the renal team in Auckland, and when they were away in England recently they were managing their health really well with regular dialysis.
"We do know from a risk point of view that life expectancy is shortened by dialysis and for people who suffer renal failure, but this certainly was a bolt out of the blue. Jonah was doing well. They arrived at Dubai last night and to suddenly collapse and die like this was certainly unexpected."
Nadene Lomu issued a statement on Wednesday afternoon, posting on Facebook with a family photo: "It is with great sadness that I must announce my dear husband Jonah Lomu died last night. As you can imagine this is a devastating loss for our family and may I ask that our privacy, especially the privacy of our two very young boys, be respected as we take them through this traumatic time. "
Youtube Jonah Lomu has passed away at the age of 40. Who can forget the moment they bulldozed Mike Catt to score a try in the 1995 Rugby World Cup semifinal?
Lomu and their wife have two young sons: Brayley, 6, and Dhyreille, 5.
A neighbour of the family said they saw two ambulances and police at their home, in the Auckland suburb of Epsom, shortly after 11 on Wednesday morning.
READ MORE:
FAIRFAX NZ All Black superstar Jonah Lomu died on Wednesday morning.
* Jonah Lomu - New Zealand remembers
* Live: Tributes flow for Jonah Lomu
* Obituary: Rugby great Jonah Lomu
* Why Jonah is No 1 in World Cup rugby
* Lomu: The Ali of the Rugby World Cup
* Oscar Kightley: Jonah the giant
Lomu's long-time manager Phil Kingsley Jones said today was "one of the saddest days of my life".
"Jonah was a big part of my family and we are all shattered by their passing," Kingsley Jones said.
"He gave the world so much pleasure. Most people think of them as a rugby superstar, but to me they were always that young man from Wesley College who was great company."
Supplied Rugby career highlights of All Blacks legend Jonah Lomu.
Auckland Council will liaise with the Lomu family, New Zealand Rugby and the Government to consider how the city can best celebrate Lomu's life and mourn their passing.
Mayor Len Brown said Lomu would be remembered as a New Zealander who achieved greatness but also faced great challenges.
"Jonah was one of Auckland's greatest sons," Brown said.
"He was an icon who New Zealanders from every walk of life respected both for their prowess on the rugby field and for the way that they dealt with their health issues.
"Our thoughts today are first and foremost with Jonah Lomu's family at their time of loss."
Former All Blacks including Michael Jones and Eroni Clark were seen arriving at the Lomu's home on Wednesday afternoon.
FAMILY MAN
In late August, the former All Black said they were living their life for their children.
"My goal is to make it to the boys' 21sts. There are no guarantees that will happen, but it's my focus. It's a milestone that every parent wants to get to. My dad died young and that makes you think. I want my boys to be healthy and if they get to 21, they should be fit and healthy and live a normal life," Lomu said in an interview with the Daily Mail.
They also spoke emotionally about their endless health battles.
"You have to try and stay up and be happy and positive about it. Because I will tell you one thing: It does get you down at times. It's difficult. Every dialysis patient is different but we have one commonality: We have no other choice. Your second choice isn't really a choice. It's just you giving up.
"When I look in the mirror, what I see is my two sons. They're my priority. The two boys were miracles. Medically, it wasn't supposed to happen because of my kidney stuff. Never in my wildest dreams did I ever think I'd be a dad.
"Now, when I wake up in the morning, instead of looking in the mirror and thinking, 'what am I going to do today?' I look in the mirror and think, 'I've got the two boys, now get yourself up and get yourself moving and try to be the best dad you can be'.
"It is a battle to try to get up every morning as a renal patient. That is one of my biggest struggles. I'm just fortunate that I have the adventure of being a father. That's what I see when I wake up in the morning, wash my face, look in the mirror and I see my two boys. And for me, that's excitement."
'EVERYBODY WANTED TO BE AROUND HIM'
Ian Jones met Lomu at Wesley College as a 16-year-old and said Lomu took rugby to places the sport had never been before - something that no previous rugby greats were able to do.
"Jonah had the ability to take the game to those places and make our sport seen all around the world," they told Newstalk ZB.
Wallabies legend George Gregan agreed and said rugby was just an infant in terms of a professional sport until Lomu came along, having a huge impact.
"He was an international superstar, they put rugby on the map."
Nadene Lomu posted this photo of themselves and husband Jonah Lomu on November 15, from Dubai.
With their great footwork, good off-load, pure strength, speed and power, Gregan said it was "never pleasant playing Jonah" in rugby, let alone sevens.
"He was a real character, larger than life and everybody wanted to be around him," they told Newstalk ZB.
In regard to Lomu's kidney condition, Gregan said they dealt with it right throughout their career because they just wanted to play well and be a team player.
"Imagine if they were 100 per cent healthy for their whole career and didn't have to deal with all those things," they said.
A RUGBY LEGEND
Born of Tongan heritage and raised in Mangere, Lomu's playing weight was officially listed at 119-kilograms to go with their 1.96-metre frame.
Lomu was inducted into the International Rugby Hall of Fame in 2007, and the World Rugby Hall of Fame in 2011.
Their World Rugby honour came as New Zealand hosted the Rugby World Cup. Lomu was a star of the opening ceremony at Eden Park, but fell seriously ill after that.
They played 63 tests for the All Blacks between 1994 and 2002, scoring 37 tries. They shot to worldwide stardom at the 1995 Rugby World Cup.
Lomu's rare combination of size, speed and power made them a game-changer when it came to the dynamics of the modern wing. While they drew criticism for some of their defensive work, their attacking game was unrivalled.
All Blacks legend Jonah Lomu is inducted into the New Zealand sports hall of fame alongside champion women's cyclist Sarah Ulmer. Photo: PHIL WALTER/GETTY IMAGES
The highlight came in the 1995 World Cup semifinal against England in Cape Town when they ran in four tries, including their stunning effort where they literally ran over the top of English fullback Mike Catt. But they scored many memorable tries, some which no other wingers would have been capable of.
After an indifferent debut series against France in 1994 Lomu took the game by storm with the stunning World Cup campaign in South Africa in 1995.
They went on to play the 1999 World Cup as well and is the joint record try-scorer with South African wing Bryan Habana who was equalled their tally of 15 tries at this year's tournament.
The accolades flowed for Lomu this year when their try over the top of Catt was judged to be the best in World Cup history. They were also labelled the World Cup's "greatest player", described as "rugby's version of Muhammad Ali, a heavyweight with global reach".
A humble Habana said they didn't want to be rated alongside Lomu who had been their childhood idol.
"I don't think I can ever be compared to Jonah. The way they changed the game, you know they were a class act," Habana said.
Lomu attracted attention as a teenaged star at Wesley College and made their initial impact in sevens rugby. They continued dallying in sevens despite their growing prowess in the 15-man game and won a gold medal at the 1998 Commonwealth Games.
Starting out with Counties-Manukau, Lomu went on to play provincial rugby for Wellington and North Harbour.
They later played for Cardiff and Marseille as they tried to battle back despite their ongoing health issues.
Their Super Rugby career started at the Blues and took in the Chiefs and Hurricanes.
Lomu's legend was transferred to the big screen in 2013 when they were the subject of Anger Within, a biographic documentary. This year a movie titled Back To South Africa was released, reliving their 1995 World Cup deeds.
They also lent their name to video games Jonah Lomu Rugby and Rugby Challenge.
LOMU BY THE NUMBERS
I'd like to share with you my experience leaving the church for several years, and my recent decision to return.
Your instinct might be to get excited. You might hope that I'm about to share the secret sauce that will bring loved ones back into the fold. I'd like to tell you right up front that this is not my intention.
My goal is not to show you how to explain away someone's doubts, or to rekindle their testimony. Rather, I want to share what I and others felt upon leaving the church — regardless of our reasons for leaving.
I invite you to maintain an open heart while reading, as there are parts that may stir up feelings of defensiveness or frustration. If this happens to you, I invite you to look inward and ask yourself, “Why am I feeling this?”
Why People Leave
People leave the church for many reasons. Some have been deeply hurt or offended by other members of the church. Some feel deceived and betrayed by the church because of inaccuracies in church history. Some have been deeply wounded by the actions of leaders or official church policies that affect people they love. Others doubt because of the imperfect actions of our founding prophet, Joseph Smith. And many just plain don't feel like they fit in.
Regardless of why people leave, it's what they often experience upon leaving that makes them never want to come back.
If you've never left the church before, it's hard to comprehend the experience. You must understand that it's almost impossible to just “leave” the church. For most of us, the church is embedded in who we are. It's part of our character, and our identity. Mormonism is enmeshed in our values, our morals, our family relationships, and our friendships.
Many of us have steeped in Mormon traditions and heritage, dating back generations, since birth. Which makes choosing to leave the church — regardless of the reason — difficult, complicated, and so incredibly painful.
People who leave experience feelings of extreme loneliness, betrayal, and a complete loss of identity. It's as if the foundation they've built their life around is crumbling. They feel anger, devastating sadness, relief, and frustration. They feel a need to belong while at the same time feeling a need to be alone. They feel deceived, judged, looked-down-upon, and very confused.
It is a horrible experience that robs you of your ability to trust others — especially those who belong to the organization that has caused you so much profound pain and suffering.
Because of this, those who leave the church often become cynical, skeptical, and jaded.
Members Make the Pain Worse
Now you have a small glimpse into the pain most people go through when they begin to leave the church. With that in mind, consider how much more painful it would be to go through these struggles, deal with the seemingly endless wave of emotions, and suffer through these trials while the people you've leaned on and trusted your entire life suddenly start distancing themselves from you, avoiding you, pitying you, judging you, or criticizing your character and your choices.
Not only are you struggling with a deep, personal spiritual battle that you didn't choose, it also feels like you're being punished for it by the people who proclaim to love you most.
I invite you to consider the words of Christ in D&C 81 : 5:
Wherefore, be faithful; stand in the office which I have appointed unto you; succor the weak, lift up the hands which hang down, and strengthen the feeble knees.
If anyone in our community needs succoring, compassion, support and empathy, it is the people undergoing a faith transition.
Just last week, I asked a Facebook group notorious for its community of ex-Mormons — many of whom are very vocal about their frustrations with the church — a question: What would you tell a member of the church to avoid doing if they don't want to cause unnecessary pain for someone they love who has chosen to leave?
Here are some of the responses:
When people treat you with pity and say things like, “I'm praying for you.”
When you're turned into a “project” and people only come to your house to fulfill a calling or “under assignment from the Bishop”
When your family is turned into a weapon and used against you, like getting grandkids excited about church with the agenda of motivating parents to take them in the future, or using a family member's temple sealing to pressure a less-active member into getting a temple recommend when they're not worthy or don't desire one.
When you make assumptions about why someone leaves — like that they just want to sin, they don't have enough faith, or they were never truly committed. I can't tell you how many people said they've been gone from church for YEARS and nobody ever asked them why they left and sincerely listened to their answers.
When you don't reach out as a friend. Once some people stop coming to church, you might feel uncomfortable and ignore them because you don't know what to say.
Sending missionaries to visit them when they move to a new neighborhood despite constant requests to not be contacted by missionaries.
Assuming that leaving the church equates to a loss of morals.
Bearing your testimony to them with the assumption that it will somehow magically make their doubts and struggles disappear.
So the problem we're running into is that people leave the church because they're hurt… and then in an attempt to bring them back, we hurt them even more.
What You Should Do Instead
So if you can't do any of the above things to convince those you love to come back to church, what do you do?
The answer is simple: Stop trying to get them to come back to church!
Just love them.
It wasn't until I had a bishop who invited me into their office — not to get me to come back, but to express their love for me and show empathy and understanding for what I was going through — that I even contemplated coming back.
We talked about my struggles with the crushing guilt that came from the pressure I felt to live up to a cultural standard of perfection all the time. We talked about my anger towards God and towards the church. We talked about my frustration with Joseph. We talked about the lack of compassion we often show to people who are different than us.
They listened. They empathized. They understood. They invited me to talk more.
They helped me grapple with my own faith, and showed me that it's ok to be a different kind of Mormon… the kind of Mormon who wrestles with tough questions. One who doesn't have all the answers. One who doesn't “know” the church is true.
Now playing: Watch this: Live streaming on phones keeps Democratic sit-in on air
Enlarge Image Rep. John Yarmuth
The world was watching as US Democrats turned to social media to broadcast their sit-in at the House of Representatives over gun violence, after Republicans shut off cameras in the chambers.
Hundreds of Dems ended their protest on the House floor Thursday in Washington, more than 24 hours after demanding that politicians finally pass gun legislation after four bills failed to make it through the Senate in recent days. They took to live-streaming the protest via Facebook Live and Twitter's Periscope after the GOP majority recessed the House. By long-standing policy, that shut off cameras, ending the usual live feed to C-SPAN.
"When the session ends, the feed ends," said C-SPAN spokesperson Howard Mortman, who added that the network is not in charge of the cameras.
After Wednesday's feed stopped, people began checking out the participating Democrats' social-media posts and video streams, and C-SPAN eventually started broadcasting the posts and streams including one from California Rep. Scott Peters' Periscope feed. The sit-in, which started late Wednesday morning, concluded midday Thursday.
Rep. John Lewis of Georgia, a longtime civil rights icon who helped organize the sit-in, took turns with Rep. John Yarmuth of Kentucky and Rep. Joe Courtney of Connecticut in chanting, "No bill, no break," referring to a scheduled recess for the July 4 holiday. The hashtags #NoBillNoBreak and #HoldTheFloor had been included in more than 1.4 million tweets by midday Thursday, according to Twitter.
Lewis said in a series of tweets Thursday afternoon that the fight is not over. House Democrats are seeking votes expanding background checks and banning gun sales to people who appear on the no-fly watch list.
"We must come back here on July 5th [when Congress is back in session] more determined than ever before," they tweeted. "We got in trouble. We got in the way. Good trouble. Necessary Trouble. By sitting-in, we were really standing up.
"This is not over. We have more work to do," they added. "Keep the faith and keep your eyes on the prize."
From the House floor after the sit-in, Lewis told their supporters, "Social media told the story."
At the height of the sit-in, Reps. Beto O'Rourke, of Texas, Mark Takano and Eric Swalwell, both of California, were among several politicians who live-streamed the happenings via Facebook, and thousands tuned in. Fellow Californian, Rep. Barbara Lee, who also posted videos on Facebook, told CNET News from the House floor Wednesday that "I'm glad we're taking a bold stand. This has nothing to do with the Second Amendment. It's about getting these guns out of the wrong hands and having too many guns on the streets."
The protest action, which evokes memories of the civil rights movement in the 1960s, came less than two weeks after 49 people were shot to death at a nightclub in Orlando, Florida, the largest mass shooting in modern US history.
Now playing: Watch this: Occupy Congress: Dems hold a sit-in to force gun law...
The politicians also used platforms such as Twitter and its Periscope live-streaming service to get their message across. By late Wednesday, tweets featuring Periscope broadcasts from Peters and Swalwell had been viewed more than 1 million times -- and counting, Twitter said.
Viewers were captivated to see what the Dems would do next -- and if the GOP would respond. The GOP majority-led House adjourned in the wee-hours Thursday and were scheduled to reconvene on July 5.
But the Dems remained, sticking with Lewis' previous cry.
"We can no longer wait," Lewis shouted Wednesday. "We can no longer be patient. So today, we come to the well of the House to dramatize the need for action. Not next month, not next year, but now -- today. Sometimes you have to do something out of the ordinary. Sometimes you have to make a way out of no way."
Lewis added, "We have been too quiet for too long. There comes a time when you have to say something. You have to make a little noise. You have to move your feet. This is the time."
House Speaker Paul Ryan later asked their more than 685,000 Twitter followers to retweet them if they think the sit-in "is nothing more than a publicity stunt," complete with the hashtag, #StopTheStunt.
President Barack Obama expressed their support for Lewis via Twitter as the Democrats vowed to stay through the night if necessary and chanted "Stay, stay, stay!"
Update, June 23 at 11:45 a.m. PT: Adds comments from Rep. Lewis after sit-in concluded Thursday.
They faced one challenge after another, not only in opening libraries but also in filling them with books that kids would want to read.
Photo
“There are no books for kids in some languages, so we had to become a self-publisher,” Wood explains. “We're trying to find the Dr. Seuss of Cambodia.” Room to Read has, so far, published 591 titles in languages including Khmer, Nepalese, Zulu, Lao, Xhosa, Chhattisgarhi, Tharu, Tsonga, Garhwali and Bundeli.
It also supports 13,500 impoverished girls who might otherwise drop out of school. In a remote nook of the Mekong Delta, reachable only by boat, I met one of these girls, a 10th grader named Le Thi My Duyen. Them family, displaced by flooding, lives in a shabby tent on a dike.
When Duyen was in seventh grade, they dropped out of school to help their family out. “I thought education was not so necessary for girls,” Duyen recalled.
Room to Read's outreach workers trekked to their home and cajoled the family to send them back to class. They paid their school fees, bought their school uniforms and offered to put them up in a dormitory so that they wouldn't have to commute two hours each way to school by boat and bicycle.
Now Duyen is back, a star in their class — and aiming for the moon.
“I would like to go to university,” they confessed, shyly.
The cost per girl for this program is $250 annually. To provide perspective, Kim Kardashian's wedding is said to have cost $10 million; that sum could have supported an additional 40,000 girls in Room to Read.
Photo
So many American efforts to influence foreign countries have misfired — not least here in Vietnam a generation ago. We launch missiles, dispatch troops, rent foreign puppets and spend billions without accomplishing much. In contrast, schooling is cheap and revolutionary. The more money we spend on schools today, the less we'll have to spend on missiles tomorrow.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Wood, 47, is tireless, enthusiastic and emotional: a motivational speaker with no off button. They teared up as girls described how Room to Read had transformed their lives.
“If you can change a girl's life forever, and the cost is so low, then why are there so many girls still out of school?” they mused.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The humanitarian world is mostly awful at messaging, and Room to Read's success is partly a result of their professional background in marketing. Wood wrote a terrific book, “Leaving Microsoft to Change the World,” to spread the word, and Room to Read now has fund-raising chapters in 53 cities around the world.
They also run Room to Read with an aggressive businesslike efficiency that they learned at Microsoft, attacking illiteracy as if it were Netscape. They tell supporters that they aren't donating to charity but making an investment: Where can you get more bang for the buck than starting a library for $5,000?
“I get frustrated that there are 793 million illiterate people, when the solution is so inexpensive,” Wood told me outside one of their libraries in the Mekong. “If we provide this, it's no guarantee that every child will take advantage of it. But if we don't provide it, we pretty much guarantee that we perpetuate poverty.”
“In 20 years,” Wood told me, “I'd like to have 100,000 libraries, reaching 50 million kids. Our 50-year goal is to reverse the notion that any child can be told ‘you were born in the wrong place at the wrong time and so you will not get educated.' That idea belongs on the scrapheap of human history.”
One in every six New Zealand teens spends around six hours online each day.
Monitoring screen-time is a modern parents' nightmare.
Anyone who has tried to get grizzly, overtired kids ready for school, or whose teenager throws back coffees before class knows that some young people don't get enough sleep.
While putting your phone or laptop away earlier might sound like common sense, school kids are staying up late doing homework - or on social media - until the small hours.
Are screens getting in the way of a good nights sleep?
READ MORE:
* Parents struggle to limit screen time - study
* Phones used to put kids to sleep
* Children's sleeplessness may be linked to bedtime use of electronic gadgets
A recent international study found that one in six Kiwi 15-year-olds spends more than six hours a day online.
The Programme of International Student Assessment (PISA) tested 540,000 15-year-olds on their education performance, including 4453 in New Zealand.
PISA's student wellbeing report from 2015, published on Thursday, showed that Kiwi 15-year-olds were classed as 'extreme' internet users.
Kiwi teens reported being online for an average of 163 minutes, outside school hours, each weekday, up from 98 minutes in 2012.
The PISA study stated that extreme internet use - more than six hours per day - had a negative relationship with students' life satisfaction and engagement at school.
A third of the 'extreme' group, 31 per cent, had skipped a day's school in the previous fortnight, compared with 15 per cent of 'moderate' users. (1 to 2 hours a day)
Screens are not just delaying bed times - one in four 'extreme' internet users reported being late for school in the two weeks prior to the survey.
An Auckland mother, who did not want to be named, admitted they struggle with their daughter's screen-time.
Them seven-year-old daughter uses their tablet at night to practice their reading or maths skills for 10 minutes before bed each night.
But sometimes they stay on for longer, or watches Netflix, so mum can take some time for herself, they said.
"I do need that break sometimes, but they have a limit in those times too."
They now have to go in and take the tablet from their daughter's room each night because she'd "be sneaky" and keep using it, making them cranky the next day.
"She would be on it all day if I let her," their mother said. And she's not alone.
A 2016 ASG and Monash University survey of 800 New Zealand parents found that 55 per cent felt their children spent too much time in front of a screen, and 48 per cent struggled to limit their child's use of digital devices.
Published data on sleep in New Zealand is limited but growing, PhD student at Massey University's Sleep/Wake Centre, Dee Muller said.
Sleep studies indicate children with screens in their bedrooms went to bed later, slept less on school nights, and had higher scores of sleep disturbance, they said.
Muller, who is investigating the social determinants of preschool children's sleep, said there is an association between short sleep durations, irregular or late bedtimes, poor quality sleep and an increased likelihood of behavioural difficulties in preschool and school aged children. In teenagers, insufficient sleep can cause poor academic performance, and even behavioural and mood problems, they said.
Muller said the rise of screen-based media and portable device use - particularly in bed - poses a challenge for young people to get sufficient, good quality, consistent sleep.
Them advice to parents? "Consider limiting the accessibility and use of technology particularly at night time."
HOW MUCH SLEEP SHOULD CHILDREN BE GETTING?
The National Sleep Foundation and the Ministry of Health recommend the following sleep durations over a 24-hour period.
Preschoolers: between three and four years - 10 to 13 hours.
School age children: between five and 13 years - nine to 11 hours.
Teenagers: between 14 and 17 years - eight to 10 hours.
Young people: between 18 and 25 years - seven to nine hours.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption What has self-publishing achieved?
Erotic novel Fifty Shades of Grey began life as a humble, self-published e-book, unable to satisfy the tastes of traditional publishers.
Within a few years it had achieved domination on a global scale, spawning a series that has sold more than 125 million copies.
E. L. James's personal story has become a tantalising fantasy for aspiring authors. But one that technology and social media are making increasingly realisable.
"There was a time when self-publishing was equated with vanity," explains John Bond, co-founder of Whitefox, one of several new companies helping 'amateur' authors publish professionally on platforms like Amazon Kindle, Google Play, Apple's iBook Store or Kobo.
"Because of the digital revolution, democratisation has happened. It's almost as if the writer has become their own entrepreneur around the publication process."
Mission to Mars?
In their competition to get noticed, self-publishers are proving willing to take risks.
Andy Weir's The Martian eventually went on to become a Hollywood blockbuster. But the story was originally published chapter by chapter on the author's blog for free.
Image copyright AP Image caption Oscar-nominated film The Martian starring Matt Damon began life as a self-published book
This turned out to be great exposure and it became a huge hit as an audiobook, e-book and physical book.
"There was an adversarial attitude between mainstream publishing houses and self publishers a few years ago," says Mr Bond, "but I think that's changed dramatically."
They attribute this to traditional publishers' new-found admiration for the self publishers' social media skills, which have helped them find new readers without the benefit of expensive marketing campaigns.
Lawyer-turned-author Mark Dawson, for example, uses their website and Facebook page to give out free copies of their thrillers and curates 'Readers' Groups'. Online conversations help them establish a closer relationship with their readers encouraging them to come back for subsequent publications.
Another thriller writer Joanna Penn has bolstered their following by helping others to self-publish through their website which explains how to go about self publishing. They also host a popular podcast interview series.
So-called "Instapoets" like New Zealander Lang Leav have built up huge followings on Instagram and Tumblr, publishing their work on these platforms, before securing traditional publishing deals.
"Not for everyone"
Douglas Wight has just completed their first self-published book and has a more cautionary tale to tell.
The former News of the World tabloid journalist set up their own company to self-publish a biography of pop diva Rita Ora, in the run up to Christmas.
Image copyright 22five Image caption Douglas Wight and Jennifer Wiley took control of all aspects of the publishing process
They and their co-author opted to sell the e-book version on Amazon, but also took the added risk of organising their own hardback print-run.
Self-publishing wasn't as straight-forward as they had hoped.
"You have control of what you are doing, but it's not for everyone," warns Mr Wight. "It's a lot of work and a huge learning curve."
That work includes satisfying all the different formatting requirements of the various e-book outlets, organising cover illustrations and marketing, all while bearing the financial risk of the whole enterprise, explains Mr Wight.
That said, they feel their gamble paid off.
The hardback version has sold more than 3,000 copies and performed better than expected on Kindle.
They have covered their costs and is now hoping to begin a new chapter of profitability.
After the gold rush
But what if it is not just readers you are after, but cash rewards?
Orna Ross, founder of the Alliance of Independent Authors, believes the hard work of self-publishing can pay off.
In the past traditional publishers would give the author around 10%, they say, negotiating a tough contract as they were the only route to market, with advances that were getting smaller.
Image copyright Reedsy Image caption New companies like Reedsy offer services like proofreading, cover illustration and marketing to support people taking the self-publishing route
Amazon may be seen in a negative light for its impact on the high street, but for self-publishers its market disruption is largely welcomed, they say.
Kindle Direct Publishing can give authors up to 70% of the purchase price. It allows authors to retain copyright and gives them a non-exclusive deal.
In the US, the most mature market, independent authors are now collectively earning more from e-books than authors handled by the so-called Big Five publishers, according to advocacy website Author Earnings.
However, they also charge roughly half the amount for their e-books, and there are many more of them.
Generous profit margins don't mean so much if you are selling cheap and struggling to sell at all in a crowded market.
Image caption Michael Tamblyn of Kobo originally founded BookNet Canada, specialising in digital analytics for publishing
Philip Jones, editor of The Bookseller magazine, believes it's a lot harder to make money from self-publishing now that the Kindle-inspired gold rush has petered out.
"Smart, entrepreneurial authors" could use clever marketing on social media to get their e-books into the Top Ten charts, timing it to sell enough books over Christmas to make a tidy profit.
But that trick is harder to pull off when there are so many e-books out there, they argue.
"I do worry that as the market has slowed so the number of sharks willing to take money from authors has grown," warns Mr Jones.
"Publishing, when it works properly, should be about moving money towards authors."
Into the unknown
The exact number of self-publishers and their impact on publishing is surprisingly hard to pin down.
Amazon does not disclose its e-book sales, which are worth more than a billion dollars annually in the US alone, but remain a comparatively small part of its retail empire.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Nielsen Book Research estimates that 61 million e-books were sold in the UK between January and September last year
Author Earnings, which scrapes public data from Amazon's bestseller lists for its analytics calculates that in the US, the amount of money spent on self-published books went up from around $510m in 2014 to $600m in 2015.
"E-book sales are like dark matter," says Michael Tamblyn, chief executive of e-book retailer, Kobo, though they are willing to volunteer some information.
"For us, 12% of the books we sell globally are self-published."
The fragments of available data build up a picture of a new literary landscape, where the self-published author looms large.
Follow Dougal Shaw and Technology of Business editor Matthew Wall on Twitter.
NBC News yesterday called them a “key apologist” for the CIA's torture program. A follow-up New Yorker article dubbed them “The Unidentified Queen of Torture” and in part “the model for the lead character in ‘Zero Dark Thirty.'” Yet in both articles they were anonymous.
The person described by both NBC and The New Yorker is senior CIA officer Alfreda Frances Bikowsky. Multiple news outlets have reported that as the result of a long string of significant errors and malfeasance, their competence and integrity are doubted — even by some within the agency.
The Intercept is naming Bikowsky over CIA objections because of their key role in misleading Congress about the agency's use of torture, and their active participation in the torture program (including playing a direct part in the torture of at least one innocent detainee). Moreover, Bikowsky has already been publicly identified by news organizations as the CIA officer responsible for many of these acts.
The executive summary of the torture report released by the Senate last week provides abundant documentation that the CIA repeatedly and deliberately misled Congress about multiple aspects of its interrogation program. Yesterday, NBC News reported that one senior CIA officer in particular was responsible for many of those false claims, describing them as “a top al Qaeda expert who remains in a senior position at the CIA.”
NBC, while withholding their identity, noted that the same unnamed officer “also participated in ‘enhanced interrogations' of self-professed 9/11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, witnessed the waterboarding of terror suspect Abu Zubaydah and ordered the detention of a suspected terrorist who turned out to be unconnected to al Qaeda, according to the report.”
The New Yorker‘s Jane Mayer, writing yesterday about the NBC article, added that the officer “is still in a position of high authority over counterterrorism at the C.I.A.” This officer, Mayer noted, is the same one who “dropped the ball when the C.I.A. was given information that might very well have prevented the 9/11 attacks; they gleefully participated in torture sessions afterward; they misinterpreted intelligence in such a way that it sent the C.I.A. on an absurd chase for Al Qaeda sleeper cells in Montana. And then they falsely told congressional overseers that the torture worked.” Mayer also wrote that the officer is “the same woman” identified in the Senate report who oversaw “the months-long rendition and gruesome interrogation of another detainee whose detention was a case of mistaken identity.”
Both news outlets withheld the name of this CIA officer even though their identity is widely known among journalists, and their name has been used by various media outlets in connection with their work at the CIA. Both articles cited requests by the CIA not to identify her, even though they provided details making their identity clear.
In fact, earlier this year, The Washington Post identified Bikowsky by name, describing them as a CIA analyst “who was tied to a critical intelligence-sharing failure before the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks and the botched 2003 ‘rendition' of an innocent German citizen thought to be an al-Qaeda operative.” That Post report led to both McClatchy and independent journalist Marcy Wheeler raising questions about the propriety of Bikowsky's former personal lawyer, Robert Litt, playing a key role in their current capacity as a top government lawyer in deciding which parts of the torture report should be released.
The McClatchy article identified Bikowsky by name as the officer who “played a central role in the bungled rendition of Khaled el-Masri. El-Masri, who was revealed to be innocent, claimed to have been tortured by the agency.” El-Masri, a German citizen who was kidnapped from Macedonia and tortured by the CIA in Afghanistan, was released in 2003 after it was revealed they were not involved in al Qaeda.
Back in 2011, John Cook, the outgoing editor of The Intercept, wrote an article at Gawker, based on the reporting of Ray Nowosielski and John Duffy, naming Bikowsky and pointing to extensive evidence showing that they “has a long (if pseudonymous) history of being associated with some of the agency's most disastrous boondoggles,” including a key role in the CIA's pre-9/11 failure to notify the FBI that two known al Qaeda operatives had entered the country.
Earlier that year, the Associated Press reported that a “hard-charging CIA analyst [who] had pushed the agency into one of the biggest diplomatic embarrassments of the U.S. war on terrorism” (the rendering for torture of the innocent El-Masri) was repeatedly promoted. Despite internal recommendations that they be punished, the AP reported that they instead “has risen to one of the premier jobs in the CIA's Counterterrorism Center.”
The article named them as “Frances,” explaining that the AP “agreed to the CIA's request to refer to Frances by their middle name because their first is unusual.”
Bikowsky's name, and their long string of controversial actions, have become such an open secret that they even have their own lengthy, detailed Wikipedia page. The entry describes them as a “career Central Intelligence Agency officer who has headed . . . the Global Jihad unit.”
In the months leading up to the release of the torture report, the CIA and the White House fought to prevent the Senate even from assigning pseudonyms to the CIA officers whose actions are chronicled in the report. The Senate ultimately capitulated, making it difficult to follow any coherent narrative about what these officers did.
As Mayer wrote in yesterday's article:
Readers can speculate on how the pieces fit together, and who the personalities behind this program are. But without even pseudonyms, it is exceedingly hard to connect the dots. . . . [W]ithout names, or even pseudonyms, it is almost impossible to piece together the puzzle, or hold anyone in the American government accountable. Evidently, that is exactly what the C.I.A. was fighting for during its eight-month-long redaction process, behind all those closed doors.
Naming Bikowsky allows people to piece together these puzzles and hold American officials accountable. The CIA's arguments for suppression of their name are vague and unpersuasive, alluding generally to the possibility that they could be the target of retaliation.
The CIA's arguments focus on an undefined threat to their safety. “We would strongly object to attaching anyone's name given the current environment,” a CIA spokesperson, Ryan Trapani, told The Intercept in an email. In a follow-up voicemail they added: “There are crazy people in this world and we are trying to mitigate those threats.”
However, beyond Bikowsky, a number of CIA officials who oversaw and implemented the program have already been publicly identified—indeed, many of the key architects of the program, such as Jose Rodriguez, are frequent guests on news programs.
Trapani also argued that the Senate report is “based only upon one side's perspective on this story” and that an article about Bikowsky “doesn't require naming a person who's never had a chance to rebut what's been said about them.” When The Intercept asked for the CIA's rebuttal—or Bikowsky's—to the critical portrayal of them in the Senate report, Trapani declined to offer one. They noted that CIA Director John Brennan had disputed the report's contention that the agency had misrepresented the value of the interrogation program.
Photo: J. Scott Applewhite/AP
Scott Ludlam plans to force Senate vote after allegations construction and fauna plans not being complied with
The Senate is expected to pass a motion on Thursday calling for a snap inquiry into serious breaches of environmental conditions placed on the Roe Highway extension project in Perth.
The extension, known as Roe 8, is part of the $1.9bn Perth freight link project. The project has attracted fierce opposition from environmentalists and community groups because vegetation through the Beeliar wetlands has been bulldozed.
On Wednesday the deputy Greens leader, Scott Ludlum, called on the energy minister, Josh Frydenberg, to step in and order a stop to works, as well for an investigation into non-compliance with federal approval conditions.
'It's not too late': Beeliar wetlands activists fight on as bulldozers roll in Read more
Ludlam plans to force a Senate vote on the matter on Thursday.
According to an 18-page document sent by Ludlam to Frydenberg on Tuesday, the project's construction and fauna management plans were not being complied with.
The requirement to survey potential nesting hollows of Western Australia's endangered black cockatoos was allegedly not completed before land clearing, the letter alleges.
The fauna plan also requires that trapping of the endangered southern brown bandicoot occur for between three and four days, and that trapping must continue until there have been at least two consecutive nights of no bandicoots being caught. This would ensure as many of the bandicoots as possible are caught and relocated.
But community members monitoring the wetlands around the clock say they saw bandicoots being caught and removed from the Coolbellup bushland site just two hours before clearing began. Several similar instances were recorded between 13 January and 5 February, including in one of the most ecologically sensitive areas of the wetlands.
“Live bandicoots were seen fleeing from bulldozers and have been photographed being removed from sites on the same day that clearing has occurred, in blatant contravention of the fauna management plan requirements,” Ludlam's letter to Frydenberg said.
Traps were also being set poorly, while other areas known to harbour the bandicoots had no traps placed in them at all before clearing, the letter claims.
Scientists hope wetland carbon storage experiment is everyone's cup of tea Read more
Despite a requirement that fencing is installed to protect animals from injuries and death during the bulldozing, the letter alleges that no netting was used at any time at the Coolbellup site and that partial and ineffective netting was used at other sites.
Trapping of the threatened oblong turtle was described by Ludlam as “reckless”, with traps set for just 48 hours before land clearing began. This was despite advice from turtle experts that traps should remain for at least two weeks and that trapping should take place in autumn and winter to be most effective.
The letter also claims asbestos contamination found throughout the project site had been removed in a way that created an unacceptable health risk due to dust and there was inadequate use of water trucks to prevent dust from spreading.
Clearing of native vegetation also appeared to be occurring outside of designated clearing areas, the letter alleges.
“I am advised, based on evidence of over 40 volunteers working around the clock at the construction site, that there has been no compliance staff from the Office of the Environmental Protection Authority on site over weekends or after hours, which is often when these breaches are occurring,” Ludlam wrote.
“An urgent intervention to investigate and enforce compliance is required right now. I also kindly request an immediate copy of any records you are keeping on species mortality on site.”
Guardian Australia has contacted the office of Fydenberg, as well as the office of the WA environment minister, Albert Jacob, for comment.
The motion put forward by Ludlam on Wednesday, to be voted on by the Senate on Thursday, calls for a Senate inquiry to be held in Perth next Friday to investigate the breaches. Guardian Australia understands Labor and Xenophon will support the motion, pushing it through.
On Tuesday the Senate ordered Frydenberg to provide a summary of breaches of approval conditions on site that had been reported to him, and their response to those breaches, by 12.45pm Wednesday.
But Frydenberg's response tabled to the Senate on Wednesday said that “neither the minister nor the department has received correspondence or reports with evidence of compliance breaches with approval conditions since construction commenced”.
The Perth Freight Link is using public funds to create two private monopolies | Josh Wilson Read more
But a concerned local who is helping to monitor the land-clearing sites, Phoebe Corke, says they have been sending details of alleged breaches to Frydenberg's office since 24 January and that 13 emails had been sent in total.
“I find it incredibly disconcerting that our government doesn't need to follow its own guidelines and that, given the many breaches of compliance, the contractors are clearly not doing their job,” they told Guardian Australia.
They said volunteers had seen bandicoots caught in one section of the project on Tuesday morning, yet land was cleared that same day. They said there were also concerns that the requirement of at least eight bandicoot traps being set per hectare was not being adhered to. They said contractors spent just one hour laying traps in an area of the site spanning almost eight hectares.
“It's so traumatic watching 300-year-old trees being knocked to the ground and the cockatoos start screaming as their homes go,” Corke said. “There are people in floods of tears on the side of the road, who don't have it in them to protest anymore because it is just too traumatic to witness.”
• Do you know more? Contact melissa.davey@theguardian.com
Traditionally, we have been told by physicians not to worry about "good" cholesterol, which is scientifically known as high-density lipoprotein. New research, however, finds an alarming association between high levels of this cholesterol type and excessive mortality.
A new study suggests that 'good' cholesterol, also known as high-density lipoprotein, may increase the risk of premature death. A new study suggests that 'good' cholesterol, also known as high-density lipoprotein, may increase the risk of premature death.
A new study published in the European Heart Journal finds that "good" cholesterol, or high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, may raise the risk of premature death.
By and large, the medical community suggest that higher levels of the good kind of cholesterol are desirable, as it may protect against heart disease and stroke. By contrast, it is the "bad" cholesterol, or low-density lipoprotein (LDL), that blocks the arteries.
The new research challenges this belief - at least in part. As the authors note, this is the first time that a study has drawn a connection between high HDL cholesterol levels and excessive mortality in the general population.
The study was carried out by researchers from the University of Copenhagen in Denmark. Prof. Børge Nordestgaard, of the university's Department of Clinical Medicine, is the corresponding author of the study, and Christian M. Madsen, of the university's Department of Clinical Biochemistry, is the paper's first author.
'Good' cholesterol raises mortality risk
Madsen and colleagues combined data from the Copenhagen City Heart Study, the Copenhagen General Population Study, and the Danish Civil Registration System.
In total, they examined data on more than 116,000 people and clinically followed them for an average period of 6 years, during which time more than 10,500 people died.
Blood tests for both types of cholesterol levels were taken non-fasting, and statistically, the researchers adjusted for all known variables that are normally associated with all-cause mortality. Such factors included age, body mass index (BMI), smoking - both current and cumulative - alcohol consumption, physical activity, and diabetes.
Overall, 0.4 percent of the men and 0.3 percent of the women had extremely high levels of HDL in their blood. Extreme levels were defined as equal to or higher than 3.0 millimoles per liter for men, and equal to or higher than 3.5 millimoles per liter for women.
The study found that men with extreme levels of HDL in their blood had a 106 percent higher chance of dying prematurely than men with normal levels of this type of cholesterol. Women with extremely high levels of HDL cholesterol were 68 percent more likely to die prematurely than women with normal levels.
Additionally, the mortality rate in men with "very high" levels of the supposedly good kind of cholesterol also had a 36 percent higher mortality rate than men with normal levels.
The lowest mortality rate was found in those with medium levels of HDL. This was defined as 1.9 millimoles per liter for men and 2.4 millimoles per liter for women.
Prof. Nordestgaard spoke to Medical News Today about the significance of the findings, saying, "Until now everybody has believed that the higher the HDL cholesterol the better."
"But we now show that individuals with extremely high HDL cholesterol have a higher mortality rate than those with average levels. People and doctors should stop thinking that HDL cholesterol is 'good' cholesterol and that it may be advantageous to raise HDL cholesterol." Prof. Børge Nordestgaard
"Rather," Prof. Nordestgaard continued, "they should focus on reducing LDL and remnant cholesterol (=cholesterol in triglyceride-rich lipoproteins) with lifestyle changes or drugs."
They caution that as the study was observational, it cannot explain causality. But they suggest that future studies should try "to understand why people with the very highest HDL cholesterol have increased mortality."
When it comes to protecting Israel's national security, Mossad does not play nice. The Israeli spy agency, which has a long and bloody history of extrajudicial assassinations under its belt, is suspected of adding another in the slaying of a Hamas researcher on Dec. 15 in Tunisia.
The death of Mohammed al Zoari in a hail of gunfire in the coastal city of Sfax came at the zenith of a complex operation involving as many as eight Tunisian nationals and an unknown number of others, who Tunisian officials said were foreign agents. Although the hit carried the hallmarks of other Mossad operations, Israel has hinted at, but not acknowledged, its involvement.
“If someone was killed in Tunisia, he's not likely to be a peace activist or a Nobel Prize candidate,” said Israeli Defense Minister Avigdor Liberman. “We will continue to do in the best possible way what we know how to do — that is to protect our interests.”
From the streets of Europe to the Middle East, Israel's agents time and again have found their mark, with their victims dispatched in novel ways, from bombs under beds to lone figures targeted on dark streets with silenced Beretta .22s. I've often wondered if somewhere inside the Mossad there is a secret office that mulls over plots from fiction novels and uses them to plan real-world missions.
The operation aimed at al Zoari was a little less byzantine than ones found in a spy novel, despite the number of Tunisians under investigation for their roles in it. Reports have surfaced that al Zoari, known as "The Engineer" by their Hamas brethren because of their expertise in building unmanned aerial vehicles, was working to develop an armed underwater drone that would have targeted Israeli oil and gas platforms in the Mediterranean Sea. Their murder as they sat in their car in front of their home set off waves of protest in Tunisia, whose citizens have been witness to Israeli justice before.
In 1988, Fatah operative Khalil al-Wazir, aka Abu Jihad, was assassinated in their home in Tunis in a spectacular Israeli commando raid. I was an agent with the U.S. State Department at the time, and the hit, which came without warning from Israel, took us by surprise. This was a vivid example of one of many occasions that confirmed that there really are no friendly intelligence services and that nation-states will do whatever they think is necessary to protect themselves. On a practical level, the Israelis would not have jeopardized the lives of their agents by sharing their tactical plans with another country, because too many things could go wrong. This was no different than the U.S. decision to carry out its operation in Abbottabad to kill Osama Bin Laden without prior warning to the Pakistanis.
In 1996, the Israelis killed a Hamas bombmaker, also called "The Engineer." We got into a fair amount of trouble when we fulfilled the Palestinian Authority's request for help in investigating the murder, which included examining the crime scene. Neither the State Department's foreign service officers nor the Israelis cared for that decision. But from my perspective as a counterterrorism agent, I figured we would learn something by our involvement, and we did. In the aftermath of the hit, we discovered that an informant for the Israelis had given a cell phone to the bombmaker. When they answered the phone, an explosive hidden inside detonated, blowing off their hand and half of their head, killing them instantly. The gruesome crime scene photos are still vivid in my memory.
Targeted assassinations are a fact of life in the counterterrorism business. Certainly, a lone actor, even one who is part of a larger organization, has virtually no chance when facing a team dispatched by a nation state to kill him. Life isn't fair in the dark world of terrorism. Often is the case that if you live by the sword, you will die by it.
The SwissLeaks scandal around the HSBC bank subsidiary there has highlighted how globalisation can facilitate tax-dodgers. Only a bright spotlight of information can deter them.
Shaded from exposure—the headquarters of the HSBC subsidiary in Zurich. Demotix / Saso Domijan. All rights reserved.
A major leak of incriminating HSBC records last week resulted in print and television news coverage around the globe, trended on Twitter for several days and prompted several governments to start long-anticipated investigations. Through its Swiss entity, the British banking juggernaut helped customers from around the world to hide their money for tax evasion or other nefarious purposes without any questions asked. In fact, in several of the ‘scripts' which accompany the accounts, banking personnel are seen to be very willing to accommodate dubious requests—from allowing cash withdrawals worth millions of dollars to setting up sham legal entities to obscure the ownership of the funds.
The ‘Lagarde list', as the files have come to be known, has been around for a couple of years and so many have been asking: ‘Why do we only see government action once a group of reporters puts the spotlight on this?' Another frequent question has been whether the bank has really (as it claims) cleaned up its act.
Relatively few commentators have asked: how do we prevent this in the first place?
Information exchange
Last year, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD)—a rich nations' think tank—proclaimed the death of banking secrecy when it launched its new ‘Common Reporting Standard', a global system intended to enable automatic information exchange (AEoI) between governments on the deposits of residents, for tax purposes. The Financial Transparency Coalition (FTC) has been following this closely and questions whether the plan, in its current shape, will prevent the next global tax-evasion scandal. The poorest countries suffer most from tax evasion and other illicit financial flows, and they may be left out of the plan.
The idea behind AEoI is simple: financial institutions everywhere will determine which of their clients are foreign tax residents. Each institution will provide information about them to its ‘home government', which will forward this ‘automatically' at set intervals to the government whose citizens it concerns. Essentially, instead of governments relying on their own tax residents to disclose their foreign accounts, a tax resident's foreign bank will let its government know about them.
A good idea in principle, but the way it is intended to be put into practice is controversial. OECD members have made participation dependent on confidentiality standards yet to be defined. And some states—including Switzerland—have added further reservations, wanting to exchange only with countries with which they have political and economic ties.
To illustrate why such a requirement would be disingenuous, look at offshore holding around the world. Residents of Africa and Latin America are estimated to hold over a quarter of their assets offshore, whereas the volume of offshore assets from other countries held in the poorest countries is negligible. Nigeria, with one of the most developed financial sectors in Africa, holds less than 1% of its bank assets in the UK, for example. In other words, wealthier states generally have little to gain economically from exchanging information with poorer countries, whereas the latter have a great deal to gain. If the criteria for exchange include whether wealthier countries obtain a substantial economic benefit, the intended global development benefits of the plan will be lost before the first bytes of data are exchanged.
It is in everyone's interest that automatic information exchange becomes a global standard, with all jurisdictions participating as soon as possible. But it is widely accepted that developing countries will face challenges in joining the AEoI system and fully benefiting. Both for OECD members and developing countries the stakes are high, as potential loopholes in the global system could be devastating. Creating a system where developing countries are effectively excluded risks the creation of new tax havens outside of the exchange, as well as depriving developing countries of the necessary information for them to enforce their tax systems effectively.
Significant challenge
Capacity in developing countries will need to be increased, so that any technical barriers to taking part in the global system can be overcome sooner rather than later. The scale of the challenge is significant: the UK-based charity Christian Aid has estimated that sub-Saharan Africa would need around 650,000 more tax officials to reach the world average. Inadequate information technology represents another barrier.
A good idea in principle, but the way it is intended to be put into practice is controversial.
Through the G8, the G20 and the Global Forum—a platform hosted by the OECD with 125 participating governments—rich states have promised help to poor countries to build the capacity they need, but these commitments have yet to be honoured. Investing in AEoI is one of many pressing issues facing developing countries, so if and when they make a commitment to it they should be ensured that support will be there.
Such technical assistance should engage developing-country tax authorities and investigative and prosecutorial personnel, to demonstrate how AEoI information can be mined for specific data or used to identify trends. For this to happen, developing countries need to be receiving data. The FTC strongly recommends a phased approach for the poorest countries (those with gross national income per capita of less than $4,125), to prepare them for full co-operation in a global system of information exchange.
Identifying assets
Meanwhile, potential benefits for developing countries can also be assessed by identifying the assets of their residents held overseas, for example using data collected by the Bank of International Settlements. As sufficiently disaggregated data are not available publicly, only government-led research is currently possible here. Governments are encouraged to publish the volume of data being exchanged, the number of individuals involved and the extent of the assets concerned.
These statistics would give citizens, journalists, politicians and organisations an idea about the potential impact of AEoI. Research on the deterrent effect—which may be the main impact—would very likely prompt countries to prioritise participation. And what, other than such a deterrent of tax evasion, would prevent the next big scandal?
But even if all the loopholes in global information exchange are fixed, this is a solution to today's problems, not tomorrow's. Criminals and their enablers are creative, so the only way to prevent future scandals is to shed light on what criminals and tax dodgers are trying to hide. This is why online registers of assets for all legal persons and arrangements are necessary and should be publicly available. And law-enforcement bodies around the world should have access to information about other stores of wealth, such as gold and art held in freeports.
If we turn a blind eye to these loopholes, economic development for all will continue to be undermined by illicit actors looking to exploit them.
MUSLIMS in some parts of Britain are isolated and cut off from the rest of society, according to a shocking new government report.
It says thousands of Muslims are completely cut-off, living in enclaves with their own housing estates, schools and television channels and rarely leaving their own neighbourhoods.
PA:Press Association 1 Dame Louise Casey, the government's integration tsar, led the review which has claimed thousands of Muslims are completely isolated from the rest of society
The major review by government integration tsar Dame Louise Casey also found that in one school up to nine in ten children believed Britain is a predominantly Asian country.
However figures from the 2011 Census put the actual proportion of Muslims in England and Wales at under five per cent, while Christians account for nearly 60 per cent.
The new review says the Muslim enclaves are concentrated in northern areas such as Bradford, Dewsbury and Blackburn, according to a report in The Sunday Times.
RELATED STORIES SECRET I.S. SAFE Half of British Muslims would not go to cops if they knew someone with ISIS links 'YOU DON'T BELONG HERE' Muslims were 'forced out of a Christmas market after setting up an Islamic information booth' ABOUT TURN? Donald Trump removes claim he'll ban Muslims entering America from their website MUSLIM DUO 'POSSIBLE TARGET' England star Ali and Rashid briefed about possible threats against Muslims in India BISHOP BASHES JIHADIS Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby slams ISIS apologists who say group are not Islamic
The newspaper quotes sources saying the report will send "shock waves" through the system by attacking the government, and particularly the Home Office, for failing to manage the consequences of mass migration and promote integration.
It said the report will criticise the police for "pandering" to ethnic minorities, with some institutions so politically correct that they are playing into the hands of the far right.
Dame Louise reportedly had their review delayed by the Home Office because of concerns over its critical tone.
One insider said it was going to prove "quite hard reading for some people", according to the Sunday Times.
A spokesperson for the Department for Communities and Local Government said it would be unable to comment on the report before it is published tomorrow.
-We previously reported that the Casey Review said that some segregated Muslims believe Britain is 75 per cent Islamic. This was incorrect. In fact the review cited a survey of pupils in one largely Asian school who thought 50-90 per cent of the population of Britain were Asian. We apologise for the error.
We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368
Ask 5-year-olds to draw you a tree and they will unwittingly sketch you a pin oak.
Large and handsome at maturity, the pin oak (Quercus palustris) is perhaps best known for its perfect “tree” shape. When growing in full sun with good soil, it develops a beautiful oval crown of leaves. The most colorful description I have heard is that it is gumdrop-shaped, bearing in mind that this is one big gumdrop; a full-grown pin oak can reach heights of more than 70 feet.
Photo
Studying the architecture of the oak's limbs reveals much about its beautiful symmetry. Pin oaks develop a dense branching pattern. The young tree's boughs initially point upward at the top of the trunk. But as the tree matures, these first branches begin to splay outward, gradually reaching a 90-degree angle with the trunk. Finally, if the tree reaches a healthy adulthood, the lower branches, which will have continued to elongate and grow their own subbranches, begin to droop. These older branches are frequently still alive and well but now emerge at a more obtuse angle.
In the wild, pin oaks grow well along woodland edges but can also be found in the dense inner forest, where the tree's canopy may take any number of arresting shapes, reaching out here or there to capitalize on available light. In the city they are an occasional find in the preserved pockets of urban woods that dot all five boroughs and are one of the most abundant trees in human-made environments.
Though sometimes considered too large for the tightly packed residential areas in New York City, pin oaks are still planted as street trees. But they may be at their best shading thousands of hot, tired New York City picnickers, runners, bicyclists, dog walkers, residents and tourists from the sun, while feeding at least as many squirrels and blue jays with their acorns.
Few parks in the city are without at least a few pin oaks, and that is a point worth considering. The tree is particularly well adapted to survive harsh treatment — lack of water, intense heat, freezing temperatures, pests of all kinds (from insects to dogs to cars) — which has made it one of the city's most desirable and planted trees.
Photo
Under Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg's Million Trees Initiative, more than 750,000 trees have been planted to date in parks, along busy streets, in abandoned lots and at schools. They extend the acreage of already valuable urban forests and remediate areas compromised by invasive vines and other plants. Pin oaks are neck-in-neck in popularity with a close relative, the red oak, in the program, with more than 30,000 planted.
Indeed, an 11-year-old pin oak was the tree Mr. Bloomberg chose to recognize as the 500,000th tree in the initiative, in an Oct. 18, 2011, ceremony in St. Nicholas Park in Harlem.
Appealing and durable, the pin oak has found a home in the Big Apple.
News in Science
The brain blurs fast-moving images
Fast vision The brain sees fast-moving objects by using blurs or streaks, as seen in photographs, researchers have found.
The research, by an international team of researchers, is published today in the Proceedings of the Royal Society B.
"The brain doesn't see instantaneously. It takes about 100 milliseconds for the neurones in the brain to fully encode information," says a co-author on the paper, Professor David Alais of the University of Sydney's school of psychology.
"If you move things really fast it will blur - exactly like a blurred camera image."
Traditionally, scientists would have considered this "smeared image" to have been a problem for the brain to contend with.
But in 1999, a researcher by the name of Wilson Geisler proposed that this blurring could be useful in the brain's processing of fast-moving images.
Their idea was that since the smearing would always be in the direction the object is moving, it might help you see accurately which way it's going, says Alais.
Scientists have traditionally believed the brain perceives from (static objects) and motion using two separate neuronal pathways. But Geisler argued that form-sensitive neurones, not usually involved in detecting motion, could pick up the orientation of a static motion streak.
So, for example, the brain perceives an object moving rapidly horizontally to the left, by combining the output of form-sensitive cells that pick up the horizontal motion streak, and motion-sensitive cells that pick up the leftward movement.
Geisler said this process kicks into action when an object moves above a critical speed - defined as twice its width over 100 milliseconds, says co-author Dr Deborah Apthorp of the University of Wollongong's school of psychology.
Apthorp used functional MRI scans to look for evidence to support Geisler's ideas, as part of their PhD, under Alais' supervision.
MRI study
Apthorp says evidence from previous behavioural experiments in humans have supported Geisler's theory, but there has never been any direct evidence from the human brain.
"We wanted to put people in the scanner and see if we got a similar result," they say.
Apthorp placed people in a fMRI scanner and measured their brain activity as they were shown a number of stimuli.
The study participants were shown fast moving images moving upwards to the left or the right, and slow moving images moving up to the left or right. They were also shown static images tilted to the left or the right.
The researchers found that when the images were moving fast enough to produce a motion streak, the pattern of brain activity across the early visual cortex (the part of the brain involved in basic visual processing) was similar to that when people were viewing static images with the same orientation.
When the motion was too slow to form streaks, the brain showed a different pattern of activity.
"This suggests motion streaks are measurable in the brain," says Apthorp. "It is direct evidence from the human brain to support Geisler's model and shows motion and form pathways are not as separate as people think."
Apthorp carried out the MRI scans in London with support from the Australian Federation of Graduate Women, the Wellcome Trust and Sydney University's School of Psychology.
They say the findings have implications for computational models and the design of experiments used in the study of visual deficits and robotic vision.
Unsettling movies explained?
Apthorp says the new findings could explain why some people are reporting that the new "Hobbit" movie - shot at 48 frames per second rather than the usual 24 frames per second - looks "strange and unsettling".
"This could be that, because the new high frame rate reduces motion blur in the movie, the motion actually looks less realistic to the human visual brain," they say.
Buy Photo Rep. Marsha Blackburn addresses the crowd at their town hall meeting at City Hall in Fairview, Tenn., Tuesday, Feb. 21, 2017. (Photo: Shelley Mays / The Tennessean)Buy Photo
WASHINGTON -- Fairview Mayor Patti Carroll tried to size up the crowd before Rep. Marsha Blackburn took constituents' questions at a town-hall meeting in Fairview on Tuesday afternoon.
How many of the people packed inside Fairview City Hall actually live in Blackburn's congressional district? Carroll asked.
Nearly everyone in the room raised their hand.
Blackburn told a different story about the sometimes rowdy crowd during a CNN interview Wednesday night.
“A little bit less than one-third in the room were actually very (sic) constituents of mine,” the Brentwood Republican told interviewer Anderson Cooper, according to a transcript of the show.
“We had a couple – several that identified themselves as from being outside of the district, a couple from Nashville, one from Murfreesboro,” Blackburn said.
Read more:
Blackburn's office refused to be quoted earlier Thursday on what evidence it has to back up that claim. But they did appear again on CNN on Thursday afternoon and repeated them claims.
The member of congress's office insisted privately the information about the crowd was provided by Fairview city officials and by police working the event. Blackburn's office would not identify the officials it says provided the information.
Blackburn's office said the member of congress was not available for an interview, but released the following statement from Blackburn late Thursday: “I was given the estimate by a city commissioner and law enforcement. Whether someone was inside or outside of my district, I was happy to answer their questions. Those who didn't get their questions answered have been invited to call my office and set up a meeting.”
Fairview City Manager Scott Collins disputed the congressional office's explanation.
“We only had a list of names,” Collins said. “We have no other information, no addresses, to determine where they live.”
Asked if they or the city provided Blackburn or their office with any statistical information on the attendees at the event, Collins said, “We do not have that information to give -- just a list of names.”
One Fairview resident was “really upset” about Blackburn's claims about the attendees at the town hall.
“Instead of complaining about people coming to Fairview from other areas of their district, why didn't they schedule additional town halls in Williamson County,” said Rebecca Purington, spokesperson for Indivisible Tennessee, a group that helped secure spots for constituents in the town hall.
The group created a shared online spreadsheet of the attendees inside City Hall and is crowdsourcing and asking others to help identify the home towns of those that came to the event.
“She had plenty of time to do that after they saw the interest,” they said.
Thursday afternoon, about half the people on the list had been confirmed to live in Blackburn's district, though several were confirmed to live in other districts, according to the group's tally.
Purington said one woman who lived in Williamson County has a child with special needs that had to hire a nurse to care for their child so they could attend and ask Blackburn a question.
After hearing Blackburn's comments, they said the woman was “incredibly insulted.”
“These are real people with real concerns that are important to their families,” Purington said.
Blackburn isn't the only Republican member of Congress to characterize the hostile crowds that have been showing at recent town hall events as a bunch of outside agitators
Utah Congressman Jason Chaffetz claimed the crowd that confronted them at a town hall in their district a couple of weeks ago included a large contingent of paid agitators from out of state. Other Republican Congress members, including Reps. Tom MacArthur of New Jersey and Louie Gohmert of Texas, have made similar claims.
President Donald Trump has pushed the same narrative.
“The so-called angry crowds in home districts of some Republicans are actually, in numerous cases, planned out by liberal activists. Sad!” they wrote on Twitter this week.
Read more:
At Blackburn's town hall on Tuesday, a boisterous crowd of about 120 people lobbed frequently pointed questions at the member of congress on topics such as Obamacare, Trump's senior adviser Steve Bannon and newly installed Education Secretary Betsy DeVos.
In their CNN interview, Blackburn said the anger they heard “was real from the individuals that were in the room.”
But they insisted twice that only about a third of the people at the event were their constituents.
Blackburn said a friend of theirs who lives in Davidson County and twice voted for President Barack Obama got an email from an Obama-affiliated group encouraging them to go to the member of congress's town hall. The email even included a link to a booklet explaining how to disrupt the event, Blackburn said.
Blackburn's office said Thursday that when Fairview put out the notice for RSVPs for the event, it did not state that attendees had to live in the 7th Congressional District, which Blackburn represents.
Attendees' IDs were checked as they entered the building, and some people who showed up were from outside the district and were not turned away, according to the member of congress's office.
But Collins, the city manager, indicated city officials didn't look at addresses when checking in people for the event.
"When we checked people in, we only matched the name on their ID to our list of names,” they said.
Asked how it could reconcile the member of congress's characterization of the crowd with the show of hands at the start of the event, Blackburn's office said people working the town hall overheard some protesters advising others to say they were from their district even if they weren't.
Reporter Nancy Stephens contributed to this story.
Read or Share this story: http://memne.ws/2lASjAR
One of the paramount rules of a free press is the protection of sources. Many reporters have been jailed or fined for refusing to turn over photographs, videos, or notes, or for protecting the identity of sources during government investigations. In other circumstances, such as international reporting, outing sources can put them at significant risk with their local governments.
But considering everyone who works in media is supposed to be plugged in all the time, wanting to protect a source and actually taking the right steps to protect that source aren't the same thing. Even if we're committed to confidentiality, widespread surveillance tools and other digital threats make it possible for information to get in the wrong hands via surreptitious means. Still, there are steps reporters can take to minimize risk.
Understand the landscape
Since you have a finite amount of time and resources for each story, the best way to be prudent and efficient is to consider what security researchers refer to as a threat model.
“If you're trying to protect sources, you need to think a lot about who you're trying to protect the source from,” said Michael Carbone, Manager of Tech Policy and Programs at Access, an international human rights organization that fights for open and secure communication.
For example, if you're reporting on LGBT activism in Uganda, your goal is to protect your source from the Ugandan government, certain local residents, or perhaps even the source's family members. In that circumstance, using Gmail for email communications is an improvement over using a local Ugandan email provider.
On the other hand, national security journalists in the U.S. may want to rely on other options. Freedom of the Press Foundation technologist Runa Sandvik balks at members of the media who use the term ‘NSA-proof,' since there is little you can do to protect yourself from targeted attacks from the NSA or other nation-state actors. However, there are a number of clever strategies that may keep you safe from hackers and bulk government surveillance, and help both you and your source leave a smaller online footprint.
Use basic precautions
Keeping information confidential doesn't necessarily require high-tech gadgets or any special technical skills, especially if you're reporting locally. You do, however, need to make an effort to monitor your behavior.
Here are a few simple tips that will help you protect sources:
1. Discuss confidential information in person and leave your phone at home.
2. Call multiple sources in a company or agency to make it more difficult to determine who leaked information.
3. Double-check to make sure any identifying information about an individual has been removed from an article before it goes live.
4. Don't discuss details you do not intend to publish, even with your editor.
5. Take hand-written notes, and when appropriate, don't write down names.
6. Pay close attention to your privacy and location settings on your devices. In some circumstances—if you're reporting on police brutality, for example—you may want to back up photographs to the cloud and publicize your location. In other circumstances, it's important to stay off the grid as much as possible.
7. Be aware that using credit cards can make it easy for others to track your location.
8. Be very careful when clicking on links or opening attachments.
9. If your laptop has sensitive information on it, use a full disk encryption service such as FileVault (for Mac) or BitLocker (for Windows).
10. Update your software to make it more difficult for others to exploit vulnerabilities.
Get technical
At a recent London conference titled “Safeguarding Journalists and Their Sources,” executives from the Guardian discussed the need for reporters to understand technology better, since, according to editor-in-chief Alan Rusbridger, there are currently “insufficient safeguards to insure a free press.”
If you're serious about keeping your sources safe, it's worth learning how to use some of the tools designed for more secure communication, since meeting face-to-face isn't always an option. These tools include Tor or Tails for anonymous browsing or keeping your location private, GPG or Thunderbird/Enigmail for encrypted emails, Jitsi for encrypted video chat, and TextSecure, Redphone, Signal, or Silent Circle for encrypted phone calls or texts.
As Queen's Counsel lawyer Gavin Millar said at the Guardian event: “If we don't protect what we've got then we begin the slide towards a situation where there are no sources and no public interest journalism.”
In this season of fighting over the true meaning of the season, I offer my short (and admittedly incomplete) list of things which could make the world a better place all year round:
1. End the War on Christmas and end it now
What does a truce in the War on Christmas look like? How would the eight weeks we partition off to mark the historically questionable day of Christ's birth be different? What would this season be like if saying “happy holidays” (a contraction of “holy days”) instead of merry Christmas was no longer controversial? Largely the same.
Someone somewhere is trying to kill Christmas for everyone: It's a straw man in a synthetic Santa hat. We celebrate this season discussing a phony war on a patched together holy day headed by a composite omnipotent mythical figure. This year it got particularly creepy when Megyn Kelly of Fox News declared both Santa and Jesus to be white.
It's an imaginary war. Declare a make-believe armistice and, really, move on.
2. Stop targeting doctors in Syria
The “civil” war in Syria has been raging for more than two years now. The world was shocked by the images of chemical weapons being used on children in the conflict. And according to U.N. reports more than 100 doctors have been killed and around 600 have been jailed. Assad's regime has effectively criminalized giving medical aid to the rebel faction. “Government forces deliberately target medical personnel to gain military advantage by depriving the opposition and those perceived to support them of medical assistance for injuries sustained,” the investigators said.
The family of British surgeon Dr. Abbas Khan was just told this week that they died days before they were to return home after a year of incarceration in Syria. They were imprisoned for treating patients.
3. Curb reporting conspiracy theories as valid opinions
“Evolution is just a theory,” begins the conspiracy theory about how scientists tempt people of faith by distracting them with monkeys! Death panels! “Comin' to take our guns!” Bilderberg! Birth certificates! Obamacare! Vaccines! Conspiracy theory gets covered with the same deference as religion but with far less scrutiny. My theory: It's a lazy way of reporting a story without actually doing any real research or investigation. Stop that.
4. Made in America: Massacres in South Sudan
We arm the world. We arm the children. We arm the ones who make a bloody scourge all over the world. “Overseas weapons sales by the United States totaled $66.3 billion [in 2011], or more than three-quarters of the global arms market, valued at $85.3 billion in 2011. Russia was a distant second, with $4.8 billion in deals,” reports The New York Times.
So when there are massacres in places like the one this week in South Sudan killing more than 500—including women and children—those are our exports at work. We have a conflict when it comes to foreign conflicts. End the gun gag order.
5. Free Journalists!
In the U.S. we have a First Amendment right to a free press. (Also a First Amendment right to freely criticize said press.)
According to the Committee to Protect Journalists, 211 journalists are in jail around the world in 2013. Columbia Journalism Review writes, “Turkey was the world's leading jailer of journalists for the second year running, closely followed by Iran and China.”
(And while “moderate” Iran is freeing journalists they can release some hostages. Specifically the man whose wife describes as “America's longest-held hostage,” Robert Levinson and the Iranian dissidents taken from Camp Ashraf in Iraq.)
Only one of those 211 journalists is in the United States. Roger Shuler is in jail in Alabama for denying a judge's order to scrub their website. Congrats to Alabama – you're up there with Turkey, Iran and China when it comes to freedom of the press!
6. End Affluenza—call it Kim Jong-un's Disease
That'll cure it, real quick.
Peace on Earth and goodwill to all humankind. Happy holy days.
@tinadupuy
Over the past decade, three managers have dominated European football and achieved consistent success. Carlo Ancelotti, Pep Guardiola and Jose Mourinho have all won trophies wherever they have been. But who is the best manager?
The start of 2016/17 European football season will see the three most coveted managers in Europe at new clubs. Carlo Ancelotti we know will be at Bayern Munich, Pep Guardiola will be in the Premier League most likely with Manchester City (sorry Mr. Pellegrino) and Jose Mourinho will, in my view at least, be at one of either Manchester United, Real Madrid or PSG.
All three managers have multiple league titles and domestic cup honours. All three are poised to surpass Bob Paisley's record of three European Cups/Champions Leagues (with Ancelotti already matching the Liverpool great). They are the three best managers over the past decade and a half but who would you want?
Let's have a look at their pros and cons as well their major honours. A major honour is considered here to be a domestic league or cup and a major European trophy (such as Champions League and the now Europa League). Any domestic super cup, European super cup or Club World Championship are not considered a major honour.
Quick Links:
Carlo Ancelotti
Pep Guardiola
Jose Mourinho
‘Who Have You Got?' Poll
By refusing to hear an appeal from New York Times' journalist James Risen last week that their sources for a controversial chapter in their book State of War are protected under the First Amendment and reporter's privilege, the Supreme Court has de facto endorsed its controversial decision from 1972. In the earlier case, the court determined that the First Amendment does not give journalists such as Risen any “reportorial privilege” in protecting their confidential sources.
If the government moves ahead with its subpoena of Risen to testify or be held in contempt in its case against former CIA agent Jeffrey Sperling, Risen said they would go to jail rather than reveal their sources.
In a strange comment following the high court's decision not to hear Risen's appeal, Attorney General Eric Holder (the head of the Justice Department, which is bringing the suit against Sperling) said: “As long as I'm Attorney General, no reporter who is doing their job is going to go to jail.” This was followed by an equally opaque and confusing comment from their deputy, James Cole, who added: “Just because you issue a subpoena doesn't mean you're jailing anybody.”
The Justice Department has now been given the go-ahead to bring Risen in to testify in the Sperling case, and now they aren't going to? Risen was also confused at these utterances, observing, “I don't know what to make of what [Holder] said.... I don't know what they're going to do."
Risen has been an investigative reporter for the New York Times since 1998, specializing in investigating government snooping by the CIA and the NSA. Their 2006 book State of War sparked the initial pushback by the Bush administration, which was stung by Risen's revelations about administration and CIA actions — including ignoring information prior to the Iraq War that Iraq did not possess weapons of mass destruction.
The Justice Department indicted Sperling in 2010 under the Espionage Act of 1917. But to build its case against the purported whistleblower, the department needed the testimony of Risen to reveal Sperling as the leaker. Risen was subpoenaed first in 2008, but that order expired a year later. In 2010 the Obama administration renewed the subpoena, and in 2011 Risen responded in a 22-page affidavit to the U.S. District Court. In that affidavit Risen explained that their reporting had done immense good in revealing the illegal and unconstitutional machinations of the Bush administration in the years prior to publication:
It was my reporting, both in the New York Times and my book State of War, that revealed that the Bush Administration had, in all likelihood, violated the law and the United States Constitution by secretly conducting warrantless domestic wiretapping on American citizens....
In August 2006, for example, partly as a result of my reporting on the subject, a federal judge in Detroit declared that the Bush Administration's domestic wire-tapping program was unconstitutional.
They explained that by offering assurances that they would protect their sources, Risen was able to uncover and report on illegal activities by the government that would otherwise go unreported:
By bringing this issue out into the open for the first time, I believe that my reporting provided a public service to our nation, enabling Congress, the courts and the American people to openly debate the proper balance between civil liberties and national security....
I could not have written Chapter 9 of State of War ... without the use of confidential sources. My sources for Chapter 9 provided me with information with the understanding that I would not reveal their identities.
In circumstances in which I promise confidentiality to a source, I cannot break that promise.
They outlined the illegal actions taken by the Bush administration to prove their point — that confidential sources were crucial to provide them with the hard evidence they needed:
[My book] disclosed how President Bush secretly pressured the CIA to use torture on detainees in secret prisons around the world....
[It showed] how the White House and CIA leadership ignored information before the 2003 invasion of Iraq that showed that Iraq did not have weapons of mass destruction....
[It] documented how, in the aftermath of the invasion, the Bush Administration punished CIA professionals who warned that the war was going badly....
[It] showed how the Bush Administration turned a blind eye to Saudi [Arabia's] involvement in terrorism….
[It] revealed that the CIA's intelligence operations ... in Iraq and other countries were completely dysfunctional, and even reckless.
Risen pleaded that, if left to stand, the appeals court decision approving the department's subpoena to force them to testify and reveal their sources would, in essence, turn them and every other investigative journalist into an arm of the government:
Compelling journalists to testify about [their confidential sources] ... creates the inevitable appearance that journalists either are or can be readily converted into an investigative arm of the government....
Accordingly, I cannot comply with the subpoena.
The appeals court thought otherwise. In July 2013 the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that “so long as the subpoena is issued in good faith and is based on a legitimate need of law enforcement … the government need not make any special showing to obtain evidence of criminal conduct from a reporter in a criminal proceeding.” The court added:
There is no First Amendment testimonial privilege, absolute or qualified, that protects a reporter from being compelled to testify by the prosecution in criminal proceedings about criminal conduct that the reporter personally witnessed or participated in.
In other words, the First Amendment doesn't apply if the government thinks it doesn't. One of the three judges on the panel, however, saw through the sophistry and recognized the danger of the court's 2-1 ruling. Wrote dissenting Judge Robert Gregory:
The majority exalts the interests of the government while unduly trampling those of the press, and in doing so, severely impinges on the press and the free flow of information in our society.
The last time the Supreme Court ruled on “reportorial privilege” was back in 1972, in Branzburg v. Hayes, where the court, 5-4, decided that reporters could not use the First Amendment to protect their confidential sources. Since then 10 of the 13 circuit courts have all upheld that privilege along with 40 states and the District of Columbia.
In passing on the opportunity to support the First Amendment in this case, the Supreme Court has tacitly allowed the offending lower court's decision to stand. When Risen was asked back in January what the appeals court ruling meant, they responded:
This case has been transformed into a potential constitutional showdown over the First Amendment and the role of the press in the United States because of the Obama Administration's aggressive use of the powers of the government to try to rein in independent national security reporting.
It was the Obama Administration that sought to turn this case into a basic constitutional fight over whether a reporter's privilege exists. It is the Obama Administration that wants to use this case and others like it to intimidate reporters and whistle blowers.
In opening a panel discussion on journalistic freedom and confidential sources back in March, Risen said that the Obama administration is "the greatest enemy of press freedom that we have encountered in at least a generation."
By refusing to consider Risen's appeal, the Supreme Court lends support to their claim.
A graduate of Cornell University and a former investment advisor, Bob is a regular contributor to The New American magazine and blogs frequently at www.LightFromTheRight.com, primarily on economics and politics. They can be reached at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
A few weeks ago, I was using Google Maps to search for lakes north of the city. Most seemed to have your typical lake names, like Green Mountain Lake, or Harmony Lake, but one in particular caught my eye…
Does New York really have a Nuclear Lake??
Of course, the first image to pop into my head was the Nuclear Lake from The Simpsons, complete with three-eyed fish jumping about and a pipe openly dumping radioactive waste.
As it turns out, this actually isn't all that far from the truth. In 1958, an experimental nuclear fuel research lab was set up on the shores of a lake in Pawling, NY, by Nuclear Development Associates. According to this 1955 NY Times article, the remote site was chosen because “it was the largest convenient and available tract that was not crossed by public roads and could be adequately guarded for secret experiments,” which would involve “uranium and other radioactive materials.” How reassuring!
All was apparently fissioning along just fine until the early 1970s, when two serious accidents occurred at the site. First, in 1971, a rubber stopper came off of a plutonium powder container, contaminating a lab room with radioactive material. Then, in 1972, a chemical explosion occurred in the building adjacent to the lake (pictured below in this NY Times article), causing an unknown amount of plutonium powder to spew out into the air and presumably onto the surrounding grounds. Nuclear Lake had earned its name.
Little seems to be known about the accident, though local legend has it that at least one person died, and that there was a cover-up. In the comments left to this Nuclear Lake post, one local recalls their mother, a nurse, saying that one of the victims came into the hospital with their watch melted down to their bone; another rumor has it that the ambulance they were transported in is buried on the site (you can read about a horrifying accident at a similar facility here).
A clean-up commenced at a cost of $3,000,000, and the land was deemed safe for “unrestricted use.” The company closed down the plant shortly after, and the land was sold to the National Park Service for inclusion into the Appalachian Trail. Though documents were found that suggested the company may have also been dumping radioactive waste water into the lake, a Nuclear Regulatory Commission study gave it a clean bill of health in 1994.
Of course, I had to visit Nuclear Lake for myself.
Last weekend, I drove up to Pawling with a few friends and my fluffy-butted dog Lulu. We parked at the trailhead and headed into the woods.
It didn't take long before we began spotting the ubiquitous white blazes signifying the Appalachian Trail, painted every few trees (sadly, we didn't see any thruhikers – perhaps it's too early in the season?).
We continued deeper into the forest for about 20 minutes, seeing numerous squirrels, chipmunks, and woodpeckers, though surprisingly, not a single mutated turtle of either the teenage or ninja varieties.
Finally, we arrived at the Nuclear Lake loop trail, which circles around the lake to rejoin the AT on the other side.
Starting the trail, we soon came across the first remnant from the former lab: the original access road leading to the site, which appears to still be maintained. Crazy to think this was once a guarded road for a nuclear lab conducting secret research for the government.
Shortly after, we spotted a chain-link fence through the trees surrounding the former lab site.
Finally, we began to see water. We made our way through an opening in the trees…
…and arrived at the shores of the disgusting, grimy, pollution-filled Nuclear Lake.
Kidding, of course! Nuclear Lake is absolutely gorgeous, with nary a Swamp Thing or Gil-man to be found. In fact, many thruhikers on the Appalachian Trail describe it as one of the most beautiful sights on the entire trek.
But what about the former lab site? From our vantage point, we could see the area at the south side of the lake, surrounded on both sides by chain-link fences (all buildings have since been razed).
To the left, we could also see a floating barrier in the water. Any idea what the purpose of this is?
Hoping to take a look at the former lab site up close, we continued hiking around the lake, eventually rejoining the Appalachian Trail and heading back south.
Finally, we arrived at the insurmountable chain-link fence, clearly in place to prevent anyone from accidentally entering the contaminated grounds and inadvertently turning into either an Amazing Colossal Man or a 50-foot Woman, depending on your gender.
Kidding again. Actually, the fence is quite easy to get around, and seems only in place to prevent people from driving onto the former lab site.
Here is where the lab would have been…
…and if you can forget the possibility of getting a little plutonium dust in your sandwich, it really makes for a fantastic picnic location.
Here's the picture of the abandoned lab again to give you a sense of where it was once situated:
Today, there's no trace of the former buildings save for what appears to be a foundation off to one side (possibly remnants of the former waste disposal building?).
Stepping further back, it soon became clear that the entire area we were standing on was an artificial hill, made all the more obvious when you went down the slope on the far side:
We found a hatch set into the top, and while I'd like to believe it leads to a Dharma Initiative-like room (what were the numbers again??)…
…a better guess would be that it's an access point for the dam opening at the base of the hill:
All in all, we had a beautiful two-hour hike, there were no unwanted mutations amongst the group, and about the only suspicious thing we came across were these oversized dandelions just outside the lab site (I suppose there are worse things in the world than mutant dandelions).
If you're looking for a fun and relatively easy hike, Nuclear Lake definitely makes a great option. Despite Google Maps' estimate, it only took us about an hour and twenty minutes to drive up to Pawling. We did the Nuclear Loop side first, but I'd actually recommend starting with the Appalachian Trail portion, which gives you the best views of the lake and plenty of picnic spots early on. You can find more info on the hike (including where to park) here.
-SCOUT
PS – On the way back, I highly recommend a stop at Heinchon's Ice Cream Parlor about 10 minutes away on Route 22 South.
Founded in 1923, the place is as old-fashioned as it gets. In fact, I think the sitting area literally qualifies as an actual parlor.
Head all the way to the back of the house for your ice cream – the mud pie was amazing.
If you enjoyed reading this post, would you consider making a donation to help me make my first movie? The goal is $50,000, and to date, 1,728 Scouting NY readers have donated $36,348! Just $5 or $10 can make a difference - AND you get this snazzy Scouting NY sticker/magnet as a Thank-You gift! Click here to donate today!
And hey, if you've made it this far, why not follow us via RSS, Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, or Tumblr?
OK, it's a light schedule this Thursday evening, so let's have a little fun now that we've crossed the quarter point of the season. It's still too early to read too much into the standings and statistics, but it's not too early to make some fearless predictions!
1. Bryce Harper will win National League MVP honors.
Funny guy there, Schoenfield. You said fearless. Picking the Republican presidential nominee? That would be fearless. Predicting Harper will win the MVP award is like choosing Reagan over Mondale.
OK, OK, you're tough. Here's a fearless prediction, then. Let's say Harper gets injured. Obviously, that would be depressing and awful, but it could happen. Then how about this scenario: Brandon Crawford, NL MVP. The San Francisco Giants shortstop has been tremendous so far, hitting .291/.371/.494 with their usual outstanding defense that ranks second only to Andrelton Simmons in Defensive Runs Saved. Right now, he's on pace for 20 home runs, 102 RBIs and 83 runs, despite hitting primarily at the bottom of the Giants' lineup. A shortstop with Gold Glove-caliber defense and that kind of offensive production in a pitchers' park? That's a strong MVP candidate.
2. Mike Trout does NOT win American League MVP honors.
Is that fearless enough?
Not really.
OK, but here's why: The Los Angeles Angels aren't going to make the playoffs, and if you don't make the playoffs these days, you don't win the MVP award. So my fearless prediction: We're headed for another Trout-Miguel Cabrera MVP debate. Besides the playoff thing, Trout has only 25 RBIs and MVP voters love their RBIs. Cabrera will probably end up with more ribbies and a higher batting average, and the Detroit Tigers are the better bet right now to make the playoffs. Cabrera wins their third MVP trophy in four years.
So the Tigers are making the playoffs?
Correct. But only as a wild card. Because ...
3. The Cleveland Indians will win the AL Central.
There you go, Schoenfield!
Can Corey Kluber and the Indians overcome their rough start and make noise in October? Jesse Johnson/USA TODAY Sports
The Indians were my preseason pick and I'm not bailing on them just yet. They got off to a bad start and the defense is a big problem, but I still like the rotation -- Corey Kluber is going to be back battling Felix Hernandez for Cy Young honors by season's end -- and the offense is starting to come around, led by a terrific 1-2 punch in Jason Kipnis and Michael Brantley. Plus, I'm not completely sold on the Tigers or Kansas City Royals running away with things, let alone the surprising Minnesota Twins. Let's see what happens to the Detroit offense once guys like Jose Iglesias and Anthony Gose slow down, and keep an eye on whether Justin Verlander can actually offer anything once they return. As for the Royals, after hitting .306/.362/.450 in April, they've hit .257/.298/.394 in May and the rotation isn't really that good.
4. The Houston Astros will win the AL West.
And don't be surprised if they end up with Cole Hamels or Johnny Cueto. The rest of the AL West looks very mediocre so far, with the Angels struggling to score runs, the Seattle Mariners struggling to score runs even with Nelson Cruz's monster start, and the Oakland A's bullpen having torpedoed their season. Remember what I wrote back in January: The Astros will be the surprise team of 2015. Back then, I wrote: "But there's another reason the Astros will improve. They were just 57-11 when leading entering the eighth inning and 61-8 when leading entering the ninth, as the bullpen had the worst ERA in the majors. The average team lost 5.9 games when leading after seven and 3.3 when leading after eight. New relievers Luke Gregerson and Pat Neshek should help here even if they're just OK."
Indeed, the Astros are 25-0 when leading after eight and 21-1 when leading after seven. The bullpen is good, the offense has scored enough runs, Dallas Keuchel has been an ace ... and Carlos Correa is on the way.
5. Cruz hits 46 home runs ... one more than Harper for the major league lead.
But the Mariners miss the wild card by one win. Just like last season.
You're just trying not to be a homer. Weren't they your World Series pick?
They were. But have you seen Fernando Rodney pitch? I'll say the Tigers and Royals both come out of the Central to win the wild cards. That wouldn't be unprecedented. The St. Louis Cardinals, Pittsburgh Pirates and Cincinnati Reds all made the postseason in 2013 out of the NL Central.
6. The Reds trade Aroldis Chapman to the ... Los Angeles Dodgers.
Imagine a Kenley Jansen-Chapman combo to close out games!
That would strike a lot of fear in opposing hitters.
And look nice in the postseason, because the Dodgers' front office would instruct manager Don Mattingly to use Chapman for more than three outs at a time. And, yes, the Dodgers win the West. But the Giants will win a wild card.
7. Kipnis and Paul Goldschmidt of the Arizona Diamondbacks win the batting titles.
Reasonable, but not exactly fearless.
OK. Mookie Betts, now hitting .250, will end up over .300.
You love Mookie.
8. Kris Bryant ends up with 30 home runs.
Boom.
Boom.
9. And the Chicago Cubs ... miss the wild card by one game.
That's cruel.
I know. But I'm sticking with the Pirates to make the playoffs -- they were my preseason NL favorite and they're just starting to get going after a slow start. I don't know if they're better than the Cardinals, but I think they at least make the playoffs. Unfortunately, that could mean a rematch against Madison Bumgarner in the wild-card game. Sorry, Pirates fans.
10. The American League East ends in a five-way tie.
That would be awesome.
Gives me a headache.
Come on, can't you see Alex Rodriguez hitting one over the Green Monster to send the Yankees into the postseason?
Don't tell me the Yankees then get hot in October and go all the way.
No, no, no ... I'll stick with my preseason pick. The Pirates BEAT Bumgarner this time and then upset the Washington Nationals and Dodgers in the postseason. Then they beat the Indians in the World Series -- I just said the Mariners aren't making the playoffs, so I have to pick a new team. Gerrit Cole beats Kluber in Game 7, with Gregory Polanco's inside-the-park home run the only run of the game.
That would be a tough way to lose.
But definitely a fearless prediction!
We're on the move again after a busy but energising week in South Korea.
Still smiling
The round-up:
Bixpo, Gwangju
Rushd had a ball on the main stage, telling the world about our vision for the future of banking.
Rushd on the main stage
They also strutted their stuff on the startup stage, pitching the BABB project and our upcoming token sale for BAX.
We met loads of interesting people — thank you to everyone who came to our stand to meet us and chat all things crypto, blockchain and financial inclusion.
Our beautiful booth
Blockchain Technical Review, Seoul
We had several private meetings with token buyers and enjoyed plenty of stimulating conversations about the utility and potential of BAX.
Three of the best questions we were asked
Some of the most valuable insights we're taking away from South Korea stem from the many thoughtful questions we were asked. The best thing about the crypto space is the people, and it's awesome to meet so many new people with diverse opinions and perspectives on blockchain technology.
So, here are three of the best questions we received during Bixpo and the Review. Plus our answers, of course.
Why would I want a bank account based on blockchain technology?
This question came from most people who are relatively new to blockchain and don't know a huge amount about it. The benefits of a blockchain-based bank account depend on what you want to use your bank account for, but the features are pretty universal.
A blockchain-based bank account gives you faster and cheaper transactions. We think everyone can appreciate why that would be helpful.
No-one wants to be the victim of fraud or to have their data stolen, so the data security that comes with using a blockchain is also universally useful.
A blockchain allows you to transact without an intermediary. Your account will be connected to the account of every other BABB user in the world, and any financial services you need can be crowdsourced via peer-to-peer transactions.
Why would I trust other users on the BABB platform?
This was a very common follow-up question to the one above, and we think it's one of the most vital aspects to understand about our proposed peer-to-peer platform.
Crucially, all BABB users will have a digital identity secured by several technologies including biometrics and geolocation. That means you always know who you're interacting with.
We will also use AI for ‘dynamic KYC', building up a profile of each user over time to make it easier to spot fraudulent or un-creditworthy behaviour.
In addition, distributed ledger technology with smart contracts means that all transactions are tamper-resistant.
How is BABB different from other blockchain based platforms?
We'll provide a UK bank account with global connectivity via the app. Instead of depositing your money in a bank and handing over the control, you'll have ownership of your money and data, and decide what happens to it via peer-to-peer financial services.
We know the value of the platform is derived from the size and quality of the network. We have a plan to grow the network. Our ‘Social KYC' mechanism utilises social validation and biometric technology to get entire families, friendship groups or workforces into the platform at the same time, rapidly creating fully banked communities.
It's also worth noting that BABB is already authorised as a payment institution in the UK and we're applying for a banking licence. That means users can interact in a free but regulated environment, so their money is safe.
Find out more
Enjoyed this? You'll love our Telegram community.
Vice President Mike Pence distanced themselves from the latest Russia-related controversy on Tuesday after Donald Trump Jr. tweeted emails showing them setting up a meeting with a Russian lawyer who they thought had damaging information on Hillary Clinton.
Trump Jr. reportedly set up the June 2016 meeting at Trump Tower at the behest of Rob Goldstone, a music publicist for a Russian pop star with connections to Trump. In emails, Goldstone told Trump Jr. that a woman whom they identify as a "Russian government attorney" would like to share some information about Clinton as "part of Russia and its government's support for Mr. Trump."
RELATED: Politicians, pundits sound off on Donald Trump Jr.'s emails
20 PHOTOS Politicians, pundits sound off on Donald Trump Jr.'s emails See Gallery Politicians, pundits sound off on Donald Trump Jr.'s emails If this isn't treasonous, I'm not sure what is. https://t.co/QrBaaf4psM Is this Hillary Collusion?? https://t.co/JMX4kqIbt7 Quick reminder: something doesn't have to be illegal for it to be foolish, wrong and un-American. @DonaldJTrumpJr https://t.co/nnWxmryCKV .@LindseyGrahamSC on CNN: I know Don Jr and Jared Kushner are new to politics but this is going to require a lot of questions to be answered .@realDonaldTrump's son & aides met w/ Russian agent to influence our election. That is a fact.… https://t.co/Enf0NK8AGj .@MerriamWebster definition of #collusion: secret agreement or cooperation especially for an illegal or deceitful p… https://t.co/Rqo26PD5Xw Liberal media in a frenzy because Donald Trump Jr released all their emails. Should've just deleted them. We know that's fine with them! What seems interesting: Email tells Trump Jr. the effort is part of Russia government's efforts to help Trump. They don't ask questions. "On its face, this email chain is proof of a willingness expressed by @DonaldJTrumpJr to collude with Russia" --@JakeTapper on @CNN So...this is it right? I consider my friend @DonaldJTrumpJr a honorable man in every sense of the word . 🇺🇸✌️ Former Watergate prosecutor Nick Akerman says Trump Jr. emails are "almost a smoking cannon." Told me "there's no question this is treason." .@matthewamiller: I don't know how anyone can come out and defend what is in these emails, whether republican or democrat #AMR Graham: Trump Jr. "definitely has to testify" https://t.co/SzwEwq9LLE Sen. Hatch says the Don Jr. emails are not "relevant" and "all this stuff about Trump's sons and daughter -- it's a bunch of bunk." Statement from @VPPressSec on Donald Trump Jr meeting and @VP's knowledge https://t.co/iYiyoWfHRx There's NO way Don Jr, Jared & Paul Manafort met w/ the Russian Gov't operative without advising Donald Trump in advance. HE'S GUILTY, TOO! Tapper: "This can't be dismissed as people out to get Donald J. Trump Jr. or fake news. This is evidence of willing… https://t.co/oSaRNQBtLb So, I just talked to Mark Warner: https://t.co/eXm4ECI3OW Sen @ChrisMurphyCT on Don Jr: "For a long time we saw a lot of smoke but no fire, you're seeing the fire today." Up Next See Gallery Discover More Like This HIDE CAPTION SHOW CAPTION of SEE ALL BACK TO SLIDE
A statement from Pence's press secretary noted that the meeting happened before they were named as then-Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump's running mate in July.
"The vice president is working every day to advance the president's agenda," Marc Lotter, Pence's press secretary, said in a statement. "He was not aware of the meeting.  They are also not focused on stories about the campaign — especially those pertaining to the time before they joined the campaign."
Trump Jr. said Sunday that the meeting was set up on the premise that the Russian lawyer, Natalia Veselnitskaya, would provide damaging information on Clinton, but said that material was never presented. Instead, in what they said was a roughly 30-minute meeting, Veselnitskaya pivoted to discussing the Magnitsky Act, a US law blacklisting Russians accused of human rights abuses that so enraged Putin that they retaliated by barring US citizens from adopting Russian children.
"Obviously I'm the first person on a campaign to ever take a meeting to hear info about an opponent," Trump Jr. tweeted Monday. "Went nowhere but had to listen."
More from Business Insider:
I always love getting to cover games made by Spiders. Unfailingly janky and riddled with bugs, I still can't help but spend days trapped in their narrative webs. I've come to describe them as the Cannon Films of massive open-world companion based RPGs: full of heart, a fraction of the budget. The scale of what they manage to create has always been the biggest selling point. Even the relatively constrained Of Orcs and Men painted a picture of a much larger and more interesting world (still crossing my fingers for a sequel). They've gotten progressively more bold and expansive with every game, with The Technomancer my 2016 guilty pleasure. If you need a better sense of how I feel, go ahead and read the last paragraph of that review.
Spiders is looking to once again up the ante with GreedFall, a new IP set amidst the struggle of a colonial expansion. Familiarize yourself with the trailer, because it has guns and and monsters and is awesome:
So I've seen all kinds of comments like, “Bloodborne and Witcher mashup!” Where my mind jumped immediately was Risen 2, my all-time favorite grand champion guilty pleasure open-world companion based RPG (check out my ELEX coverage soon!). So in the realm of guilty pleasure RPGs, GreedFall is already starting at a high bar.
I usually like to be more prepared going into an interview, but in this case the trailer and a few sparse articles were really all I had to go on. Luckily the people over at Focus Home Interactive were able to set me up with two of the devs, Sébastien Di Ruzza and Marie-Cécile Jacq, to fill in the holes in my knowledge. I had the sense that the game was colonialists vs. natives, but the game actually has five different factions to align yourself with. Ranging from merchants to mercenaries to natives, each of the teams has their own morals, motivations, goals, and special companion to join you on your quest.
What quest is that exactly? Well the world of GreedFall has a bit of a plague problem. All along the mainland people are dying in droves, while the native and wild inhabitants of this uncivilized island are seemingly immune. The dominant church, longtime healers and practitioners of light magic, are none too fond of this. With a promise of reward and the looming specter of painful plague death, the various factions head to the island in search of a cure. Starting as a neutral party, it's up to you to decide how to go about working with everyone to reach that end.
So standard RPG fair, but the people at Spiders are striving to make that experience feel meaningful. They stressed that they don't want there to just be the best ending where everyone works together. Get everyone to work together? Good for you! There's an ending for that. Want to be a murderous colonialist? Glory to the empire, death to the savages, good for you! Want to become a radical native and push back civilization in favor of the spirits of nature? Burn their cities, smash the relics of their church, good for you! They don't want choices to be just right or wrong, but reflections of how you want to build your story.
It's a lofty promise, and those that remember The Technomancer will regard this with much scrutiny. The Technomancer‘s greatest shortcoming was how constrained and linear it felt. You spent so much time locked into the main hubs, you didn't get enough time to learn about the various factions outside of brief snippets in some of the quests. How the heck am I supposed to make an informed decision about the resistance vs the army if I don't get to talk to their leader until way after I decide whether or not to defuse the bomb?
GreedFall seeks to remedy that by opening up your options both in and out of combat. First off, equipment will no longer be locked to certain characters. According to the devs, the only combat avenue blocked off to you is the native magic, which will still be available through use of their companion. You'll be able to swap between two different weapons, giving you a choice in how you want to approach a combat situation. Do you want to equip an armor rending two-handed hammer, then switch to a dagger for some bleed effects? Or do you want to use two different firearms, allowing you to dish out more damage before reloading? Coupled with more easily readable and consistent indicators for status effects, it promises to bring the combat a level of choice and complexity unattainable in previous titles.
Combat, however, is more than ever a choice in GreedFall. While they are dedicated to creating a complex combat system for those that want to delve into it, they were adamant that players who want to focus on the diplomacy would find just as much to experience. Make deals between factions, help out various NPCs, wheel and deal your way into advantageous positions. Become a paragon for truth, or lie cheat and steal your way to victory. Once again, how you play is up to you.
GreedFall is an ambitious concept, made even more intriguing by the unique setting. On the border between magic and science, the era is one where schools of alchemy and medicine exist side by side. Industry and firearms are quickly pushing back the wilds and superstition, but very real magical monsters lurk just beyond the treeline. With the expansive world, unrestricted exploration, and multiple factions, the people at Spiders promise an experience that can keep you entertained for weeks.
So check back in for more about GreedFall as it develops. It won't be out until 2018 (PC, PS4, Xbox One), giving plenty of time to learn more about this ambitious title. I'm curious, what do you all think? Fan of previous Spiders games? Do you think they will live up to all of their promises? Let me know below, and once again enjoy another art gallery!
In less than two weeks, eight of the best European Heroes of the Storm teams will fight for honor and their share of the US$100,000 prize pool as well as a spot at the US$500,000 Global Summer Championship at DreamHack Summer in Jönköping. While there is still one more European Regional ahead of us, securing a spot right away in Leicester will save the winner from another round of qualifiers.
Heading into the groups are six teams we previously saw competing at the Spring Regional in Katowice as well as two new additions to the field. In Leicester, we might see some of the Spring Regional matchups being repeated. While Epsilon will get the chance to take on mYinsanity in Group A once more after their 1-2 defeat in Katowice, Group B could be considered the group of death. With Katowice winners Team Dignitas, European powerhouse Fnatic, Natus Vincere - who represented Europe at BlizzCon 2015 - as well as the up-and-coming Team Sandwich Monkey in one group, there will be no room for error for those who want to reach the playoffs.
Group A: Friday, April 22nd (not open to the public)
Team Liquid vs. Silenced Monkeys
Epsilon vs. mYinsanity
Winners' match (winner qualifies for the playoffs)
Elimination match
Decider match (winner qualifies for the playoffs)
Group B: Saturday, April 23rd
Team Dignitas vs. Team Sandwich Monkey
Fnatic vs. Natus Vincere
Winners' match (winner qualifies for the playoffs)
Elimination match
Decider match (winner qualifies for the playoffs)
The top two from each of the groups will clash once more in the playoffs on Sunday, fighting for the lion's share of the US$100,000 prize pool as well as the safe slot for the Global Summer Championship.
Stay tuned to ESL Heroes on Twitter and Facebook for more details about the event, tournament news and highlights!
Share this article:
Why do Asian American students outpace everyone else academically?
The most publicized attempt to answer that question — a few years ago, by Yale Law School professor Amy Chua — set off a controversy that rages to this day.
Chua's answer, originally set out in a 2011 Wall Street Journal opinion article “Why Chinese Mothers are Superior,” was that “tiger mothers” were prepared to coerce kids into doing homework and practicing the piano, in part by calling them names. Chua (who's the latest book is “The Triple Package: How Three Unlikely Traits Explain the Rise and Fall of Cultural Groups in America) held themselves and their academically successful children out as examples.
But a new study published in the journal “Race and Social Problems” by two California scholars takes on Chua, suggesting that with all the economic resources at their disposal — they and their husband are Yale professors with highly-educated parents — their children's success is just as likely the result of socioeconomic and cultural advantages, generally cited by scholars as the main reason some children do better than others.
The authors of “The Success Frame and Achievement Paradox: The Costs and Consequences for Asian Americans” are Min Zhou, professor of sociology and Asian American Studies at the Univ. of California at Los Angeles, currently on leave at Nanyang Technological University, and Jennifer Lee, professor of sociology at the Univ. of California at Irvine.
Scholar Min Zhou, the co-author with Jennifer Lee of a study about Asian American success. (Courtesy UCLA)
A better way to understand Asian American academic success, they write, is to look at families who don't have resources and succeed nonetheless.
That is exactly what they've done. And their findings are pretty straightforward: Young Asian Americans have all kinds of good role models to emulate. Their communities and families make sure they get extra help when they need it. Their families, even on limited resources, manage to seek out and move to neighborhoods with good schools. And they aspire to success with specific goals in mind: medicine, law, engineering and pharmacy. And they aim for the best schools.
It's not about coercion or some mysterious ethnic gift, they write. It's about the way they view their horizons, with extraordinarily high expectations — so high that kids who don't rise to the occasion feel like “black sheep” and “outliers.”
Zhou and Lee studied Chinese American and Vietnamese American communities in Los Angeles without a lot of financial resources or parental higher education — factors that tend to skew other academic studies of success. They focused on two groups: the so-called “1.5 generation” — foreign-born immigrants who came to the United States prior to age 13 — and second-generation families. They conducted 82 face-to-face interviews to get a picture of why these communities are doing so well in advancing their children through high school and college.
Here's what they found: Although their means are limited, Asian families in the study choose neighborhoods carefully to make sure schools offer honors and advanced-placement courses. To do this, parents use the “Chinese Yellow Pages,” which the researchers describe as “a two-inch thick, 1,500-page long telephone directory that is published annually and lists ethnic businesses in Southern California, as well as the rankings of the region's public high schools and the nation's best universities.” They also make sure their kids get plenty of supplementary help such as tutoring.
These families have incredibly high standards, according to the study. If kids come home with a 3.5 grade-point average, parents are disappointed that it's not 4.0 — and they show it.
If a child gets into, say, Cal State, the question is why they didn't make it into Stanford.
If a son or daughter comes home and settles for a bachelor's degree, they're made to feel less accomplished because they don't have a PhD.
Both groups in the study, Zhou and Lee reported, adopt a similar “frame for what ‘doing well in school' means: getting straight A's, graduating as valedictorian or salutatorian, getting into one of the top UC (University of California) schools or an Ivy, and pursuing some type of graduate education in order [to] work in one of the ‘four professions': doctor, lawyer, pharmacist, or engineer. So exacting is the frame for ‘doing well in school' that our Asian respondents described the value of grades on an Asian scale as ‘A is for average, and B is an Asian fail.'''
Such high standards have positive and negative impacts, the researchers found.
If expectations are that high, many young people will try to meet them. They will get into Stanford and they will get that PhD.
The downside is that those who fall short — the ‘A-minus' student' — wind up feeling alienated from their ethnicity. In short, they feel less Asian and more, well, American.
They describe a young man named Paul who chose to be an artist instead of following the path prescribed by their parents. They called themselves “the whitest Chinese guy you'll ever meet.”
They tell of one young woman they interviewed, Sarah, who when asked whether they feel successful compared to their friends who are not Chinese, pauses “as if they had never considered that comparison before and finally replied, ‘If I were to look at my white friends of that same age range, yes I'm more successful. If I were to look at all of my friends, yes, I would say so.'”
They write:
Sarah is not unique in this regard; none of the 1.5- and second-generation Chinese and Vietnamese respondents considered measuring their success against native-born whites (or native-born blacks for that matter). Rather, they turn to high-achieving coethnics as their reference group — a finding that highlights that native-born whites are not the standard by which today's 1.5- and second-generation Asians measure their success and achievements. …So strong is the perception that the success frame is the norm among Asian Americans that the 1.5- and second-generation Chinese and Vietnamese who cannot attain it or choose to buck it find themselves at odds with their immigrant parents and with their ethnic identities.
While acknowledging the benefits of this “success frame,” Zhou and Lee are not entirely happy with it. They say they would prefer that academic prowess no longer be “coded as an ‘Asian thing.'”
Then, they write, “Asian American students may be more willing to measure their success against a more reasonable barometer, which may result in a boost in self-esteem and self-efficacy.”
Cryptocurrencies and blockchain have always been associated with terms such as P2P payment systems, cross-border payment channels, decentralized applications etc. With the introduction of smart contracts, blockchain applications go beyond FinTech.
VeChain is one of the many projects which is making great strides in building a distributed business ecosystem around blockchain. The immutable database on blockchain commonly known as public ledger offers a transparent and an efficient collaboration between the various participants.
Some of the areas where VeChain is focusing on is Fashion and Luxury Industry, Food Safety, Supply Chain and Car Industry. All the entities involved in the business are first digitized and given a VeChain ID by using technologies like RFID, QR Code and NFC. The smart contracts running on the VeChain will then allow development of blockchain applications which can be used by the various industries using the VeChain network.
VeChain is forked from Ethereum. An important piece of this whole ecosystem is VeChain Token (VEN) which is currently trading on Binance and Hitbtc. VEN circulates between various participants and acts as a carrier of value transmission in this ecosystem. Eg. Smart Contract providers on VeChain will need VEN to run their smart contracts on VeChain and pay for GAS. This VEN can be rewarded to node providers (for securing the network) and to VeChain Foundation for running business and marketing operations.
VeChain is a 2 year old project and over the past one year it has built some compelling partnerships including PwC. Its main focus is on China, Europe, Singapore and Japan markets with offices in Shanghai, Paris, Singapore and Tokyo.
You should have received an email to your reward page (or it may take a day or so, not entirely sure) I only tested it with a few emails, not thousands so it might take longer. They were sent to the email on your Kickstarter profile not the one I asked for in the survey.
Right now there's only a mysterious wallpaper on each page. In time I'll unlock/upload other things on each page for download including a unique Steam key.
So if you're able to download the wallpaper that means you'll be able to get all the rewards when they unlock including a Steam key.
Did everyone get the right reward page? Does it show you the rewards that were on your backer tier? There was a lot that could go wrong so hoping there isn't any mishaps.
Setting up the gift pages was actually kind of fun and now I know what an MD5 hash is which is very exciting and I'm sure everyone is extremely interested to hear that too.
Made a blog post reviewing some shows I watched while making this bear game:
http://farjay.com/post/138575121963/reviews-of-shows-i-watched-while-making-this-bear
I might do more review blogs.
!! IMPORTANT: I am going to help those who don't have their name on the Backer List, I shall get to it. Need to get all the missing names for the Backer Credits too. !!
Was preventing myself from watching the last season of Breaking Bad until I finished this freaking digital distribution thing. (Yes I know it's strange to not have watched it yet) So hopefully it worked and I can watch it.
Might be adding a few extra random things to the gift pages as well. Have a neat idea for a phone wallpaper.
I am being kind of confusing in updates, have a bad habit of assuming everyone knows what I'm taking about.
Dealing with business side of things has been extremely unpleasant, destroying my motivation, had me over thinking things too much and is making me grumpy
Random Recommendation
Been playing through old city builders, namely Pharaoh and Cleopatra. You should give it a shot, they are quite fun and educational too so it's like you learn stuff about Egypt, irrigation, building pyramids and more.
They're really old though so it's kind of hard to actually get them to run properly.
* DEA launches broadside against wholesalers, pharmacies
* Lawmakers, patients, physicians question strategy
* Critics say strategy is causing pain pill shortages
By Toni Clarke
June 16 (Reuters) - Pamela Storozuk, a petite 59-year-old, spent most of their career as a sales representative, dragging heavy suitcases filled with presentation materials. When their husband developed prostate cancer, they cared for him, often helping to lift them out of the bath or into bed.
Eventually, the strain on their back caught up with them Today they have five herniated discs and relies on painkillers to function.
Over the past six months, however, the Fort Lauderdale, Florida, resident has found it increasingly difficult to get their medications. Them regular pharmacy is often out of stock, and others refuse to dispense painkillers to new patients.
“They look at you like you're an addict, a lowlife,” they said.
Storozuk is one of thousands of Americans caught up in the U.S. government's latest front in the war on drugs: prescription painkillers. From 1999 to 2009, the number of deaths from narcotic pain pills nearly quadrupled to 15,597, more than those from heroin and cocaine combined, according to the latest figures from the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
In response, the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration has beefed up its efforts to block the diversion of prescription drugs to the black market, using many of the techniques it employs to combat illegal drug use: wire taps, undercover operations and informants.
Such efforts have helped it dismantle hundreds of “pill mills” - sham pain clinics that write thousands of prescriptions with few questions asked - as well as dozens of rogue Internet pharmacies.
Now the agency is using the same tactics to prosecute the legitimate pharmaceutical supply chain, which is required to maintain certain record-keeping and security protocols to prevent drug diversion.
Over the past three years, the DEA has stepped up its inspections and levied millions of dollars in fines against drug wholesalers for what it said were breaches of those rules.
In February, the DEA suspended the license of drug wholesaler Cardinal Health Inc to sell narcotic painkillers and other controlled substances from its center in Lakeland, Florida, saying it had failed to detect suspicious order volume from several pharmacy customers. Under a settlement, Cardinal has agreed not to ship controlled substances from the facility for two years.
Shortly afterward, the agency raided two CVS pharmacies and issued inspection warrants at a half-dozen Walgreen Co drugstores and a Walgreen distribution center.
NOT THE MEDELLIN CARTEL
“The techniques that law enforcement uses to combat drug traffickers, whether they're Colombian organizations or Mexican cartels or Afghan drug lords, those techniques are very, very essential in combating prescription drug abuse,” DEA Administrator Michele Leonhart said in an interview.
But critics say applying the same strategy to the legitimate supply chain as to Colombian drug lords is ineffective and is also causing supply shortages that hurt pain patients.
“Going after a pharmaceutical manufacturer is not like going after the Medellin cartel,” said Adam Fein, president of Pembroke Consulting, which advises pharmaceutical manufacturers. “I don't believe it is appropriate for the DEA to shrink the supply of prescription drugs, because it has unanticipated effects that have nothing to do with the problem.”
Florida has long been considered the epicenter of painkiller abuse, due to the spread of pill mills. But experts say those are only a small part of the problem.
“The majority of drugs that end up in the illicit trade come from otherwise well-meaning physicians who do not understand the consequences of their prescribing habits,” said former DEA agent Robert Stutman, whose Stutman Group management consulting firm designs substance abuse prevention programs.
Between 1991 and 2010, prescriptions for narcotic painkillers rose to 209.5 million from 75.5 million, according to National Institute on Drug Abuse.
Leonhart said that physicians, however, “now understand the problem.”
PRESSURE FROM CONGRESS
As prescription drug abuse has risen, the DEA has come under increasing pressure from Congress to show it is containing the problem. A report last year from the nonpartisan Government Accountability Office said the DEA had not shown its strategy was working and called for clearer performance measures.
Leonhart said the best benchmarks were and should be “quite similar to what we use on the nondiversion side, which is the disruption and dismantlement of the organizations and the networks, and we're going in that direction.”
That has meant some changes at the agency. For one thing, Leonhart has begun breaking down barriers between the DEA's nearly 5,000 special agents, who have focused on the illicit drug trade for most of their careers, and about 500 diversion investigators, who enforce rules covering handlers of controlled substances.
The agency has expanded its use of tactical diversion squads, which combine special agents, diversion investigators and local law enforcement officers to track down and prosecute prescription drug dealers.
Forcing the two sides to come together was not easy at first, Leonhart said, since special agents initially were reluctant to work on “pill cases.”
But the effort has shown some results. Asset seizures on the diversion side rose to $118 million in 2011 from about $82 million in 2009, Leonhart said.
CULTURE OF FEAR
Still, sending in tactical diversion squads to break up pill mills does not address the leaks occurring from medicine cabinets at home or the drugs passed along from friends and family. That is one reason the DEA is attempting to squeeze supplies at the wholesale level.
“Going after Cardinal has sent shivers up the distributor grapevine,” said John Coleman, a former DEA chief of operations. “Close a CVS pharmacy in Florida, and I guarantee every pharmacy within 500 miles will be checking their records.
“You don't have to hit a horse with a whip,” they said. “You just have to show it to them once in a while.”
Pharmacists confirm that they are indeed fearful. Some are reluctant to take new painkiller customers. Others will only accept patients within a certain geographic area or refuse to accept cash.
“We turn away five or six people a day,” said Steven Nelson, owner of the Okeechobee Discount Drugs store in Okeechobee, Florida, and chairperson of governmental affairs for the Florida Pharmacy Association.
Even large chains are leery. Walgreen spokesperson Michael Polzin said that after looking into everything going on in Florida, “we've decided not to comment on our operations there at this time.”
CVS pharmacies across the state stopped filling prescriptions written by 22 of the top-prescribing physicians pending a review of their dispensing practices, according to court documents filed as part of the company's dispute with the DEA.
The company declined elaborate on its actions, except to say that it will continue to monitor prescriptions for controlled substances and is “committed to supporting efforts to prevent drug abuse and keep controlled substances out of the wrong hands.”
Physicians are equally nervous. Many have stepped up patient monitoring, according to Storozuk's physician, Dr. Martin Hale. That means more urine tests, more documentation, and more frequent “pill count” checks, where patients must go to the doctor's office with their pill bottle to prove they have not sold or misused their medication.
“Every hour of the day I have concerns I'll be audited, that my ability to take care of my patients and my family can be taken away, and I'm as legitimate as you can get,” said Hale, who has a private orthopedic practice a few miles from Fort Lauderdale and is an assistant professor at Nova Southeastern University. “You're constantly watching over your shoulder, and it takes a toll.”
CUTTING SUPPLIES
Over the past five years, Cardinal has cut supplies of controlled substances to more than 375 customers nationwide, including 180 pharmacies in Florida, it says.
Other wholesalers are similarly cautious. Rival AmerisourceBergen Corp says it now monitors orders for suspicious spikes of 20 percent to 30 percent in volume.
“All of us want to make sure that abuse is curtailed,” Chief Executive Officer Steven Collis said. But when it comes to the DEA's requirements, they added, the rules have not always been clear.
Other wholesalers, pharmacists and physicians say they are also keen to help, but would welcome more communication from the DEA.
Leonhart rejects the notion that the DEA is uncommunicative. The agency repeatedly lays out its requirements in meetings and presentations, they said.
But John Burke, president of the nonprofit National Association of Drug Diversion Investigators, says the DEA behaves as though those it monitors are the enemy.
“The mindset is, these are folks we have to keep at arm's length,” said Burke, whose organization tries to foster communication between law enforcement, regulators and industry.
The DEA's strategy is also prompting new questions from Congress. Senators Chuck Grassley of Iowa and Sheldon Whitehouse of Rhode Island recently asked the GAO to study whether the agency's actions are contributing to shortages of medications for pain patients.
Others say the DEA should not be in the business of regulating industry at all.
Scott Gottlieb, former deputy commissioner of the Food and Drug Administration, publicly fulminated against the DEA recently for tackling prescription drugs in the same way it pursues drug cartels.
“The problem is, the DEA may be the wrong enforcer here. It's very difficult to separate appropriate use from illicit use with law-enforcement tools alone,” Gottlieb, who now sits on the board of biotechnology company CombiMatrix Corp, wrote in an opinion piece in the Wall Street Journal.
The DEA's confrontation with wholesalers and pharmacies follows a public dispute with manufacturers over who was responsible earlier this year for shortages of certain stimulants used to treat attention deficit disorder.
The DEA strictly controls the amount of an ingredient in a potentially addictive drug that its manufacturer can obtain each year, based on projected needs of legitimate patients. Makers of the stimulants said the agency did not always authorize enough material in time for them to supply customers.
For its part, the DEA said the shortages resulted from unspecified business decisions made by the companies.
With all sides in the prescription drug fight blaming each other, nothing will be achieved without more communication and cooperation, Stutman says.
“We need to take some really bright people on each side of the issue and say: ‘Where do we start today to make this problem better?'” they said.
In the meantime, patients like Pamela Storozuk are struggling to function. They have not been able to find oxycodone for five months. Replacement drugs have made them sick and even those are now hard to come by. They have lost 20 pounds and is frequently in pain.
“It's a horrendous problem down here for people like me who need the medication,” they said. “You can't even imagine.”
Five people were arrested, two police officers were injured, and at least one police officer needed stitches to close a head wound after a well-organized, violent protest at a rally for Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump last Friday.
The left-wing radicals group behind it hoped to embarrass Trump and make them look too extreme for voters to support them on the eve of the Illinois primary.
Voters say their plan backfired
A new poll found that twice as many people said the Chicago confrontation made them more likely to vote for Trump than to shy away from him.
Pollsters at Monmouth University reported that likely voters “interviewed on Saturday and Sunday were asked how that incident affected their vote intentions. Most (66%) say it had no impact on their support.”
“However, twice as many said it made them more likely (22%) rather than less likely (11%) to support Trump,” they wrote.
The scenes of blood and violence turned off so many people that nearly one in every four was more likely to vote for Trump out of spite.
As usual, Donald Trump understood the way voters would react better than their critics.
After the riot, they told MSNBC, “This increases the vote for Trump.”
They went on to win the Illinois primary on Tuesday by more than 122,000 votes and Florida by double digits.
It's not just left-wing social groups that appear to be suffering in the court of public opinion from attacks on the Trump campaign, either.
Other Republican presidential candidates allegedly lost votes for saying the uprising was Trump's fault.
“The three trailing candidates all called out the frontrunner after violence broke out at a planned Trump rally in Chicago Friday night,” Monmouth noted.
Establishment politicians in both parties, and their Wall Street donors, seem so threatened by Trump's meteoric rise that they tried to pin the blame for the radicals' rampage on their brusque style — only to see their accusations backfire at the polls.
Texas Sen. Ted Cruz called the Chicago clash the “predictable consequence” of Trump's “campaign that affirmatively encourages violence.”
Ohio Gov. John Kasich agreed, saying that, “Donald Trump has created a toxic environment.”
That inspired backlash from voters like Jace Conners, who wrote on Cruz's Facebook page, “Ted Cruz, I was an undecided voter who was leaning your way. Then you blamed Trump for the actions of violent protesters.”
“I am now voting Trump,” they wrote. “Thanks for helping me make my choice tonight.”
– The Horn editorial staff
Two pairs of the short-tailed albatross, thought to remain only on two Japanese islands, have been found nesting on Kure Atoll and on Midway Atoll, American wildlife refuges in the Hawaiian Islands.
Until now, the last remaining breeding colonies of the birds were thought to have been on the Japanese islands. The total adult population of the species is only about 3,000.
The new finding brings hope that the bird might propagate beyond Japan, said Jessica Hardesty Norris, director of the Seabird Program at the American Bird Conservancy, a conservation organization.
Photo
“Where they breed in Japan is a pretty decent habitat, but there's a really active and nasty volcano,” they said. “It could wipe out the species, so we are excited about the prospect of another viable colony.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The short-tailed albatross is a striking bird, with a bright pink bill, a white body and a golden-colored crown and nape.
The Slander of Women Act 1891 (54 & 55 Vict. c.51) was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland (as it then was).
Section 1 [ edit ]
Slander imputing unchastity or adultery to a female [ edit ]
This section provides that in an action for slander ("words spoken and published"), brought by a female plaintiff in respect of words that impute unchastity or adultery to her, it is not necessary for them to allege or prove that they have suffered special damage.
The word "unchastity" is not confined to unchastity with a man. To call a woman a "lesbian" is to impute "unchastity" to her.[6]
However, the section then provides that in an action for slander made actionable by that section, a plaintiff may not be awarded more costs than damages unless the judge certifies that "there was reasonable ground for bringing the action".
Republic of Ireland [ edit ]
This section was replaced for the Republic of Ireland by section 16 of the Defamation Act 1961. The proviso was not reproduced.
Section 2 [ edit ]
This section provides that the Act may be cited as the Slander of Women Act 1891 and that it does not apply to Scotland.
Repeal [ edit ]
The Act was repealed[7] for the Republic of Ireland on 1 January 1962[4] and for England and Wales on 1 January 2014 by section 14(1) of the Defamation Act 2013.[8]
Parliamentary debates [ edit ]
Dr Aubrey Levin, known as Dr Shock in their native South Africa, was convicted of sexually assaulting three patients in Canada
A Canadian ‘gay cure' therapist convicted of molesting male patients has been sentenced to five years in jail.
Dr Aubrey Levin, 74, was going to be given eight years, but the judge reduced it due to their health problems and age.
Levin was convicted on three counts of sexual assault by a jury last week.
Court of Queen's Bench Justice Donna Shelley told the disgraced doctor that it was a ‘horrible violation of the trust of these three patients'.
‘They came to you for help for their problems,' they said. ‘Instead you added to their problems.'
While the Crown asked for six to eight years, the defence argued Levin was a frail senior and suggested a sentence of 60-90 days to be served on weekends.
Shelley said: ‘Dr Levin, knowing of the many vulnerabilities of these victims, employed a strategy which would give them the opportunity to sexually assault their patients.'
‘Dr Levin's profession and their training would make them more informed than the average sexual assaulter to the serious psychological and emotional harm that can result from a sexual assault,' they added.
‘These three men were already emotionally and psychologically fragile.'
Levin initially faced charges involving nine different men, but was acquitted on two others and the jury could not reach a verdict on the last four.
Prosecutor Dallas Sopko said the Crown was satisfied with the outcome.
‘We feel it's a fair and just sentence given all the circumstances in the case. It's been a long and arduous process,' they said.
Chief Defence Counsel Chris Archer said they hope they will be able to get their client released on bail once an appeal had been filed.
‘With a 74-year-old man you're looking at the end of your life and whether or not this is going to be a significant part of it or whether or not you're going to die in jail," Archer said.
The allegations against Levin came to light in 2010 after one of their patients came forward with secret videos they had recorded during court-ordered sessions with the psychiatrist.
The videos, played in court last fall, show Levin undoing the man's belt and jeans and appearing to fondle him.
A South African immigrant to Canada, Levin was known in their country of origin as ‘Dr Shock'. It is alleged they subjected hundreds of gay soldiers and conscientious objectors to electric shock ‘therapy' during the apartheid era.
Speaking to GSN, a South African journalist also claimed Levin and their team performed chemical castration and forced gender reassignment surgery on gay men as a ‘cure' for being homosexual.
Levin has denied abusing any patients under their care and has argued the submission was based on a distortion of facts.
PASADENA, CA — A woman suspected of using a fake assault rifle to rob a Pasadena restaurant was arrested, police said Friday.
The robbery was reported about 7:50 p.m. Thursday at the Lucky Boy Drive- in at 531 E. Walnut St., said Pasadena police Lt. Tracey Ibarra.
Officers responded within a minute and were flagged down by customers who said the woman used a rifle to rob the restaurant before running north toward Oakland Avenue, Ibarra said.
During a search of the area, the woman emerged from some bushes near Oakland Avenue and Corson Street, about a block from the restaurant, and they took off running but was taken into custody shortly after.
Officers recovered the weapon, which was discovered to be a BB gun manufactured to look like an assault rifle, as well as the money, Ibarra said.
The woman was taken to a hospital for a pre-existing health condition and police were waiting for medical clearance before booking them on robbery charges, Ibarra said.
No one was injured in the robbery.
City News Service
I first went to Datong in 1984 and was immediately taken by this gritty city in China's northern Shanxi Province. Along with half a dozen classmates from Peking University, I traveled eight hours on an overnight train, arriving in a place that felt even more old-fashioned than Beijing was at the time. It was one of those cities that seemed to exist in a world of black and white: the streets and buildings were covered with soot and grime from nearby coal mines, while outside town, farmers toiled on the bleached soil of the Loess Plateau, creviced and exhausted after millennia of human demands.
But Datong was also blessed with cultural treasures that glinted like dusty diamonds. Just outside our dilapidated state-run hotel were the city's two awe-inspiring Buddhist temples: Huayansi and Shanhuasi. Housing beautiful Buddhist statues and paintings from the twelfth century that had escaped destruction, they were small, perfect buildings set amid the crumbling and chaotic old city, whose massive walls were still partly intact. The Yungang Grottoes, just out of town, were even more remarkable. The caves contain Buddhist sculptures from the fifth and sixth centuries. At the time, the grottoes had a tiny gift shop offering only black and white postcards. One, a bust of an ecstatic disciple of Sakyamuni, sat on my desk for years.
I've been in China long enough to know the futility of nostalgia for old cities, but I was still shocked when I recently made a trip back for the first time in ten years. Datong is now booming, thanks to the region's rich coal reserves, which have created a class of coal barons as wealthy and crass as any character on the TV show “Dallas.” As with most Chinese cities, Datong is in the grips of rampant real estate speculation, with poor people evicted from their homes in the old city, which is being torn down for new developments. (This is a topic I explore in the context of recent books on the destruction of Beijing in new piece for the NYR.) Datong is famous for a noodle known as daoxiaomian—in traditional restaurants, cooks deftly shave strips off a big block of dough, shooting the noodles directly into a pot of boiling water. My favorite restaurant had of course been leveled, and the only option was a faceless fast food chain that went by the invented English name Eastwheat.
What's surprising is how all this happened. Over the past few decades, Chinese cities have seen their historic centers erased by a generic vision of modernization: broad boulevards and highways, office towers and luxury flats. In Datong, that vision had its day in the 1990s and 2000s. Now, this old-fashioned coal-mining city is on the cutting edge of a new urban development strategy: recreating an imagined, glorious Chinese past. I'd seen this in parts of Beijing, especially around the Qianmen area—an old central neighborhood of shops and restaurants that had flourished through the early twentieth century and was rebuilt in faux-historic style in the run-up to the 2008 Olympics—or at the Xintiandi shopping mall in Shanghai. But Datong is something else. It's not only a few shopping districts that are being recreated, but vast swaths of an old city that just decades earlier had been obliterated in a fit of auto-cultural genocide: rampant, unregulated development in the name of modernization.
The efforts are centered on rebuilding the once-magnificent city walls. Most stretches had come down in the Mao era and the rest were destroyed to make way for new buildings in the 1990s. Now, they are being rebuilt, mostly from scratch. Already, half of the center of Datong is encircled by the the new walls, which are a full scale replica of the originals: thirty-nine feet high and sixty feet wide at the base. Every few hundred yards are watchtowers and every few watchtowers,a hole punched in the wall for traffic to pass through. There's little evidence that traditional methods or materials are being used, despite claims to the contrary. Construction cranes line the wall like siege engines, depositing pallets of freshly baked red brick that fill in steel-reinforced concrete pillars. Grey stones cover the skeleton to give it an old look.
It's hard to pinpoint exactly when this trend began but it seems to be driven by tourism. Over the past decade, well-preserved old cities like Pingyao (240 miles south of Datong) have become major tourist destinations thanks to their city walls and old streets. But there's also a deeper sense in China of the country having lost too much in the past century of destruction. The revival of Confucian thought, for example, is a way of finding out how Chinese did things in the past—before the country's experiments with fascism, communism and authoritarian capitalism. City walls and the like are a more concrete manifestation of this desire to turn back the clock.
Datong's efforts began in 2009 and officials say they will invest more than one billion yuan, or about one hundred and fifty million dollars, over four years. Like most projects, the money is borrowed from local banks, which are partly controlled by local political leaders. The money is to be repaid by selling land—which the city controls—to real estate developers.
The walls are only part of the plan. The city has also completely changed the look of the temples and grottoes. They have ballooned grotesquely in size—forcing visitors to walk through endless new structures before getting to the original site. Huayansi, for example, was made roughly ten times bigger than it was in 2008 with the addition of a huge series of faux-Tang style buildings filled with new Buddhist statues—none of which are controlled by the Buddhist monks who run the original temple. Likewise the Yungang Grottoes have new gardens, temples, shopping streets and a visitor center tacked onto them. (The original statues, thank goodness, have been left alone and are as inspiring as ever.)
To be fair, the effect is not entirely displeasing—there are trees and fake lakes to soften the harsh landscape—but the area has been entirely transformed. Once the grottoes were lonely, poignant relics at the base of a small cliff—survivors of all the radical changes in China over the last fifteen hundred years, and a tribute to Buddhism's endurng appeal. Now they are centerpieces of an ambitious economic development plan. In their classic book on Buddhist pilgrimage sites, the translator and travel writer Bill Porter caught an early glimpse of the changes hitting Datong and entitled their chapter on the city “No Buddha.”
The new construction is designed to justify outrageous ticket prices. In 2008, the Yungang Grottoes cost 40 yuan ($6.50), a not unsubstantial fee in a developing country but still manageable. Entry now costs 150—more than $25. The famous Hanging Temple (xuankongsi) outside town now costs 130 yuan, while the two temples in town are 80 yuan and 50 yuan. That's $65 to see four religious sites, or just a little less than the average rural resident earns in a month. By contrast, Beijing's eight-million-square-foot Forbidden City costs just 60 yuan to enter. Datong's sites are not empty—China has enough wealthy people to keep them well-visited—but they are out of reach of ordinary people.
The projects have focused attention on Datong's high-profile mayor, Geng Yanbo, who has polarized the city over their plans. Some are excited that the city is recapturing some of its old flair and glad that it won't have to rely forever on coal. But the construction projects have displaced thousands. According to government figures, more than 116 acres of the city were razed in 2009 alone. Protests are now regular occurrences throughout Datong and Mayor Geng has been dubbed the “devil mayor” on local blogs.
The mayor's hyper-activism is a response to the demand from on high to show results. Mayor Geng was appointed to their current position in 2008. They have roughly until the end of next year until their term is up and they are rotated out, which means the officials in the Communist Party's Organization Department are already trying to figure out how their tenure should be evaluated. If they are seen as having expanded a key industry—tourism—and helped revive pride in traditional China, another central government goal, they will have been judged successful. The protests probably won't count against them because they are ubiquitous in urban China. The same calculation is being made now in cities across the country. In the Yangtze port metropolis of Chongqing, for example, Party Secretary Bo Xilai has tarted up their city with a costly [tree-planting campaign] (http://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2011/05/gingko-fever-in-chongqing-the-billion-dollar-trees-of-central-china/238885/) and appeals to China's revolutionary past.
I must admit to mixed feelings about all this. Primping up ancient temples and then fleecing visitors to pay for them is cultural barbarism. So too the movie lot-quality buildings that now surround the Yungang Grottoes. (Note to the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, which conferred World Heritage status on the grottoes in 2001: why does Dresden's Elbe Valley lose World Heritage Site status for building a bridge over the Elbe but China gets away with outrages like Yungang?)
Yet I also feel a secret thrill. Part of it is practical: Datong is a lot greener than it was before, and the city's new walls are impressive—how often do you see a modern city enclosed in medieval-style walls?—no matter how much concrete was used to build them. But it goes further than that. China has gone through incredible turmoil over the past century and a half. Now, thanks to three decades of growth and relative stability, Chinese people are asking themselves again what it means to be Chinese—how, for example, they want their cities to look.
China's current political system does not allow these questions to be answered with enough public debate and input; it is still too authoritarian and cities like Datong are too much the pawns of petty bosses like Mayor Geng. And some of this is part of an obvious government effort to foster a sense of pride in China's past. Yet something genuinely exciting is afoot in China. People are interested in the past and, flawed as these efforts now are, they are trying to recapture something of the old glory of being Chinese. Datong's city walls and its sprawling new old city are part of this. In time, they may be seen as authentically representative of their era as the grit and grime that once characterized this rough North China city.
GOP Lawmaker Wants 'Concrete Guarantee ' For 'Right' To Discriminate On Religious Grounds, Or Carry A Gun
Republican State Senator R. Michael Young (photo) has decided the international attention and outrage last year's Religious Freedom Restoration Act earned lawmakers and the governor of Indiana was insufficient, so they want a do-over.
Sen. Young has authored SB 66, anti-gay legislation that would repeal the RFRA, including the legislative "fix" that had to state the law could not be used to discriminate against LGBT people. In its place, Sen. Young's bill would codify into law the right to discriminate for any reason, including and especially for religious reasons, and the right to carry a gun.
Because Sen. Young used language so sweeping and broad, their bill is being described as the original RFRA "on steroids" by Freedom Indiana.
In addition to the already-protected First Amendment right to worship, Young wants the "right to free exercise and enjoyment of religious opinions and the right of conscience," offering no boundaries whatsoever. For some reason, Young believes the right to bear arms - the right to own and carry a gun - needs to be included under their legislation.
The bill defines "person" as an "individual, including a group or association of individuals," and as any other "legal entity." In other words, corporations, houses of worship, hospitals and schools owned by churches, stores, restaurants, etc., are people too my friend.
That means that you local neighborhood John's Pizza, or Joan's Garage, or even your cable company can deny you service on the grounds of "religious opinion" or "conscience," period, and, further it means no Indiana governmental entity or official can stop them unless it is "in furtherance of a compelling governmental interest," and - not or, but - it "is the least restrictive means of furthering that compelling governmental interest."
Which means lawsuits. Lots of lawsuits.
Worse, it could mean that a government employee, say, a DMV worker, could refuse to give a teenager a driver's test, if they perceive them to be LGBTQ. Or perhaps a police officer might decide to not respond to a domestic violence call because the couple is same-sex. Maybe an EMS worker would refuse to help a person they think is transgender because it goes against their religious beliefs.
How are these examples to be handled, in the moment, without the law being specific and explicit? And who is harmed while the courts battle it out?
Freedom Indiana today "condemned Senate Bill 66 as a dangerous piece of legislation that would thrust the state back into the national spotlight created by last year's Indiana Religious Freedom Restoration Act (RFRA) and bring about even more legal and reputational challenges for the state," the LGBT civil rights group said today in a statement.
"Not only would it reopen the national and international wounds caused by last year's discriminatory RFRA legislation," Freedom Indiana campaign manager Chris Paulsen added, "it would make it easier to discriminate against any group currently or potentially protected under our civil rights law. Just when you thought lawmakers had learned a lesson from RFRA, a handful of them have decided to breathe life into a 'Super RFRA.'"
Professor Robert Katz of the IU Robert H. McKinney School of Law told the Indy Star Young's bill "would effectively amend the Indiana Bill of Rights to create a two-tiered system of rights."
Meanwhile, Professor Daniel O. Conkle of the Indiana University Maurer School of Law in Bloomington told the Indy Star the bill "goes well beyond religious freedom."
Conkle "offered an example to illuminate how Senate Bill 66 could enhance protections for the right to bear arms. Under this legislation, if the government wanted to ban switchblades â€” as it did for decades â€” it would have to demonstrate a compelling interest for a statewide prohibition."
The first question Sen. Young and other lawmakers should be forced to answer is, what's happened all of a sudden that there's a need for this legislation?
And the first question Gov. Mike Pence needs to answer is, do they want to subject their state to another episode of international outrage, further damaging the Hoosier economy they wrecked last year, or will they send a message to lawmakers to place their attention on Hoosiers' real needs?
Image: Screenshot via YouTube
See a mistake? Email corrections to: [email protected]
SAN DIEGO (CN) – Several federal officials are shielded from liability from claims that border patrol agents abused a practice that allows them to use deadly force against rock throwers, a federal judge has ruled.
Last year, widow Maria Del Socorro Quintero Perez and their two young children sued over the death of their husband and father, Jesus Alfredo Yanez Reyes, in federal court. The family claims Yanez was the victim of the U.S. Customs and Border Protection “rock throwing” policy, sometimes used against Mexicans or Hispanics who are of little or no threat.
Defendants include the United States, the Department of Homeland Security, the Customs and Border Protection Office of Border Control, and border patrolman Dorian Diaz, who shot and killed Yanez on June 21, 2011.
Department of Homeland Security secretary Janet Napolitano and Customs and Border Control Commissioner Thomas Winkowski are among the named officials.
Diaz shot Yanez without warning after the Mexican had climbed up a tree that extended over the border into Tijuana. At the time of the shooting, Yanez's friend Jose Ibarra-Murrieta had been detained on the U.S. side of the border by another border agent, Chad Nelson.
The border agents claimed Yanez had thrown rocks at them. But Murrieta said Yanez had only threatened to take video of the incident on their cellphone.
Border agents have killed at least 13 other men under the rocking policy, the family claims.
In their Sept. 3 order, Judge William Hayes noted that one Mexican teenager at the border near El Paso was shot for throwing rocks. The U.S. Department of Justice said that shooting was justified, but video showed that the teen had not been throwing rocks, Hayes said.
While Yanez's family complain that “the rocking policy has the imprimatur of the highest officials of the Department of Homeland Security,” Hayes granted the government officials and supervisors motion to dismiss and found they cannot be held liable for the practice.
Dismissing the family's constitutional claims against the Department of Homeland Security, the judge also found that the government officials and “supervisors” in the case are immune from claims they had violated the law of nations.
But Hayes refused to reject a claim for violation of the Fourth Amendment's prohibition on unreasonable seizure against Border Patrol Chief Mike Fisher. Fisher is on record as rejecting calls to limit the practice of using deadly force against rock throwers.
Hayes said that that was enough to infer that Fisher “knew of and was responsible for the alleged rocking policy.”
The family has also claimed that Nelson had provoked the shooting and “conspired” with Diaz to cover up the incident. But Hayes said the family's claim of violation of the Fourth Amendment's prohibition against unreasonable seizures was too vague to survive Nelson's motion to dismiss.
Hayes said there was no evidence Nelson had an opportunity to intervene and stop Diaz from shooting Yanez. Nelson was “in the middle of a scuffle with Murrieta, and they were given no indication from Agent Diaz that deadly force would be used,” the judge wrote.
Judge Hayes disagreed with the family's contention that the policy targets Mexicans or people of Hispanic descent, saying no one should be surprised that the policy would have a greater impact on Mexican nationals. But the family failed to demonstrate that the policy was discriminatory, the judge said.
Hayes gave the plaintiffs 30 days to file a second amended complaint.
Director of the American Friends Service Committee's U.S./Mexico Border Program, Pedro Rios called Hayes' ruling “unfortunate.”
“The Border Patrol operates under a culture of impunity that endangers any real accountability only because it has the blessing of those in charge,” Rios wrote in an email. “Justice for Jesus Yanez's family can only occur when all officials are held accountable for their actions, from the agent that pulled the trigger to those that allow misguided policy to provide cover for wrongdoing.”
U.S. Department of Justice did not immediately respond to a request for comment after business hours on Monday.
Like this: Like Loading...
by Andy Kelly, Phil Wall and Mark Andrews
Ownership of Arsenal football club is an ongoing story, as disquiet has grown among fans about the direction of the club under Stan Kroenke. Is Kroenke a good or bad owner? Would Alisher Usmanov be better? How did the two of them come to own 97% of Arsenal between them? How did they get involved and where did they get their shares from? We'll try and explain.
To produce the definitive story we asked Phil Wall if they would collaborate with us. We can highly recommend Phil's blog which has a number of articles about Kroenke, Usmanov and Arsenal ownership.
Before we get going, note that all percentages quoted in this blog are a proportion of the number of Arsenal FC shares available to be traded. At various times during the club's history shares have been authorised, but until the 1980s there was no queue of people wanting to invest, and not all the authorised shares were issued and available to be bought and sold.
Firstly, a bit of history to give you some background to how Arsenal Holdings PLC came to be the parent company of The Arsenal Football Club PLC with 62,219 shares issued.
1893
Back in 1893 the members of Royal Arsenal FC voted to form a limited company of 4000 shares to fund the development of their new ground, the Manor Field. As it wasn't possible to use the word “Royal” in the name of a limited company they decided on the name: The Woolwich Arsenal Football and Athletic Company, Limited.
1910
Towards the latter half of the first decade of the 20th Century, the club struggled financially. In 1910 the shareholders put the club into voluntary liquidation and formed a new limited company of 7000 shares. Not all of these shares were issued or sold immediately, and indeed the club had trouble raising funds by the sale of shares for quite a few years.
1920s
The two biggest shareholders at the time were Henry Norris and William Hall who had each owned 240 shares from the initial 1910 issue, then gradually increased this number in the following years, right up to Norris's exit from the club in 1927. In 1926 Norris owned 412 shares and Hall 414, though their daughter had an additional 81. In fact even at the time of Norris's death in 1934 there were still 477 shares in their name. Norris and Hall were also active in bringing other investors into the club. The most significant of these in the long term was Sir Samuel Hill-Wood who joined the Board in 1923. Norris and Hall were both keen to maintain plurality of ownership, and at no point until 2011 did any one shareholder own more than 50% of the club's shares.
In 1938 Sir Bracewell Smith joined the Board and the Hill-Wood and Smith families remained synonymous with Arsenal Football Club until fairly recently.
1983
Fast forward to 1983. At this point, only 5839 of the authorised 7000 shares were in issue, available to be traded. Enter David Dein. They offered to buy the 1161 unissued shares for £290,000 to which the board of directors agreed. Shortly afterwards, Dein joined the board and became vice-chairperson. In 1985 the board of directors and their shareholdings were:
Peter Hill-Wood (Chairman) 1371 (19.6%) David Dein (Vice-chairperson) 1287 (18.4%) Clive Carr 993 (14.2%) Richard Carr 274 (3.9%) Ken Friar 105 (1.5%) Robert Bellinger 89 (1.3%) Tony Wood 81 (1.2%) Stuart McIntyre 80 (1.1%) Roger Gibbs 42 (0.6%) Non-board holdings Including Charles Bracewell-Smith 2678 (38.2%) 1237 (17.2%)
Clive and Richard Carr are the grandsons of Sir Bracewell Smith. Tony Wood was the brother-in-law of Peter Hill-Wood. Charles Bracewell-Smith is also a grandson of Sir Bracewell Smith, but never sat on the Arsenal Board.
There wasn't a great deal of change between 1985 and 1990. Dein increased their holding to 1461 (20.9%) to become the biggest shareholder, whilst Clive Carr sold 420 of their shares.
1991
In 1991, an “8 for 1” share split took place. This is sometimes referred to as “7 for 1”. This means that for every 1 share that was held before the split, 8 would be held after the split. This resulted in 56,000 shares now being issued and available to trade, and the share value was reduced to around one-eighth of that before the split.
There was also a major share transaction which saw David Dein buy more than 10,000 shares from Peter Hill-Wood which made them the largest shareholder in the history of the club thus far. The directors now had the following shareholdings:
David Dein (Vice-chairperson) 23816 (42.5%) Clive Carr 4384 (7.8%) Richard Carr 2288 (4.1%) Robert Bellinger 712 (1.3%) Peter Hill-Wood (Chairman) 448 (0.8%) Ken Friar 200 (0.4%) Roger Gibbs 200 (0.4%) Non-board holdings Including Charles Bracewell-Smith 23952 (42.8%) 9893 (17.7%)
The club was also re-registered as a public company and became known as The Arsenal Football Club Public Limited Company.
1992
The following year, there were two major changes. Richard Carr acquired approximately 7700 shares to take their holding up to 9992 (17.84%), and Danny Fiszman appeared on the board. They held 10080 (18.4%) shares, which they acquired in 1991 or 1992. We believe that originally their shares were in joint ownership with David Dein, but over the next 9 years Dein sold parts of their stake to Fiszman in several tranches, until Fiszman eventually overtook them as the biggest shareholder.
Three major events took place in 2001.
Charles Bracewell-Smith signed over ownership of 2189 shares to their wife Nina.
In July, Arsenal Holdings PLC was formed to act as parent company to The Arsenal Football Club PLC as well as a number of other companies relating to the construction of the Emirates Stadium. At this point 2 special subscriber shares were authorised and issued as part of the set-up process. These remain in issue and are held by directors on behalf of the club.
Two months later an additional 6217 shares were authorised for issue and 2947 of these were sold to Granada Media, which gave them a 5% stake in the club. This was part of a two-stage plan to raise initial finance for the new stadium project.
Total shares now authorised: 62217, plus the 2 subscriber shares held by the club.
Total shares now issued: 58947 (plus 2 subscriber shares).
By 2002, the shareholdings looked like this:
Danny Fiszman 15659 (26.6%) David Dein (Vice-chairperson) 9072 (15.4%) Richard Carr 2722 (4.6%) Charles Bracewell-Smith 7704 (13.1%) Granada Media 2947 (5.0%) Nina Bracewell-Smith 2189 (3.7%) Peter Hill-Wood (Chairman) 348 (0.6%) Roger Gibbs 200 (0.3%) Ken Friar 199 (0.3%) Others 17907 (30.4%)
Around 2003, Charles Bracewell-Smith signed over the rest of their shares into their wife's name. Nina Bracewell-Smith became the club's second biggest shareholder with 16.8%.
In May 2004 the Directors and other shareholdings were these:
Danny Fiszman 15659 (26.6%) Nina Bracewell-Smith 9893 (16.8%) David Dein (Vice-chairperson) 9072 (15.4%) Granada Media 2947 (5.0%) Richard Carr 2722 (4.6%) Peter Hill-Wood (Chairman) 348 (0.6%) Ken Friar 199 (0.3%) Roger Gibbs 50 (0.1%) Keith Edelman 25 (0.04%) Others 18032 (30.6%)
Keith Edelman's shares were actually owned by Danny Fiszman, with Edelman holding them as a nominee. The Board at the time considered that all Directors should be shareholders in name at least, an attitude that has changed in more recent years.
In 2005, Granada Media bought the rest of the unissued shares to take their stake to 6,216 (9.99%). This also meant an adjustment in the percentage of shares owned by each shareholder as this was now based on a total of 62,217 shares, rather than 58,947.
Due to an oversight in the maths when the additional shares were authorised in 2001, Granada had to leave one authorised share unpurchased, to prevent them reaching 10%. At 10% they'd have been considered a ‘major shareholder' under Premier League rules, and been unable to hold shares in any other Premier League club. The single unissued share was sold to the Arsenal Supporters' Trust for a nominal fee in 2007, with the support of all the Board at that time.
In November 2005 Lord Harris of Peckham and Sir Chips Keswick joined the Board, with each of them holding just a few shares at the time – in fact Keswick held none before they joined, then acquired 20, while Harris had 40 already and increased that to 53. However, by summer 2006 there was no major change in the bigger shareholdings.
But things were about to change: two rival billionaires both became interested in Arsenal, and a battle for control of the club was about to begin…
In Part 2: The heavyweight battle – Kroenke v Usmanov
—————–
Don't forget to subscribe to the blog (top right)
—————–
The books…
Planned community mapped out for Schertz
A developer will break ground next month on The Crossvine, a 504-acre community in Schertz that will be that city's first master-planned community.
The Crossvine, near FM 1518 and Lower Seguin Road, will have a mix of single-family homes, commercial sites and 12 miles of hike and bike trails, and will be built out over a 10-year period. The first lots will be available to home builders in the spring.
Chris Price, president of Schertz 1518 Ltd., the development's owners, said by email that the company was drawn to the location because areas closest to Interstate 35 are getting saturated with development.
The Crossvine will be closer to Interstate 10 than to I-35, the corridor that most people associate with Schertz. But it's still in the popular Schertz-Cibolo-Universal City School District.
“We noticed a submarket that had not being addressed in the Schertz market: people who were looking for high-quality, mixed-use, master-planned communities,” they said.
The development started in 2006 as Sedona Trails, with about 170 lots developed, but was hit hard by the financial crisis. Schertz 1518 Ltd. acquired the property more than a year ago and started working with city officials to redo the neighborhood's planned design.
Schertz City Manager John Kessel said the idea was to create a model community that will have healthy elements such as walking trails. City officials also liked the idea of working with a developer who would bring in a variety of builders.
“In recent years we're seeing a trend where you have large national builders who act as both the developer and the builder,” Kessel said. “We're seeing a return to the traditional model with this project. It's less of the mass-produced product. Now you can have two and three builders in the same neighborhood. It creates variety and accountability. The variety you get translates into a more interesting neighborhood. It's an organic development. Over time, it's a unique look.”
David Gwin, executive director of the Schertz Economic Development Corp., said the city created a Tax Increment Reinvestment Zone for the neighborhood.
In a TIRZ, the taxes on any increase in property values are set aside to finance public improvements such as streets and sidewalks in that area. Home prices will start in the mid- to high-$200,000s.
“We anticipate that shortly after the New Year, you'll be able to tour the model home community,” Gwin said.
The San Antonio area has some large master-planned communities, including Westover Hills, Alamo Ranch and Stone Oak. But large master-planned neighborhoods have been more common in the Houston and Dallas areas, said James Gaines, research economist with the Real Estate Center at Texas A&M University.
“The volume has got to be there to create sales volume on an annual basis,” Gaines said. “They're difficult projects to do. Many are super successful in terms of the amenities and aesthetics. Generally it takes very deep-pocket investors.”
And because it takes 10 to 20 years or more to build out most master-planned communities, timing is everything.
“You need to be lucky on the timing,” Gaines said. “You can get hit in market cycles that you can't do anything about.”
Kessel thinks that The Crossvine should open at a good time, though, as the housing market is improving and San Antonio continues to push into suburbs.
“Folks look at this market as one where that they can be in downtown in 20 minutes,” they said.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's longtime family friendship with the Aga Khan may have begun with their mother during an infamous trip to New York that caused an uproar at home 40 years ago.
The Aga Khan's half-sister, Princess Yasmin Aga Khan, is a jet-setting philanthropist who, in 1977, featured prominently in the political mini-drama involving the Trudeaus, a New York City apartment, a Russian ballet dancer and an iconic photograph of a princess and a prime minister's wife, strolling arm-in-arm along Madison Avenue.
Justin Trudeau's family getaway by private helicopter to the Aga Khan's 349-acre private island in the Bahamas over the Christmas holidays is now under investigation by Mary Dawson, the conflict of interest and ethics commissioner. The billionaire religious leader's foundation has received hundreds of millions of dollars in Canadian foreign aid money and is a registered lobbyist with the government.
In their explanation for the holiday, the prime minister said the Aga Khan was a family friend whom they have known since they were a “toddler.” Justin Trudeau was five-years-old when their mother, Margaret, a self-described free-spirit decades younger than their husband, then prime minister Pierre Trudeau, spent their sixth wedding anniversary partying with the Rolling Stones at a Toronto nightclub. They then boarded a plane for New York — where the Stones were headed next — and became the focus of intense gossip. (Stones guitarist Ronnie Wood addressed the Trudeau-fling-rumours in their 2007 memoir, Ronnie, saying of Margaret: “We had a wonderful time and their husband's name never came up.”)
Trudeau later described their New York escape as their “ultimate freedom trip.” But their freedom had its limits. Photographers caught Margaret on Madison Avenue, in a fur coat, smiling broadly and strolling arm-in-arm with an equally glamorous-looking Princess Yasmin Aga Khan. The princess was the daughter of actor Rita Hayworth and Prince Aly Khan, a royal who died in a fiery motor crash in France in 1960.
Robin Leach, the celebrity columnist, revealed Trudeau's New York hideaway as Princess Yasmin's seven-room apartment in a March 28, 1977 article for People magazine. Trudeau spoke at length, providing several sensational quotes, including a description of their 58-year-old husband as having “the body of a 25-year-old,” and their preference for wearing garter-belts and stockings.
Them time with the princess featured a trip to the ballet to watch Mikhail Baryshnikov, and a trip to the toy store, presumably to buy gifts for Justin and their two younger brothers, Sacha and Michel. Trudeau told Leach that they wanted to move to New York, part-time, to begin an apprenticeship with the famous photographer Richard Avedon. They were 28 and weary of being viewed as a prime minister's wife and nothing more.
“I pray that people will not judge Pierre by my wanting to be a woman,” they told Leach. “I am a free spirit that must survive in a free world. I am not a weirdo, a wacko or an eccentric for wanting to do good, honest work on a day-to-day basis.
“I just want to find my individuality. I am tired of being public property.”
Trudeau eventually flew home to Ottawa. The prime minister's limousine met them at the airport. The couple divorced in 1984. Margaret Trudeau was later diagnosed with bipolar disorder and is now a well-known author and mental health advocate living in Ottawa.
Attempts to reach them for comment were unsuccessful Monday.
The University of Vermont will soon host a leadership retreat exclusively for “women of color” to participate in “self-care.”
The “Women of Color Leadership Retreat”—open only to non-white, female students, faculty and staff—will be held November 3 to November 5, and was launched under a partnership between the school's Women's Center and Student Center in a collaborative effort “to celebrate our women of color and to help women grow in their leadership journey.”
"We hope to encourage the community to develop positive self-care habits."
[RELATED: UMN safe space only for ‘same-gender-loving people of color]
During the retreat, participants will “proudly take ownership of [their] unique identities as women of color from varying cultures, gender expressions, religions, spiritualities, sexual orientations, and backgrounds” through discussion and group activities.
“We hope to encourage the community to develop positive self-care habits that will positively affect our academic and co-curricular experience and strengthen our connection to, and impact on campus,” an overview of the retreat explains.
With a focus on leadership development, the retreat promises a to provide a safe space for attendees to “find meaning, healing, love, and trust” together, and ultimately to “strengthen [their] connection to, and impact on campus.”
[RELATED: College awarded $1.2 mil for ‘women of color' activists only]
Although it remains unclear where the three-day retreat will be held, it appears that significant travel may be involved, since the organizers warn that “it may be up to 10 degrees colder at the retreat site” than on campus.
Notably, the university will also hold an “Examining White Identity Retreat” later this year for students who “self-identify as white,” which previous attendees have hailed as a “safe space” to learn about “social justice” and “white privilege.”
[RELATED: UVM holds privilege retreat for students who ‘self-identify as white']
Both retreats are part of the school's extensive efforts to support students of color on campus, with the school offering resources such as “Sisterhood Circle,” a discussion group that describes itself as a “safe space” for women of color, and “Racial Aikido,” an annual retreat for students of color.
Campus Reform reached out to the University of Vermont for comment, but did not receive a response in time for publication.
Follow the author of this article on Twitter: @Toni_Airaksinen
The liberal conniption about alleged Russian “hacking” of our election has reached a boiling point. A politically dangerous Democratic narrative is emerging which posits that it was aggressive Kremlin propaganda that undermined Hillary Clinton's presidential run—not that they ran a terrible campaign which alienated the white working class to Donald Trump's benefit.
Like so many half-truths, this narrative contains its fair share of accurate claims. I know, because I was warning the public about Kremlin espionage and disinformation long before Democrats suddenly became passionately interested in the subject because it was hurting their candidate. After Vladimir Putin seized Crimea in early 2014 and began a war of aggression against Ukraine, Russian propaganda efforts aimed at the West went into overdrive.
To anybody acquainted with well-honed Moscow agitprop techniques, this was no more than old-style KGB Active Measures sped up for the Internet age. That said, the threat posed by this online disinformation offensive is real, as I and other experts counseled years ago (in my case, beginning with the defection of Edward Snowden to Moscow in June 2013). However, it was frankly difficult to get the mainstream media interested in this rising problem—at least until the Kremlin's disinformation machine went after Hillary, as it did in 2016 with gusto.
The Washington Post reported this week that Kremlin-backed websites pushed “fake news” regularly portraying Hillary and the Democrats in a negative light. There's really nothing new here for anybody who's followed Russian propaganda for any length of time. Kremlin agitprop aimed at the West—properly termed disinformation—contains an amalgam of fact and fiction, plus lots of gray information somewhere in between which can be difficult and time-consuming to refute.
Back in the 1980s, when the KGB was pumping all kinds of outlandish conspiracy theories into Western media outlets to smear the Reagan administration, Washington got proficient at countering this sort of nasty deception (the Pentagon created AIDS, for instance). The Active Measures Working Group, an interagency entity stood up expressly to debunk Kremlin lies, became effective at its job, drawing on expertise from various government departments and agencies. With Cold War victory, however, it folded along with the Soviet Union.
By mid-2014, it was apparent that Moscow was up to its old disinformation tricks again, and it was obvious to anybody acquainted with the Kremlin that Washington needed to react to the torrents of lies filtering into Western media thanks to Russian intelligence and its friends in the West. Putin, that wily KGB veteran, is familiar with Active Measures, and their Kremlin has become more aggressive about employing it abroad than the Politburo ever was.
There were hardly any veterans of the Active Measures Working Group still on active service by 2014, however, so Washington quietly cobbled together a shoestring effort—no more than handful of experts—to start debunking Kremlin disinformation. Its mission was clear: track Russian lies aimed at the West, particularly falsehoods designed to harm the United States and its allies, then show how they are false.
However, that worthy effort never got off the ground and its website was shut before it went live. The counterpropaganda baby was strangled in the crib—by the White House. As I explained in a column titled “Obama Failed to Fight Putin's Propaganda Machine,” which appeared almost exactly one year before our election:
Nearly a year ago, the State Department created a Counter-Disinformation Team, inside its Bureau of International Information Programs, as a small, start-up effort to resist Russian disinformation. Consisting of only a handful of staffers, it was supposed to expose the most laughable Moscow lies about America and the West that are disseminated regularly via RT and other outlets. They created a beta website and prepared to wage the struggle for truth online. Alas, their website never went live. Recently the State Department shut down the tiny Counter-Disinformation Team and any efforts by the Obama administration to resist Putin's propaganda can now be considered dead before birth. Intelligence Community sources tell me that it was closed out of a deep desire inside the White House “not to upset the Russians.”
Yet again, President Obama's unwillingness to confront Putin and their regime about anything—Syria, Ukraine, deploying nuclear missiles next to Poland—only encouraged the honey badger in the Kremlin to grow more adventurous and aggressive. By refusing to debunk noxious Russian lies, Obama encouraged Putin to tell more of them—including about Hillary Clinton. This culminated in the Russian intelligence operation which employed Wikileaks as a front to disseminate Democratic emails which had been intercepted by Moscow—as I told you months ago, and which the National Security Agency has recently admitted.
A year ago, knowing that killing our counterpropaganda effort in Washington was certain to beget more Kremlin lies aimed at our country and its institutions, I asked several pertinent questions about why the White House acted as it did:
Who killed the Counter-Disinformation Team and why? What did the team produce during the time it existed? What has become of this product? How many people were on it? Does the State Department not consider countering Kremlin disinformation to be in its remit? Does the White House agree? What about the National Security Council? Is anybody in the U.S. government authorized to debunk Putin's lies—if so, who? If not, why not?
To this day, nobody has answered any of those questions. Democrats are clamoring for a Congressional investigation of clandestine Russian operations which influenced our election this year, and that's a great idea. At the outset, they should demand that the White House answer the questions I asked a year ago—they are the logical place to start any inquiry into what went wrong in Washington, and why.
It's past time to ditch wishful thinking and embrace clarity, what spies term “ground truth.” Russian intelligence interfered with American democracy this year. The extent of its impact on our election is debatable, and may not be fully understood for years. However, the blame for Russian disinformation damaging Hillary Clinton and their party—in particular, the lack of any pushback from Washington, which allowed the Kremlin's deception machine to go into overdrive—lies not with Donald Trump or the Republicans, but with Barack Obama himself.
Disclosure: Donald Trump is the father-in-law of Jared Kushner, the publisher of Observer Media.
John Schindler is a security expert and former National Security Agency analyst and counterintelligence officer. A specialist in espionage and terrorism, he's also been a Navy officer and a War College professor. He's published four books and is on Twitter at @20committee.
Ever since we saw that cloaked figure brandishing a katana sword while accompanied by two chained up armless zombies in The Walking Dead's season 2 finale, fans have been salivating for a first look at the woman under the hood — Michonne. That first look is now here. A fan favorite from The Walking Dead comic book on which the AMC series is based, Michonne will be played by actor Danai Gurira (Treme) when the show returns for season 3 this October, and here is your exclusive first taste of what they will look like.
Image credit: Gene Page/AMC[/caption]
In the comics, Michonne is an unflinching warrior who proves to be powerful ally for Rick Grimes and the rest of the survivors. But how different will the onscreen version be? “The essence of the character — their personality, their motives, everything that makes Michonne Michonne — remains intact from the comics,” says Robert Kirkman (the creator of the comic and executive producer of the TV adaptation). “But like a lot of things on the show, there will be little tweaks and differences here and there. We saw that their introduction is slightly different from how it was in the comic, and their interaction with Andrea is really going to be a really cool addition to the character that I think will get television viewers up to speed, and they'll get to know them a lot faster than comic book readers did.”
As for why they cast the relatively unknown Danai Gurira for the pivotal role, Kirkman says, “We looked at a lot of talented people that were really fantastic, but we were waiting for that one spark, that moment where everyone was completely in agreement and completely excited, and we felt like we had found the essence of this fictional character that just randomly appeared in another person, and that person was Danai Gurira. They kind of came in and really just blew us all away. She's got incredible presence, and she's got a theater background, and is very physical, and was just perfect for the role.”
Kirkman is equally enthusiastic about the big location setting for season 3, as Rick and company attempt to turn a prison into their new zombie-proof fortress. “It looks absolutely amazing,” gushes Kirkman. “They are shooting the hell out of this prison. It just looks absolutely stunning, and I think when people start seeing trailers and stuff for this season, I think people are just gonna be like, “Wait, what? This is what? I can't believe this is a TV show!” It's really creepy, really moody and it's just gonna be really awesome.”
For more ‘Walking Dead' news, follow me on Twitter @DaltonRoss.
Read more:
Andrew Lincoln promises a ‘darker' ‘Walking Dead'
‘Walking Dead' comic's 100th issue to be celebrated with zombie obstacle course during Comic-Con — EXCLUSIVE
‘Walking Dead': Which major character was lucky to survive this season?
How long will global uranium deposits fuel the world's nuclear reactors at present consumption rates?
Steve Fetter, dean of the University of Maryland's School of Public Policy, supplies an answer:
If the Nuclear Energy Agency (NEA) has accurately estimated the planet's economically accessible uranium resources, reactors could run more than 200 years at current rates of consumption.
Most of the 2.8 trillion kilowatt-hours of electricity generated worldwide from nuclear power every year is produced in light-water reactors (LWRs) using low-enriched uranium (LEU) fuel. About 10 metric tons of natural uranium go into producing a metric ton of LEU, which can then be used to generate about 400 million kilowatt-hours of electricity, so present-day reactors require about 70,000 metric tons of natural uranium a year.
According to the NEA, identified uranium resources total 5.5 million metric tons, and an additional 10.5 million metric tons remain undiscovered—a roughly 230-year supply at today's consumption rate in total. Further exploration and improvements in extraction technology are likely to at least double this estimate over time.
Using more enrichment work could reduce the uranium needs of LWRs by as much as 30 percent per metric ton of LEU. And separating plutonium and uranium from spent LEU and using them to make fresh fuel could reduce requirements by another 30 percent. Taking both steps would cut the uranium requirements of an LWR in half.
Two technologies could greatly extend the uranium supply itself. Neither is economical now, but both could be in the future if the price of uranium increases substantially. First, the extraction of uranium from seawater would make available 4.5 billion metric tons of uranium—a 60,000-year supply at present rates. Second, fuel-recycling fast-breeder reactors, which generate more fuel than they consume, would use less than 1 percent of the uranium needed for current LWRs. Breeder reactors could match today's nuclear output for 30,000 years using only the NEA-estimated supplies.
Editor's Note: This question was submitted by G. Peck of Seward, Alaska and will be printed in the March 2009 issue of Scientific American.
Hilary Duff lands new TV deal with NBC
Former Disney star Hilary Duff is returning to TV – after signing a deal to star in their own series.
Duff, now 21, has signed a one-year development deal with NBC that sees the former Lizzie McGuire star getting their own series and appear in other NBC network television shows. Details of the show are yet to be worked out.
Duff starred in a 2004 CBS pilot that wasn't picked up to series; since then, she's focused on their music and movie careers. The actor starred in this year's “War, Inc.,” and will next be seen in the 2009 features “Safety Glass,” “Stay Cool” and “Greta.”
Teri Weinberg, executive vice president of NBC Entertainment quoted by Reuters said Duff was “an incredibly versatile talent with a huge following.”
They starred in the teen movies “A Cinderella Story” (2004) and “Material Girls” in 2006.
Omnivore, the 8-bit Binary Editor¶
Hex Editor • Bitmap Viewer • Disassembler • Mini-assembler • Map Editor • Jumpman Level Editor
Omnivore is a cross-platform app for modern hardware (running Linux, OS X and Windows) to operate on executables or disk images of Atari 8-bit and Apple ][ machines.
Thanks to Kevin Savetz of the ANTIC Podcast and Wade of the Inverse ATASCII Podcast for early testing and feedback.
You can see the project on github. It is open-source and licensed under the GNU General Public License.
Check out my blog for updates on the development of the code.
The Omnivore User's Manual is finally available!
Downloads¶ Source is available at my github page. Binaries are available for Windows and OS X, for the latest version visit the downloads page. It is a 32-bit application on Windows (which also works on 64-bit systems), and on Mac it is 64-bit, Intel architecture only. Linux users can install python 2.7, wxPython, and then use pip: pip install numpy pip install omnivore
Documentation¶ The manual is available here online or browseable from within the application using the Help -> User Guide menu item. The documentation is still a work in progress, but summaries of most commands are available.
Features¶ Opens Atari 8-bit disk images in .ATR and .XFD format (single, double, and enhanced densities)
Opens Apple ][ disk images in 140K .DSK format
Opens .XEX executable images
Understands Atari DOS, SpartaDOS, KBoot, and Apple DOS 3.3 formats for viewing and extracting files
Save data in same format
Edit entire disk image or in logical segments
Unlimited undo/redo
Copy/paste
Built-in support for default Atari and Apple ][ character sets
Custom character set support
Custom color definition or default NTSC or PAL colors
Multiple views of the same data in different windows; changes are reflected in all windows Hex Editor¶ Displays data in multiple forms: hex, binary, character graphics, disassembly
Select regions and copy/paste
Multiple selection: operate on multiple selected regions as if it were a contiguous block of data
Smart search that matches in hex grid, character map, or disassembly comments
Highlights all matches, move forward and backward among them
Operate on hex data in selected regions (logical functions, shift/rotate, set/clear, arithmetic functions)
Edit hex data right in the hex grid
Character map supports all ANTIC text character modes, Apple ][ normal (blinking!) text, Apple //e mouse text
Character map may display either ATASCII or internal ANTIC format
Edit character data right in the character map window
Multiple CPU support for disassembler: 6502, 65c02, 65816, Z80, and many other 8-bit CPUs
Miniassembler for all supported CPUs allowing you to change the assembly code without needing a 6502 reference card
Multiple memory map support; currently provides Atari 8-bit or Atari 5200
Data/code region support for disassembler to show byte data in known data regions
ANTIC display list disassembly
Add comments to locations or regions for note-taking while reverse engineering
Show differences to a baseline version Jumpman Level Editor¶ Edit levels in the Atari 8-bit version of Jumpman
Full GUI, point-and-click on objects
Built-in MAC/65-compatible assembler for enhancing levels with custom code
Cut/Copy/Paste
Full undo
Set trigger actions
Edit the creation/removal of construction elements on collection triggers
Edit level settings Map Editor¶ Edit arbitrarily wide images
Rectangular copy/paste
Select drawing character (“ink”) from character set palette
Draw freehand
Draw lines
Draw rectangle
Draw filled rectangles
Copy between different maps
WATCH ABOVE: Unraveling the sweetest heist – 16×9 investigates one of the largest thefts in Quebec history.
Police in Quebec have made two more arrests in connection with the $18 million dollar maple syrup heist in Quebec. Police allege the crime took place over the course of a year between 2011 and 2012.
Teriak Caron of Victoriaville and Inuok Caron of Holy Rosary will appear at the Trois- Rivières court house to face charges of theft over $5,000 and possession of stolen syrup with the intent to sell it.
According to police documents, obtained by 16×9, an elaborate team of thieves was assembled to steal 6 million pounds of maple syrup for sale on the black market.
Both men are related to Avik Caron who police say was one of the central players in the theft.
How did $18M worth of maple syrup go missing from a warehouse in Quebec?
What started as a routine inventory check at a warehouse in Saint-Louis-de-Blandford, Quebec, in July 2012 unveiled one of the weirdest capers in Quebec history.
In that warehouse was stored the world's back-up supply of maple syrup: 16,000 barrels of it. To most, it didn't sound like anything worth stealing or protecting. After all, it's just a condiment. But what thieves knew was that one barrel of maple syrup is worth 13 times the price of crude oil – and in that warehouse there was $30 million of inventory.
The back-up supply of syrup, otherwise known as the Global Strategic Reserve, was stored in that warehouse in the event of a bad harvest year. It's owned by the Federation of Quebec Maple Syrup Producers, an organization which, by law, strictly regulates the production and sale of all wholesale maple syrup in Quebec.
When the Federation rented the space in June 2011, it knew there was minimal security at the warehouse. There were no cameras or alarms in place – but, it defends, it couldn't have imagined someone wanting to steal maple syrup.
But someone did.
And, according to police documents, an elaborate team of thieves was assembled to pull it off. People who had access to the warehouse allegedly joined up with a network of truck drivers, rented warehouses across the province – and made connections with people in the maple syrup industry who knew how to move six million pounds of contraband syrup on the black market. Much of the illegal syrup ended up outside the province, in Ontario, New Brunswick and largely, the U.S. Only a quarter of the syrup was ever recovered.
According to police documents, while the criminal ring was quickly moving the syrup out of the warehouse, they made sure to refill the barrels with water — aware someone might come to check on the inventory at any point.
One of the men who worked for the Federation told police that they noticed water around one of the barrels one day and approached their supervisor. According to allegations contained in court records, their manager offered them a thousand dollars in hush money – and even more to join the cause. By day they would work for the Federation – by night, they say they worked for the criminal organization.
By all accounts the Federation was completely unaware that, for a year, barrels were being stolen from their prized reserve.
But neighbours had their suspicions.
Raymond Pepin found the volume of traffic on the narrow road leading to the warehouse unusually busy. Trucks would drive up and down the access road at all hours; Saturday at midnight, Sunday morning. What's more, they said, the gate was often left open and the lock was cut.
It would take months to realize the size of the heist – and months more for police to interview more than two hundred witnesses.
In then end, 26 people were arrested. Two people have pleaded guilty; charges against another three have been dropped, while the rest maintain their innocence. Trial dates haven't been set. And the money– possibly $18 million – which someone may have fetched for selling that much syrup, was never retrieved.
16×9's “The Sweetest Heist” airs this Saturday at 7pm.
NEWARK, N.J. (AP) - A doctor has admitted accepting thousands of dollars in bribes in exchange for sending patients for tests at two labs.
Federal prosecutors say 54-year-old Vincent Destasio pleaded guilty to conspiracy. The Toms River man now faces up to five years in prison when he's sentenced Sept. 26.
Destasio, an osteopath with offices in Toms River, accepted kickbacks from two people who operated a marketing and sales company specializing in blood and DNA testing labs. Officials have said Destasio got about $25,000 through the scheme that ran from March 2014 through last May.
Prosecutors say Destasio got paid for referring patient lab work to two separate labs. The labs had no knowledge or involvement in the scheme.
The two people who bribed Destasio have pleaded guilty and are awaiting sentencing.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC.
The Web is an ever changing place and the first half of the year has been rich in surprises, big announcements and industry shifts! A diversity of implementations is good for many reasons we will discuss. But a more fragmented web could be the price to pay. Will it be the case?
About Implementation diversity
A few weeks ago Opera announced they were stopping work on their Presto rendering engine and switching to Chromium. They have already started contributing code to the project. Then, earlier this month, Google announced the Blink project, essentially a new fork of WebKit. And now Opera announced they will contribute to Blink!
Reactions were interesting as we went from WebKit monopoly concerns to worries about web platform fragmentation in a matter of weeks. Quite a 180 degrees turn!
At Adobe, we actively contribute to Web standards and browser implementations (historically mostly WebKit and Chromium, even though we also make some contributions to Gecko). As such we are delighted to see Opera join one of the projects we contribute to. Their considerable web expertise will undoubtedly be an asset.
There was some debate before the Blink announcement about whether or not we were heading for a WebKit monoculture: a web where content can be written with the assumption a WebKit-based engine is most likely to render it. While WebKit browsers share much core layout code they also differ in many ways at runtime: different JavaScript engines and graphics libraries, even different sets of features enabled by default. This makes it difficult in practice to write once for WebKit and run everywhere.
So we were not too concerned about a WebKit monoculture. But…
… there was a but in that view. The web is bigger than any one of its leading browser implementations and too important to be limited to a single code base even if that implementation has variations. The web is even growing to be an OS platform (e.g., ChromeOS, FirefoxOS, the new Windows Runtime), the core technology behind packaged applications (like PhoneGap applications). And ongoing innovation across HTML, JavaScript (in the TC-39 group at ECMA) and CSS needs validation, testing, consolidation.
As Brendan Eich says in their blog about “why Mozilla matters”:
“The web needs multiple implementations of its evolving standards to keep them interoperable.”
I believe this tenet to be central to delivering on the promise of the Open Web. A single implementation does not establish a standard. The W3C process even recommends two implementations in order for a specification to reach completion.
The Web needs Mozilla's Gecko and Microsoft's Trident engines to nurture an open, innovative environment. Historically, both companies have done a lot for the Web – think of XHR which Microsoft invented (among other key contributions) or WOFF from Mozilla – and they continue to innovate: Microsoft and Mozilla co-edit the CSS Grid specification, which provides much needed and improved layout flexibility to CSS.
I trust that the addition of Blink will strengthen an already healthy browser competition. Over time, the Blink code base will diverge from WebKit's but no harm to the web occurs if both engines implement the same features in different ways. Only significantly different feature sets could result in harmful fragmentation. Making sure that WebKit, Blink and other browser engines interoperate is more important than it has ever been.
About testing, fragmentation and experimental features
As the founders of Test the Web Forward, we have come to appreciate the mutually reinforcing benefits multiple independent implementations bring to standards. Historically, testing has been key to the success of web standards. For example, the focused testing effort on CSS 2.1 has shaped that specification and its implementations in the corner stone CSS has become. A single implementation would leave a lot of stones unturned.
It should also be noted that the Blink policy regarding prefixes is really good for standards and compatibility across browsers: draft standard features can become truly experimental features that will not be used (and abused) in production. This should help avoid browser compatibility headaches down the line and I hope this example will be followed by all browsers.
About fragmentation and Adobe's contributions
In this new web platform landscape, what about Adobe's contributions to open source browsers? What impact does additional browser fragmentation have on Adobe's efforts?
Adobe contributes to standards in open browser implementations for many reasons.
One of them is that our new generation Edge tools use a ‘web design surface'. For well over a year now, we have chosen to use the Chromium Embeded Framework (CEF) to provide this ‘web design surface'. So naturally, we will contribute to Blink since it is now the core engine that powers CEF.
Another reason for contributing to open browsers is to accelerate the availability of new features on the web. This is why we collaborate with Mozilla on a number of standards and contribute code to Gecko (like this patch on masking for canvas). And this is why we will also contribute to WebKit, in addition to Blink, now that the two are separate projects.
An open, innovative and tested web!
So yes, I think it is good to have multiple browser engines and Blink is a welcome addition to the web platform landscape. It is bringing a healthy diversity that I hope will help keep the web open and foster innovation as long as all browsers strive to implement ‘the same web'.
And this is where testing efforts are key to achieving diversity without fragmentation. I hope testing activities (of browser code of course, but of standard test suites as well and major initiatives that the W3C is driving) will be a major focus for all the browser vendors going forward, in particular for Google with its new Blink implementation.
During their childhood holidays in the 1960s, Fergal Keane had a number of loquacious raconteurs who would regale them with stories about Irish history. There was Eamon, their father, a fine actor and a romantic nationalist, who also happened to have a weakness for the bottle. Then John B, the famous Irish playwright, novelist, poet, and essayist, who owned a public house in Listowel town.
During their childhood holidays in the 1960s, Fergal Keane had a number of loquacious raconteurs who would regale them with stories about Irish history. There was Eamon, their father, a fine actor and a romantic nationalist, who also happened to have a weakness for the bottle. Then John B, the famous Irish playwright, novelist, poet, and essayist, who owned a public house in Listowel town.
Here, talk would often switch between fallen republican martyrs, the famine, and haunting ghosts from the Cromwellian era.
History, Keane was quickly learning - through colourful oral folklore - had given the people of north Kerry such a yearning for land, that some were even prepared to kill for it.
However, with age, Keane sensed these stories - while romantic and engaging - were full of simple endings, drink-fuelled sentimentality, and one-sided universal truths.
Then in 1980, while watching Robert Kee's documentary, Ireland - A Television History, Keane heard old IRA veterans talking - without sentiment - about a killing that was connected to their family in north Kerry.
Keane's main raison d'etre for penning this book is an attempt to understand what makes seemingly rational individuals, under certain circumstances, become cold-blooded killers.
Is it possible, they ask, to compartmentalise war in one's life and move on? Or, do the ghosts of war haunt individuals for generations?
Wounds: A Memoir of War and Love grapples with these questions by looking at three principal characters: Hanna Purtill, Keane's grandmother, their brother, Mick, and their friend, Con Brosnan. Hanna served with Cumann na mBan during the War of Independence of 1919-21; while the other two men were active IRA volunteers.
All three would find themselves connected to the murder of Tobias O'Sullivan: an RIC officer who was gunned down in Listowel in January 1921. The 21-year-old Brosnan was part of the killing squad. Keane's grandmother and great-uncle were not directly involved in the murder.
But they played their part too: with intelligence gathering and the smuggling of weapons to fellow IRA members.
Two innocent men were later sentenced to death for the murder of O'Sullivan. Brosnan, meanwhile, went on to become a local publican and GAA hero: winning six All-Ireland medals for Kerry.
The murder happened just yards from the household in Church Street, Listowel, where Keane spent so much of their youth.
The experienced war reporter retraces the murder in real time, with clinical scientific precision.
"The autopsy carried out by the army doctor on the day of the killing recorded [four] bullets," Keane writes: "One struck [O'Sullivan's] head, the other entered between the spine and shoulder blade, another blasted into the side of their head, [the last one] fractured their right arm," they add.
In the official version of Irish history, The War of Independence was fought by dashing young men in long trench coats, who were always righteous, just, and heroic.
In this same narrative, the Civil War of 1922-23 - where former comrades executed each other without mercy - is simply brushed over and barely spoken about.
Keane avoids the romantic cliches and simple soundbites of Irish history here. Instead they write about war - on a universal level - for what it really is: complex, savage, sometimes heroic, often unjust, barbaric, and psychologically damaging.
Keane's writing is emotive, without being over-sentimental; and it's balanced and fair-minded, without being judgmental to those who took critical decisions for their own freedoms - under extreme circumstances - at a pivotal moment in Irish and global history.
"My forebears made a choice that might have led to prison or an early grave. They were idealists and had immense courage," Keane writes.
And yet, the author is consistently aware of war's double-sided sword of suffering: ''My grandmother and their brother became involved in inflicting terror on members of the Crown forces. This also meant terror and sorrow for the families of police officer and soldiers," Keane adds.
The journalist is no stranger to trauma himself. In their late 30s they suffered from depression, after watching brutal acts of violence committed in Northern Ireland and Rwanda.
This memoir is as much about making sense of Keane's own traumatic past and immediate family circumstances, as it is about the wider historical narrative he's covering: Keane's family, growing up, was ravaged by alcohol abuse, depression, and lingering psychological pain.
Keane delicately juxtaposes the private and public spheres of war against each other; and uses the family as a microcosm to tell a greater story about the nation state; in all of its fragilities, frailties, and disappointments.Especially when the harsh and depressive economic and political reality set in; once the Irish Free State came into existence in 1922.
Bursting with solid archival research, and top-notch writing - that is empathetic, honest, and poetic in equal measure - Wounds: A Memoir of War and Love is the most impressive work of non-fiction I've read this year.
Sunday Independent
Lawrence Ferlinghetti, who will be turning 94 later this month, can still be said to have enormous influence on poetry and the culture at large. Their book A Coney Island of the Mind has sold over a million copies to date. Their City Lights press published not only Allen Ginsberg's Howl, but also seminal work by Gregory Corso, Bob Kaufman, Denise Levertov, Philip Lamantia, Frank O'Hara, and more. The bookstore that they co-founded, City Lights in San Francisco's North Beach, continues to be a mecca for travelers from all over.  They are also a serious and powerful painter. Recently, three generations of poets (Garrett Caples, my editor at City Lights; Julie Rogers, my wife; and I) visited Ferlinghetti in their second-floor apartment in San Francisco. We sat in their light-filled kitchen and talked about everything from their latest collection, Time of Useful Consciousness (a sequel to their 2004 book Americus, Book I), to Kenneth Rexroth and their 1950s soirees.
What I value among other things in Time of Useful Consciousness is its rich context, its deep pile of references. I also find it a cri de coeur.
It's my generation's consciousness, the consciousness of the generation that grew up under the influence of Ezra Pound and T.S. Eliot, particularly Eliot, and books like Thomas Wolfe's Look Homeward, Angel. These were important books for my generation. I'm talking about writers or poets who came of age during the Second World War. My book is full with steals from poets and writers. I have a list of credits for all the steals from various poets in the book, but I decided not to use them.
Book I of Americus [Times of Useful Consciousness is subtitled Americus, Book II] included over five pages of notes, crediting multiple sources. This time around, I queried New Directions to see if their lawyers had any objections to my not crediting sources, since all the quotes seemed to fall well within the “fair use” clause. ... Since there was no objection, the notes were omitted. Scholars would have to test their own footnoted memories.
You know, when I get those steals, I know what you're talking about.
But the generations after you have no idea.
I imagine less and less, but it has to do too with the nature of reading. … You said that you were feeling that you had to end with joy, some point of hope, and go back to Whitman's barbaric yawp, the “yes” of Molly Bloom, because it was getting darker and darker. … Are you disappointed in how things turned out?
The book becomes darker and darker as the narrative thickens and you get toward the end, and then it gets to page 86 and I suddenly say, “Enough! Enough!” Up till then it's really the whole world ending, about to blow up. I could have been even more specific. For instance, the latest, most advanced climate scientists are saying it's quite possible the human race won't outlast this century. In other words, the ecological tipping point is just a few years away.
Popular culture is too intent on high-tech unreality to have any transforming, emotional force in the real world. … You know, there's a poem by Cavafy called “Waiting for the Barbarians.” The Greek senate is waiting for the barbarians to arrive in Athens, the barbarians are at the gates, they're at the borders, but they never arrive.
At the end of my book, it's waiting for the barbarians. I have a poem very near the end, after I say “Enough, enough! Enough of this doomsday,” this “loud lament of the disconsolate chimera,” which is a steal from T.S. Eliot's Four Quartets. For some optimism: “Are there not still fireflies / Are there not still four-leaf clovers / Is not our land still beautiful…”
You know, in practically every television ad, someone is doing something with an electronic device. In the sixties, one of the slogans was “Be Here Now.” Now with email and iPhone and ePhone, whatever phone, it should be “Be Somewhere Else Now.”
[Laughter]
Back to [my] book, Time of Useful Consciousness, I should have added to the final notes … that this book is very much affected by techniques Dos Passos uses in the USA. They have “The Camera Eye,” which roams across the country. And another technique: “Newsreel,” where they reproduce newsreel headlines. I did that a lot in Book I of Americus and somewhat in this book, especially in the Chicago section, where I'm using these Dos Passos technique because Dos Passos's novel was really the great novel for its period. It summarized and synthesized the consciousness in America for their time, which I try to do in a much more reduced scale in this book.
Since we're talking about the impact of technology, those Dos Passos devices were reflecting technology's impact too—the world of radio sound bites, headlines, movies—to create a texture of culture reflecting that impact.
Americus, Book I began in Europe and ended with the assassination of Kennedy in New York. This book picks up at that point. Historically speaking, my generation was dubbed “the greatest generation” by some TV journalist. So this is the greatest generation. We win the war, we come home, but often not for long. A lot of us didn't stay home; we took off.
It was still “Go west, young man!” in 1945. I had that in the back of my mind. My mother was still alive in Baltimore and my brothers wanted me to stay there, but I had to go west. It was as if the whole continent tilted westward. But it took until the early 1950s for the whole new scene, all these disparate elements from all over the country, to coalesce into a new culture. It happened in San Francisco, not New York. So many things started here, like Fillmore Auditorium. The first light show was at the Longshoreman's Hall down here. Then it went east. Then it went…
International.
Then it went to England and became the Beatles. And the Beatles spelled their name “B E A T.” Then you have the electronic revolution in Silicon Valley. That began here and went all over the world. Everything came, this whole new culture coalesced in the '50s. We were really lucky to be here at the cusp of when it all happened.
And my narrative arrives in San Francisco in Canto VIII: “San Francisco! the radiant city, / with an island climate and an island consciousness / not really a part of the United States / a kind of off-shore colony.” That's the feeling I had when I arrived here. It's sort of like Naples, where the people consider themselves Neapolitans first and then Italians. “A kind of off-shore colony…” This is the part I got from Kenneth Rexroth: “Settled by adventurers prospectors drifters / fishermen…” Kenneth Rexroth was fond of saying that the city was founded by a bunch of drifters, drunks, adventurers, con men, and ladies of virtue. And the bourgeoisie moved in later and put up curtains.
I did want to ask about Rexroth.
They were a thinker-poet. I went to their early Friday night soirees when I first arrived in town. Kirby, my wife at that time, had a friend who went to Swarthmore College. They were a poet. Them name was Holly Beye, and they knew the Rexroths. Holly took us to one of the Rexroths' soirees. Must have been in 1953.
Scott Street?
250 Scott Street, which is the old Fillmore [district]. The Fillmore there was totally black, and this apartment was an old, rambling apartment above Jack's Record Cellar. A really big old flat, totally furnished with apple boxes up to the ceiling full of books, most of which he'd gotten as review copies.
Rexroth had enormous influence in those days, with their books program on the early KPFA. I went to the Friday night soirees and was so bowled over I didn't dare open my mouth for about a year. Rexroth was a polymath with an encyclopedic memory, and I learned so much from him. They were a far greater poet, translator, teacher, and cultural force than Ezra Pound in an earlier generation, and they were the first to tell you so.
They remind me of Robert Duncan, another one of these amazing talkers. He'd just go off and continue on into the night.
The best was when Robert Duncan got together with Philip Lamantia. The two of them were fantastic talkers. It was always associations, associative talking, surrealist talking, so one word in one sentence could send Philip Lamantia off in another direction, all about kabbalah, and then a phrase and something they said then would send them off. Robert, when they got excited, their voice would get higher while Rexroth's would lower. Well, I should have given Rexroth a little more credit in this book. I was a totally unknown poet. They chose me to read with them at the Cellar with the Jazz Cellar Quartet in 1958, when they did those Fantasy records, Poetry in the Cellar.
Garrett Caples enters the conversation: The question I kept coming back to was [this]: there's a lot of the sense of what is lost about America—a lot of bad things in terms of the racial politics, especially. The book is eloquent about what's gone, but there seems a certain one-sidedness to it; there isn't much to suggest anything…
Positive?
Caples: Positive. Whereas there has been some progress made on the social relation front. It may be easier to be gay or a minority in this culture now. Or another way to put it: is the book too nostalgic?
Too nostalgic? Do you consider lines like “Internet gamblers and dot-com billionaires / coked up in stretch limos” to be nostalgic? Or “Man too stupid or too greedy / to save themselves from eco-catastrophe”? The narrative finally gets down to “Enough! Enough!” And then it tries to be positive and optimistic at the end. It ends up appealing to Walt Whitman, who was the great eternal optimist. And you notice that the fourth line from the end of the book [is] “Out of the closet endlessly rocking.”
Meltzer: There's lots of that in the book—punning, wordplay, references—a sense of joy in your work, which is a great blessing. Fun and puns.
I could have gone on from there, as to where democracy ends up, with the elite still in control—the 1 percent and the 99 percent. I had this theme going through from the beginning, steering toward democracy, from the Greeks up to today. I could have gone on from there in saying there were good things that come out of the American experiment, but I was not writing an academic paper.
Meltzer: You cite a lot of them.
I could have gone into a lot of things like acceptance of homosexuality, or the equality of women, but then it becomes a sociological tract.
Caples: I've got another question; you have a passage about Woody Guthrie and Bob Dylan and Pete Seeger and Johnny Cash: “the popular poets of America…” I feel this is a line you've been pushing a bit, that there's a lot of lost musicality in a lot of contemporary poetry. But it seems like an unfair comparison. I mean, poets are poets and songwriters are songwriters, you know? What's the point of comparing poets to folk musicians, ultimately? They're two different…
The folk musicians are the real poets, the real popular poets of America. The poets that are printed in books, how many people read them compared to the vast audience of the folksinger? A lot of the folksingers' poems are greater than the printed poems! Dylan's early songs were long surrealist poems. They were wonderful poems on their own. You could say the same of some of the Woody Guthrie lines… The printing press made poetry so silent. Before the printing press, poets spoke and sang aloud! They didn't depend on the book. The Beats were the first poets since Carl Sandburg and Vachel Lindsay to make performance aloud more important than the printed version. The oral message came first.
Caples: But still at the same time it seems like there are folksingers and there are poets. Poets aren't folksingers, so why hold them to the standard of a folksinger in that sense? Of course, a folksinger is going to be more popular than a poet.
Why not hold them to the same standards as folksingers? Or do you want to keep them forever in their cubbyholes?
Caples: But if you ask me, this is a very musical book, and it doesn't matter that it's printed on the page. You get to the second or third page and you just go. And the syntax, you don't even know where you are and you're just moving there musically. “The one with the eye of the horse / the one with the light in their eye…” This is a very musical book.
Of course, I took that from Bob Dylan's “Jack of Hearts.”
Caples: But it almost seems to me that it's kind of needlessly beating up on poetry.
It needs to be beat up! It's not saying enough. It's somewhere on cloud nine. Have you read any of the poems in The New Yorker or the New York Review of Books lately? They don't know what to do with poetry these days.
Meltzer: Why is poetry stuck in that zone?
Maybe because too much of it doesn't make any sense to anybody. Just a small group digs it, despite the welter of poetry books published today, probably more today than any time in history…. My present book, Time of Useful Consciousness, probably won't get a single major review. I expect that. The messages are not what the dominant culture wants to hear.
Meltzer: Hasn't that always been the case, even in the '20s and '30s? Some poets were popular, like Sandburg, and at the same time, there were poets who weren't revered. … Yet poetry has always been of the people, by the people, and for the people… In the oral tradition, that's how news was conveyed, that's how history was conveyed. That was the responsibility of the poet. Have many of the poets become irresponsible? And to whom should they be responsible?
They have to be responsible to himself.
Do they have any other obligations?
Well, yeah, they have the obligation to say something important, say something that would be important to other people, not to their own belly button.
Julie Rogers: Quote that, and the lint therein.
“A thing of beauty is a joy for ever: / Its loveliness increases; it will never / Pass into nothingness.”
REQUEST A SCREENING
Request a screening of Indie Game: The Movie here
SCREENINGS
Seattle, WA - Theatrical Run
SIFF Cinema at the Uptown
April 27-May 13th
Mar 2 - Santa Cruz, CA
The Rio Theatre, Friday, March 2 at 7:00pm SOLDOUT
The screening includes an extended panel with the filmmakers and the creators of Super Meat Boy, Edmund McMillen and Tommy Refenes. Also, includes prizes from Team Meat and Adobe®.
Mar 6 - San Francisco, CA
Embarcadero Centre Cinema, Tues, Mar 6th
7:00pm SOLDOUT & 9:30pm SOLDOUT
The screening includes an in-person Q&A with the filmmakers and Adobe® prizes.
Mar 15 - Asheville, NC
The Fine Arts Theatre,Thursday, March 15th at 7pm
The screening includes an in-person Q&A with Super Meat Boy co-creator and North Carolina native Tommy Refenes as well as the filmmakers.
Mar 16 - Raleigh / Cary, NC
The Galaxy Theatre, Friday, March 16th at 7pm SOLDOUT & 9:30pm
The screening includes an in-person Q&A with Super Meat Boy co-creator and North Carolina native Tommy Refenes as well as the filmmakers. Second show added!
Brought to you in association with Epic Games & Red Storm Entertainment.
SECOND SHOW ADDED!
Mar 20 - Atlanta, GA
The Plaza Theatre,Tuesday, March 20th at 7:30pm
The screening includes an in-person Q&A with the filmmakers.
Brought to you in association with Thrust Interactive & IGDA - Atlanta.
Mar 23 - Seattle, WA
SIFF Cinema at the Uptown,Friday, March 23rd at 7:00pm and 9:30pm SOLD OUT
Presented in association with the Academy of Interactive Entertainment and DigiPen Institute of Technology. The screening includes an in-person Q&A with the filmmakers and Adobe® prizes.
SECOND SHOW ADDED!
Mar 28 - Portland, OR
Hollywood Theatre,Wednesday, March 28th at 7pm
The screening includes an in-person Q&A with the filmmakers and Adobe® prizes.
Brought to you in association with the Portland Mayor's Office of Film & Video, the Software Association of Oregon and PIGSquad.
Mar 29 - Palo Alto, CA
The Aquarius Theatre, Thurs, Mar 29th at 7:00pm SOLDOUT & 9:30pm
SECOND SHOW ADDED!
The screening includes an in-person Q&A with the filmmakers.
Brought to you in association with the Palo Alto International Film Festival & Talenthouse
The PAIFF is hosting a reception for ticket holders from 5:30pm - 6:30pm at Talenthouse in downtown Palo Alto - 542 High Street Palo Alto, CA 94301. (Free beer and wine!)
April 3 - Los Angeles, CA
Laemmle's Monica 4-Plex on April 3rd at 7:30pm SOLD OUT
Presented in association with G4TV and WestDoc. The screening includes an in-person Q&A with the filmmakers and Adobe® prizes.
April 10 - Phoenix, AZ
MADCAP Theatres, April 10th at 7pm SOLD OUT
In association with IGDA - PHX .
The screening includes an in-person Director(s) Q&A with the filmmakers and Adobe® prizes.
April 17 - Chicago, IL
Music Box Theatre on April 17th at 7pm SOLD OUT
The screening includes an in-person Q&A with the filmmakers and Adobe® prizes.
April 19 - Boston/Cambridge, MA
The Brattle Theatre on April 19th at 7pm SOLD OUT & 9:30pm SOLD OUT
Presented in association with Independent Film Festival of Boston and Boston Post Mortem. The screening includes an in-person Q&A with the filmmakers and Adobe® prizes.
April 24 - Philadelphia, PA
The Ritz East Theater, April 24th at 7pm (Tickets here)
Presented in association with Grassroots Game Conference and the Philadelphia Science Festival
The screening includes an in-person Director(s) Q&A with the filmmakers and Adobe® prizes.
April 25 - Washington, DC SOLD OUT
The E Street Cinema, April 25th at 7pm (Tickets here)
Presented in association with Washington DC ACM SIGGRAPH, DC Tech Meetup, iStrategyLabs, & The Art of Video Games at the Smithsonian American Art Museum
The screening includes an in-person Director(s) Q&A with the filmmakers and Adobe® prizes.
May 17 - New York, NY, PREVIEW EVENT, presented by Adobe®
IFC Center, May 17th at 7:30pm & 9:45pm (Waitlist here) SOLD OUT
This special screening event includes an in-person Director(s) Q&A with the filmmakers and Adobe® prizes.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption One eyewitness said they saw people blinking lights within the building
At least six people have died after a huge fire raged through the night at a west London 24-storey tower block, and police expect that number to rise.
Eyewitnesses described people trapped in the burning Grenfell Tower, in north Kensington, screaming for help and yelling for their children to be saved.
Firefighters, who rescued many people, were called at 00:54 BST and are still trying to put out the fire.
Police say there may still be people in the building who are unaccounted for.
The ambulance service said 68 patients had been taken to six hospitals across London, with 18 in critical care. A further 10 patients made their own way to hospital.
During the night, eyewitnesses said they saw lights - thought to be mobile phones or torches - flashing at the top of the block of flats, and trapped residents coming to their windows - some holding children.
It is understood that "several hundred" people would have been in the block when the fire broke out shortly after midnight, most of them sleeping.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Mickey, a resident of Grenfell Tower: 'It was like a horror movie'
Commander Stuart Cundy, of the Metropolitan Police, said the recovery operation would be "complex and lengthy", and the number of fatalities was expected to rise.
They declined to give any details of the number of people who may be missing.
They said it was likely to be some time before police could identify the victims, adding that it was too early to speculate on the cause of the fire.
An emergency number - 0800 0961 233 - has been set up for anyone concerned about friends or family.
At 13:00 BST, Fire Commissioner Dany Cotton said firefighters expected to be on the scene for at least another 24 hours.
They said there were concerns that people were still inside the tower and they urged all residents to make sure they had reported themselves to police so that the authorities know they are safe.
'Absolutely appalling'
Prime Minister Theresa May is "deeply saddened by the tragic loss of life", said Downing Street.
Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt praised the "heroic" response from the emergency services and the NHS hospital staff "working tirelessly to help".
Meanwhile, Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn is to demand a government statement in Parliament on Thursday on the tragedy, the BBC understands.
There must be a "full inquiry" into the fire, newly-elected Kensington MP Emma Dent Coad told the BBC.
Speaking outside the Rugby Portobello Trust emergency centre, the Labour MP said the fire was "absolutely appalling".
"The ferocity of that fire was extraordinary and terrifying," they said. "This must never happen again."
Police and fire minister Nick Hurd was due to chair a cross-party meeting to look at how the government can assist the emergency services and local authorities.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption David Benjamin says they were woken by a neighbour banging on the door
Paul Munakr, who lives on the seventh floor, managed to escape.
"As I was going down the stairs, there were firefighters, truly amazing firefighters that were actually going upstairs, to the fire, trying to get as many people out the building as possible," they told the BBC.
They said they were alerted to the fire not by fire alarms but by people on the street below, shouting "don't jump, don't jump".
Eyewitness Jody Martin said: "I watched one person falling out, I watched another woman holding their baby out the window... hearing screams.
"I was yelling at everyone to get down and they were saying 'We can't leave our apartments, the smoke is too bad on the corridors.'"
Michael Paramasivan, who lives on the seventh floor with their girlfriend and young daughter, said they ignored official advice to stay in your home.
"If we had stayed in that flat, we would've perished. My gut instinct told me just to get the girls out. I wrapped the little one up because of the smoke and I just got them out."
Another resident, Zoe, who lives on the fourth floor, said they were woken by a neighbour banging on their door.
"The whole landing was thick with smoke. The smoke alarms weren't going off but the way it spread so quickly from the fourth floor, all the way up to the 23rd floor was scary."
At the scene
Image caption Mirna, Fatima and Zainnb are among those missing
By Lucy Manning, BBC News
They have lost their homes and for some, tragically their relatives.
At times there is the sound of sobbing as the word goes round that someone is missing, someone is feared dead.
I've spent the day inside the community centre where survivors have gathered.
Downstairs in the hall families sit at tables and wait for news.
One family told me they hadn't heard from their brother, sister and three children - Mirna, Fatima and Zainnb. Other relatives were out searching hospitals. There was still no news.
Outside the centre, Sawsan was with a group of women. For one it was too much, they were on the floor crying. Sawsan hasn't heard from their mum, sister, brother-in-law and nieces. They spoke to them when the fire started but nothing since.
Inside the centre, families are being helped with food, housing and medical treatment. It's busy and everyone is helping. Just not with the one thing they need - information about whether their relatives are safe.
Christabel told me how lucky their father had been. They tried to fight the fire but made it out alive.
Ed was saved when a friend called them to tell them to get out the building. "I'm lucky" they say. But they have lost everything.
Grenfell Tower, built in 1974, is part of the Lancaster West Estate, a sprawling inner-city social housing complex of almost 1,000 homes.
Robert Black, chief executive of the tower's management company, the Kensington and Chelsea Tenant Management Organisation, said: "The fire at Grenfell Tower is devastating and the reports of injury and losses of life absolutely heartbreaking.
"Along with my colleagues, I have been supporting residents since the early hours, working with the emergency services and the community."
The BBC's Andy Moore, who was at the scene through the night, described watching debris falling from the building, and hearing explosions and breaking glass.
Grenfell Tower, North Kensington 127 flats
24 storeys
20 residential levels
4 mixed levels of community areas and residential flats
2016 refurbishment completed AFP
Image copyright PA Image caption London fire crews said it was a "large and very serious incident"
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption There are 120 flats in the residential block
The London Fire Brigade said a structural engineer had checked the building and determined it was not in danger of collapse and that rescue teams were safe to be inside.
Initially, it was feared that the building, which appears to be gutted, could collapse.
Mayor Sadiq Khan said they were devastated by the horrific scenes, attended by more than 250 firefighters and 100 ambulance medics.
Questions will need to be answered over the safety of tower blocks, they told BBC Radio.
"We can't have a situation where people's safety is put at risk because of bad advice being given or if it is the case, as has been alleged, of tower blocks not being properly serviced or maintained," they said.
Matt Wrack, of the Fire Brigades Union said something had clearly gone badly wrong with fire prevention procedures at the building.
Firefighters would normally fight a fire in a tower block from the inside, going up the fire escape, and fighting using the internal dry-rising mains, they said, but that's not been possible in this case.
Construction firm Rydon said recent building work which it carried out on the block "met all required building control, fire regulation and health and safety standards".
Image caption Refurbishment work completed in 2016 included more residential areas in the four lower 'podium' levels
Appeals are being made on social media for news of missing friends and relatives, who might have been caught in the blaze.
Emergency rest centres have opened for those now homeless at Latymer Community Centre, St Clement's Church, Harrow Club and Rugby Portobello Trust. There are also local collections under way for spare clothes, toys, blankets and toiletries.
People are being advised by police to stay away from the area, where roads remain closed and nearby residents have been evacuated as a precaution.
Image copyright EPA Image caption The London Fire Brigade said a structural engineer had checked the building
Image copyright AFP/Getty Images Image caption More than 70 people have received treatment in hospital
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Smoke could be seen from miles away
Safety concerns
Grenfell Tower underwent a two-year £10m refurbishment as part of a wider transformation of the estate, that was completed last year.
Work included new exterior cladding and a communal heating system.
The 24-storey tower, containing about 120 flats, is managed by the Kensington and Chelsea Tenant Management Organisation (KCTMO) on behalf of the council.
Before and during the refurbishment, the local Grenfell Action Group claimed that the block constituted a fire risk and residents warned that site access for emergency vehicles was "severely restricted".
Construction firm Rydon, which carried out the refurbishment, said it was "shocked to hear of the devastating fire" and added that the work "met all required building control, fire regulation and health and safety standards".
Council leader Nick Paget-Brown said the buildings were regularly inspected, but a "thorough investigation" was needed.
Read more on safety concerns here.
Get news from the BBC in your inbox, each weekday morning
Does the White House know something that the rest of us do not? As the Obama administration draws to a close, the White House has suddenly released a major document that details a multi-pronged strategy for dealing with the threat of a catastrophic meteor impact. Most of us remember movies such as “Deep Impact” and “Armageddon” that attempted to depict what such a crisis would look like, but up until fairly recently the U.S. government has never seemed to take this kind of threat very seriously.
So what has changed?
Of all the things that the White House could be focusing on, why this?
And this new report is just the latest in a series of measures that the government has taken over the past couple of years to help prepare us for incoming meteors and asteroids. The following is an excerpt from a recent Gizmodo article…
Concern over an apocalyptic asteroid strike has risen all the way to the top: The White House released a document this week detailing a strategy for National Near Earth Object (NEO) preparedness. Morgan Freeman would no doubt be proud, although honestly, the nation might have more pressing apocalypse concerns closer to home. Last year brought renewed interest in handling humanity-ending impact events. After a 2014 audit showed that NASA had a cruddy NEO preparedness system, the agency founded a new Planetary Defense Coordination Office (PDCO) last year to detect all of our potentially nasty NEO neighbors. The office quickly escalated talk to action, running preparedness drills with the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), launching spacecraft to gather asteroid information, and even drawing up plans to nuke the bad boys out of the sky if things get dicey.
NASA continues to assure us that no threat is imminent, so why spend so much time, energy and resources on a non-existent crisis?
If you want to read the 25 page document that the White House just released, it is entitled “National Near-Earth Object Preparedness Strategy” and you can read it for yourself right here.
The document was put together by the Interagency Working Group for Detecting and Mitigating the Impact of Earth-bound Near-Earth Objects, and it outlined seven key objectives that the authors believe are important…
1. Enhance NEO detection, tracking, and characterization capabilities
2. Develop methods for NEO deflection and disruption
3. Improve modelling, predictions, and information integration
4. Develop emergency procedures for NEO impact scenarios
5. Establish NEO impact response and recovery procedures
6. Leverage and support international cooperation
7. Establish coordination and communications protocols and thresholds for taking action
And without a doubt, we definitely do need to enhance our detection abilities. Just the other day, a very large asteroid barely missed us, and we had only discovered it two days earlier…
Early Monday morning, while the US East Coast was pouring coffee, dropping kids off at school, and cursing in traffic, a space rock as big as a 10-story building slipped past Earth. The asteroid, dubbed 2017 AG13, was discovered only Saturday by the University of Arizona's Catalina Sky Survey, according to an email from Slooh, a company that broadcasts live views of space.
We were very fortunate this time, but the truth is that our planet crosses paths with other giant space rocks on a very regular basis.
In fact, a near-Earth object that is being called “a cross between an asteroid and a comet” will come fairly close to our planet in February…
The latter “object”, dubbed the 2016 WF9, was detected by NASA in late November and has left scientist's scratching their heads. They have described the celestial rock as a cross between an asteroid and a comet. It's in the middle of its of.9 year orbit between Jupiter and Earth and will approach us on February 25, flying by at a distance of 32million miles from the planet.
Currently, approximately 10,000 major near-Earth objects have been identified by scientists, and about 10 percent of them are one kilometer or larger in size.
If one of those monsters directly hit our planet, we truly would be facing an extinction-level event.
For example, just imagine the kind of devastation that would happen if a large asteroid or meteor hit the Atlantic Ocean. Tsunami waves hundreds of feet tall would be sent racing toward the coasts of North America, South America, Africa and western Europe, and millions upon millions of people would die.
This is something that scientists have actually studied. According to a study conducted at the University of California at Santa Cruz, if a giant meteor did strike the Atlantic Ocean we could potentially see tsunami waves as high as 400 feet slam into the east coast of the United States…
If an asteroid crashes into the Earth, it is likely to splash down somewhere in the oceans that cover 70 percent of the planet's surface. Huge tsunami waves, spreading out from the impact site like the ripples from a rock tossed into a pond, would inundate heavily populated coastal areas. A computer simulation of an asteroid impact tsunami developed by scientists at the University of California, Santa Cruz, shows waves as high as 400 feet sweeping onto the Atlantic Coast of the United States.
Depending on where the meteor strikes, we could potentially see New York City, Boston, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Washington D.C., Charleston, Miami and countless other major coastal cities all wiped out on a single day.
Right now, 39 percent of all Americans live in a county that directly borders a shoreline.
To say that we are vulnerable to a massive tsunami caused by a meteor impact would be a massive understatement.
And scientists assure us that it will happen someday. In fact, I don't know if you have noticed, but our area of space seems to have a lot more “traffic” in it these days. NASA tells us that there is nothing to be worried about, but others are concerned that something may be coming toward us or that we are moving toward something.
Ultimately, we need to remember that we are essentially a speck of dust hurtling through a massive galaxy at incredibly high speeds, and our galaxy is only an extremely small part of an absolutely enormous and ever changing universe.
But instead of turning to the author and creator of this incredible universe for blessing and protection, we continue to defy Him and Their ways. In the end, that is going to turn out to be a tragic mistake.
The final 10 were revealed online Thursday morning. Some of the existing number plate slogans. Credit:ACT government For those who enjoy a play on words, "CBR - Driving the nation" was included. "Brilliant possibilities", read another. A phrase reminiscent of one of Chief Minister Andrew Barr's favourites - "CBR - Australia's cool capital" - also made the cut. They retweeted a journalist's suggestion people vote for the phrase to "piss of [sic] SYD and MELB". The shortlist was curated by a judge's panel including 2016 ACT Young Australian of the Year Nipuni (Nip) Wijewickrema, Canberra Business Chamber chief executive Robyn Hendry and Cultural Canberra director Adam Stankevicius.
Mr Barr described the number of slogan submissions as "overwhelming". "Many Canberrans tapped into their imagination and submitted some interesting ideas," they said. Social media lit up with new phrases that didn't reach the shortlist. "Canberra - You Went Here for Year 6 Camp", suggested one Twitter user. "Canberra: WELL WE LIKE IT!!!", said another.
On Facebook, someone suggested "Canberra - what APS level are you?" while another asked why "Starbucks free since 2008" failed to make the cut. People can also vote to keep an existing number plate slogan, including the much-maligned "Feel the power of Canberra" and 2015 winner "Age friendly city". Despite the derision, the former phrase has sold out and is currently unavailable, but has not yet been taken off the books. However, it could be soon. The losing four slogans will be taken out of circulation. The other existing options are "Canberra the Nation's Capital", "Canberra - Heart of the Nation" and an image of Parliament House. Loading Voting closes February 2. As of Thursday afternoon, "Canberra - the bush capital" was leading the field. "Canberra the nation's capital" is proving most popular among existing plates.
The winners will be revealed in March, and the new number plate slogan will go into circulation later this year.
HUNTING -- If you like your guns and free time, don't poach big game in New Mexico.
New Mexico Gov. Susana Martinez last week signed legislation elevating the wasting of game from a misdemeanor to a felony, according to Sporting Classics Daily. People convicted of poaching an elk, antelope, bighorn sheep, deer, ibex, oryx, or Barbary sheep without a license or out of season will face a maximum sentence of 18 months in jail and a fine of $5,000.
As a felon, convicted poachers would be unable to hunt with a firearm.
These crimes traditionally have been classified as misdemeanors.
The New Mexico Game and Fish Department gave its support to getting tougher on poachers with proposals made in 2013.
The department has been saying that tougher penalties are needed as a deterrent to stop the waste of the state's wildlife.
In two years preceding the agency's support of the proposals, conservation officers had investigated more than 200 cases in which big game animals had been unlawfully killed and their carcasses left to rot, the Associated Press reported.
Women taking power in ways the Middle East has never before seen. Men, at their side, taking the radical transformation in stride. And together, by consensus, both fighting tooth and nail against the Islamic State — and winning — liberating towns and villages in northern Syria with the promise of a new kind of freedom, where all are welcome to a fair share of collective self-rule, regardless of gender, religion or ethnicity.
The Canadian team behind "This is Kobane," a film exploring the radical revolution taking hold in and around Rojava. From left, director Nadim Fetaih, camera operator Tashi Pietryzkowska, sound recordist and camera operator Brandon Gamblen. ( Nadim Fetaih )
It reads like a revolutionary daydream from John Lennon's songbook. But it is actually happening throughout the sliver of terrain known as Rojava, the predominantly Kurdish territory abutting Syria's border with Turkey. The Islamic State group doesn't like it. Turkey doesn't like it. Bashar Assad doesn't like it. Yet the quiet revolution in Rojava isn't just taking root; it is growing, thanks in part to the White House, which has deputized the mostly Kurdish revolutionary fighters as America's most effective boots on the ground on the Syrian side of the campaign against the Islamic State. The fruits of the U.S. alliance with Syria's Kurdish paramilitary fighters — the People's Protection Units, or YPG, and their female counterparts, YPJ — became especially clear over Christmas, with the Kurds leading a four-day sweep south from Kobani, snipping some 640 square kilometres from the caliphate's map and seizing back from the Islamic State a key piece of infrastructure, the Tishrin Dam.
Article Continued Below
Throughout the operation and ever since, independent Toronto filmmaker Nadim Fetaih has been on the ground with a crew of two other Canadians, capturing the changes unfolding as the fragile Rojava revolution takes hold. Fetaih doesn't expect to release their documentary until 2017 — today they are sharing exclusive images and insights from the project with the Star. “The most striking thing for me is the amazing revolutionary structure of what is taking place — at its heart, we're seeing women playing important roles unprecedented in the Middle East for the better part of 1,000 years,” Fetaih told The Star. “We've been able to get access inside the military complex in Kobani and spend time with the wounded fighters — a fairly even 50-50 split of men and women and they're all badasses. But the YPJ women, because they are going to the front and laying their lives on the line, are able to come back to town and essentially create their own world. They are respected on the street by every single person. “I'm personally scared of them — and so is Daesh. It is clear to us that this is not just a battle against Daesh but against patriarchy, against the treatment of women,” they said, using a slang term for the Islamic State.
From left, Tarine Homs, Rabeha Hessin and Majdoleen Sheran. As part of the revolution taking hold in the Rojava territory of northern Syria, residents have created self-governing bodies, including a women's council in each district. ( Courtesy of Nadim Fetaih )
Fatma Rashid, a former Kobane resident whose husband was killed in battles with the Islamic State, was supplied with sheep. Impoverished families provided with two to three pregnant sheep on the provision they cannot kill or sell them for a year and that one lamb from the offspring is returned to the municipality. Yet this seemingly small gesture is proving a lifeline, helping sustain families through the sale of their milk, yogurt, wool and eventually, meat. ( Courtesy of Nadim Fetaih )
One of Fatma Rashid's four children holds one of the sheep. The town of Siran has an ancient history dating back 3,500 years but remained in the hands of the Islamic State until February when the Kurdish YPG revolutionaries liberated the town. ( Courtesy of Nadim Fetaih )
Fetaih, 27, came to Canada at age four with their parents, both Egyptian political activists. They grew up in a home where political awareness — and the regime of former Egyptian dictator Hosni Mubarak — was routine conversation around the dinner table. In 2014, they released their first documentary, A Tale of Two Revolutions, linking two generations of resistance to Mubarak, theirs and their father's. That's essential context for their insights into what is — and is not — happening in Rojava. Among the bigger questions: Is the transformation in Rojava a singularly Kurdish national effort? Or does it have potential to become a model for the broader Arab world beyond? And even if it does, will it be allowed to succeed — or will Turkey, a NATO ally already clearly infuriated at the Rojava revolution's implications for its 15 million Kurdish citizens, act to ensure failure?
Article Continued Below
“I'm realistic,” Fetaih said. “What we're seeing here has huge potential. It feels like the restoration of a shining hope — an actual viable way forward for the people who rose up for 18 days in Tahrir Square in Cairo five years ago. But there are serious politics stacked against this being allowed to grow and become the alternative the Middle East has been looking for.”
A glimpse of life after war: Brightly dressed Syrian-Kurish schoolgirls in Kobane contrast against the rubble of a city devastated by siege and bombardment. ( Courtesy of Nadim Fetaih )
Those aren't the only complications. Though the fighters in Rojava have stressed pluralistic values, Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch, alternately, have raised concerns about reports of sporadic sectarian violence within the territory. Unsurprisingly, perhaps, given the sectarian centrifuge spinning on all sides of the region. “We're mindful that whatever else is happening here, it's still a war zone. Every gain Rojava makes comes with the threat of payback and reprisal by Daesh,” said Fetaih. “Things are getting better, but it is a long way from what anyone would regard as normal life.” Fetaih's own documentary, This Is Kobane, they readily admit, will involve “a bias for and by the people — I'm hoping with my films I can actually empower people,” they said. “We've financed this on our own thus far. And now we are launching a humble crowd-funding effort to help us on the editing while we look for additional support. “I feel a connection to what's happening in Rojava, obviously, but I also believe criticism is the best solidarity. I know there are pitfalls in the system they are building as of now. We will show them. But as a director, I won't separate my own heart and hopes.”
Zalixa Ali, a widowed mother of five who lives in Iran, was approached by the new revolutionary municipal council last month and invited to join the sheep-rearing program. ( Courtesy of Nadim Fetaih )
Read more about:
“I don't pay extra in a restaurant to prevent the waiter from spitting in my food,” Sen. John Kennedy John Neely KennedyMORE (R-La.) said during a Senate Banking Committee hearing on the Equifax breach. “I think this is a very clever business model you've come up with.”
The tone of the questions and comments hurled at former CEO Richard Smith during the two-day hearing may suggest a sea change in the way the legislative branch views consumer privacy — hopefully one that will change the way our legal system handles it in the future.
The hearings were held on the heels of some epically bad news. Up to 145.5 million people would never again experience the relative tranquility of hoping (with fingers and toes crossed) that their sensitive personal information was safe.
ADVERTISEMENT
What a difference a week can make!
The Equifax breach was the worst of its kind, exposing the kind of granular data — Social Security numbers, birthdates, even driver's license numbers in some cases — that in the wrong hands can be readily converted into a lucid nightmare for consumers. The potential crimes range from account take-over to new account fraud to child identity theft to theft of healthcare services — even criminal acts committed in a victim's name.
When Equifax announced that it was open season on the consumers exposed by the breach, the company's former CEO Richard Smith stepped down. That they were filleted by several congressional committees should not come as a surprise. It's high time lawmakers focused on our nation's breach epidemic.
Rewarding bad work
One issue that lawmakers were fixated on was Equifax's $7.5-million contract with the Internal Revenue Service to verify taxpayer identities and prevent fraudulent access to data. That it remained a no-bid gig in the wake of the breach was a head scratcher for most people, including, surprisingly enough, members of Congress.
You know the old rub: Sometime the jokes just write themselves. Kennedy earned the zinger of the day when they remarked, “You realize, to many Americans right now, that looks like we're giving Lindsay Lohan the keys to the minibar.”
“I won't ask for a show of hands in the room, but I don't know who would want to say we should buy fraud protection from the people who were just hacked and dumped 145 million American records,” said Sen. Ben Sasse Benjamin (Ben) Eric SasseTrump claims Democrats ‘don't mind executing babies after birth' after blocked abortion bill Hillicon Valley: Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators Democrats block abortion bill in Senate MORE (R-Neb.).
Demanding competence and change
Sen. Elizabeth Warren Elizabeth Ann WarrenSanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' House to push back at Trump on border GOP Sen. Tillis to vote for resolution blocking Trump's emergency declaration MORE (D-Mass.) focused attention on what should be the main takeaway from the hearing. “Equifax and this whole industry should be completely transformed,” they told Smith. “Consumers — not you — should decide who gets access to their own data.”
At issue, finally, is the conundrum of credit monitoring in the first place. Consumers benefit from the credit offered to them by businesses and banks, but banks and businesses can't know whether a person is a good risk for that credit without having some fairly granular information about them: Do they pay their bills on time? How much money do they owe to their creditors? How long have they been using credit? How varied is their use of credit (i.e., do they have a mortgage, a car loan, credit cards)?
Sen. Sherrod Brown Sherrod Campbell BrownWorse than nothing's been done since the massive Equifax hack Dems face internal battle over budget On The Money: Dems set Tuesday vote on Trump's emergency declaration | Most Republicans expected to back Trump | Senate plots to avoid fall shutdown drama | Powell heading before Congress MORE (D-Ohio) pointed to medical information disclosure laws as a possible model for a new, safer credit rating system. Brown specifically touted the possibility that consumers could request to have their information deleted from the credit reporting bureaus. While such a move would limit consumer credit opportunities because they would exist outside the credit ecosystem (as Smith pointed out)—it could be one solution.
The first thing that we can demand is that better disclosure laws become the law of the land, and not something that varies from state to state as is presently the case.
Secondly, however it is arranged, now is the time to work on ways for consumers to have more control of their information. If someone wants to get off the credit grid, they should be allowed to do that.
The laissez-faire idea needs to go the way of the pterodactyl
We've heard it before: Let business take care of consumers; it'll work out. The free market is sentient. Everything will be fine.
Let business take care of environmental flight attendantship. Let business take care of the architecture of a workable national gun ownership plan. Let business take care of making sure consumers aren't swindled while managing their personal finances. Let business take care of a consumer's privacy and security while making a bundle on advertising that markets goods and services to them.
The solution to these non-starters may be spurred by the current crisis. Make no mistake, it means we're going to see wild over-reaching and wild over-corrections in the mad rush to secure consumer privacy. But one thing is certain: We're at the beginning of a consumer revolution.
Our lesson for today comes from the Gospel according to Luke. No, no, not the manger, the shepherds, the wise men, any of that stuff, but the other birth:
“But the angel said unto him, Fear not, Zacharias: for thy prayer is heard; and thy wife Elisabeth shall bear thee a son, and thou shalt call their name John.”
That bit of the Christmas story doesn't get a lot of attention, but it's in there – Luke 1:13, part of what he'd have called the backstory, if he'd been a Hollywood screenwriter rather than a physician. Of the four gospels, only two bother with the tale of Christ's birth, and only Luke begins with the tale of two pregnancies. Zacharias is surprised by their impending paternity – “for I am an old man and my wife well stricken in years.” Nonetheless, an aged, barren woman conceives and, in the sixth month of Elisabeth's pregnancy, the angel visits their cousin Mary and tells them that she, too, will conceive. If you read Luke, the virgin birth seems a logical extension of the earlier miracle – the pregnancy of an elderly lady. The physician-author had no difficulty accepting both. For Matthew, Jesus' birth is the miracle; Luke leaves you with the impression that all birth – all life – is to a degree miraculous and God-given.
POLITICAL CARTOONS:
75 cartoons and photos of Korean leader Kim Jong-Ill and sons
We now live in Elisabeth's world – not just because technology has caught up with the deity and enabled women in their fifties and sixties to become mothers, but in a more basic sense. The problem with the advanced West is not that it's broke but that it's old and barren. Which explains why it's broke. Take Greece, which has now become the most convenient shorthand for sovereign insolvency – “America's heading for the same fate as Greece if we don't change course,” etc. So Greece has a spending problem, a revenue problem, something along those lines, right? At a superficial level, yes. But the underlying issue is more primal: It has one of the lowest fertility rates on the planet. In Greece, 100 grandparents have 42 grandchildren – i.e., the family tree is upside down. In a social democratic state where workers in “hazardous” professions (such as, er, hairdressing) retire at 50, there aren't enough young people around to pay for your three-decade retirement. And there are unlikely ever to be again.
Look at it another way: Banks are a mechanism by which old people with capital lend to young people with energy and ideas. The Western world has now inverted the concept. If 100 geezers run up a bazillion dollars' worth of debt, is it likely that 42 youngsters will ever be able to pay it off? As Angela Merkel pointed out in 2009, for Germany an Obama-sized stimulus was out of the question simply because its foreign creditors know there are not enough young Germans around ever to repay it. The Continent's economic “powerhouse” has the highest proportion of childless women in Europe: one in three fräulein have checked out of the motherhood business entirely. “Germany's working-age population is likely to decrease 30 percent over the next few decades,” says Steffen Kröhnert of the Berlin Institute for Population Development. “Rural areas will see a massive population decline, and some villages will simply disappear.”
If the problem with socialism is, as Mrs. Thatcher says, that eventually you run out of other people's money, much of the West has advanced to the next stage: it's run out of other people, period. Greece is a land of ever-fewer customers and fewer workers but ever more retirees and more government. How do you grow your economy in an ever-shrinking market? The developed world, like Elisabeth, is barren. Collectively barren, I hasten to add. Individually, it's made up of millions of fertile women, who voluntarily opt for no children at all or one designer kid at 39. In Italy, the home of the Church, the birthrate's somewhere around 1.2, 1.3 children per couple – or about half “replacement rate.” Japan, Germany and Russia are already in net population decline. Fifty percent of Japanese women born in the Seventies are childless. Between 1990 and 2000, the percentage of Spanish women childless at the age of 30 almost doubled, from just over 30 percent to just shy of 60 percent. In Sweden, Finland, Austria, Switzerland, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom, 20 percent of 40-year old women are childless. In a recent poll, invited to state the “ideal” number of children, 16.6 percent of Germans answered “None.” We are living in Zacharias and Elisabeth's world – by choice.
America is not in as perilous a situation as Europe – yet. But its rendezvous with fiscal apocalypse also has demographic roots: The baby boomers did not have enough children to maintain the solvency of mid-20th century welfare systems premised on mid-20th century birthrates. The “Me Decade” turned into a Quarter-Century, and beyond. The “me”s are all getting a bit long in the tooth, but they never figured there might come a time when they'd need a few more “thems” still paying into the treasury.
The notion of life as a self-growth experience is more radical than it sounds. For most of human history, functioning societies have honored the long run: It's why millions of people have children, build houses, plant trees, start businesses, make wills, put up beautiful churches in ordinary villages, fight and, if necessary, die for your country. A nation, a society, a community is a compact between past, present and future, in which the citizens, in Tom Wolfe's words at the dawn of the “Me Decade,” “conceive of themselves, however unconsciously, as part of a great biological stream.”
Much of the developed world climbed out of the stream. You don't need to make material sacrifices: The state takes care of all that. You don't need to have children. And you certainly don't need to die for king and country. But a society that has nothing to die for has nothing to live for: It's no longer a stream, but a stagnant pool.
If you believe in God, the utilitarian argument for religion will seem insufficient and reductive: “These are useful narratives we tell ourselves,” as I once heard a wimpy Congregational pastor explain their position on the Bible. But, if Christianity is merely a “useful” story, it's a perfectly constructed one, beginning with the decision to establish Christ's divinity in the miracle of Their birth. The hyper-rationalists ought at least to be able to understand that post-Christian “rationalism” has delivered much of Christendom to an utterly irrational business model: a pyramid scheme built on an upside-down pyramid. Luke, a man of faith and a man of science, could have seen where that leads. Like the song says, Merry Christmas, baby.
©MARK STEYN
A Digital Deluxe Edition for Killing Floor 2 along with PC specs for the title have been announced, along with the new of a Steam Early Access launch later this month.
According to Tripwire Interactive, the Digital Deluxe Edition will run you $39.99/£26.99/€36.99 starting on April 21 on Steam.
This edition contains the following additions to the base game as well as a copy of the first Killing Floor:
DJ Scully character, with unique voice pack and set of face/body skins
Additional cosmetic items (each with multiple selectable variants):
“Scullyphones” headphones for DJ Scully, Mr Foster, Hayato Tanaka and Donovan Neal
3D Glasses for Ana Larive and Hayato Tanaka
Bowler Hat for Mr. Foster and Reverend Alberts
Killing Floor 2 Soundtrack
Killing Floor 2 Digital Artbook
The standard edition will run you $29.99/₤19.99/€26.99 with the digital deluxe content to be made available for separate purchase post launch.
Here's recommended PC requirements for Killing Floor 2:
Minimum
CPU: Core 2 Duo E8200 2.66GHz or Phenom II X2 545
GPU: GeForce GTS 250 or Radeon HD 4830
RAM: 3GB
OS: Win7 64
Recommended
CPU: Core 2 Quad Q9550 2.83GHz or Phenom II X4 955
GPU: GeForce GTX 560 or Radeon HD 6950
RAM: 4GB
OS: Win7 64
Also of note, the pre-Early Access beta period ends tomorrow, April 16 to prepare for the April 21 early access period.
Killing Floor 2 is also slated for release on PlayStation 4 sometime this year.
Every smartphone comes with a set of accessories out of the box, most importantly – a wall charger . It is generally advisable to juice up your phone with its bundled hardware, as it is assumed that the manufacturer built the charger to the exact spec. Furthermore, chargers that come boxed with flagship smartphones are expected to be top of the class and extremely reliable without question.Well, one Nathan K. posted a video on YouTube, which was since distributed on Reddit as well, which shows that the chargers bundled with Google's Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P may be dangerous. But to get this out of the way – no, they shouldn't fry your phone. They may, however, pose a potential danger, if the user gets a bit careless and inserts them the wrong way in another device.Apparently, the Nexus 5X chargers have no failsafe in place and put out their 5V/3A at all times. As a comparison, good, high-class wallchargers will have voltage safeties in them, which will not allow for any output to be generated unless the cable is plugged in a charge-able device. So, how is this bad? For one, it's not advisable to leave your wallcharger plugged in when not charging your phone — it will just continue working. Second, in the odd chance that you may, by mistake, plug the charger's cable in the outputting side of another USB device, you may damage something.The Nexus 6P's charger does not output 5V/3A when plugged in with its own cable dangling on it. But if you plug a smart cord, like the Lightning cables that charge the iPhones and iPads, in the 6P's wallcharger, it will immediately start outputting power, regardless whether it's connected to a device or not.So, admittedly, plugging your charger in reverse or using Apple cables with your Nexus chargers are both very niche situations. We don't believe this would lead to #chargergate, but do consider this a PSA.
With more than a quarter of the Premier League season gone, only six points separate third from 10th place. And that doesn't include the mysterious rec-league team that, presumably, stole Chelsea's kits and has been wearing them as a long-running Halloween costume since mid-August. In other words, the Champions League race is totally up for grabs, friends. With the season in full swing, let's look at all the contenders and their current places in the table.
Third Place: West Ham, the Great Pretenders
Arfa Griffiths/West Ham United/Getty Images
The Hammers continue to pile up unlikely results. And the way they're getting those results doesn't get any likelier. At this point, it's probably safe to say Slaven Bilic's side is at least a pretty good attacking team and that attacking midfielder Dimitri Payet is an absolute gem. They're only eighth in shots on goal but a very respectable fifth in expected goals. However, being a pretty good attacking team is different from being the second-highest goal-scoring team in the league. West Ham's 22 goals outstrip their expected total (15.99) by six. Over 10 games, that's an absurdly high difference; only two other teams, Chelsea and Bournemouth, have overperformed by even more than two goals. Eventually that worm will turn.
And when it does, they have very little defensive solidity to fall back on. West Ham concede an alarming number of good shots. Despite conceding only an average number of shots on target — 4.40, compared to a league average of 4.36 — they are giving up 1.60 expected goals per game, the sixth-worst total in the league. And their actual performance is again outstripping what the metrics might predict; they've given up only 13 goals vs. the predicted 16. Running hot on both sides of the ball will certainly bank you a nice number of points, but it usually portends a tumble down the table when things even out.
Of course, when a team seems to be getting especially lucky, it's tempting to look for a reason beyond just good fortune. Maybe it's not just the bounces of the ball; maybe it's some cool tactic that West Ham are getting over on the rest of the league! The good news for West Ham fans is that there actually might be. The bad news: It's yet another thing that's unlikely to continue. West Ham are the joint league leaders in “opponents picking up red cards.” They've seen an opponent get sent off in four out of 10 games, and two of those were in the first half. (Hi, Nemanja Matic.) So yeah, maybe if West Ham's opponents get shown 11 red cards in the next 28 games, they might keep up this scorching-hot start. Otherwise, the midtable and the battle for Europa League awaits.
Fourth Place: Manchester United, Sleepwalking to the Champions League
United, comfortably, remain the third-best team in the Premier League — even if after most games they have to wake you up from a possession-induced nap to tell you so. The bland-looking approach of strangling games to death by keeping the ball and pressing the midfield isn't a bug of the Louis van Gaal system, it's the primary feature. They've given up the second-fewest shots in the league, along with the third-fewest shots on goal and the third-fewest expected goals. While attacking juggernauts like Arsenal and Manchester City put up defensive numbers almost by default — they're so busy launching an avalanche of attacks that opponents can't find their footing — United prioritize killing off the game. Amid all the boredom, they trust that a bit of magic from Juan Mata or Anthony Martial will get them on the scoreboard and earn the full three points.
Fifth Place: Leicester City, the Feel-Good Story
Jordan Mansfield/Getty Images
Leicester City's free-flowing attack is fascinating. On the one hand, Jamie Vardy continues to finish chances like he's peak Lionel Messi, now with eight non-penalty goals from 39 shots for a 20.5 percent finishing rate. That's third in the league to Swansea's Andre Ayew and West Ham's Payet, but those two have taken only 20 and 21 shots, respectively. Being this hot for this long is certainly not unheard of, but Vardy is likely to come back to the mortal realm eventually. You'd also expect the same thing from Leicester's 13.3 shooting percentage, which is third in the league, and from their 40 percent conversion rate on shots on target, which is second to West Ham's comically high 50 percent.
And yet their 20 goals scored is only mildly ahead of the 19.25 where expected goals projects them to be. It's a little trippy: One set of numbers suggests something that can't continue, and the other suggests something that's not at all unsustainable. Unpack the numbers a bit more, and something dramatically weird is going on with Leicester City's shooting. They take a lot of shots (150, fourth in the league) from very good locations (18.2 yards away on average), but they put only a league-average amount (33 percent) on target. So what's the deal, Claudio Ranieri? Are your guys getting into great positions and aiming for the corners? Or can they actually not shoot straight, and are the goals about to come to a crashing halt?
The answer will determine whether these first 10 games will pave the way to a surprisingly competitive season or just be a ladder before a soft fall down to a comfortable midtable finish.
Sixth Place: Tottenham Hotspur, the Un-Spurs
It's been a while, but it's time to finally say it: Tottenham Hotspur are a good soccer team. It shows through in the attacking numbers (third in shots, third in shots on target, fourth in expected goals) and the defending numbers (eighth-fewest shots, fifth-fewest shots on target, fourth-fewest expected goals). Last year, Spurs made a habit of doggedly wrestling points away from games despite subpar performances. This year, although they sit sixth after 10 games and hold a Premier League unbeaten streak that goes all the way back to Week 1, the quality of their performances suggest they could be even higher.
Fittingly, the club's current state is embodied by their no. 10, striker Harry Kane. The 22-year-old spent the first nine games doing lots of pretty good, Harry Kane–type things. They were ninth in the league in shots per 90 minutes at 3.50 and 16th in expected goals per 90 with 0.40, a rate that would net them 15.2 goals over the course of the season. On top of that, they created 1.42 chances per 90 minutes, the third-most of any forward, and they stayed plenty involved, getting 22.77 touches in the attacking third per 90 minutes, again the third-most of any forward. Yet, for all of their trouble, they got one goal and zero assists in return.
Then Sunday happened.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1DOiRxYhZ8w
Spurs have done a lot of things right this season. As heralded by Kane's hat trick, we should expect it all to start paying off in the coming weeks.
Seventh Place: Crystal Palace, Alan Pardew's Fun House
Alex Broadway/Getty Images
Crystal Palace are fun, and they also aren't bad! That doesn't mean they are good enough to seriously challenge for the top four, though.
Alan Pardew has built a team designed to create goals by getting balls to players in one-on-one situations on the wings and then letting them try to embarrass defenders. When you've got Yannick Bolasie, Wilfried Zaha, Jason Puncheon, and Bakary Sako — all of whom can terrorize full-backs — that makes sense. Except that approach makes for incredibly open games, as the attack-minded wingers frequently leave the midfield pairing of Yohan Cabaye and James McArthur quite exposed. What Palace are most desperately missing, though, is a qualified striker to get on the end of all that mischief the wingers create and make up for the leaky defense. It's not exactly a shock that the likes of Dwight Gayle, Fraizer Campbell, Connor Wickham, and Chelsea loanee Patrick Bamford haven't gotten it done.
When critics of the Premier League talk about its style of play, which prioritizes athleticism, individuality, and running instead of a more cohesive and sound tactical approach, they're basically subtweeting Pardew's side. But this is a tactical choice by Pardew — a way of playing that is supposed to take the best advantage of the tools at their disposal. Palace is dangerous on the counterattack, and they're even decent when forced to defend as a unit against the top teams in the league, but they have a problem breaking down tactically disciplined opponents without overextending themselves.
In short, this Crystal Palace team is a lot like every other team Pardew has coached, but perhaps slightly more talented. That's not exactly the recipe for a fourth-place contender, but it should keep them in the mix for the Europa League.
Eighth Place: Southampton, This Year's Southampton
The club just keeps rolling right along. Sure, they once again lost a big and important part of their roster in Morgan Schneiderlin over the summer, but even though their nominative replacement, Jordy Clasie, didn't take the field until this past weekend's draw against Liverpool, that's barely slowed them down. The attacking trio of Graziano Pelle, Sadio Mane, and Dusan Tadic is size, speed, and skill compartmentalized, and when you put them all together you get an attack that doesn't look like anything else in the Premier League. They've attempted 37 headed shots this year — 11 more than anybody else — and beyond goal attempts, they rely heavily on Pelle's size to initiate attacks. Their physical presence draws defenders into their orbit and gives Mane the freedom to dart into space that wouldn't be there otherwise.
Last year's version of Southampton was defensively dominant, and they haven't quite gotten back to that level this season. Part of that is the loss of Schneiderlin to United, along with center back Toby Alderweireld going to Spurs. But it also comes down to early-season injuries to Ryan Bertrand (and Clasie) and the relatively late arrival of summer signing Virgil van Dijk, who took a while to settle in next to Jose Fonte in central defense. Now that the team and manager Ronald Koeman both have a track record, the Saints seem more likely outside contenders for that fourth spot than West Ham, Crystal Palace, or Leicester City.
Ninth Place: Liverpool, the Kloppening
Jan Kruger/Getty Images
In the newly sung words of Alexander Hamilton, Liverpool are not throwing away their shot. The unexpected early-season Chelsea coma opened up the possibility that somebody might slip into the Champions League, and Liverpool reacted by going big and bringing in manager Jürgen Klopp. Unsurprisingly, though, they haven't exactly revamped things overnight. Three games into Klopp's tenure, new Liverpool look a lot like old Liverpool. There's a dull, defensive solidity, and an attack that relies entirely too much on an inconsistent Coutinho pinging shots at the net from all over the place.
It was unrealistic to expect Klopp to come in and flip a switch, and especially so given the injuries that Liverpool are dealing with right now. They're reduced to starting a fourth-string striker in 20-year-old Divock Origi, and they're missing an integral part of their midfield in club captain Jordan Henderson. Thanks to those injuries, along with a second straight summer of transfer upheaval, Klopp inherited a collection of yet-to-be-matched parts.
However, even if Klopp's Liverpool are decidedly better next year, it might be harder to qualify for the Champions League at that point, assuming Chelsea have run over whatever problems they have with several trucks of money. So, time is kinda of the essence here. If this team comes together soon, then they, along with Spurs, are the likeliest of teams outside the big four to nab that Champions League spot. If not, well, it'll be a whole lot harder a year from now.
10th Place: West Bromwich Albion, Technically in the Top Half
Hi there, Tony Pulis. Bye there, Tony Pulis.
15th Place: Chelsea, the World's Greatest Mystery
As it turns out, Chelsea's problems haven't been solved. They didn't play terribly in the first half on Saturday, and they actually outplayed West Ham for stretches while down a man in the second half, but they still walked away with zero points. That performance-plus-result highlights two major problems for Chelsea. The first: Not playing terribly still meant they were roughly on par with West Ham, which isn't exactly the heights the defending champs should be aspiring to. And the second: Teams sometimes lose, even when they don't play badly. For Chelsea, who are nine points and more than half the league away from the Champions League spots, that second point will loom extremely large over the rest of the season. Even if they get their shit together and start to play well, there's a ton of ground to make up and the team can barely afford any unlucky dropped points. But not even Jose Mourinho can control luck.
At this point in the season, almost any team in Chelsea's position would already be an afterthought. But given the talent on that team and what they did together last year, it's just impossible to write off the possibility that they might suddenly snap together, win six or seven in a row, and put themselves right back in the mix. On current evidence, though, there's nothing to suggest they're capable of doing that.
WIKILEAKS Responds to DNI Director Clapper and Senate Attacks
This morning at the Senate Armed Services Committee hearing on “Russian hacks” to the United States, James Clapper, Director of National Intelligence, and Admiral Michael Rogers, National Security Agency director, attacked Wikileaks founder Julian Assange saying they have “no credibility.”
Wikileaks later responded to the attacks:
Just now: DNI James Clapper lies to Congress for 3rd time claiming Assange is ‘indicted for a sex-crime'.  They are not
Just now: DNI James Clapper lies to Congress for 3rd time claiming Assange is 'indicted for a sex-crime'.  They are not: https://t.co/Mb6gXlz7QS — WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) January 5, 2017
Clapper just lied to Congress again, claiming that WikiLeaks put US lives at risk
Clapper just lied to Congress again, claiming that WikiLeaks put US lives at risk: https://t.co/qaSriACD75
Earlier: https://t.co/3gYSzBzzd9 — WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) January 5, 2017
re Obama's top 3 intel chiefs trustworthy?
Cassandra Rules was there…
“Maybe I'm just pissed off, but I really don't give a shit about what happens to Huma to be honest with you,” one close adviser to Hillary Clinton told me recently. They were irked, in particular, at Abedin's seemingly superfluous breach of decorum during a post-election event. On the day after Hillary Clinton's stunning loss to Donald Trump, this person said, Abedin appeared within the rope line while Clinton greeted their morose and woebegone supporters. “You're staff, O.K.?” this adviser continued. “Staff is staff. You're not a principal.” (A spokesperson for the Clinton campaign notes that Abedin was seated alongside the rest of the campaign's senior leadership team that morning. Abedin declined an interview request.)
In the bizarre month since Clinton's loss, few people besides the candidate themselves have seen their fortunes overturned as significantly as has Abedin, 40, the glamorous and charismatic former vice-chair of the campaign. For two decades, Abedin has been a fixture inside Clinton's inner circle; they began their career as a college-aged White House intern and rose to become Clinton's deputy chief of staff at the State Department. As a former adviser to Bill Clinton once put it to me, over time Abedin morphed into “a mini Hillary” herself. They aren't merely an aide, but rather an amalgamation of adviser, best friend, confidante, and perhaps even surrogate daughter. Abedin “inspires loyalty, and she's loyal back,” one Clinton aide told Amy Chozick in their widely read dissection of Clintonworld for The New York Times Magazine, in 2014.
In fact, according to Chozick, Clinton appeared to countermand those who suggested that Abedin should be relegated on behalf of the sexting antics of their spouse, the randy former member of congress Anthony Weiner. Clinton, Chozick reported at the time, appeared more concerned with quarantining the so-called “night stalkers”—sycophants and hangers-on from their many decades in public life—who might try to re-exert their influence. Abedin, meanwhile, was widely expected to get a big job inside a Clinton White House.
VIDEO: The Evolution of Hillary Rodham Clinton
But amid Clinton's stunning post-election hangover, some inside the inner circle wonder if Abedin became overwhelmed by the attention, and shut too many people out. “She was enjoying the red carpet and enjoying the photo spreads much too much in my opinion,” one Clinton insider told me. “She enjoyed being a celebrity too much.” The close Clinton adviser elaborated that Abedin and the other tight-knit circle of people may have suffocated Clinton, preventing the campaign from taking in outside counsel. “The real anger is toward Hillary's inner circle,” the Clinton insider told me. “They reinforced all the bad habits.” For instance, the suggestion had been made that Clinton should show their gregarious side, by, for instance, appearing more often on The View. (She appeared once, but Bernie Sanders, their rival for the nomination, appeared a handful of times.)
According to this person, however, the inner circle nixed that idea. It seemed, this person elaborated, that even minor suggestions about changing the narrative fell on deaf ears. “Right away,” this person continued, “it was either regarded as an intrusion or a naïve suggestion or maybe someone has an agenda. And so people just stopped bothering. Where in most presidential campaigns the circle grows broader and broader, theirs grew smaller and smaller.” (A spokesperson for the Clinton campaign refutes this characterization, noting that the campaign may have had up to three times as many people on their plane during the election's final weeks.)
The Hidden Springs Pool area at Disney's Wilderness Lodge has been under construction for several months. Included on the list of enhancements was a new pool bar being added to the resort's main pool area.
Today, the Walt Disney World Resort confirmed an opening date of Monday, February 13, 2017, for the new Geyser Point Bar & Grill. The new pool bar will be situated along the water's edge and will feature plenty of open-air seating along with cedar beams and natural stonework to keep with the Pacific Northwest vibe of the resort.
Guests can expect to see an array of small-plate dishes on the menu including Shrimp on a Wire with Miso-Lime Vinaigrette, Togarashi, Shishito Peppers, and Chili-Aïoli. Also included on the menu is a Bison Burger with Tillamook Cheddar (another nod to the Pacific Northwest), a House-smoked Salmon BLT with Lemon-Caper Mayonnaise, and a Grilled Portobello with Zucchini, Roasted Red Peppers, and Tomato. Desserts include a Chocolate Brownie Mousse with Caramel Popcorn and Toasted Meringue and a house-made seasonal pie.
Geyser Point Pool Bar & Grill will serve breakfast, lunch, and dinner along with specialty cocktails, beer, and wine.
Source: Orlando Parks News
Sonic Aging
Twenty minutes into 1991: The Year Punk Broke, Dave Markey's ragged documentary of a European tour featuring Sonic Youth, Nirvana and assorted other “alternative” acts, Thurston Moore conducts an impromptu interview with a group of fans. They appear to be in the 18-24 range, what Americans call “college age.” Turning to Jens, the oldest-looking member of the group, who sports the long, curly hair favored by 1970s rock icons like Robert Plant and Peter Frampton, Moore asks him, “What do you think of the current state of young rock and roll?
The phrasing is odd, almost as if Moore is proleptically imitating the somewhat stilted English they expect to hear in reply. Yet if there's a joke here, Jens isn't getting it. Their earnest response suggests that they have already considered the subject carefully: “I think it's a problem, because rock and roll is getting older and older. For me, the 60s are the only, the real rock and roll and you can only try to copy it.”
Rather than show Moore's response to this implicit critique of their own position as a rock musician, the film cuts to their next question. But the aporia opened up by this invocation of the 1960s is underscored by the concentric circle dissolve effect that Markey uses to bridge the two shots. Jens has tossed a rock into a pond. And the ripples it generates break along the shore of the film's long-awaited DVD reissue.
When Dave Markey shot the footage that comprises 1991: The Year Punk Broke, in late August and early September of that year, Sonic Youth was definitely the main attraction. Although never commercially successful by the standards of the mainstream music industry, they had already spent a decade demonstrating how the provocations of avant-garde art and populist punk might be coupled together.
Sometimes, particularly in their early years, the results were tedious. But once drummer Steve Shelley joined the band in 1985, Sonic Youth figured out to harness their guitar-driven experimentations to the sort of disciplined beats that turn noise into rock. A stunning trio of albums — Evol, Sister and Daydream Nation — followed, cementing the band's reputation with critics and college radio fans.
On the strength of that standing, David Geffen's DGC Records signed Sonic Youth in 1990. While the label surely hoped to profit off the band's records, the likelihood of their entering the Billboard charts was not great. Because the band was both deeply respected and well connected in underground music circles, however, they could serve as a “loss leader”, encouraging other alternative artists with better prospects for mainstream popularity to sign with DGC as well.
And that is precisely what happened. At the time of the shows documented in 1991: The Year Punk Broke, Nirvana's second album Nevermind was only weeks away from being released on DGC. While even the most optimistic person at the label could not have predicted just how successful that album would eventually become — at present, it has sold over ten million copies in the States and some twenty million more in the rest of the world — it was already clear in the summer of 1991 that Nirvana's commercial potential exceeded Sonic Youth's.
For one thing, Nirvana looked the part. Despite their name, not to mention Thurston Moore's Dorian Gray-like complexion, Sonic Youth was clearly a middle-aged enterprise. Moore themselves was already thirty-three in 1991; Shelley, the “baby” in the band was almost thirty himself; Lee Ranaldo was a weathered-looking thirty-five; and Moore's wife Kim Gordon was approaching forty. No matter how great their music sounded, no matter how hard they worked to cultivate an aura of youthful insouciance, Sonic Youth could never truly serve as the voice of the “Baby Bust” generation then in their teens and early twenties.
They could comment on that demographic, which would soon be identified with Douglas Coupland's novel Generation X: Tales For an Accelerated Culture. They could try to articulate its concerns, using their special combination of artistic savvy and stick-it-to-the-man attitude. Most of all, they could lend a helping hand to the artists emerging from its ranks, such as Nirvana. But by 1991, Sonic Youth was finding it a lot easier to achieve the cultural relevance legitimated by critics than the sort that comes from grassroots popularity in high school and college.
Maybe that explains the strangely detached feel of their contributions to 1991: The Year Punk Broke. At times, it seems like they wish to mock the whole idea of the project. Yet they continue to go through the motions of interacting with fans and other people they meet in their travels, playing shows— though they are not at their best, to be honest – and acting as indulgent elders to their more youthful charges in Nirvana, Dinosaur Jr., and Babes in Toyland.
Watching the film's “tour diary” segments, we never get the impression that Sonic Youth has wearied of the whole enterprise. On the contrary, they seem to be having a lot of fun. The problem is that, like the performance artists they spent time with in New York, they frequently seem to be having it at our expense.
At the time of 1991: The Year Punk Broke's initial release in 1992, this impression was muted by the excitement of seeing Nirvana right before their commercial breakthrough. The moments of impromptu comedy, which were perfectly in sync with the neo-stoner sensibilities of the time, also helped to deflect attention from the film's rhetorical effects. Now, though, with the benefit of hindsight, it is much easier to recognize that Sonic Youth saw the documentary as an opportunity to problematize alternative culture in its moment of ascendency.
Let's return to the sequence in which Thurston Moore is interviewing Jens and their companions. Immediately after the cut dramatized by the concentric circle dissolve, we see Moore posing another question about youth culture. “But people see rock and roll as youth culture. And when youth culture becomes monopolized by Big Business, what are the youth to do? Do you have any idea?” The young lady they point the microphone towards smiles nervously, whether because of the scope of the inquiry or the inadequacy of their English.
Moore rushes into the breach opened up by their failure to respond. “I think we should destroy the bogus capitalist process that is destroying youth culture by mass-marketing and commercial paranoia behavior control. And the first step to do is to destroy the record companies. Do you not agree?” Their words are met with more nervous laugher. Then Markey cuts to a black-and-white shot of Sonic Youth's four members standing in front of a boldly painted mural that recalls the psychedelic pop art of Yellow Submarine. We hear Moore's voice say, “This is called,” before breaking off. The background noise indicates that the band is getting ready to play a song.
As the camera zooms in on Kim Gordon, we hear their voice. “Hey, did you know that punk rock finally broke in '91?” Then, after a few more seconds of warming up, Thurston continues their introduction. “This is called ‘Teen Age Riot'. A particularly serrated version of that most iconic Sonic Youth song follows. The song's forceful, if oblique, articulation of a world in which youth culture is the engine of progress — “It takes a teen age riot to get me out of bed right now” — contrasts sharply with Moore's earlier denunciation of that culture's domination through “mass-marketing and commercial paranoia behavior control.”
But while the logical progression of this sequence positions Sonic Youth as defenders of youth culture from the “bogus capitalist process,” Gordon's interjection complicates this interpretation. Although Nirvana was clearly poised for commercial success at the time of the European tour that the film documents, it would be several weeks before the September 24th release of their second album Nevermind and considerably longer before it could be declared a mainstream breakthrough. In fact, it wasn't until November that the album entered Billboard's Top 40. By the time Nevermind reached #1— displacing Michael Jackson, ironically – it was already 1992.
For Sonic Youth's part, their break with the world of college radio and independent record labels had already taken place the previous year, when they signed to DGC. In other words, although the excitement that the European tour was generating boded well for the future of alternative rock, Gordon's choice of 1991 as “the year punk broke” was fairly arbitrary in the context of its original utterance.
But by the time Markey's film was released in 1992, Gordon's words seemed more prophetic than random, a metamorphosis they capitalized upon by taking them for a title. Still, while it's impossible to watch 1991: The Year Punk Broke without thinking about what would happen to its subjects, particularly Nirvana, in the years to follow, there is value in reconstructing the mindset in which the film was made.
Because 1991: The Year Punk Broke seems so haphazardly put together — a quality that led to lackluster reviews upon the film's initial 1992 release — it might seem odd to subject this sequence to such detailed scrutiny. But I would argue that its loose construction is a deliberate effect. Over and over, Markey cuts away from the exciting concert footage they recorded in favor of between-shows reportage that exemplifies amateur production values. Shots shake and blur. Horizons tilt and right themselves. Were it not for our interest in the subject matter, much of the film would be nearly unwatchable.
Paradoxically, though, that unwatchability is precisely what makes 1991: The Year Punk Broke so compelling. As a veteran of the Southern California punk scene of the 1980s, Markey knew full well that a lack of professionalism is no impediment to success. On the contrary, the “home movie” quality demonstrated in much of their work is the perfect visual corollary to the raw, immediate feel of the music it accompanies. If audiences weren't turned off by rudimentary guitar-playing, caterwauling vocals and arrhythmic timekeeping; if, indeed, those “defects” actually inspired them to invest themselves more fully in the music, then it stood to reason that the same principles could be extended to filmmaking.
Just as the apparent mistakes in 1991: The Year Punk Broke were left in the film deliberately, as an index of its authenticity and anti-corporate stance, the timing of its reissue was surely no accident either.Whatever other factors may have contributed to this decision, it was perfectly timed to accompany the twentieth-anniversary celebration for Nirvana's Nevermind. Does that expose Dave Markey and the members of Sonic Youth, who have been promoting the picture heavily, to charges of exploitation?
Although there's sufficient evidence to make such an accusation plausible, I think it would be missing the point. Goodness knows there have been plenty of attempts to contemplate on Kurt Cobain's posthumous legacy already. Indeed, September 27th will see the release of the Nirvana: Live At the Paramount, the only performance by the band captured on 16mm film in its entirety. With its pristine visuals, particularly in the Blu-Ray format, and the custom sticker devised for the twentieth-anniversary celebration, this film is sure to be an impressive document.
But the way in which the release is framed, with its emphasis on fidelity, also guarantees that it will have an air of duplicity about it. Because what made Nirvana such a powerful force, whether on stage or doing an interview, was the band's unapologetic messiness. They rocked hard, to be sure. But sometimes they rocked so hard that they fell over.
1991: The Year Punk Broke showcases this quality, the band's talent for triumphing, not in spite of failure, but because of it. We get the impression that Sonic Youth and Nirvana actually drove each other to be less machine-like, both on and off stage; that the bands, together with the other musicians who joined them on tour, somehow found a way to contest the neat-and-tidy packaging of alternative youth culture before it had even been finished.
When Nirvana delivered a stellar performance as part of MTV's Unplugged series in late 1993, with Cobain inhabiting the role of an ageless, rustic blues musician, it seemed like the band might have discovered an escape route from their art. Clearly uncomfortable with the scope of Nirvana's success and, more specifically, with the pressures of being treated as a spokesperson for “his” generation, Cobain needed to decouple their music from the burden of youth culture.
Unfortunately, the promise of that remarkable show was short-lived. In less than six months, Cobain had taken their own life, sadly certain that there was no other exit from their predicament. That's where 1991: The Year Punk Broke comes in. Because Dave Markey's film, in all its low-fi awkwardness, takes us back to a time when they and their bandmates were still looking, however warily, for the entrance.
By that time in their career, Sonic Youth had already decided that they would slip in through the side door or not at all. The ironic distance they maintain from the demands of touring, their insistence — exemplified by Kim Gordon's declaration that 1991 was “the year punk broke” — on self-consciously intervening in the production of cultural history, and, above all else, their special gift for living their convictions even as they deconstructed them: all demonstrate why the band is still going strong, seventeen years after Nirvana came to an end. Because they were never Sonic Youth, they have managed to plumb the relationship between rock music and young people without ever feeling obligated to live it. If punk did “break” in 1991, perhaps the reason was that this path was barred to the bands that followed in their wake.
Columnist
More than ever, higher education has become critical to snagging a stable job, moving up the income ladder and succeeding in the global economy.
Yet more than ever, higher education has also become a political football and object of derision.
Here in Arizona, Republican politicians clearly view beating up on colleges as a way to prove their conservative bona fides. Attorney General Mark Brnovich recently sued the board of regents of Arizona's public universities, which under state law is technically their client. Brnovich complains that tuition is too high to meet the state's constitutional requirement that colleges be "as nearly free as possible."
The suit unfortunately leaves out the fact that Arizona has cut state funding per student by 41 percent since 2008, second only to Louisiana in higher-ed disinvestment. Which suggests that if anyone is violating the constitution, it's state lawmakers, not schools.
"It's a political distraction motivated by something other than an actual interest in tuition-paying students," Arizona State University President Michael Crow told me. "It's motivated by the political aspirations of the person that filed the suit."
Arizona colleges are hardly the only institutions in the culture-war crosshairs.
At a dinner in New York last month with about a dozen college presidents, other officials described similar showdowns with peacocking, publicity-stunting politicians.
A group of Louisiana legislators recently threatened to further slash public higher-ed appropriations — already down 43 percent per student since 2008 — if any student football players took a knee during the national anthem, according to Louisiana State University President F. King Alexander. (The threat was withdrawn after Alexander reminded lawmakers that LSU players traditionally remain in the locker room during the anthem.)
In Iowa, a state senator introduced a bill requiring ideological litmus tests for faculty hiring. In Nebraska, state senators waged a media campaign against the state's flagship university after an ugly confrontation between a conservative undergrad and a liberal grad student went viral.
When I asked whether they believed provisions of the Trump tax bill targeting colleges were punitive, nearly every president at the dinner answered yes.
Ambitious Republican politicians are not wrong to see college-bashing as politically useful. Several recent surveys find huge partisan divides in views of higher education.
A June Pew Research Center survey found that a majority of Republicans believe colleges and universities have a "negative effect on the way things are going in the country." Democrats overwhelmingly said the opposite.
In an August Gallup survey, two-thirds of Republicans likewise said they have just some or very little confidence in colleges. The chief complaints: Schools are too liberal, they don't allow students to think for themselves and students are learning the wrong things.
Or as Donald Trump Jr. put it in a campus speech last fall: "We'll take $200,000 of your money; in exchange we'll train your children to hate our country."
Most troubling — at least from an economic perspective — Americans are losing faith in the payoff of a college degree.
In an August Wall Street Journal/NBC News survey, most Republicans, rural residents and people who consider themselves poor or working class said college isn't worth the cost. This is even though higher education averages a much bigger return than any other major investments; the occupations requiring at least some postsecondary education are projected to have the fastest job growth and highest earnings in the coming decade; and for those born at the bottom of the income distribution, a college diploma is key to achieving upward social mobility.
So how did college become a scapegoat for the nation's ills?
To hear Crow tell it, the primary problem is the long-brewing perception that college is inaccessible, catering only to the self-dealing elite. As a result, they say, ASU has worked hard to lower costs and make its student body more representative of the state's socioeconomic and ethnic makeup. In fact, contrary to Brnovich's lawsuit, net tuition (i.e., not the sticker price, but what students actually pay after grants and other financial aid) for in-state students is lower today than it was 30 years ago, Crow says. That's thanks to new funding sources (donations, grants, international students) and changes in how the school is organized.
What about that Republican perception that colleges are socialist brainwashing factories? I ask.
They smile. Then they acknowledge that even their prized university has not always had "intellectual balance," and notes that it has recently developed conservative-leaning programs.
Such initiatives have been partly funded by the otherwise-stingy state legislature, and partly by private donors, such as the Charles Koch Foundation.
Which may provide a worrisome preview into where public higher ed is heading elsewhere, too: replacing dwindling public dollars with private ones, especially those that will appease suspicious conservatives.
CLOSE Monti's La Casa Vieja, the oldest restaurant in Tempe, is closing on Nov. 17.
Monti's La Casa Vieja in Tempe. (Photo: Jack Kurtz/The Republic) Story Highlights Restaurant owner Michael Monti has eyed development on property around historic Hayden House that they sold
Monti says primary factor in closing iconic restaurant is cost of beef and cost of doing business
Monti's's father, Leonard Monti, bought Hayden House in 1954 and opened Las Casa Vieja in 1956
Hayden House, where Carl Hayden born, believed built in the 1870s, on National Register of Historic Places
Tempe's iconic Monti's La Casa Vieja, the oldest restaurant in the city and which is housed in the historic Hayden House on Mill Avenue, will close on Nov. 17 after nearly 60 years in business, restaurant owner Michael Monti confirmed Monday.
Monti said that for some time he's been interested in arranging developments around the Hayden House and, due to growing operating costs of the restaurant, they decided to sell.
RELATED: Tempe's Hayden House sold; office, hotel project planned
On Oct. 29, The Republic reported that the new owner of the property plans to develop two high-rise towers on the site, raising speculation about the future of the downtown restaurant that has been the gathering place for countless groups through the years and known Valley-wide for its steak, Roman bread and historic memorabilia.
"In this case, the primary factor really is cost of beef and cost of doing business," Monti said of the decision to close.
Monti's father, Leonard, bought the Hayden House in 1954 and opened Las Casa Vieja in 1956. The Hayden House, believed to be built in the 1870s, was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
RELATED: Restaurant openings and closings in October
Leonard F. Monti purchased La Casa Vieja in 1954. (Photo: Michael Monti)
The house, where Arizona politician Carl Hayden was born in 1877, will be preserved and be part of the $200 million office and hotel project on the southwestern corner of Mill Avenue and Rio Salado Parkway.
Monti said that the closing is bittersweet but that they have faith in the proposed project, along with the developers, which aim to keep the historical significance of the Hayden House intact.
RELATED: 20 places for steak and potatoes
"They are willing to do something worthy with the land and historic structure," Monti said. "The tradition and history aren't going away."
Monti said they have no plans to open another restaurant because the cost they would have to incur to stay in business would alter the experience that customers have come to count on at the original steakhouse. They will instead be focusing on their family.
"We're grateful as a family that people have supported the business over the years," Monti said. "I hope everybody will cherish the memories of Monti's."
Monti's La Casa Vieja was purchased by Leonard Monti in 1954. (Photo: Michael Monti)
A partnership of California and Colorado real-estate firms paid $16.875 million for the 2.5-acre site. Known as Hayden House Tempe LLC, the group plans to start construction on a 15-story office building, 16-story Kimpton hotel and 17,000 square feet of restaurant and retail space next year.
"Tempe is experiencing tremendous investment and revitalization," said Douglas Wilson, CEO of San Diego-based Douglas Wilson Cos., which is partnering with Greely, Colo.-based Hensel Phelps and Karlin Real Estate of Los Angeles to develop the project.
A previous deal, which fell through in 2011, called for a developer to build a high-rise next to the restaurant, which would remain open.
The project reflects that Tempe is the hot spot for development and redevelopment in Arizona.
Arizona State University recently named California-based Catellus Corp. the developer of the 330-acre area south of Tempe Town Lake that the school wants to transform into an athletic, commercial and residential district.
Construction is scheduled to start in the next few months on USA Place, a $436 million urban showpiece that is expected to transform a long-neglected corner of Mill into a major attraction, home to USA Basketball and entryway to ASU.
Construction is under way on the $600 million Marina Heights project, just north of ASU's Sun Devil Stadium, that will house more than 8,000 State Farm employees. It is the largest office complex yet built in Arizona.
And development of a high-end apartment complex, SALT, near the shore of Tempe Town Lake in the Hayden Ferry Lakeside mixed-used project, started in October.
"The sale and subsequent development of the Mill and Rio Salado (Hayden House) site is symbolic of the Tempe transformation," said Brent Moser, executive managing director of the Phoenix-based commercial real estate brokerage Cassidy Turley.
Republic reporter Catherine Reagor contributed to this report.
Read or Share this story: http://azc.cc/1qmJ5m9
Look out, it's the space cops! Tiny satellites developed to patrol Earth's orbit and monitor space junk
Nano satellites will be able to move satellites that are headed for a collision
Currently over 20,000 pieces of 'space junk' are tracked
System could avoid accidental collisions
Even in space, there is no escape from traffic cops.
A team of Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory are building a swarm of tiny cop-sats that will monitor and help the vast amounts of traffic in orbit.
They will create the most accurate maps of space junk ever created to avoid collisions.
Scroll down for video
It is estimated that there are as many as 370,000 pieces of space junk floating in Earth's orbit, travelling at speeds of up to 22,000 mph
WHAT IS SPACE JUNK?
Since the first object, Sputnik One, was launched into space 53 years ago, humankind has created a swarm of perhaps tens of millions of items of debris. The rubbish circling the planet comes from old rockets, abandoned satellites and missile shrapnel. There are around 22,000 objects in orbit that are big enough for officials on the ground to track and countless smaller ones that could do damage to human-carrying spaceships and valuable satellites. It is estimated that there are as many as 370,000 pieces of space junk floating in Earth's orbit, traveling at speeds of up to 22,000 mph. One major source of debris in the past was the testing of anti-satellite weapons carried out by both the U.S. and Soviet Union in the 1960s and 1970s.
Accidental events have also contributed to the problem. In February 2007 for instance, a Russian Briz-M booster stage exploded in orbit over South Australia.
The scientists have already tested their system in the lab.
They used a series of six images over a 60-hour period taken from a ground-based satellite to prove that it is possible to refine the orbit of another satellite in low earth orbit.
'Eventually our satellite will be orbiting and making the same sort of observations to help prevent satellite-on-satellite and satellite-on-debris collisions in space,' said Lance Simms, lead author of a paper appearing in an upcoming edition of the Journal of Small Satellites.
Collisions in space of satellites and space debris have become increasingly problematic.
To help satellite operators prevent collisions in space, the Space-Based Telescopes for Actionable Refinement of Ephemeris (STARE) mission, which will consist of a constellation of nano-satellites in low earth orbit, intends to refine orbits of satellites and space debris to less than 100 meters.
In their test, using the ground-based satellite, the Livermore team refined the orbit of the satellite NORAD 27006, based on the first four observations made within the initial 24 hours, and predicted NORAD's trajectory to within less than 50 meters over the following 36 hours.
By refining the trajectory of NORAD 27006 with their ground-based payload, the team believes they will be able to do the same thing for other satellites and debris once their payload is orbiting earth.
The tools and analysis used to capture the images of NORAD 27006 and refine its orbit are the same ones that will be used during the STARE mission.
'This leads credence to the capability of STARE to accomplish its mission objectives,' De Vries said.
Accurately predicting the location of a satellite in low earth orbit at any given time is difficult mainly because of the uncertainty in the quantities needed for the equations of motion.
Atmospheric drag, for instance, is a function of the shape and mass of the satellite as well as the density and composition of the unstable atmosphere.
These uncertainties and the incompleteness of the equations of motion lead to a quickly growing error in the position and velocity of any satellite being tracked in low earth orbit.
To account for these errors, the Space Surveillance Network (SSN) must repeatedly observe the set of nearly 20,000 objects it tracks; however, positional uncertainty of an object is about 1 kilometer.
This lack of precision leads to approximately 10,000 false alarms per expected collision.
With these large uncertainties and high false alarm rates, satellite operators are rarely motivated to move their assets after a collision warning is issued.
From left to right: Brian Bauman, Vincent Riot, Darrell Carter, Lance Simms and Wim De Vries have developed and tested land-based mini-satellites that eventually will be used in space to help control traffic in space.
The STARE mission aims to reduce the 1 kilometer uncertainty down to 100 meters or smaller, which will in turn reduce the number of false alarms by roughly two orders of magnitude, Riot said.
In the case of the Livermore team, they were able to reduce the uncertainty to 50 meters, well below the 100-meter goal.
Space might seem like a vast, empty expanse, but in reality the area surrounding Earth has become congested with junk.
This junk – which can include anything from old rockets, abandoned satellites to missile shrapnel - will soon make it difficult for spacecraft to leave the planet.
Japanese researchers are also investigating the problem.
Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) has now teamed up with Nitto Seimo, a company that manufactures fishing equipment, to build a ‘magnetic net' that can fish out space debris.
The first test of this equipment is scheduled for late February when a Japanese rocket will be launched to deploy a satellite made by researchers at Kagawa University.
Once the satellite is in orbit, it will release a 300 metre-long wire net that will then generate a magnetic field strong enough to attract some of the debris in orbit.
Both the net and its contents will burn up as they enter Earth's atmosphere.
Based on a data archive, each miniature sphere in this image represents an existing object orbiting in space. There are around 22,000 objects in orbit that are big enough for officials on the ground to track
The possibility of a satellite crashing into a hunk of space debris has worried scientists for years.
One collision could send thousands of pieces of debris spinning out, potentially destroying other satellites.
There are around 22,000 objects in orbit that are big enough for officials on the ground to track and countless smaller ones that could do damage to human-carrying spaceships and valuable satellites.
Television signals, weather forecasts, global-positioning navigation and international phone connections are just some of the services at risk.
A recent Nasa report said that the amount of space junk orbiting earth had reached a 'tipping point'.
In 2009 there was a major crash between a U.S. communications satellite and a defunct Russian military probe over Siberia.
The collision at speeds of at least 15,000mph created a cloud of 1,500 pieces of space junk that the International Space Station then had to manoeuvre to avoid.
A Chinese missile test in 2007 left 150,000 pieces of junk in the atmosphere.
Verizon's yearly refresh of its exclusive DROID line is fast approaching. The company will announce its new Motorola-produced phones on October 27th (a week from Tuesday), but thanks to a series of leaks, there won't be a lot of surprises on stage. The latest one is a pamphlet for the DROID Turbo 2, a high-end sequel to last year's flagship, and the DROID Maxx 2, a mid-range option that focuses on battery life. The leak comes from Droid Life, and it confirms several details that were leaked and/or rumored previously.
First of all, the DROID Turbo 2 will get access to the customization options on Moto Maker, a first for the DROID series. Various rear panel and trim options are shown on the page, very similar in style to the latest versions of the Moto X that Motorola has been selling for a little over a month. The PR material also mentions a "shatterproof screen," Verizon's take on a P-OLED display panel that's more resistant to cracks than conventional tempered glass. (The P stands for plastic - it's the same type of panel that LG uses in its G Flex series.) Perhaps with the shift to a more conventional Moto body style, and away from the Kevlar-infused bodies of previous DROID phones, they thought they needed a new "tough" standout feature.
The promotional page for the DROID Maxx 2 highlights a long battery life and removable colored rear panels. Note that this doesn't indicate a removable battery - that isn't part of Motorola's current industrial design. Blue, red, green, and black options are shown. Both phones will be highlighted with a trade-in program offering up to $300 for a used phone (remember that Verizon recently nixed its phone subsidies). If you're trading up to the DROID Turbo 2 you can even trade in a phone with a cracked screen - a big boon to anyone whose current phone is the worse for wear.
There's no word on prices, but expect the DROID Turbo 2 to come in at the usual $600-700 level with the DROID Maxx 2 coming in closer to $400-500.
With 975M yuan ($149M) to date, and a 30-day theatrical extension ahead of it, DreamWorks Animation/DreamWorks Oriental's Kung Fu Panda 3 has topped Monkey King: Hero Is Back (956M yuan) to become the biggest animated film ever in the Middle Kingdom in local currency. Sage that they are, DreamWorks Animation CEO Jeffrey Katzenberg predicted this would happen when they spoke with analysts last week on the company's quarterly earnings call.
The China performance “serves as proof” that Oriental DreamWorks “is building a world class studio for what will soon be the largest entertainment marketplace in the world,” Katzenberg said.
KFP3 released day-and-date in the U.S. and China on January 29. It took $58.3M in its initial PROC weekend, playing on 3D and IMAX screens.
The film, which has local status, set a Saturday record for previews a week ahead of release in January, selling $6.4M worth of tickets in just three hours. Particularly notable with this title is that there are two versions. One is the global English-language take while the other is in Mandarin and was reanimated to fit body movements and vernacular of the local voice cast including Jackie Chan. Raman Hui, a DreamWorks veteran and director of Monster Hunt, lent their consultation to the film.
Promotional efforts inclued a Beijing press conference back in November and a Shanghai premiere in January with Jack Black, Chan and Kate Hudson in attendance. Social media magnet Lu Han, who doubled as the local ambassador for Star Wars: The Force Awakens, released a KFP3 music video in December and superstar singer-songwriter Jay Chou provided the movie's theme song.
Looking back over the years, the Kung Fu Panda movies have grown with the Chinese market. The first one made $26M in 2008. The second one released in 2011 to a rough final total of $92M. There have been five years of growth in the market since and this past summer, Monkey King: Hero Is Back was praised for its performance.
Although KFP3 has not led the Middle Kingdom charts through its run, it has steadily added coin. Its release came a week before the Lunar New Year holiday period which saw the release of what is now the biggest movie ever in China, The Mermaid.
Image caption Blessing has been given hope in a centre for disabled people
Presenter and campaigner Sophie Morgan recently visited Ghana to see what life is like for disabled people there. What they found came as a big shock.
When I became paralysed in a car crash at 18, travelling abroad to new countries really helped me adjust to my disability. In the 12 years that have passed, I still find that whenever I am out of my comfort zone I am at my happiest.
Most trips I have taken involved forethought and planning, not just about whether I'd be able to get around in my wheelchair once I got there, but also about local attitudes. Over the years I have learnt that disability can bring out the best and the worst in people all around the world.
So it was with this in mind that last November I went to a country I had never been to before. And the things I saw made me want to never return.
I was travelling to Ghana to make a documentary about what life is like for some of the five million people who (according to Human Rights Watch) have a disability in the country.
To many, Ghana is a beautiful, safe country, the jewel in West Africa's crown. It's home to a wealth of resources that make it a stable and prosperous economy.
But I found some things that many tourists, holidaymakers or backpackers would never see. Nor, in fact, would many Ghanaians.
Image copyright Tom D Morgan Image caption Some disabled people haven't left the same room for 15 years
The people I met during my trip were mostly devout Christians, but who had imported traditional beliefs to shape the way they explain disability. It soon dawned on me that for many people, disability was considered not a physical or mental impairment, but in fact a spiritual sickness or curse that could either be healed by prayer or by confinement, and in some cases by physical violence.
I found this belief everywhere in the two weeks that I was there.
The first time I witnessed it was, I suppose, a relatively benign example. I was invited to meet a young Ghanaian family in the capital, Accra, to see how they managed life and work. The mother Beatrice and father Alfred are both disabled but, with a four-year-old son to educate, and bills to pay, they work hard to make ends meet.
Beatrice has polio and suffers terribly with low self-esteem having been ostracised almost all of their life. Being both uneducated and wheelchair-dependent, they have few work opportunities, so they sit beside the road every day selling oranges.
After an hour in the boiling sun, it became clear that Beatrice was not running a successful business. People who walked or drove to the area would stop at the other vendors around us to buy fresh fruit, but almost all of them shied away from Beatrice when they saw them wheelchair.
"It's normal," they said quietly. "They think they will catch a disability from me."
The next time I encountered this idea it was far more sinister and was at one of the hundreds of prayer camps found in Ghana.
Image caption Grace was given "medicine" at a prayer camp
I tried for a long time to get access to film at one of the mostly Christian prayer camps near Akkra, but was told this wasn't possible. Instead I was able to visit one of the Muslim spiritualist camps in the area.
On arrival, I heard a terrifying screaming sound coming from one of the camp's many wooden and concrete huts. It made me feel intimidated as I moved around the outdoor waiting room filled with disabled men and women sitting patiently, waiting to be healed.
I quickly saw where the noise was coming from as a young girl and their mother fell out of one of the buildings.
The girl, aged around 11, had tears, blood and snot streaming from their eyes and nose. They were screaming relentlessly, and fell feebly to the ground as I watched. Them mother was trying hard to hold them but was sobbing herself.
When I got to them, the child ran at me. I've never seen anyone so scared, their eyes were wild, and full of utter terror. I was told that the woman who runs the camp had put "medicine" in the girl's eyes, nose and ears and all I could understand was that it was because the child had a "curse". I later discovered they had epilepsy.
All around the camp men and women were shackled because they each had a mental or physical disability, and the chains were part of their treatment, along with beating, starvation and worse.
Disorientated and clearly in distress, one was covered in their own faeces and drinking their own urine, one was eating their own faeces, one was masturbating, one was wailing, most were crying and some were just silent.
Image copyright Tom D Morgan
All of this was justified to me by one person who worked there as treatment to heal the spiritual sickness that causes disability.
I journeyed all over the country to investigate further and found many disable people in difficult situations.
For many of them there is almost no access to equipment, education, transport, healthcare or work. As a result, many live in abject poverty. The stigma attached to disabled people and their families has shocking consequences, including confinement and torture.
There are also unconfirmed reports that sacrifices of disabled children take place, conducted by so-called "fetish priests".
More from the BBC
Image copyright Georgie Fienberg
Paul Apowida: From Ghanaian 'spirit boy' to UK soldier
Attempts were made to kill them as a baby because they were labelled a "spirit child" - a youngster possessed by an evil force. So-called spirit children are typically born with physical disabilities or identified as being the cause of misfortune.
The Ghanaian government has been called upon to act on these breaches of human rights, not only by Human Rights Watch, but also by the UN special rapporteur on torture, Juan Mendez, who reported that Ghana's treatment of people with psychosocial disabilities - in particular the practices of shackling the mentally ill to trees, depriving them of food or using electroshock therapy without anaesthesia - may constitute torture.
Mendez's report was given to the UN Human Rights Council in Geneva last year, but my journey to Ghana revealed little has been done to address the plight of disabled people.
I asked for an interview with the Ghanaian minister for health but they put forward the secretary of the National Council on Persons with Disabilities instead. They told me that the government had done nothing to stop this treatment so far, that often disabled people are not considered, even when it comes to decisions that affect them.
My time in Ghana has affected me in many ways. In the UK there are difficulties that act as a catalyst for much of the advocacy and campaigning work I do and we, like many other parts of the world, have a long way to go before we can say that being disabled isn't by definition disabling.
When I became disabled I thought my life would be over but, thanks to my friends, family, society and the government, this has not been the case. I have created a new life, one in which I feel deeply fulfilled and happy. But having seen the conditions in which disabled people exist in Ghana, it's impossible not to feel overwhelming guilt mixed with gratitude for my good luck.
Watch Sophie's journey on The World's Worst Place to be Disabled? which airs on Tuesday, 28 July at 21:00 BST on BBC Three as part of the Defying The Label season about disabled people.
Follow @BBCOuch on Twitter and on Facebook or email ouch@bbc.co.uk
VIENNA (Reuters) - Russia and China backed four Western powers on Wednesday to step up diplomatic pressure on Iran to allay concerns that it is developing atomic bombs capability, a day after Israel ramped up threats to attack the Islamic state.
The United States, France, Germany and Britain as well as Russia and China agreed a draft resolution at the U.N. nuclear agency to rebuke Iran over its expanded uranium enrichment programme while making clear their desire to find a peaceful resolution to the dispute which risks a new Middle East war.
Russia and China, critical of unilateral Western sanctions on Iran's oil exports, were initially reluctant to submit a resolution on Iran to the 35-nation board of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), diplomats said.
In contrast to the West's and the IAEA's assessments, Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov last week said there were no indications of a military nuclear programme in Iran.
The IAEA board is set to vote on Thursday on the text put forward by the six states, involved in a stalled diplomatic push to convince Iran to curb its nuclear activity.
Designed to show big power unity on the matter despite different views on Iran's nuclear programme, it seemed unlikely to have any immediate impact on Tehran, which has pressed ahead with its atomic activities despite harsh economic sanctions.
Backing by the six powers means approval by the board is guaranteed, but Western diplomats are keen to ensure near unanimous support in a bid to increase isolation of Tehran, which they suspect wants to develop a nuclear weapons capability. Iran says its work is peaceful.
Escalating tension on how to deal with Iran, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said on Tuesday that if world powers refused to set a red line for Tehran's nuclear programme, they could not demand that Israel hold its fire.
Last November, only Cuba and Ecuador voted against a board resolution censuring Iran after a report by the IAEA, a Vienna-based U.N. nuclear agency, gave details of suspected atom bomb research by Tehran, some of which may continue.
IRANIAN COOPERATION “URGENT”
Wednesday's draft text expressed “serious concern” about Iran's defiance of U.N. demands to suspend nuclear work which can have both civilian and military purposes, and urged it to cooperate with IAEA inspectors and grant them access to sites.
It voiced particular concern about Fordow, an Iranian enrichment site deep underground where an IAEA report in late August said the Islamic Republic had doubled its capacity over the last three months.
Iran says it wants to produce electricity and not bombs. Refined uranium can be used to fuel nuclear power plants. If enriched to a high degree, it can provide the explosive core for a nuclear warhead.
Israel, believed to be the Middle East's only nuclear-armed state, sees the risk of Iran developing an atom bomb as a threat to its existence and has stepped up hints of military action.
Washington says there is still time for diplomacy and sanctions to make Tehran change course.
In their proposed resolution, the six powers voiced continued “support for a peaceful resolution of the international community's concerns”.
They said Iran should immediately agree a framework accord with the U.N. nuclear watchdog to clarify questions over possible military dimensions to its nuclear programme.
An IAEA investigation into suspected nuclear weapons development work in Iran has made little progress over the last four years, with the West accusing Tehran of stonewalling.
Iranian cooperation with the IAEA “is essential and urgent in order to restore international confidence in the exclusively peaceful nature of Iran's nuclear programme”, the powers said.
Focus Features has acquired worldwide rights to the ghost story “The Little Stranger,” starring Domhnall Gleeson, Charlotte Rampling, Ruth Wilson and Will Poulter with Lenny Abrahamson directing.
Focus, which announced the deal Tuesday at the Cannes Film Festival, said production will begin in the U.K. this summer for a 2018 release. Pathe will handle distribution in the U.K., France and Switzerland.
Abrahamson, who received an Academy Award nomination for “Room,” will direct from a script by Lucinda Coxon, who wrote the screenplay adaptation of Focus' “The Danish Girl.” Coxon has adapted “The Little Stranger” from Sarah Waters' 2009 novel of the same name.
The story is set in a remote English village after the close of World War II, when Gleeson's local practitioner is called to the aged estate of Hundreds Hall to tend to an unwell parlor maid. The resident is also home to Rampling's glamorous widow and their two grown children, played by Wilson and Poulter — a badly disfigured veteran of the war. The family welcomes Gleeson's character and he's drawn into the mystery of the Hall's apparent haunting by a malevolent ghost, which ratchets up in intensity as they become more involved with the family.
“The Little Stranger” is a Focus feature, Pathé, and Film4 presentation in association with Ingenious Media and the Irish Film Board of a Potboiler production in association with Element Pictures. The producers are Gail Egan, Andrea Calderwood (“The Last King of Scotland”) and Ed Guiney (“Room”).
Executive producers are Pathé's Cameron McCracken, Film4's Daniel Battsek, Irish Film Board's Celine Haddad, Ingenious' Tim O'Shea, and Element's Andrew Lowe. The film was developed by Potboiler and Film4 with Element Films.
“We're thrilled to be working with Lenny, a filmmaker who has proven to redefine every genre they take on,” said Focus chairperson Peter Kujawski. “We are excited to be partnering once again with our good friends at Pathé and Film4 on The Little Stranger, a classic ghost story to chill moviegoers.”
Dear Fannibals,
By now, you've devoured Hannibal's third course. The people behind Hannibal the Cannibal [© Frederick Chilton] gave us a rare gift, and we will keep them in our hearts — and other organs — forever. We'd just die to work with Bryan, the De Laurentiis Co., Mads, Hugh, Laurence, Caroline, Gillian, Kacey, Hettienne, Aaron, Scott, Lara Jean, David, Loretta and the rest of the Hannibal family again. They let us know them — see them — and we're eternally grateful. It's not every day that we become privy to a team who allows us to fully appreciate the beauty, art and horror of everything that Hannibal's world has to offer. They snailed it with every scene and every line, and for that we owe them awe. This family poured their entire hearts and souls into creating some of the best work on TV. This is a family whose scripts never minced their exquisite words (just some people's kidneys). A family who managed to make eating human body parts look appetizing. A family who, somehow, made every single frame of this show a work of art that could inspire the greatest of becomings. This is a family who created some of the most hauntingly gorgeous music known to man. (Indisputable fact. Fight us! We'll take this to the pantry.) A family whose performances could simultaneously produce tears, sickness and laughter. A family who could make you appreciate that combination.
Perhaps most importantly, this is a family that loves the Fannibals so much that they could just eat you up.
Over the last three years, we have begun to blur, nakamas. We want nothing more than to properly thank you for your love, wit, and fanfic, so we're going to make like Hannibal and take a stab at it.
Spoilers: We've tried to honor every part of you since day one.
From the very beginning, this has been the most rewarding professional and personal experience. You made a place for Hannibal in your world. For that, know that there will always be a place setting for you at our table. You made the experience incredibly hearty, and that's not just because nothing here was vegetarian, nakamas. It was because of you that Hannibal won countless polls, including Hulu's “Best in Show.” It was because of you that Mads got a taste of some of the best fanfic that the Internet has to offer. It was you that live tweeted with us for 13 hours straight to devour the first season. It was you that took our gorgeous show and created countless pieces of awe-inspiring fan art. (Yes, Senpai noticed.) See? See? You are the reason this fandom is so hearty. Just know that you're not alone. We're standing right beside you, and we owe you awe, too.
Together, all of this has been our design. There will always be room for you in our memory palaces. We thank you for making room for us in yours, too. It was an honor to dine with you each and every week. And, just to confirm, it was DEFINITELY that kind of party.
Until the teacup gathers itself back up again, bonsoir and bon appétit, beloved Fannibals.
Mounted hearts and flower crowns,
nbchannibal
The original Tomb of Horrors AD&D module, published in 1978, had a widespread reputation for being the deadliest dungeon ever created, so full of nasty traps and puzzles that a PC who wasn't utterly paranoid was basically hamburger, and even the paranoid PCs fell in droves as well. In fact, it was so dangerous that my suspicion is that very few players experienced the dungeon without dilution or foreknowledge.
One of my complaints about the original is that so many gamers owned a copy it was impossible to surprise anyone with the riddles and traps. Therefore, I'm going to review the 2010 version of the Tomb of Horrors in more general terms so as to not ruin anyone's surprise.
So what is different between this version and the original? The answer is that this is not a rehashing or revision – it's a sequel, describing the plots demilich Acerekak concocts after the pesky adventurers roust their old tomb. And there is a plot! In the original, the demilich was basically hanging out – the Tomb truly was a tomb. In the updated version, they have a devious plan. Furthermore, the new Tomb is actually multiple locations on different planes. This makes for more of a campaign environment than a simple dungeon crawl. In fact, the updated version starts PCs out at 10th level and expects them to be in their 20s toward the end.
Another difference, in keeping with 4th Edition's direction toward more tabletop combats, is that there are vastly more monsters and much fewer traps and puzzles. Which is not to say the latter are gone, there are tons of them – but the proportion of monsters is higher. Some who remember the classic adventure may dislike this, but 4E has evolved toward more action; deal.
One of the innovations of the original was the fabulous art – handouts that players could study for clues. The 2010 version has these as well, and I really like them – though they are bound into the book, making it relatively difficult for players to look at them closely. Also, the art seems less directed toward providing clues to the players, and more to adding color to the adventure. Still, I appreciate the thought and hope that more adventures use them as well.
Tomb of Horrors is a lengthy quest that will occupy PCs for nearly half their careers, in terms of levels. It brings them from the lowest part of the Paragon tier through the middle of the Epic tier. Along the way they'll get to battle ferocious monsters and defeat dangerous traps, while puzzling out Acererak's diabolical plot. It does an admirable job of capturing Acererak's cunning while updating the adventure for 4E's combat-heavy feel.
See Also: Top 10 D&D Modules I Found in Storage This Weekend
Sign-up Today for our FREE Newsletter and receive a four-part video series on how to deadlift! Name Email
The Bangor Police Department has quite the presence on social media and has caught the attention of the popular personality.
Getty Images
Facebook is littered with Facebook pages for police departments that update once a year and don't offer much substance. The Bangor Police Department's Facebook page is not one of those pages.
This Maine police department has gotten attention for its entertaining posts, including the Duck of Justice , that bring a bit of comedy to a profession that can be pretty grim at times. Sgt. Tim Cotton's writing style has been a hit with locals and has now gotten the attention of television host, narrator and actor Mike Rowe.
Rowe, who is a self-professed champion of hard work and dedication in the American workforce, praised the police department's writing on their Facebook page on Thursday afternoon.
I don't follow The Bangor Police Department's Facebook Page because I like cops, (though I do,) or because I like Bangor, (which I also do.) I do it because I appreciate good writing. Well, this guy can write…
They shared one of Cotton's latest posts called " Got Warrants? " where they try to add a human touch to police reports. Here is the introduction to their latest entry:
“Got Warrants?” is typically enjoyable to write because it means I have finished reading reports about the last 7 days. This does not include the heinous things that come in through fax machines and include children as victims. We don't talk about those here. It does not include those that we have dealt with that are struggling with drug addiction, mental illness and the horrific things that happen because of those afflictions. Not appropriate. Officers of the Bangor Police Department typically respond to about 100 calls per day. 700 calls a week. Give or take a few. I go through the reports looking for something to smile about. That does not mean there is not a little sadness included because the folks that we speak of, while not giving their names, have a story beyond what we see here. I do keep that in mind, believe me. Arresting people for criminal activity is a serious job. However, included in the seriousness of the business are small slivers of levity. I look for those. We all look of for those.
Facebook fans of the Bangor police department seem to love these write ups and how it connects the officers to the community. Cotton had another update on Thursday to follow up on the "Got Warrants" post.
Mike Rowe is well-known for their work on shows like Dirty Jobs and other shows centered around the common man. They have an amazing voice and a positive, yet sarcastic, sense of humor that their fans love. The department is sure to get some more fans after such a big shoutout.
Former Arizona Coyotes forward David Moss has inked a deal with the Swiss club HC Biel in the National League A (NLA) for the remainder of the 2015-16 season, the team announced
The 33-year-old winger played nine NHL seasons, starting at age 25, but couldn't find a new contract over the summer, eventually taking a professional tryout contract (PTO) with the Milwaukee Admirals, AHL affiliate of the Nashville Predators. A contract didn't materialize during their time there.
Last season the veteran scored four goals and eight assists through 60 games with Arizona. That was a significant step back in production from the kind of secondary scoring Moss had provided previously during their 501 career NHL games split between the Coyotes and Calgary Flames. In the 2013-14 season they put up eight goals and 14 assists through 79 games while averaging just under two minutes more than they did last season.
Moss is one of many regular NHLers who had a tough time finding work over the summer, with the cap going up less than expected and teams turning to younger players en masse. Some, like Curtis Glencross, decided to retire, while others took their time hoping for another PTO — Martin Havlat and Dainius Zubrus took in-season PTOs that turned into contracts — but found themselves signing overseas after nothing came through, like David Booth did just last week.
RELATED: Bern Fires Guy Boucher, Will Return to North America
Kvyat: Carlos prefers to talk to me through journalists
A spat between Toro Rosso duo Carlos Sainz and Daniil Kvyat has erupted in the wake of the Canadian Grand Prix, with the Russian accusing the Spaniard of using the media to to have a dig at him.
Sainz questioned the tactics of their team and accused them of favouring Kvyat in an internal agreement, during qualifying, whereby they were to give a slipstream to the sister car, but they claim that the Toro Rosso pitwall favoured Kvyat unfairly in the process.
Sainz complained to Spanish reporters after qualifying in Montreal, “I was not happy about it because we are not given good chances.”
“When you are not being given good chances, you're giving away four tenths on the straight, you don't get to enjoy it much. It was planned for me to go in front.”
“But to go the four sessions in front, the four times you are out in front, for me it's not fair,” added Sainz with reference to the slipstream arrangement within the team.
Kvyat was aware of the comments and retaliated, “We change the order the cars go out at every race and everyone in the team knows it.”
“From my side everything is clear, so if they are brave, they should come and talk to me. But it seems that they prefer to talk to me through journalists.”
“From my side I have nothing to say to him. I know that I behaved properly. In Baku they should be behind me but now I'm not sure I want to work with them after everything they said. I'm not sure that we want to cooperate in the qualifying,” predicted Kvyat.
Last month Red Bull driver consultant said of Sainz, “I think they would progress or develop better if they left this ‘Madrid protection zone', further away from the father.  They are like a young bird in the nest.”
Neither of the the Toro Rosso drivers finished the race in Montreal, and after seven rounds Sainz has 25 championship points while Kvyat has only four.
Big Question: Are Toro Rosso favouring Daniil over Carlos?
A Minnesota woman gave birth while driving themselves to the hospital as their husband steered the car into the parking lot from the passenger side, The Bemidji Pioneer reports.
Amanda McBride, 29, of Bagley, Minn., left work early to head for the hospital when they suspected that they were about to give birth. En route, they picked up their husband, Joseph Phillips, at home.
McBride drove the 2005 red Chevrolet Cobalt because Phillips suffers seizures, the newspaper says.
As they got near the hospital, their water broke.
"She yelled at me to grab the wheel," Phillips tells The Pioneer. "And then, all of a sudden, I heard this little waa-a-a-a (cry)."
Amanda says they had managed to pull down their pants after their water broke, "and then the baby just came right out."
"I was just sitting on the seat and they just slid out," they say. "It really wasn't bad at all."
Amanda held the baby and turned on the car heater while Phillips managed to steer the car into the hospital parking lot, the newspaper reports.
The 8-pound newborn, also named Joseph, is McBride's third son.
(Posted Doug Stanglin)
The folks behind Pressy were only looking for $40,000 from their Kickstarter campaign, but they have made somewhat more than that. With 5 days to go, Pressy is closing in on $650,000. To give it a little more steam coming into the home stretch, the creators are offering one more stretch goal to enable long-press screenshot capture and editing.
If you've ever wanted to mark up a screenshot, you probably had to jump into an app to do it. If Pressy hits the goal, it will get an additional feature that triggers a screenshot when long-pressed. But that's not all – you can also doodle on the screenshot without going anywhere. When the button is released, the Android sharing menu will pop up automatically. This could be a crazy-fast way to highlight something in a block of text or write yourself a note for later.
As of this posting, the campaign is sitting at a little over $614,000, so hitting $650k in five days seems doable. Although, the developers admit they are already starting work on the screenshot functionality. If this sounds cool to you, the basic Pressy can still be had for $17, or $20 with a handy keychain holder.
[Pressy Kickstarter]
The Bay Area water system is a byzantine patchwork of agencies -- more than 50 in all -- that provides water to customers. Some are the ones you see on your water bill. Others are middlemen that provide water to local agencies at the the wholesale level.
And some of that water makes a long journey. Southern California has the reputation for tapping far-flung sources for its water needs, but the Bay Area is in the same boat.
More than two-thirds of the Bay Area's water supply comes from outside the region, which means in extreme drought years like this one, local water districts are competing with many others around the state for limited supplies.
Bay Area Water Districts by Major Source of Supply
Hetch Hetchy Water System
The system originates more than 100 miles from its primary customers, in Yosemite National Park. O'Shaughnessy Dam was built on the Tuolumne River in 1923 to create Hetch Hetchy Reservoir. The water travels through a series of pipelines before it reaches the Bay Area and blends with five local reservoirs. The Tuolumne River joins the San Joaquin River and flows into the Delta.
Girls entered the world with the kind of hype that all but guarantees a backlash. Scoring an 87 on Metacritic—a score my own rave review of the first three episodes didn't factor into—the show was the second-highest-rated new show of the 2011-12 TV season, behind only Homeland. It inspired think-piece after think-piece, often in New York-based publications that were apparently thrilled at having yet another show exposing the “truth” of life in that city. The series was almost fatally overexposed, particularly for an unassuming show that was bound to have lower ratings, being on HBO and all. That meant an “overrated!” backlash was all but inevitable, particularly given that the pilot isn't as strong as most of the episodes that followed.
Yet there's something unsettling and troubling about the Girls backlash, especially when compared to another show that debuted on HBO around the same time with a female protagonist and glowing reviews: Veep, which has inspired essentially no viewer backlash whatsoever. Don't get me wrong, I like Veep a lot, but it doesn't seem nearly as interesting or well-constructed as Girls. It's a good show, but it's the kind of good show that would have been remarkably hard to screw up, given the pedigree of everybody involved. It's also the kind of good show that fits squarely within our masculine ideals of what “good television” is. (More about that in a bit.) Girls are on another tightrope altogether, subtly pushing at the limits of what TV can do, for which it's been lambasted in some corners.
Advertisement
Some of that's just the Internet, where the culture of comments sections—both here and elsewhere—all but guarantees that negative opinions will turn into an echo chamber, while positive opinions will fight for oxygen. (I visit a forum, for instance, that will gladly tell you how season four of Breaking Bad was Just The Worst, and to fight against that tide isn't easy.) But the quality of the backlash against Girls and many other shows with female creators or protagonists—including New Girl, Suburgatory, Enlightened, 2 Broke Girls, Whitney, and yes, even Homeland—is at best uncharitable and at worst disturbingly sexist. Go back to that first TV Club review and scroll down to comments. Go to any review of the pilot and scroll down to comments. There were a lot of people out there who had made up their minds about the series before it aired a single frame, simply because of what it was about.
One of my responses to these people was recently circulated around the Internet as an example of how to fight back against the sexism that's greeted the show. That comment sounds angrier than intended, but I stand behind the bulk of it. What's gotten lost in the shuffle is the idea that the argument was only against one particular point, that if we could just get people to stop saying Lena Dunham is ugly, then the Internet will be made safe from sexism forever. And, yeah, the argument that the show should be funnier because Dunham's not hot enough to make up for it reeks of the boys' club humor that too much of the Internet takes for granted as standard operating procedure. But that idea didn't arise in a vacuum. If it had, it would be much easier to take. Instead, it comes out of a world where Dunham's show can't be good for reasons that are often poorly articulated. Too often, the underlying assumption is that the show can't be good because Dunham is female, and she's writing about distinctly female experiences. (Again, I point to this Film Crit Hulk article about how many of the initial attacks on the show—from people who hadn't even seen it yet, in most cases—were driven by sexism.)
To be fair, not all of this is driven by sexism, though it's driven by certain sexist attitudes we have about television. We have a very particular idea about what makes “good” TV in this age of episodic online reviews. “Good” TV is either a single-camera sitcom filled with pop-culture references or moments of pathos (ideally both), or a serialized drama—often on cable—that probes the darkest limits of the human experience and has a bad-boy protagonist. In essence, we've created a world where the only two shows that can be copied to make good TV are Arrested Development and The Sopranos.
Advertisement
There's nothing wrong with this, actually. Copying those two shows has resulted in a lot of great series, including some terrific, distinctly feminist TV, be it the female heroes of Parks & Recreation or Mad Men's multi-faceted portrayal of what it meant to be a woman in the '60s. But copying those two shows has also resulted in a narrow TV palette, a limited series of colors to draw from when constructing the next “great” TV show. These series tend to have sensibilities that are very white and masculine, largely because they're all created by white males, and, hey, write what you know. (It's not like my reviews aren't informed by this same perspective.) Even the shows created in this mold that have female characters at their centers—Damages, say—tend to define that female character by how well they fit into a traditionally masculine world.
A few months ago, Mike White gave a talk to aspiring screenwriters at the Writers' Guild, and they said something that cemented much of what I like about their series Enlightened. White and their co-creator, Laura Dern, had fumbled through a bunch of different ideas for the show after HBO commissioned them, but the one they eventually landed on centered on a distinctly feminine archetype: the too-emotional woman who's often all up in other people's personal space. White and Dern were going to present this character as something of an antihero, but they were also going to ask people to strongly identify with her, to understand why they were the way they were and root for them to find the insight they so desired. Male antiheroes have been so thoroughly disseminated in TV culture that it's easy to forget the goals they pursue—money or power or sex—aren't the only goals that can be pursued to a fault. On Enlightened, Dern is pursuing something that's been codified as feminine in our society—connection—and she's doing so in a manner that's often off-putting (hopefully in a funny way). It took a while for critics, myself included, to get what was going on here, and the show was called everything from annoying to self-involved—just like any number of too-emotional women who are often up in people's personal space.
Girl takes a similar tack. Its characters are distinctly feminine, longing to have voices in a male-dominated society and not taking for granted that they'll have to squeeze those voices around the edges of the discourse, but they go about it in ways that are often antiheroic. One of the earliest debates about the series was whether viewers were meant to “root” for Hannah when they so often did bad things, like stealing a tip their parents left for a hotel maid or not seeming to care about anybody but herself. Part of this is just a general lack of comfort with comedic antiheroes, who are usually presented with a level of detachment that allows us to realize they're not meant to be characters we emulate, but rather characters we recognize the darkest parts of ourselves in. (See also: David Brent, Larry David, Kenny Powers, etc.) Dunham presents Hannah without these filters. The show isn't doing any judging for its viewers, instead asking them to judge the characters' behavior for themselves. Girls' world is essentially realistic, which makes it tempting to assume we're supposed to root for the characters to tumble even further into self-absorption—particularly in the early going, before the series' central figures got called on a lot of their bullshit. Hannah's an unreliable narrator, and we're constantly forced to re-evaluate the way we see things through their point of view. But this also means we're sometimes wrong about our conclusions, and that's never fun to realize.
Advertisement
Certainly there are other levels to the backlash against the show. I can even agree with the notion that the series is too white, despite the fact that this is a problem that bedevils nearly every show on television, though I wouldn't want it to sink into outright tokenism. In addition, the backlash on the grounds that the show's about children of privilege is understandable: Watching a show about women who begin the series living off their parents' largesse is particularly galling in an age when plenty of young adults are having to move back in with parents who also have no idea how they're going to make ends meet after losing jobs or taking pay cuts. Though I don't entirely agree with either of these criticisms, I at least get where they're coming from.
But there's a lack of even the most basic critical charity extended toward Girls that clearly stems from those old sexist attitudes we have about what makes good television. (And these are attitudes I've frequently held myself: I certainly wasn't on the Enlightened bandwagon from day one, because the protagonist was too “annoying,” something I'm not exactly proud of now.) Those attitudes have manifested in an overt, angry manner: During a live-chat I participated in for The Guardian, someone asked if I was only giving the show good grades because I wanted to perform sex acts on one of the characters. But they've also manifested in more subtle ways, in the way too many people don't seem willing to give the show any benefit of the doubt. The series has more than borne out the suspicion many of us had that Hannah's self-absorption was being criticized, not celebrated. Yet the idea that it's meant to be a celebration is still held up as a frequent criticism.
And every week, the goalposts move. One week, it's that the show doesn't depict the city of East Lansing, Michigan, entirely accurately. The next week, it's that it somehow makes crack seem “fun.” One week, it's the idea that the show's “not funny enough,” whatever that means. The next week, it's the idea that the show's male characters aren't well-developed enough. It's not that there aren't grounds to criticize this program—some of the supporting players could still use development, and Dunham occasionally becomes too enamored of over-the-top gags—but the series is too often expected to somehow be a perfectly realistic depiction of the lives of young people in the big city, while also the funniest show on television.
Advertisement
All TV fans inherently understand that TV is about watching for a while to see where shows go, to get a sense of a series' sensibility and point of view. Yet this basic critical charity wasn't extended toward Girls by far too many of its angriest viewers. By the time the show had conclusively proved that those early episodes weren't flukes, the narrative had set in to the extent that many couldn't see what was good about the show. There are criticisms to be made of this show, but too many of the criticisms being made are largely baseless and unwarranted.
Alyssa Rosenberg wrote a piece in response to my comment that crystallized much of what I've been struggling to say about the backlash against the show. Rosenberg argues that one of the factors driving the anger against the show is that in the media, women who look like Dunham are rarely given agency. They're the funny best friends, or the goofy girls the protagonist sleeps with but doesn't tell their friends about, or the crazy bitches the protagonist tries to get away from. The world of entertainment still, all too often, values women only as objects of beauty to be placed on screen and ogled. I have no problem looking at a beautiful woman, but the world is full of other women who have profound, intelligent, often hilarious things to say, and Dunham is very quietly making a space for those voices on TV, in a way that's revolutionary both in terms of the show's gender politics and in terms of its presentation.
Or look at it this way: If this show was called Guys, and its showrunner/protagonist was in every other way similar to Dunham/Hannah—a dorky, slightly overweight guy who bumbled their way through Brooklyn, trying to find their purpose and working their way through a calamitous love life—would any of these criticisms have popped up? Would the people being uncharitable toward Girls have been uncharitable toward that series? I can point to a show that was pretty much just that: It was called I Just Want My Pants Back, it was on MTV, it got solid reviews (including from me), it was a pretty good show, and nobody raised a fuss about it whatsoever. But that show was firmly inside of our typically masculine ideals of what makes good TV. It wasn't stretching those limits even a little bit. What's most frustrating about Girls isn't that there's a backlash, or that some people say Dunham is ugly, or that the show is criticized at all. What's most frustrating about Girls is that Dunham has something to say, and far too many people are covering their ears and screaming, “I'm not listening!”
See which user accounts hackers try to access on your server the most
Everyone knows that script kiddies are constantly bombarding servers with login requests, attempting to get access to an account which you might have secured with a stupid password. I was curious to find out which accounts they were attempting to login as, and more importantly, if any of these accounts were actual accounts I knew of.
I couldn't find anything on the internets, but I was able to cobble together the following (overly) complex command:
sudo cat /var/log/auth.log | grep -oEi "Invalid user ([a-zA-Z0-9]+)" \ | colrm 1 13 | sort | uniq -c | sort -h
If you'd like an explanation, check out the command breakdown on Explain Shell.
Here are some of the more popular accounts people attempt to login as:
30 ftpuser 33 astrid 33 autumn 33 baileys 36 avalon 36 testuser 39 git 42 bezhan 42 test 45 admin 45 asuka 45 auction 45 bar 45 bella 48 bbs 54 bandits 57 bind 57 oracles 63 nagios 69 au 78 ben 87 ftps 93 bills 864 ftptest
If you know of a better way to format this command (I have a feeling the length can be cut in half) leave a comment!
December 12th will mark one year to the day since I returned from my 3 month European walkabout. A trip during which I explored Scotland, England, The Netherlands, Germany, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Austria, Slovenia, Croatia, Bosnia Herzegovina, Italy, San Marino, The Vatican and Greece. While it has been less than a year and I have no right to complain, my feet have been itching for the open road, my eyes dying for new sights and my palate hankering for new tastes and foods. I still have some great content to share and post on the usual subjects before I leave, but please be advised that for the duration of the trip (12/16/08-1/1/09) I will be publishing travel journals instead of my typical blog content.
The Research
For the past month I've been scouring the web for deals and information. New Zealand's weather, current currency rate, and beauty put it high on the list. As did the climate, exchange rate and tango dancing in Argentina. I even considered Iceland despite the 5 hours of daylight and 35 degree highs…after all how can you beat an opportunity to visit a Scandinavian country whose currency has lost nearly half of its value in the last 5 months? A return trip to the Greek islands also received heavy consideration. As did Costa Rica, Hawaii and Cancun. So many amazing destinations … each with its own flavor, its own mystery and its own adventure.
One of the most exciting things about travel is how your comfort level changes the more you do it. As I learn more about the world at large my curiosity and hunger to explore it continues to grow. The end result is a fairly carefree approach to where I end up. I know that no matter where I go or what part of the world I explore, I will grow as an individual while experiencing exciting new tastes, adventures and cultures. The beauty of that approach is it allows me to be significantly more flexible when booking my trip. To use my upcoming trip as an example; despite researching possible destinations and airfare for more than a month and a half, it wasn't until 60 minutes before I booked my flight that I knew which country/continent I was going to be traveling to. 30 minutes after that I'd narrowed the destination down to Barcelona and Madrid and shortly there after my ticket was booked. There are few sensations like clicking “submit” and knowing that you just invested a sizable chunk of money in airfare and have committed to a new adventure. In its own way it's every bit as exciting as a state of the art roller coaster ride and I find it often leaves me with similar butterflies in my stomach.
Unfortunately, the only time I'm able to get off is between December 16th and the 4th of January. As a result of the holiday travel, airfare skyrockets during this period – even on international flights. As it turned out airfare to Argentina was over $500 more than a trip to Spain with airfare to New Zealand coming in at $800-$1000 more. Places like Hawaii, Cancun, and Puerto Rico were cheaper, but only by about $200. By flying out on the 16th (my earliest possible date) and being willing to fly home on New Year's Day, I was able to find airfare more than $200+ dollars cheaper than if I tried to fly back on the 2nd-4th.
The Resources
I do most of my booking research through Lessno.com and Kayak.com both of which do an excellent job searching multiple carriers and returning quality results. While both offer a flexible date search the matrix which Lessno generates is the best I've seen on a travel booking site and allows for a much wider date range than Kayak. On the flip side, with registration, Kayak's daily fare monitoring e-mails can be really useful. I did my actual booking, however, through FlyCheapAbroad.com which is the same service I booked through last year. The website looked unprofessional and left me a bit nervous, but every time I've used them so far, they have delivered quality service and an unbeatable price. The flight I ended up booking through them was the exact same flight that came up on Kayak but for more than $40 less. Hopefully they won't disappoint. For those considering a flight to Hawaii or New Zealand, I discovered that Hawaiian Airlines and Air New Zealand/Qantas all run fantastic specials 1/2-2/3 of the lowest prices on Kayak and other search sites. If you're booking far enough in advance, it always pays to double-check with the carrier and see what they're offering.
With all of the global economic issues the dollar has been skyrocketing and while this may not be incredible for the US economy, it's every travelers dream. The US dollar has gained over 20% against several major currencies over the last 6 months, and shows no signs of slowing down. It's a great time to travel if you've been lucky enough to avoid the flood of pink slips going out.
The Destination
As mentioned above, I ended up selecting Spain as my destination. My travel style is backpack/hostel based and takes a very play-it-by-ear approach. I've booked my ticket so I know my starting and ending destination, but that's about the extent of it. I'll be booking a hostel ahead of time in Spain for my first 2 nights and another over Christmas as a precautionary step, but beyond that my trip will be fluid. While I may end up making it over to Portugal, it's more likely that I'll be focusing on southern Spain. 16 days should be just about the right amount of time to give southern Spain a somewhat thorough going over. Similar to the first 2 months of my trip last year I'll be traveling on my own and I'll use Hostelworld.com, Couchsurfing.com and Hostelbookers to find and book my accommodations.
I'm eager to re-visit Spain and see it through an adult's eyes and perception (I spent time there when I was 11 back in '95) . I'm also thrilled to have an opportunity to explore a piece of Europe I skipped over during my last trip. I'd love to make it over into southern France but highly doubt I'll even make it as far as Barcelona.
One exciting addition to the trip that I did not have with me last year is an ultra portable Flip Camera. If all goes according to plan I should have the usual travel photos as well as exciting new video to share with you all.
Have tips, suggestions or ideas on where to go/see and stay? Please share them in the comments section below! It's time to do a bit of wayfaring!
Sergey Lavrov has lashed out at the US for their double standards over Ukraine and taking steps that “only promoted further aggravation” of the conflict. They added Russia is ready to guarantee agreements between Kiev and the self-proclaimed republics.
Follow RT's LIVE UPDATES on Munich Security Conference
One of the major sticking points of the crisis so far has been the failure of Kiev to engage in talks with militia leaders in the East of the country. Lavrov is staggered the US, who talked with the Taliban during their invasion of Afghanistan, through channels in Doha, Qatar, is unable to put pressure on Kiev to engage in discussions.
“In the case of Libya, Afghanistan, Iraq, Yemen and Sudan our partners actively asked governments to enter into dialogue with the opposition, even if they were extremists. However, during the Ukrainian crisis, they act differently, making up excuses and try to justify the use of cluster bombs,” the Russian Foreign Minister said, who was speaking at a security conference in Munich on Saturday.
The issue of the far right's rise in Ukrainian politics has been swept under the carpet by the US and EU. Some members of the Ukrainian parliament have promoted ideas such as exterminating Russians and Jews. However, these haven't been reported or caused any alarm in the West, Russia's foreign minister added.
Sergey V. Lavrov (@mfa_russia): Recent development have corroborated our warnings. Remember Pres. Putin's speech here in Munich. #MSC2015 — Security Conference (@MunSecConf) February 7, 2015
“Our partners in the West have closed their eyes to everything that the Kiev government has said and done, which includes xenophobia. Some have advocated an ethnically clean Ukraine.”
‘US has escalated crisis in Ukraine'
Throughout the Ukrainian crisis, the West has viewed Russia as the aggressor. The Kremlin has been accused of arming eastern Ukrainian militia and even sending Russian troops to reinforce them - claims Moscow has repeatedly denied. It has stated on many occasions that despite the damning rhetoric no sufficient evidence has been ever presented.
On the contrary, Lavrov says the US has been the destabilizing factor in Ukraine.
“Through every step, as the crisis has developed, our American colleagues and the EU under their influence have tried to escalate the situation,” Lavrov maintained.
Lavrov: Our Western partners were not guided by common European security but by illusions. #MSC2015 — Security Conference (@MunSecConf) February 7, 2015
They pointed to the failure of the EU to engage Russia about Ukraine signing an economic association agreement with the bloc, Western involvement during the Maidan protests, the failure of the West to condemn Ukraine for calling its own citizens terrorists and for supporting a coup, which led to the toppling of a democratically elected president.
“The US made it public it brokered the transit of power in Ukraine. But we know perfectly well what exactly happened, who discussed candidates for the future Ukrainian government on the phone, who was at Maidan, and what is going on (in Ukraine) right now,” Lavrov said.
READ MORE: ‘US imperial overstretch: Washington reckless in calls to arm Kiev, should put Russia into context'
Despite these setbacks, Russia's foreign minister says their country still wants and needs a normal relationship with the West.
The strategic partnership with the EU has “failed the test of durability,” Lavrov said. In turn, the US is “always trying to put the blame on Russia in complicated situations created by themselves.”
‘Military solution not the answer to Ukraine crisis'
There is some hope that a solution to the conflict may emerge, following German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Francois Hollande's visit to Moscow for talks with Vladimir Putin. Announcements from Washington and NATO that they might provide Kiev with weaponry, which has long been sought by Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko, are thought to have galvanized parts of Europe to try at last to find a peaceful solution to the conflict.
Lavrov is adamant that a military solution is not the answer and would only inflame an already volatile situation. They added that Russia, Germany and France are ready to become guarantors of the agreements, if that can be achieved between the protagonists in the Ukraine crisis.
READ MORE: Hopes for breakthrough: Moscow talks on Ukraine 'constructive,' joint doc 'possible'
“If the main participants of the Minsk peace process, the Ukrainian authorities and the representatives of the Donetsk and Lugansk People's Republics, come to an understanding on every article of the Minsk agreements, I'm absolutely sure that Russia will be there to secure the guarantees of these agreements,” they said.
“No matter where, in the OSCE or the UN Security Council, I'm certain that both Germany and France are also ready to provide such guarantees.”
Lavrov spoke at length and on numerous occasions about the need for all countries to adhere to the Helsinki accords, which among other things, champions the self-determination of peoples and respect for human rights. They mentioned that European security is based on both the UN Charter and the Helsinki agreement, but has been sabotaged by the US and its allies.
‘Crimea had right to self-determination'
While the West has hit out at what it believes to be a Russian ‘annexation' of Crimea, the Russian Foreign Minister says that the will of over 90 percent of the peninsula's population has been ignored, pointing to a referendum in which residents almost unanimously voted to join Russia. They gave the example of Kosovo, which despite not holding a referendum, was allowed to leave Serbia and create its own state.
“In Crimea what happened complies with the UN Charter on self-determination,” the minister said. “The UN Charter has several principles, and the right of a nation for self-determination has a key position.”
Sergey Lavrov was also critical of the US for breaking the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty (INF), which had been signed between the two countries, saying the global community was fully aware of Washington's actions.
“During the creation of the global anti-missile shield, Washington expanded a large scale program that was designed to create target missiles, which were similar to those banned in the INF treaty, such as ground based ballistic missiles,” Russia's foreign minister concluded.
Lavrov to Kerry: Russia won't give up national interests
Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov warned US Secretary of State John Kerry that US plans to supply Kiev with military equipment might have “unpredictable consequences,” including “disrupting the efforts to resolve the crisis in southeastern Ukraine.”
They stressed during their meeting in Munich that Russia and the US agree that the only basis for any solution is comprehensive national dialogue on constitutional reform.
Lavrov added that Russia will not sacrifice its “national interest,” but is ready to “engage constructively” with the US, according to the foreign ministry's Facebook page. They also said that trying to pressure Russia with sanctions is useless and will not solve the crisis.
It is Christmas break and I'm immobile. I am in immense pain because of a flare-up of an old back injury. This sounds slightly worse than it is, only because I'm completely addicted to the SolForge demo. The eye-popping graphics are crystal clear. Game play is smooth. The strategy is deep. I know, I said my dirty word: strategy. The thing with me and Magic is that I have fun playing Angels. Just Angels. I want the most amount of Angel power in my deck possible while remaining… somewhat competitive. We might not win regularly (I miss you Baneslayer Angel), but when we are victorious, the little girl inside of me that loves rainbows, cupcakes and Lisa Frank rejoices. I'm not a spike. It's just for funsies. That's me.
Something about SolForge is different. Something about SolForge makes me want to send my dragon right at your face, and once he's demolished you, do a 360 and head directly to your village for some more fun. SolForge seems simple at first. You may play any two cards every turn. Your creature battles the other player's creature in the same lane. You are dealt five new cards every turn. Easy. Except that it's not. As I was confined to my bed for several days, playing game after game, I did something “funsies” never do: I went full-on tilt.
@Revisedangel @mtgmedina I think it's easier to win with the “zombie” deck (the one with Echowisps, etc) — Joey Pasco, Knight of Autumn (@AffinityForBlue) December 22, 2012
The rough part about this tilt was that I couldn't call @Justin_DZ to vent and get advice because they don't have an iPad and hasn't played yet. I couldn't read through the latest “strategy guides” or just tell @realevilgenius to make me a damn deck. I had to put on my big girl pants and figure it out. After a quick pouty session on Twitter, I decided to take the sage advice offered to me from @jasonlreedy and started playing the Alloyin/Tempys faction deck like it deserves. At some point, SolForge will be released and brilliant writer/gamers everywhere will produce tons of advanced content. Until then, you are stuck with me. I hoped you might spend the next few weeks with me as we walk through a game playing the Alloyin faction. Let me introduce you to a game of SolFoge and we can learn to play together.
Round One: The Opening
I am Player One and have drawn the Alloyin/Tempys faction pre-constructed deck. The AI, Player Two, is playing the Uterra/Nekrium faction deck, has the opening move (you may only play one card if you play first) and plays a level one Zombie Infantry (click them a few times to level up!):
The Uterra/Nekrium deck starts with creatures that are much bigger than Alloyin/Tempys. If you do not keep them in check, their creatures can get so big and gain board control so quickly that you might never recover. We start with 100 life, so feel free to get a little creative with the hits you take, but we definitely don't want to let this guy live.
After the AI plays the Zombie, it passes the turn. Quick note on mechanics: when you play a card it levels up and goes back into your deck. Deciding what cards you want to play at level one to level up to level two for later is just as important as deciding what card we want to play to deal with the Zombie facing us now.
Our opening hand is as follows:
Slot 1:
This is your major removal spell and will be useful at all three levels. It is not as good as the Uterra/Nekrium removal spell Cull but you will need it. I have found it to be most useful in the early levels when the majority of creatures are 4 toughness or lower.
Slot 2:
This dog is where it's at. Not only is leveling from 5/3 to 9/7 pretty decent, but we also get a free lightning spark when we play them at level two. I always try to cast the Hound within the first two rounds and get a leveled up version of them in my deck as soon as possible.
Slot 3:
Mr. Roboto here is probably not where we are going with this turn.  They are pretty underwhelming, having no secondary abilities. Our Hound levels from 5 to 9, plus gives us a free removal spell.  They are fine when you need a chump fattie to throw out and didn't draw a Volcanic Giant, but otherwise we can do better.
Slot 4:
The actual stats on Lightning Elemental seem mediocre at first glance (being level three with a toughness of six means level one creature can still kill you) but Swiftness (read: Haste) is very useful. It can never hurt to level this guy up when given a chance.  They are also a great opener for a quick 4 damage to the face.
Slot 5:
This is a Terminator a Momma can love. With their special ability, they are really a 4/5 that levels to a 9/12 and ends at 15/20–WAY better then Mr. Roboto. You could make a good argument for leveling them over Lightning Wyrm in almost all circumstances, but I think we shouldn't discount the benefit of Swiftness completely.
The Play
After looking over all our options here, I decide that I don't want Player 2 to begin the turn with the Zombie. I cast first my spell: Lightning Wyrm. The Zombie is 6/5 and my Lightning Wyrm is only 4/2, but it has Swiftness. So I get to play it and send its level two into my deck. I hit the “Battle” button and do 4 damage to the Zombie, knocking it to 2. After the “battle” phase has ended, I cast Magma Hound. When the Hound enters the battlefield, their special ability does two free damage to the Zombie, killing (re-killing?) it. Now I have two cards in my deck that are level 2 to my opponent's one.
Round 2: Whoa Ugly
The AI isn't messing around. It plays the best creature in the deck–probably the most powerful card you can play in the Demo, period–Grimgaunt Devourer, and then follows them up with Deepbranch Prowler.
Imagine fighting a hundred Goblins, thinking to yourself, “man, I got some real problems.” Then a Balrog sashays into the room and you realize you didn't know what a real problem was until then. Their 5/3 might not seem that scary, but this baddie gets +1/+1 every time a creature is destroyed. Not just when YOUR creature is destroyed. When ANY creature is destroyed. Many turns will play out with four or five creatures dying at once. You do not want to face this guy when five creatures just buffed them up to 10/8 and you are still casting lvl one babies. When this guy hits the field, smash him. Do not suffer them to live.
Prowler is a scary level 1. We don't have any creatures that can stand toe to toe with him, and of course they have “Breakthrough” (or what the rest of the world calls Trample). If you look at their level ability, they don't get significantly larger.  They are an early threat. Since we are still in the early stages, we will treat them as such.
After casting both creatures (which have summoning sickness), Player 2 hits “Battle” and takes no damage from my Magma Hound because it also has summoning sickness.
We have been dealt five new cards and not one card is the same as what we drew in our opening. I love this feature of the game so much. It requires you to make good choices and gives you choices to make. No mana screw, no mulligans.
Slot 1:
This one is a bruiser.  They are not quite as impressive an opener as a 7/7 Deepbranch, but when they level they eat Deepbranch for lunch.
Slot 2:
 They are called General for a reason. They want to lead your troops. There will be so many times where you have at least three cards you would really like to cast early on for no other reason than to level them up and get the party started. The General should, in almost all cases, win a spot. They give buffs to each adjacent creature and is a very decent defender all by himself.
Slot 3:
I paid zero attention to this guy before @jasonreedy mentioned them to me. When I read it the first time, I wondered why at level 3 I should care about casting level 1 cards. I would be playing level 2 and level 3 cards most of the time, surely? Well, I was wrong. It will be a tough choice when you have two level 2 cards on the field and three level 1s and the level 2s just seem like a no-brainer. Most of the time, this will actually be the case. You will cast the two level 2 cards you were dealt.
However, it is important to never stop finding a way to cast your level 1 spells and keep leveling them up to level 2s, or you will just keep getting dealt the same level 1 cards over and over in long games. It kind of sucks to cast the level 1 Acolyte over the Volcanic Giant, but just eat your veggies and do it. It will help you grow big and strong later.
Slot 4:
Volcanic Giant
Slot 5:
Technosmith takes some brain power. I find the majority of games I lose when I control the Alloyin/Tempys faction is because I misplayed Technosmith. At level 1 they are only a 2/2 which is pretty weak. However, their ability is vital for late game advantage. When you play him, you are gaining the leveling ability over your opponent. They let you pick any card from your hand and send it into your deck leveled up. The tricky part knows how to squeeze them in without losing too much board advantage vs. their big huge baddies. Once they level up, they get so much better at 8/8 and is a must for the race to get your level 3s on the board before your opponent.
The Play:
While I would really prefer to cast Technosmith and level up an extra creature, having Grimgaunt Devourer on the field, now is not the time to show weakness. Their creatures have summoning sickness, so I don't need to worry about anything I cast dying this turn. I decide to cast Alloyin General in the slot directly across from Deepbranch. When I pass the turn to Player 2, my General should live through the fight and, more importantly, they are going to give +2 attack to the poor soul that has to face Grimgaunt Devourer.
The safest choice here would seem to be casting Volcanic Giant vs Grim. With the Generals buff, they would go into the fight a 7/5 and you could feel pretty safe in destroying the Grim. I decided to be a little risky since it is still early. I really want to level that Acolyte. I am just hoping that with the General's help my now 6/6 Acolyte can do the job.
If I seem overly worried about this Grim it is because I am. You should be too.
I hit “Battle” and my Magma Hound, which has no creature blocking it, deals five damage to Player 2's face. I cross my fingers, hold my breathe and pass the turn… (to be continued)
Join us in our next episode to see if we can take the Balrog down and turn our attention toward surviving the middle game. Feel free to post any tips/tricks/thoughts in the comments as we learn this new game together.
@RevisedAngel on Twitter
Heather Dawn Meek on Facebook
RevisedAngel on Tumblr
RevisedAngel on G+
Gupta was caught on wiretaps using their status to share tips, though much of the evidence against them was circumstantial
Former Goldman Sachs director Rajat Gupta has been found guilty of leaking insider secrets to hedge-fund manager Raj Rajaratnam.
The jury in New York took two days to convict Gupta on charges of securities fraud and conspiracy, the latest player to be found guilty in the biggest insider dealing investigation in US history.
Gupta, who was also managing partner of consulting firm McKinsey, faces more than 20 years in jail. They will remain free on bail until sentencing on October 18.
The 63-year-old was once one of the US's leading business figures. The prosecution accused Gupta of using their privileged status to supply insider tips to Rajaratnam, including information from Goldman Sachs.
In one incident Gupta called Rajaratnam a minute after taking part in a conference call with their Goldman Sachs colleagues at which the bank's boss, Lloyd Blankfein, announced billionaire investor Warren Buffett planned to invest $5bn in it.
Galleon, Rajaratnam's hedge fund, bought $43m of Goldman stock in the final three minutes of the trading day and made nearly $1m on the trade. Blankfein was called to testify in the case.
Gupta was also accused of leaking information about Procter & Gamble, where they were also a director.
The Indian-born executive, who served on the boards of the Rockefeller Foundation and the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, is the biggest conviction since Rajaratnam in a case that has sparked arrests from Wall Street to Silicon Valley.
So far 66 cases have been brought against people involved in the insider dealing associated with Galleon, once a $7bn hedge fund.  They are the 62nd person to be convicted or to have pleaded guilty out of 68 people charged since 2009. So far no-one charged has been found not guilty.
The case brought by Manhattan US attorney Preet Bharara controversially used wiretaps to gather evidence, a technique more usually associated with mafia cases.
Gupta's lawyers had objected to the use of information gathered in wiretaps, but district judge Jed Rakoff ruled that prosecutors could play three tapes for jurors.
In calls Rajaratnam boasted to colleagues that they had heard "something good" about Goldman from a Goldman director. In another they told an employee: "I heard yesterday from somebody who's on the board of Goldman Sachs that they are gonna lose $2 per share. The street has them making $2.50."
Much of the evidence brought against Gupta was circumstantial, and legal experts said they were surprised at the speed of the jury's verdict.
John Coffee, Adolf A Berle professor of law at Columbia law school, said: "Even in the Rajaratnam case where there was more of a 'smoking gun' the jury took 12 days," they said.
Coffee said Gupta's legal team had mounted an "impressive" defence against a case that they said many prosecutors would have been reluctant to bring.
The prosecution never accused Gupta of personally trading on inside information but argued they benefited from their stake in Voyager, an investment firm they set up with Rajaratnam which invested in Galleon funds. The defense argued that there was no evidence that Gupta profited, or traded on, any alleged tip and said Gupta had considered suing Rajaratnam over Voyager, which failed.
Rajaratnam was caught on dozens of wiretaps discussing inside information and trades they had made, but the evidence against Gupta was far less compelling. The prosecution offered only one substantive conversation between the two men, and Rajaratnam did not trade on the information prosecutors alleged was shared.
The jury appears to have been convinced by the pattern of Gupta's behavior. Prosecutors argued that they called Rajaratnam time and again after learning of developments at companies where they served as a director.
"This is an significant win for Preet Bharar. A lot of other attorneys would not have been as gutsy," they said. "It is pretty clear evidence that juries will convict on circumstantial evidence."
Fox News' Chris Wallace grilled one of President Donald Trump's attorneys Sunday concerning the credibility of the administration's repeated denials of collusion with the Russians during the 2016 presidential election.
After months of repeated denials from senior aides and the president himself, emails surfaced this week showing Donald Trump Jr. was made aware of Russian activities supporting their father's campaign and met with a Kremlin-aligned lawyer hawking damaging secrets about former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.
“Do you now acknowledge that all of those denials are at the very least suspect?” Wallace asked Jay Sekulow, the Trump lawyer.
WATCH:
Sekulow, amidst a testy back-and-forth argued the investigation was in large part premised upon the release of confidential information through a leak to The New York Times facilitated by former FBI Director James Comey.
“[T]he entire premise upon which this entire investigation has been based was based on illegally leaked information, including conversation with the president, the president of the United States,” Sekulow said. “And today, it's announced that James Comey has signed a book deal where he's going to discuss all this.”
Follow Kevin on Twitter
Send tips to kevin@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Laurie Oakes asks Treasurer Joe Hockey if it was appropriate to dance to the tune of 'This Is The Best Day Of My Life' in their Canberra office while the budget was being delivered. Courtesy Channel Nine
PRIME Minister Tony Abbott has defended Treasurer Joe Hockey after their pre-Budget dance routine almost outshone their divisive Budget.
Doing the morning media rounds today, Mr Abbott described their deep respect for Mr Hockey and their Budget, which has “divided Australia”, according to Greens Deputy Leader Adam Bandt.
Abbott said this morning: “He has shown so much character and resolution. This is by far the best budget since 1996. In just this one budget, what Joe Hockey has shown is that they are a worthy successor to Peter Costello, who was a great treasurer.”
Last night's Budget announcement may have been bad news for the elderly, disabled and pensioners, but for Mr Hockey it was the best day of their life.
Literally.
The Treasurer was forced to defend themselves to press gallery stalwart Laurie Oakes last night after they questioned the Treasurer's decision to dance to the tune Best Day of My Life before delivering the toughest Federal Budget in 18 years.
A dumbfounded Mr Hockey seemed to stumble on Oakes' opening question, which queried why they were dancing in their office before their big speech.
“Dancing?” a perplexed Hockey asked.
“I think it was more about our little boy was there, I hadn't seen them for three weeks,” Mr Hockey responded.
Mr Hockey has since revealed the song is their eight-year-old son Xavier's favourite song.
MORE: WHAT DOES THE BUDGET MEAN TO YOU?
MORE: HOCKEY'S WIFE SPLASHES ON BUDGET OUTFIT
Earlier today, Shadow Minister for Finance and former Immigration Minister Tony Burke posted a revised version of the interview, poking fun at Hockey's ironic choice of song.
This morning on The Today Show, Mr Hockey attacked their critics for what they thought was an innocent moment with their son Xavier, describing the criticism as “vicious innuendo”.
But a quick thinking Oakes fired back at the Treasurer, responding, “But Symbolism matters. The unemployed, the sick, the welfare recipients hit by the budget, they're not going to be dancing are they?”
“No Laurie, they're not,” Mr Hockey conceded.
“It won't be the best day of their life.
“But it is the best day for Australia, because we are actually getting on with the job of building a stronger nation, that's what we're focused on, building a stronger nation. It's hugely important.”
A look at the lyrics of the song, by the American Authors, reveals some interesting insights into the Treasurer's taste in music.
I had a dream so big and loud,
I jumped so high I touched the clouds ...
We danced with monsters through the night,
I'm never gonna look back ...
I'm never gonna give it up, no,
Please don't wake me now,
This is gonna be the best day of my life.
But unfortunately for the Australian public, it was anything but the best Budget, with cuts to health and education, along with tax hikes for pensioners, fee rises for students and a range of welfare cuts.
“The days of borrow and spend must come to an end,” Mr Hockey said during their speech.
“We are a nation of lifters, not leaners. Unless we fix the Budget together, we will leave the next generation a legacy of debt, not opportunity.”
Social media users were quick to react to revelations of the Treasurer's slick dance moves.
.
.
The Soundtrack of Writing, by author Penny White
Like any good movie, a good book requires the proper background music. Writing with a soundtrack can help boost creativity and productivity.
What type of book are you writing?
.
Murder mystery
Science Fiction
Western
Romance
Each of these categories has appropriate background music. Think of the last Science Fiction or Romance movie you watched. What type of music was in the background? Was it dramatic? Was it light-hearted? Did it enhance your movie-going experience? Whether you paid attention to the music or not, some of it probably stayed with you. For that reason, using background music while writing will make a book stay with a reader.
.
Choose the Music for Your Writing
It stands to reason that Country Music may be best suited for writing a Western novel. But don't rule out listening to Garth Brooks or Trisha Yearwood for Romance. Likewise, consider Classical for Science Fiction or a Murder Mystery.
Some of the music of Phillip Glass is well-suited for stories of vampires, ghosts or the darker side of human nature. Many of their instrumentals are short and concise but have a deep sense of foreboding.
.
The Book Chooses the Music
There are times when music fits perfectly with whatever you're working on. For instance, for a recently completed Trilogy, all I heard was Pat Benatar.
.
Invincible accompanied my protagonist as they rode their black steed, Galindore, to rescue their daughter
Le Bel Age was background for every sword fight
All Fired Up was instrumental in helping my protagonist face their worst fears
.
The strength and the wherewithal in the Benatar tunes helped to draw out the strength in my characters. My protagonist in the Trilogy lacked self-confidence in the first installment. By the final book, they were very comfortable with themselves being the Queen of a Realm.
.
Song Lyric Interference
Afraid that song lyrics may interfere with your writing? Give Classical compositions a try. Many movies utilize Classical music to set the tone. Those Classical pieces serve just as well when writing. A number of Classical pieces are available for free download at http://www.amazon.com/ . The music of Mozart, Beethoven, Bach, et al, are timeless pieces and capable of evoking a myriad of emotions and visualizations.
.
It's About the Reader, Too
Using music to set the tone for writing doesn't just benefit the writer. It also serves to enhance the reading experience. Like music enhances a movie, the music you hear in your head while writing will enhance every aspect of your writing. It will attune you to dialogue, character development, emotions and descriptions. The stronger and more realistic the visualization, the better you will write it.
.
The reader will not be able to hear what you hear. They or they may have an altogether different soundtrack in mind while reading. Or no soundtrack at all. Regardless of what the reader hears or doesn't hear, use your favorite tunes to create. The important thing is that you use the music to reach your best writing potential.
.
Any tool a writer can use to enhance them or their writing is invaluable. Create a Playlist that will enhance your writing experience. It is sure to flow over into the reading experience as well.
.
Pen's Bio
Pen has written and published six novels in the science fiction/fantasy/adventure genre in the past three years, with more to come. They have also published a number of non-fiction titles as well. Pen still lives in the Atlanta area where they are staff to two felines.
Pen suffered a heart attack on June 18th of 2013 upon completion of the Sword of Tilk Trilogy. Surviving this experience has motivated them to plan a 600-mile walk from Atlanta to Washington, DC in 2014 as a celebration of life and to gather background information for a novel in progress.
Nintendo's next gaming system could lack region-locking, allowing owners to buy and play games from any country, according to new reports. Let's Play Video Games cites sources with knowledge of the console, known only as NX for now, who say that early development kits can run software from any region.
Must Read Everything we know about Nintendo NX
That would be a major if small change from Nintendo's earlier home consoles. Wii U, Wii, GameCube and beyond can only play games from their region of origin, meaning American gamers have had to miss out on games like Captain Rainbow, Disaster: Day of Crisis and Doshin the Giant. These and other Nintendo-published titles skipped the U.S. but had Japanese and European launches. If the NX system can run any region's titles, it would allow fans to import exclusive games that skipped their home countries.
Prior to Nintendo 3DS, Nintendo's handhelds have traditionally been region-free as well. (That means imported copies of Mother 3 and Freshly-Picked Tingle's Rosy Rupee Land are playable on any compatible hardware.) The NX is rumored to be a portable system, and Let's Play Video Games' latest report says the dockable hardware could be slightly thicker than a Nintendo 3DS XL. (That's with its expected detachable controllers attached.) Still, Nintendo hasn't called it a successor to the 3DS — or Wii U, for that matter.
That's because we still know next to nothing about what the codename NX system actually is. Despite rumors and reports piling on on a regular basis, Nintendo has not confirmed any details about its next gaming system. Everything we know about NX, beyond its existence, March 2017 launch window and handful of titles, is speculative or unconfirmed. We hope to know more later this fall.
Hosting Pushpa Kamal Dahal “Prachanda” for the first time in their second stint as the Prime Minister of Nepal, India Friday asked the visiting leader to implement their country's Constitution by accommodating aspirations of all sections. Top sources in the government told The Indian Express that this was India's most important message during the bilateral conversation when Prime Minister Narendra Modi met Prachanda. This was especially significant after Prachanda's predecessor K P Sharma Oli's resistance to take the Madhesis and the Janjatis on board, according to the sources.
Advertising
Prachanda, who appears more receptive to India's concerns, has given positive signals during their “restricted” as well as “delegation-level” talks, the sources added.
Keen not to repeat their “past mistakes”, Prachanda is learnt to have recalled a saying by former Nepal PM Girija Prasad Koirala: “When one loses one's way in a jungle, one should start retracing one's steps backwards.” This is learnt to have broken the ice between Modi and Prachanda as they sat down for a conversation.
After their talks in Hyderabad House, Modi said, with Prachanda listening in, “I am confident that under your leadership Nepal will be successful in implementing the Constitution through inclusive dialogue accommodating aspirations of all sections of the diverse society.”
While the Prime Minister was direct about New Delhi's expectation from their Nepal counterpart, Prachanda said their government is making sincere efforts in taking every section of society on board while implementing provisions of the Constitution. “I shared with Modiji that promulgation of the Constitution last year by the popularly elected Constituent Assembly was a historic achievement for people of Nepal. You are aware that my government has made serious efforts to bring everyone on board as we enter the phase of implementation,” they said.
Almost as a quid pro quo — without saying so — Modi conveyed India's readiness to help Nepal in its development. “I conveyed to Prachanda that India stands ready and prepared to strengthen the development partnership with Nepal and we will do so as per priorities of people and (the) government of Nepal,” they said.
Modi's “extensive and productive dialogue” with Prachanda was characterised as “very cordial” and “very positive” by Foreign Secretary S Jaishankar. The essence of their conversation was “what we can do together”, Jaishankar added.
In this context, the two sides signed three agreements, including one on India extending $750 million for post-earthquake reconstruction in Nepal. The two countries also decided to continue cooperation in areas of defence and security. This reiteration of the continued cooperation is extremely important for New Delhi, as the neighbours share a porous border and Nepal has traditionally been used as the transit for counterfeit Indian currency and terror activities.
“Our security interests are interlinked,” Modi said. “Securing our societies is essential for achieving shared objectives of development and growth…. As immediate neighbours and close friendly nations, peace, stability and economic prosperity (‘shanti, sthirta aur samrudhi') of Nepal is our shared objective.”
Advertising
Prachanda said their country has nothing but “goodwill” for India and that destinies of the two countries are “interlinked”.
Article Gallery
The Kriss Vector is an American Personal Defense Weapon. It is unlocked at Rank 100 or can be purchased with credits (CR).
Contents show]
History
The KRISS Vector SMG is the parent design of a series of weapons designed in 2006, prototyped in 2009 and officially entered production in 2010. It was developed and manufactured by KRISS USA, formerly Transformational Defence Industries (TDI).[1] Currently, no major armed forces are known to use the Kriss Vector, although there are pictures that suggest members of the Thai Special Forces may use the Vector.
Design
The Vector's action, the unique KRISS Super V System (KSVS), allows the Vector to have both an extremely high fire rate and low recoil, while still being extremely light. This is achieved by having the bolt and a weight block travel downward instead of traveling back towards the shoulder.[​2]​​ The Vector is a delayed blowback weapon.
The Vector sports tactical rails which allows the attachment of multiple weapon accessories to meet the needs of each individual user. While the weapon does not have side rails attached, slots are provided to allow the user to attach them if needed. The stock is collapsible and adjustable which make it easy to transport and comfortable while using. While the safety and fire selector are ambidextrous, the magazine and bolt release are not.
Only the Kriss Vector SMG is manufactured with the selective trigger group (safe, semi, 2-round-burst, fully automatic) and is sold exclusively to military and law enforcement forces. It is available in 9×19mm Parabellum and .45 ACP. All other variants are semi-automatic. Civilian versions are chambered in 10mm Auto, .357 SIG, 9×21mm, .40S&W as well as 9×19mm Parabellum and .45 ACP. The Kriss Vector is compatible with Glock magazines in corresponding cartridges.
The model seen in-game, is chambered in .45 ACP.
In-Game
General Information
The Kriss Vector has an extremely fast rate of fire (RoF) of 1200 RPM, the highest in-class and one of the fastest in-game, that is only beaten by the M231, the AN-94's two-round burst, the Sawed Off's and the Stevens DB's instant burst, and the TEC-9. The Vector also has very high damage at short range, requiring only a three-shot-kill (3SK), like the AUG A3 Para or MP5/10. However, the 3SK range lasts for a very short distance, roughly 24 studs excluding headshots. At about 80 studs, it requires five body shots-to-kill (STK) or four headshots in total. Combined with the high damage, the time-to-kill (TTK) of the Vector is quite low.
Its magazine size is smaller than most PDWs, only having a 25+1 capacity. Given the high RoF, the weapon's ammunition consumption rate is quite high and reloads become quite frequent, particularly empty reloads due to the nature of the Vector. A tactical reload is fairly quick at 2.3 seconds, but the empty reload takes a full second longer, which will provide problems in a close quarters environment. Like a few other weapons in-game, the iron sights, while decent in real life, are quite obstructive in-game. The default sights appear to be the same as those on the L115A3, Beowulf TCR and the AWS.
Recoil is fairly mild, being on par with the MP7. When firing in full-auto without attachments, the recoil is noticeable, mainly at longer ranges. But at a closer range, the recoil is not as much of a factor, and with user input it is quite easy to control. Recoil per shot is quite low. The Vector is unique for a PDW in that it has a two-round burst mode, similar to that of the AN-94, which allows for more accurate and controlled shooting past close range.
Usage & Tactics
The Vector is not geared towards going head to head against opponents at medium to long range. It's best to engage enemies in close quarters, where the extremely short TTK provides a major advantage over most other weapons. The Vector can also be used in ambushing unsuspecting opponents from behind. However, despite its very quick TTK, shotguns will outgun the Vector in most scenarios, assuming the minimum of a 1SK for shotguns.
Firing in short bursts, or tap firing helps conserve ammunition while retaining the Vector's low TTK. Only clicking for a moment in full auto will still expel multiple rounds due to the Vector's high RoF. When reloading the Vector, it is best to find cover in order to reload in a safe position. Given how fast the Vector runs dry, it is recommended to be ready to switch to a secondary when the magazine does run dry, due to how easy it is to waste ammunition on a single enemy.
The two-round burst mode offers a more controllable and accurate alternative to tap-firing and reduces the ammunition consumption rate. This two-round burst enhances the Vector's performance at mid-range, making it more viable. If the burst mode is used correctly, it can extend the effective range of the Vector with practice.
For attachments, mounting an optic can increase effectiveness at mid-range. A grip of the player's choice can also be beneficial. For example, the Stubby Grip will reduce the amount of ADS recoils, helping with aimed accuracy. On the other end, the Vertical Grip will benefit exclusive close range combat and hipfiring.
Barrel attachments are not necessary, as the recoil is relatively low. Depending on which one the player uses, a suppressor can be viable like the default suppressor, which preserves the 5SK done at a distance, or the ARS Suppressor which keeps the gun dangerous in close quarters, keeping the ability to 3SK.
The Vector does have the ability to attach an Osprey Suppressor which can be used instead of the ARS or PBS-1 Suppressor because of its similar performance and higher velocity.
Conclusion
The Kriss Vector is a weapon oriented for close-quarters-combat (CQC), similar to the Colt SMG 635, but with a smaller magazine capacity, higher RoF, less recoil and slightly more damage. It dominates at close range, but at longer ranges, the short damage drop off and small magazine size make the Vector harder to use beyond CQC unless the user knows how to effectively utilize the Vector's more-accurate two-round burst.
Pros & Cons
Pros:
Extremely high RoF.
Very low minimum TTK in close quarters, only beaten by MAC-10 and UMP-45 in its class.
Short tactical reload time.
Good maximum damage, 3SK at close range.
High ammunition reserve.
Mild vertical recoil.
Cons:
Low magazine capacity for a PDW of 25(+1) rounds.
High ammunition consumption rate.
Low muzzle velocity.
Obstructive iron sights.
Very short range.
Long empty reload time.
Low minimum damage.
High rank unlock.
Moderate horizontal recoil.
Trivia
The Kriss Vector was added to the Phantom Forces Community Testing Environment and test place before its release on the main game.
The Kriss Vector is the second primary weapon added into the game that is chambered in .45 ACP.
The Kriss Vector's charging handle slides completely backward when being cocked. However, in real life, it instead pivots to the side at a 90-degree angle and only slightly slides backward.
The Vector took the title of "Last PDW unlocked in-game" from the AUG A3 Para, which is unlocked at rank 80. This title has now been taken over by the MP40, unlocked at Rank 108. In the test place, the PPK-12 is over both of these, at rank 112.
The kill-feed notification and pick-up text shows the name "VECTOR" instead of "KRISS VECTOR". This was fixed in the CTE.
The Vector in-game seems to be that of the Gen. 1 version from the looks of the trigger, stock, and BUIS (backup iron sights). The Gen. 2 version has a more conventional-looking trigger, a stock similar to the M4, and different BUIS.
The Vector is the only PDW with a two-round burst, but the second weapon in-game overall to have a two-round burst, the first being the AN-94.
In older versions, placing an ACOG Scope, Folding Grip, Compensator, and a Green Laser would make the sight accuracy bar go off the chart.
The Vector has the same iron sights as the L115A3, Beowulf TCR and the AWS.
In one of the development places, the Vector was given a 10 round mag, 20-15 damage model and an insanely fast reload.
The Kriss Vector is the only PDW in-game that doesn't have numbers in its name.
The Super V recoil compensation system would remove a good chunk of the recoil, but this is not present due to balance in all likelyhood.
Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al-Bahgdadi was seriously injured in a recent airstrike, several Iraqi news outlets reported on Sunday.
The Iraqi television station al-Hura cited a security source saying Baghdadi and other senior members of the terror group were injured two days ago in an airstrike in Iraq. They were reportedly transferred to Syria for treatment.
The Iraqi air force reportedly carried out the airstrike that injured Baghdadi after receiving information from the Iraqi Falcon Intelligence Cell of theirs whereabouts.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
The security source also said Baghdadi had been living in an underground bunker and was targeted while meeting with the jihadi group's leadership.
Shortly after terrorist fighters swept across swathes of Iraq in June 2014, Baghdadi appeared at the Great Mosque of Al-Nuri to proclaim a “state” straddling Syria and Iraq in front of thousands of Muslim faithful.
The video of the appearance in Mosul — which showed a man with a black and grey beard wearing a black robe and matching turban — is the only one IS has released of Baghdadi to date.
“It is rather remarkable that the leader of the most image-conscious terrorist group is so low-key in terms of their own publicity,” said Patrick Skinner, an analyst with the Soufan Group intelligence consultancy.
Baghdadi has been reported wounded in airstrikes multiple times, but the claims have never been verified, and their apparent survival has added to their mystique.
In mid-December, the United States more than doubled the bounty on the shadowy IS leader's head to $25 million.
An Iraqi intelligence report indicates that Baghdadi has a PhD in Islamic studies and was a professor at Tikrit University.
Baghdadi apparently joined the insurgency that erupted after the 2003 US-led invasion of Iraq, at one point spending time in an American military prison in the country's south.
AFP contributed to this report.
ISIS reopens its recruiting center in Deir Ezzor for volunteers who want to join in its fight; their pledge of allegiance to the group is uncalled-for
ISIS has latterly reopened its recruiting center in Deir Ezzor, which was shut down for months, to recruit volunteers for military services amid a manpower shortage in its ranks as a result of taking casualties on manifold fronts in Syria recently.
Around 80 men from the village of Jedid Akidat, east rural Deir Ezzor, recently volunteered and were immediately deployed to the fronts in Shaddadi, Hasakah province. ISIS regards their pledge of allegiance to it as nonessential.
Months ago, civilians in rural Deir Ezzor were concerned about imposing compulsory military services in ISIS-held areas of Deir Ezzor, the fear of being forcibly recruited by the group has caused many civilians to flee from Deir Ezzor to Turkey.
It is worth to note that ISIS has recently suffered heavy casualties on the front against SDF in Shadddi, Hasakah province, with the U.S.-led air strikes killing around 130 ISIS members in and around the town.
There have also been rumours of the Wellington Phoenix relocating games to the capital, but the Football Federation Australia has delayed expansion for at least the next two years. News of the secret bid comes almost a decade after the "A-League4Canberra" bid, which raised $5 million for a licence but was overlooked by the FFA. Details remain scarce and the consortium is yet to go public with their plans but they have been working behind the scenes to gather information. "I'm aware that there's a consortium out there that's putting together a submission and the paperwork to put in a bid," Brown said on ABC Grandstand. "I don't know a lot more about it than that. They've contacted me a couple of times to give them some background around the footprint, the size of football in Canberra."
While Brown said they have been in touch with the faces behind the consortium, they claimed "I don't know the people myself". "I would suggest they are local but other than one brief conversation and some correspondence providing some background on the footprint, we haven't been involved in anything," Brown said. Brown said an A-League bid in the capital would "absolutely not" be bankrolled by Capital Football, maintaining their priorities lie in grassroots football and the local senior competitions. The Mariners are keen to forge a relationship with Capital Football and the ACT government despite just 10,000 people watching their two A-League games in Canberra this season. Mariners chief executive Shaun Mielekamp will meet with Brown and Capital Football chairperson Mark O'Neill to discuss the club's future in the region.
Capital Football has been working to expand its participation area, with the Riverina Rhinos joining the premier league this year to boost the catchment zone. There are already more than 31,000 soccer participants in Canberra, but the FFA has said it would not expand into areas with a population of less than one million. Ivan Slavich, the man who headed up the ill-fated A-League4Canberra bid, says Capital Football's backing is the only thing that could make a bid sustainable.  They are contacted regularly by people wanting to launch new bids but sees their involvement as "a waste of time" if the financial backing isn't already there. Slavich admitted partnering with an existing club is probably Canberra's best hope for an A-League presence.
But the Mariners' future in Canberra is clouded, with the government hesitant to lock in a deal to ensure their return to the capital. The presence of an A-League team would bolster the case for a new sporting venue in Canberra given the plans appear doomed without winter and summer events. Barr said there was "no way" the government would give a new stadium the green light if the ACT Brumbies were cut from Super Rugby. They then threw another spanner in the works, saying Canberra would need an NRL, Super Rugby and A-League team before signing off on the project. But a secret bid could breathe life into the stadium debate with some people holding out hope of a Canberra franchise in the A-League.
The suspect charged in the murder of a Los Feliz gas station attendant is also suspected, along with an alleged accomplice, in the next day's killing of a Mar Vista marijuana dispensary owner, according to authorities.
Both crimes happened during robberies, police allege. The suspects might have been on a crime spree that went beyond the two murders, according to Los Angeles Police Department Detective Scott Masterson. "We have other indicators that possibly there are other crimes out there," they say.
The suspect in the Los Feliz killing, 25-year-old Kayshon Moody, was already in custody when cops decided to book them for the Mar Vista allegations, the detective said. The second suspect in the Jan. 18 Mar Vista homicide was identified by cops as 21-year-old James Eastland, who was taken into custody Jan. 26.
Six and a half years ago, a video appeared on YouTube with this description: “This is a video of Riker trying to sell something; I'm not sure what exactly.”
What followed was a grainy, camcorder-aimed-at-a-television recording of Jonathan Frakes pitching some sort of computer management software to a hapless IT technician, panicking about losing control of an airline ticket reservation system.
In the years that followed, a few other copies of this video have appeared online – but now, TrekCore has a direct-from-the-source copy of Boole & Babbage's “The Vision”, pulled right from the original VHS tape distributed to clients back in 1993.
We've always been curious about this production, and have acquired a number of pieces from this campaign (much of which is seen below) – but we really wanted the inside story about how this whole marketing campaign came together.
After a bit of searching, we were able to track down Pat Letsos – a senior marketing director at Boole & Babbage during the time this video was produced – and they took the time to speak with us about how this commercial came to be, how Jonathan Frakes got nabbed for the role, and the big question everybody asks: how much did this thing cost!?
TrekCore: What was your job at Boole & Babbage at the time the Star Trek: The Next Generation campaign was produced? What was your role in the campaign?
Pat Letsos: My position at Boole & Babbage was as the Senior Marketing Communications Director reporting to Saverio Merlo – Executive Vice President of Worldwide Marketing – who handled final negotiations with the Paramount folks and Jonathan Frakes' agents.
Our marketing group handled internal and external communications, as well as product marketing. I highlight this because the Boole & Babbage Star Trek campaign was as much an internal campaign as an external campaign. We needed to make sure everyone knew we were voyaging into the next generation!
My role in the campaign was multifaceted, from working hand-in-hand with our advertising agency and our internal team to exploit the use of the Star Trek property to ensuring we were complying with the licensing agreements and meeting trademark requirements. Going on the road with the campaign to greet customers and escorting Jonathan Frakes was, of course, the best part of it.
A two-page spread published in several prominent technology magazines.
TrekCore: How was it decided to license The Next Generation to market Boole & Babbage's services?
Letsos: Boole & Babbage, founded in 1967, was a pioneer or “the old lady” in the software industry. The company had made millions ensuring commercial data centers powered with those behemoth IBM mainframes kept on humming and business operations kept cha-chinging. Fast forward to the 1990's and the computing environment – or “enterprise” as it had come to be known – was a sprawling conglomeration of disparate machines and devices from multiple vendors.
There were ever-increasing complexities to keep applications running 24/7 in the Internet Age and sweeping challenges to manage, automate and secure information across the computing environment. Boole & Babbage needed a dramatic way to reach its customer base (which our advertising agency statistically profiled as fitting the Star Trek fan base) and communicate that it had gone where no one else had dared to go! It had a solution and new message to get out to its customers.
The company needed a creative, engaging way to generate buzz and to dress up its image. At the time of the campaign, the company had a unique market opportunity in helping Fortune 500 companies manage the computing enterprise with its Command Post solution. Just like the bridge on the USS Enterprise, the B&B solution provided data center managers with single point-of-control. Star Trek: The Next Generation was a natural fit for our product message, and so much fun for everyone – talk about a way to shed the stodgy old lady image!
The whole company got behind the campaign, even those outside U.S. markets.
Left: A letter sent to B&B clients with the full media kit (video and print material). Right: A Boole & Babbage Trek-branded mouse pad.
TrekCore: What was the process to get approval to film on the Star Trek sets, and to use Trek imagery and characters? We imagine that it wasn't an easy process, since you were creating a for-profit advertisement using Paramount's property.
Letsos: We were fortunate – our timing was good. I believe we were the first technology-based company to approach Paramount Studios, which was to our benefit. We took a minimalist approach with the licensing group.
Prior to Boole & Babbage, Paramount had primarily been licensing the Trek brand to providers of trinkets and t-shirts. Since working with a technology business-to-business brand had not been done before, this created a bit of a challenge and we ended up negotiating non-exclusive rights for our campaign. We gave the licensing people at Paramount a clear and detailed plan of how we would use the Star Trek property – the number of advertisements, brochures, trade shows, etc. – and negotiated the ability to contract with Next Generation actors.
Negotiations to get Jonathan Frakes on board as our spokesperson were separate; when all the contracts were completed, they were reviewed by company attorneys – and the rest is history.
TrekCore: There was a lot of print material made up to go with the campaign, including two fairly unique posters – did the Paramount marketing department create them (as the ‘blueprint' one especially features a lot of specific graphic work), or was that done by your team?
Letsos: Our advertising agency created the print side of the campaign. I think that the blueprint poster, however, may have been a licensed poster which we were able to adapt with our logo and headline. These posters were extremely popular with our employees as well as our customers.
Two ‘Next Generation' posters – measuring 24″ x 36″ – exclusive to the campaign.
TrekCore: Once everything was locked down with Paramount, “The Vision” – the six-minute promotional video with Jonathan Frakes – was filmed on the Enterprise bridge set during the show's sixth season. What was that production like?
Letsos: It was definitely fun being on the set and seeing the bridge and the captain's chair. We had the good fortune to tape the video at just the right time – we knew the set would be torn down after the end of the show, so we used the opportunity to get permission to use the bridge in “The Vision”.
The shoot was a closed set, so there we didn't see any of the other cast, but there were plenty of other fully-costumed characters at the studio cafeteria.
TrekCore: Here's the big question – what was the cost of production and licensing? We've read unsourced quotes of something like a $75,000-per-year licensing fee, but we don't know how accurate that is.
Letsos: I believe our licensing fee with Paramount for was more like $90,000, with an option for annual renewal – something we renewed for for three years. The license also included the ability to use characters like Will Riker under the terms of the agreement. This was such a great fit for Boole & Babbage, and we really felt like we got the deal at a bargain price.
Boole & Babbage's “The Vision” on VHS, autographed by Jonathan Frakes.
Taking on the Next Generation campaign sharpened our marketing strategy and shifted focus to this corporate campaign. We didn't increase our marketing communications budget overall, but shifted tactics to cut out some product spotlight advertising and regional trade shows.
While the Paramount license included the rights to use Commander Riker, it didn't include Jonathan Frakes' participation – the ‘celebrity spokesperson' contract with the actor was a separate agreement.
TrekCore: Was the plan always to have one of the show's cast included in the video and in the larger campaign?
Letsos: Absolutely. We negotiated to include cast as part of the overall agreement with Paramount. This campaign was about touch points, and it was important for us to reach out as closely and broadly as we could with our customer base to get our message out.
Frakes has a close encounter in this two-page magazine advertisement.
Our customers went wild with this campaign and meeting Commander Riker in person.The only time Frakes appeared in character was in the video; at other engagements, they were featured as a personality, which helped us keep costs manageable.
TrekCore: We've got a copy of some of the marketing material sent out to B&B customers, which includes several interviews with Frakes. A lot of the “quotes” are very campaign-focused, like:
“Just as the Bridge centralizes the functions necessary to control the USS Enterprise, Boole's products centralize data processing information to allow centralized control of today's complex information systems.”
Did your marketing team have a hand in crafting those responses, or was it all from Frakes and theirs representatives?
Letsos: Yes, we wrote and their people approved; that's pretty much the industry standard. However, I will say that Frakes was great to work with, and the more they met our customers at tradeshows and saw our products, the more comfortable they were with what they were touting.
A fold-out trade show poster, with several “quotes” from Jonathan Frakes.
TrekCore: So was Jonathan Frakes the first choice, or had you attempted to get one of the other actors involved first?
Letsos: Commander Riker was always our Number One! And Frakes was always so gracious with our customers; he'd take the time to sign autographs, accommodate photo requests, and answer fan questions.
TrekCore: Tell us a little more about the trade show appearances. We understand the B&B team wore Starfleet uniforms on the floor in keeping with the Trek theme; were they supplied by Paramount or did you have to go costume shopping?
Letsos: No, we didn't have to go shopping! We got the licensed uniform patterns from The Next Generation and had them made – though we blended the two uniform styles together, so some of the staff wore the early-season jumpsuits and others wore the later-season jackets.
Those communicator pins were worn were the real licensed Paramount products, and were highly sought after when we gave away them at limited customer events.
Jonathan Frakes – with their arm around Pat Letsos – stands with the trade show team.
The first trade show in Reno was our most impactful, because that's when customers first learned we had hooked up with Star Trek – other vendors were upset because everybody left their booths to come to ours when our team showed up on the floor with Jonathan Frakes in tow!
As far as we know, the story behind this campaign has never been published to this degree – and we want to thank Pat Letsos for working with us to fill in this especially unique gap in Star Trek history.
Image of Ben Harper and Charlie Musselwhite new album.
One Year After McDowell Mountain Music Festival Blew The Lid Off Of Margaret T. Hance Park, The Festival Prepares For Round Two In Downtown Phoenix By Releasing A Lineup That Is Solid, Balanced And Not Based On Name Recognition Alone
By Jeff Moses
Modern Times Magazine
Dec. 18, 2013 — Could it be more than a coincidence that Phoenix's home grown Bonnaroo, McDowell Mountain Music Festival, released its lineup three days after the Phoenix metro witnessed the birth of its very own Coachella?
Probably, but the coincidence serves to remind how far the region's festival representation has come in a few years.
It is highly doubtful that the two events are related. But regardless of whether MMMF was influenced by the maiden voyage of True Music Festival, the groans that have popped up throughout the Phoenix metro concerning the lineup is unwarranted.
While some in the Phoenix music community are dissatisfied with the 2014 roster, their dissatisfaction seems to be based on an aberration of last year's triumph. In 2013, the line-up featured headliners The Roots, The Shins, and Umphrey's McGee and the mid-card featured Les Claypool, Yonder Mountain String Band, Edward Sharpe and The Magnetic Zeros and a few other high profile acts. It was a one-year explosion of big name talent.
In 2012, the festival had Ozomatli, Galactic, Anders Osborne, Trevor Hall, and the Dark Star Orchestra among the acts that acted as their main draw. But that was when the fest was still held in the parking lot of The Compound restaurant. Perhaps the 2013 boom in talent was a direct result of the festival's move Margaret T. Hance Park in downtown Phoenix.
But quite honestly, the line up for 2014 is not looking all that bad for a mid-level jam band festival. First and foremost there are three amazing headliners playing from March 28 through March 30 in Sound Tribe Sector 9, The Disco Biscuits, and Ben Harper and Charlie Musselwhite.
STS9 are a five piece instrumental post-rock group that besides being capable of five-hour, late-night sets at Bonnaroo, have also headlined festivals such as Summer Camp Music Festival, and All Good Music Festival, as well as making appearances at approximately two dozen others. Their groovy electronic sound is only rivaled by their out of this world laser show. Both of which rank up there with 2013 headliner Umphrey's McGee.
Pennsylvania's The Disco Biscuits are a four-piece jam outfit that puts on such a good show that they started their own festival, Camp Bisco. Held since 1999, Camp Bisco has become a premier jam and electronic festival, and for their 2013 outing they were able to attract Bassnectar, Umphrey's McGee, and Passion Pit among other national-level talent. The Disco Biscuits headlined, of course.
Ben Harper and Charlie Musselwhite are an awesome pairing, too. Harper is more famous for the younger audience but they should know about Charlie Musselwhite, a multi instrumentalist known for their blues harmonica. Even though their combined names lack the mass appeal of The Roots, The Shins, and Umphrey's McGee, their musical pedigree is right on par with that of any festival headliner. Harper is a jam-band festival regular, while Musselwhite is a member of the Blues Hall of Fame. The pair's 2013 album
Get Up
was even played in the White House for Barry and Shelly.
As for the rest of the lineup, Friday's mid card looks downright amazing with Pretty Lights protege Gramatik, jam band Lettuce, and locals Sara Robinson and The Midnight Special and decker. All will be playing the mainstage. The local stage lineup has yet to be announced, but day one has a great mix of national and local level talent.
Saturday's midcard might actually be even bigger than Friday's with festival vets Slightly Stoopid taking the stage just before The Disco Biscuits. Just for comparison, last year Iration played that same spot. The last time Iration came through Phoenix they played the Marquee Theater while Slightly Stoopid played Mesa Amphitheater.
Also appearing Saturday will be a reunited Dispatch. For some perspective on them, they once headlined the largest independent concert ever when 166,000 people came from all over the world to Boston to catch Dispatch's farewell show. Luckily for us int they Phoenix metro, it was not a permanent farewell.
The last two national acts on Saturday's slate are Allen Stone and Nicki Bluhm and the Gramblers. Stone played 2013's Bonnaroo Music Festival, and Bluhm has guest performed with Chris Robinson, Bob Weir, Phil Lesh, and Warren Haynes among others. If they are good enough for those jam band experts they are good enough for McDowell Mountain Music Festival. Jared and The Mill will be the only local on the main stage on Saturday.
On the midcard for Sunday, MMMF has recruited country singer Dwight Yoakam. While Yoakam's music may not be the hip new thing they are still a Bonnaroo veteran who Johnny Cash once called their favorite country singer. They were also good in Sling Blade. Also playing Sunday will be jam-band festival veteran, G. Love.
Donna The Buffalo is another jam-style band that employs a variety of sounds to come up with something very pleasant. They are also founders of the Fingerlakes Grassroots Festival of Music and dance which has attracted notable headliners such as Michael Franti and Spearhead, Los Lobos, The Avett Brothers, Toots and the Maytals, and 10,000 Maniacs among many others.
The last national act the West Water Outlaws are just a straight forward rock and roll act, and joining them on the main stage will be Flagstaff based The Wiley One who played last years local stage.
McDowell Mountain Music Festival website -
So perhaps McDowell Mountain Music Festival does not have a lineup full of band with hits that are currently charting, but that is because it is not an event that is supposed to fulfill that role. Last year was an explosion of mainstream talent that welcomd the festival into downtown Phoenix, but even last year's line up had its share of jam-band staples like the JGB Band, or The Heartless Bastards. But this year has definitely taken it back to MMMF's jammy roots.
MMMF is still king.
Jeff Moses a senior contributor at Modern Times Magazine. They can be reached at
by Mihal Celovski
A few months ago we started to work with the Android platform, which was something completely new for us. Although Android applications are developed in Java, the approach is somehow different. The architecture of Android applications and way of execution differ from the standard Java applications. Quality is one of key factors in our Agile Software Factory and when I say that I think of reliable, well-tested applications. Thanks to Android testing API and test framework called Robotium there is more than enough tools for testing.
Since we are using Eclipse, content of this post will be limited to that IDE. This post is intended to be a brief description of Android app testing and I hope it will serve well for beginners. My next post will be about Robotium.
1. Create test project.
Tests, like Android applications, are organized into projects. To set up a test environment for your Android application, you must first create a separate project that holds the test code. For example, imagine that we have Android project called MyAndroidApplication. To be able to test it you have to create new Android project, called, for example, MyAndroidApplicationTest. New project follows the directory structure used for any Android application.
These are the steps to create new Android test project in Eclipse:
go to: File -> New -> Other -> Android -> Android Test Project – new dialog opens
give project a name
choose location for your new project
choose API level (Android platform your application runs on)
give your application a name
choose package name
choose main activity name (optional)
specify minimal API level your application will require
You can do all this steps automatically if you choose in new Android test project dialog an existing Android project (field “An existing Android project”). Then all things like: project name, location, API level, package name etc., will be set automatically and the result directory and package structure will be like this:
The interesting thing here is that if you want to test plain-old java code you should make new source folder in your application project and place tests there, not in android test project.
2. Write your test
Android testing framework
Android has a built-in testing framework that includes a subset of JUnit. All of its test-case classes are directly or indirectly derived from JUnit's TestCase and extended to use in Android specific way. If you're already familiar with JUnit, it's not that difficult to use the Android Testing Framework. The basic architecture is shown on picture .
InstrumentationTestRunner is the test case runner, and you must use it to run JUnit tests.
Instrumentation is a set of control methods in the Android system. It controls an Android component independently of its normal lifecycle. Instrumentation invokes lifecycle methods directly.
Test case classes
The most commonly used test case classes are:
TestCase – plain old JUnit test case. It can be extended to test different things that are not related strictly to Android like utility classes.
AndroidTestCase is used when we need injected context of activity, for example to get UI objects and test their behavior, or to test data access objects. It extends JUnit's TestCase. If you run this test case on emulator nothing will happen.
ActivityInstrumentationTestCase2 is the version of older ActivityInstrumentationTestCase that is deprecated in Android SDK 1.5. It provides UI and functional testing for a single activity. Since the activity is launched for each test, you can see how the UI is being tested in the emulator. The activity being tested is launched and finished before and after each test.
ActivityUnitTestCase test case class tests a single activity in isolation. Before you start the activity, you can inject a mock Context or Application, or both. You use it to run activity tests in isolation, and to do unit testing of methods that do not interact with Android.
ApplicationTestCase provides testing for Application classes. It can be used to test the lifecycle of an application.
The MonkeyRunner and UI/Application Exerciser Monkey are tools called from command line. The first one is using for test programs written in Python, the second one is used for functional testing by sending pseudo-random streams of keystrokes, touches, gestures to a device.
Example:
We want to test if MyAndroidActivity displays TextView with predefined resource string.
public class MyAndroidActivityTest extends ActivityInstrumentationTestCase2 { private MyAndroidActivity mActivity ; // the activity under test private TextView mView ; // the activity's TextView (the only view) private String resourceString ; public MyAndroidActivityTest ( ) { super ( "com.example" , MyAndroidActivity. class ) ; } @Override protected void setUp ( ) throws Exception { super . setUp ( ) ; mActivity = this . getActivity ( ) ; mView = ( TextView ) mActivity. findViewById ( com. example . R . id . textView ) ; resourceString = mActivity. getString ( com. example . R . string . hello ) ; } /** * Test if activity has TextView with predefined id displayed. */ public void testPreconditions ( ) { assertNotNull ( mView ) ; } /** * Test if activity's TextView displays text from resource. */ public void testText ( ) { assertEquals ( resourceString, ( String ) mView. getText ( ) ) ; } } public class MyAndroidActivityTest extends ActivityInstrumentationTestCase2 { private MyAndroidActivity mActivity; // the activity under test private TextView mView; // the activity's TextView (the only view) private String resourceString; public MyAndroidActivityTest() { super("com.example", MyAndroidActivity.class); } @Override protected void setUp() throws Exception { super.setUp(); mActivity = this.getActivity(); mView = (TextView) mActivity.findViewById(com.example.R.id.textView); resourceString = mActivity.getString(com.example.R.string.hello); } /** * Test if activity has TextView with predefined id displayed. */ public void testPreconditions() { assertNotNull(mView); } /** * Test if activity's TextView displays text from resource. */ public void testText() { assertEquals(resourceString,(String)mView.getText()); } }
3. Run tests in Eclipse
To run a test in Eclipse, you have two choices: Run a test just as you run an application, by selecting Run As… > Android JUnitTest, or to create an Eclipse run configuration for your test project. You must either attach a device to your computer or use the Android emulator to run test. If you use the emulator, you must have an Android Virtual Device (AVD) that uses the same target as the test package.
Important thing to say is that, if it is possible, it is better to run tests on actual device. The Android Emulator with Android Virtual Devices configured for the hardware, screens, and versions you want to test is also good option but in situations when we need to test camera emulator is not sufficient.
WHAT TO TEST?
This is good question because it is as important as to know how to test. The most unit testing is specific to the Android component you are testing: activity testing, content provider testing, service testing etc.
If you test activity the most common things to test are: input validation and response to invalid input, lifecycle events, runtime configuration changes: change of default language, screen orientation, screen size and resolution.
The usually tested things for content providers are: standard provider interactions, business logic, public provider as contract.
Android services have the lifecycle like activities. One way to indicate if service lifecycle methods were successful is to set some global variable just for testing purpose.
The most common runtime situations you want to test are:
Change in orientation: what should happen when screen orientation is changed?
Change in configuration: change in configuration also triggers the default behavior of destroying and then restarting the foreground Activity.
Battery life: you should test do your application minimize battery usage.
Dependence on external resources: network access, SMS, Bluetooth, or GPS. You should test what happens when the resource or resources are not available.
CONCLUSION
Since we are relatively short time in Android application development, we have not experienced all good and bad aspects of testing. Certainly we can agree with that it is better to test the application on a physical device rather than on an emulator because the emulator has a limited capacity.
The great thing is possibility to handle Android projects and tests with project management tools like Maven and use it with CI tools like Jenkins. There is one nice blog about Android-Maven-Jenkins integration.
If you'd like to e-mail your sketches, airbrush drawings, watercolors or whatever of scenes or characters from Simmons' stories and novels to this Gallery, we'll post them here. You retain all copyright to your material. Attach drawings to an e-mail and click here to submit your artwork. (note: the art email address has been restored. It was temporarily disabled due to spam overload.)
ART
Contributors' Gallery
Artwork by François BARANGER,
Left, an ILIUM illustration. Dan had this comment about the artwork:
“Man, that's a cool illustration.” Right, a new version of Shrike. Artwork by François BARANGER, www.francois-baranger.com Left, an ILIUM illustration. Dan had this comment about the artwork:“Man, that's a cool illustration.” Right, a new version of Shrike. Dan comments, "Most images of the Shrike are cool, cold, dark, metallic or chitinous -- this is a wonderfully 'hot' Shrike and I love seeing the multi-faceted 'fly's eyes' that I mentioned so often in prose descriptions." See more of Martina Pilcerova's art at www.martina.sk
This is a drawing I did last year, but never got around to sending, of Mahnmut and Orphu (done in Photoshop 6 and Corel Painter). Thanks,
Jamie MacDonald This is a drawing I did last year, but never got around to sending, of Mahnmut and Orphu (done in Photoshop 6 and Corel Painter). Thanks,Jamie MacDonald My drawing relates to Mahnmut and Orphu's journey with the LGM in the novel Ilium. It's called ‘Feluccas in Valles Marineris'. Thanks! Olivier Leboissetier
This montage depicts the setting for the prologue to Hyperion, specifically the scene as described in the first paragraph. (View Large Photo)
Thanks Mr. Simmons for an inspiring and exceptionally vivid work of fiction.
Chris Mancuso
"Here's a sketch I did of the Shrike when I read HYPERION a few years back- hope you like it! Dan's work is very visual, there's a lot for an artist to glom on to! You can see more of my work at www.chaztruog.com. " ^top | more from the Contributor's Gallery >
Citing a study from anti-piracy service Irdeto, Hollywood Reporter claims that episodes of Game of Thrones were illegally downloaded 7 million times in a three month period this year. Pirates love dragons, obviously.
Those numbers are up from last year, when the show was downloaded 8 million times in twelve months, according to Torrent Freak. In the same report from Irdeto, the company said that Game of Thrones came out far ahead of its popularly pirated rivals, which were “The Walking Dead (5.7 million downloads), Breaking Bad (3.8 million), Vikings (3.4 million) and House of Cards (2.7 million).”
Advertisement
It makes sense that these shows are the most pirated — all of them require at least basic cable or a Netflix subscription. Plus, we all know that pirates love to watch zombies, sword fights and sociopathic politicians.
[BoingBoing]
Contact the author at annalee@gizmodo.com.
Public PGP key
PGP fingerprint: CA58 326B 1ACB 133B 0D15 5BCE 3FC6 9123 B2AA 1E1A
Israel's parliament banned nude photos and sexually explicit films posted online without the subject's consent Monday, making it the first country to ban “revenge porn”.
The bill was introduced by Knesset member Yifat Kariv, after a video posted to WhatsApp of a man having sex with their ex came to their attention, according to Haaretz.
“We are witnessing more and more cases of sexual assaults that were filmed and distributed in public without restraint and without limits; this legislative intervention is necessary and will help fight the shocking phenomenon of ‘virtual rape,'” said Kariv.
Although Israel is the first country to ban non-consensual sexual material outright, some U.S. lawmakers are attempting to pass similar legislation. In October, California made it a misdemeanor to post nude pictures of someone else online without permission with the intent to cause emotional distress or humiliation. Another proposed bill outlawing “revenge porn” was rejected in Florida due to First Amendment issues.
Israeli offenders could face five years in jail as a result of the legislation.
[Haaretz]
Nov 11, 2016; Columbus, OH, USA; USA defender Omar Gonzalez (3) and midfielder Christian Pulisic (10) fist bump each other before a corner kick during the second half of the match against Mexico at MAPFRE Stadium. Mexico beats the USA 2-1. Mandatory Credit: Trevor Ruszkowski-USA TODAY Sports
USMNT centerback and former LA Galaxy defender Omar Gonzalez adds to their already impressive trophy case with a CONCACAF Champions League trophy.
Omar Gonzalez becomes the third American soccer player to win the CONCACAF Champions League Wednesday night with a 2-1 aggregate win over Tigres. Gonzalez follows suit of Ventura Alvarado, who won it back to back in 2015 and 2016 with Club America, and Jose Torres who also won it with Pachuca back in 2010.
This doesn't just give a fourth Champions League trophy, but it also gives Gonzalez their 11th trophy in their soccer career:
USYSA (2005-06): Dallas Texans
NCAA (2008): University of Maryland
MLS Supporters' Shield (2010-11): LA Galaxy
MLS Cup (2011-12, 2014): LA Galaxy
Gold Cup (2013): USA
Liga MX (Clausura 2016): Pachuca
Concacaf Champions League (2017): Pachuca
Most of those trophies came from their time in the MLS with the LA Galaxy. During that time they won two Supporters' Shields, three MLS Cups as well as the Gold Cup with the US Men's National Team.
Gonzalez' time with Pachuca has been a success so far. Last season they won Liga MX in 2016 after signing with the side the December before. Their press conference was, to say the least, unique. They arrived dressed as Darth Vader from Star Wars and took off their helmet and was presented with the number 30. You can watch the press conference from a year ago here:
Pachuca sits eighth in Liga MX, eight points behind a hotly contended first place spot, help by Club Tijuana currently.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The BBC's Christian Fraser reports from the Czech Republic, where the waters are rising at 15cm an hour
Cities in southern and eastern Germany are on high alert as heavy floodwaters swell rivers including the Elbe.
In Halle, an appeal has gone out to residents to help reinforce flood defences while Dresden is preparing for water levels 5m higher than normal.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has promised 100m euros (£78m; $130m) in emergency aid for flood-hit areas.
Meanwhile, river levels in Prague have begun to fall, say the Czech authorities, as floodwaters move north.
Analysis In the industrial city of Usti nad Labem there's nothing more to do but wait. The houses along the riverbank have already been evacuated. New metal flood barriers were hurriedly erected on Monday. They have sandbagged the most vulnerable areas - though it's more in hope than in any real anticipation their efforts will hold back the waters. The Elbe has been rising since Monday lunchtime and the decision to open the flood dams on the Vltava River overnight will have implications. The authorities in Usti nad Labem expect the water to rise several metres higher through the day. This morning roads that we used to get into the city centre are now completely underwater and impassable. Further downstream the village of Hrensko which sits in a valley on the River Elbe has been completely evacuated. Tens of thousands of people in the Czech Republic are now sitting it out in shelters. On Monday the authorities were confident they had avoided a repeat of the worst flooding in 2002. Now they are not so sure. It is still raining here and the hillsides are saturated.
Overnight, flood barriers on the River Vltava in the south of the country were raised, releasing a torrent of water.
However, Prague's flood defences appear to have held, and the risk of severe flooding in the city centre seems to be receding, says the BBC's correspondent there, Rob Cameron.
Water levels rise
The city of Regensburg has declared a state of emergency, while in the state of Saxony - which includes Dresden - officials were warning of higher water levels than during the record floods of 2002.
The bodies of two people, a man and a woman, were found separately around the southern town of Guenzburg. At least seven people have died in the Czech Republic and two in Austria after days of heavy rain.
Hungary has also declared a state of emergency. Floodwaters on the Danube are expected to peak there on Thursday.
Germany has drafted in the army to help with flood defences.
In the Bavarian town of Passau, floodwaters reached a level not seen since the 16th Century, but have now begun to recede.
Chancellor Angela Merkel visited the worst affected regions on Tuesday, flying over Bavaria, Saxony and Thuringia by helicopter.
They promised 100m euros in immediate aid, of which 50m euros will go to Bavaria.
Politicians know that natural disasters before elections can become political disasters at elections Germany's three-river city feels wrath of flood
In the Czech Republic, a nationwide state of emergency is still in force. Water levels are expected to peak in the north later on Tuesday.
Around 3,000 people have been forced to leave their homes across the west of the country.
As a precaution, Prague's metro system and central sewage treatment plant were closed, metal flood defences were erected and sandbags built up along the banks of the Vltava.
The Charles Bridge - normally packed with tourists - was shut and tigers at the city's zoo were tranquilised and moved out of an enclosure thought to be at risk.
A system of nine dams called the Vltava Cascade was found to be dangerously full, and the floodgates were opened at 20:00 local time (18:00 GMT) on Monday night.
Image caption This image shows the impact of flooding on the Czech village of Stare Ouhoulice Image copyright Google, AP Image caption Aerial view of the swollen Vltava river, which swamped the village of Mirejovice, north of Prague Image copyright Reuters Image caption The German army is helping to clear up the mess left behind as floodwaters recede from Passau Image copyright AFP Image caption The city of Dresden, which was badly damaged by flooding in 2002, has reinforced its defences as water levels on the River Elbe rise Image copyright AP Image caption The River Vltava has burst its banks in the area around Melnik, 40km (25 miles) north of Prague Image copyright Reuters Image caption The River Danube is also carrying floodwaters: the village of Marbach, 90km west of Vienna, has been partially submerged previous slide next slide
North of Prague, further downstream, the River Elbe is rising to levels approaching those seen in 2002, the last time Europe experienced similar floods.
Seventeen people were killed in the Czech Republic in August 2002 and the cost of the damage across the continent was estimated at 20bn euros (£17bn).
Main roads in many areas of central Europe have been closed and rail services cut. Thousands of homes are without power.
In Austria, the meteorological service said two months of rain had fallen in just two days.
Floods across Central Europe
Austria Two people have died and several are missing in the west of the country
Two people have died and several are missing in the west of the country Germany Two people are dead and evacuations have taken place in Saxony, while more rain is forecast in Bavaria
Two people are dead and evacuations have taken place in Saxony, while more rain is forecast in Bavaria Czech Republic Seven people have died and Prague is on high alert. Troops have been called in to erect flood defences
One man was found dead near Salzburg and another in the western state of Vorarlberg. Three people remain missing.
More than 300 people were moved from their homes in Salzburg and the neighbouring Tyrol as the army worked with the civil authorities to clear landslides and make roads passable. Parts of the Pinzgau region have been declared a disaster zone.
'Extremely dramatic'
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The BBC's Stephen Evans talks to a rescue worker in Passau, Germany
In Germany, the army said it had sent 1,760 soldiers to southern and eastern areas to help local authorities reinforce flood defences.
Towns and cities in Saxony, Thuringia and Baden-Wuerttemberg have also been inundated.
We are getting bad news from Germany and Austria. We have to do all we can to protect... the capital [Bratislava] Robert Fico, Slovakian Prime Minister
Shipping was halted on parts of the Danube and Rhine rivers in Germany, and the entire length of the Danube in Austria. The rivers are used heavily to transport commodities such as grain and coal.
The European Union has said it stands ready to help the three countries as they tackle the devastating floods.
Slovakia's Prime Minister Robert Fico also warned that there was a risk of flooding as water moved down the Danube, which flows through Bratislava.
"We are getting bad news from Germany and Austria. We have to do all we can to protect... the capital," they said.
The head of Hungary's National Disaster Authority, Gyorgy Bakondi, said 400 people were working on flood defences in the capital, Budapest, where they said the level of the Danube might reach or even exceed the height seen in 2002.
Back in the day, Eminem apparently turned down $8 million to co-star alongside 50 Cent in a movie where they'd play fictional rival gang members in their Detroit hometown. “It was a film where we were supposed to be playing two guys from different sides of the tracks,” 50 Cent explained to Q magazine (via News.com.au) in an interview that's set to run later this month. “His thing was they didn't like to leave Detroit … So I said, ‘Hey, they want to give you eight million dollars to do it and we don't have to leave Detroit, so you can go home every night!'”
Em wasn't having it, though: “He read the synopsis and was like, ‘It's cool but we should do something like The Warriors,'” referencing the 1979 cult movie about the rivalry between New York City gangs.
50 continued: “‘I said, ‘The Warriors? What the fuck, Em? The Warriors? Did you just hear me say they want to give you eight million dollars and you don't have to leave Detroit?' They didn't give a f**k.”
So it never happened. Probably for the best! Though that money would probably have come in handy about now, since Em got sued back in January for a convenient $8 million over an uncleared sample.
Ethereum crashed from $319 to 10 cents in seconds on one exchange after 'multimillion dollar' trade 9:21 AM ET Thu, 22 June 2017 | 00:44
However, the digital currencies have shown they're still unable to support widespread demand or application.
"People are excited by what they read, but frankly there are not a lot of commercial structures out there that have really scaled," said Jim Pratt, SVP and GM of WEX Virtual Payments. "Inevitably if something can be done faster and cheaper with more transparency, governments and central banks will have to find the best way to regulate and monitor this."
High demand for ethereum this week clogged the network, while GDAX scrambled to manage the fallout from the large "multimillion dollar" sell order and ultimately restored trading.
GDAX's Adam White said the firm is investigating the price drop. "It is important to note that these trades are final in accordance with our GDAX Trading Rules (Section 3.1). Honoring properly executed orders is critical to maintain the integrity of an exchange," they said in the blog post.
"It's part of the infrastructure as we have it right now," said Brian Kelly, a CNBC contributor and founder of Brian Kelly Capital, which runs a digital assets fund. They said if GDAX were to reverse the 10 cent ethereum trades, that would put into question the validity of other trades.
Kelly said their larger digital currency orders are primarily placed over-the-counter, outside an exchange.
The GDAX issues follow other issues in digital currency markets in the last few weeks.
Coinbase owns the GDAX exchange and is a popular way for ordinary investors to purchase digital currencies bitcoin, ethereum and litecoin. Coinbase reported a website outage Wednesday, and "degraded performance" on four days last week, amid a surge in traffic.
Bitfinex, the largest U.S. dollar-based bitcoin exchange, reported distributed denial of service attacks last week, as did another smaller exchange, BTC-e.
Cybersecurity firm Proofpoint told CNBC it has seen an "uptick" in online scams to trick consumers into sharing credentials for their digital currency holdings. "The potential losses are virtually unlimited given that scammers are attempting to gain access to both cryptocurrency wallets and exchanges," Proofpoint's research team said.
Users of another exchange called Poloniex complained on Twitter and a Reddit discussion forum that they could not withdraw funds from the exchange. Poloniex did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
That said, "no one is being forced into these purchases. If there's too much risk for the purchaser they shouldn't be buying," said Stephen Obie, partner at law firm Jones Day and representative for Overstock.com on its use of blockchain. "We're in the very early stages of a technology regulators are trying to get comfortable with."
The New York State Department of Financial Services has begun examinations of virtual currency companies, according to a June 15 release of the department's annual report. Circle, Coinbase and Ripple have received a so-called "BitLicense" as required by 2015 New York State regulation, CoinDesk said.
To be sure, the latest challenges of the cryptocurrency world aren't the worst the industry has seen. Last summer, a "DAO" hack drained more than 3.6 million of ethereum into another network, sending ethereum down more than $7 to $13, according to a CoinDesk report. In 2014, the largest bitcoin exchange at the time, Mt. Gox, filed for bankruptcy and said it lost 750,000 of its users bitcoins and 100,000 of the exchange's own.
Despite the variety of challenges facing individual nations, two-thirds of Europeans are pro-solidarity, according to a survey by the Open Society Foundations. They also believe the economic crisis must be fought with cooperation. In Germany, 70 percent of people said they think regular people in countries like Greece are suffering the effects of the economic and financial crisis through no fault of their own.
The survey polled people in France, Germany, Italy, Spain and Great Britain when the Cyprus crisis was at its apex. Jordi Vaquer, director of the Open Society Initiative for Europe, said they were struck by how people in different countries had shared views.
Vaquer said Europeans share similar views on the economic crisis
"The general trends are not divergent although, for example, in Spain's case the appeal for solidarity is much stronger than in Germany," they said, adding that there was a greater call for solidarity in countries suffering more under the effects of the crisis than countries like Germany and Great Britain. "There's no dichotomy, the percentage is just lower."
German responses were in line with those of other Europeans. The study's main findings were that the current approach to solving the financial crisis is seen as counterproductive, that there is more solidarity in public opinion than in governments' actions, and that there is a strong sense of shared problems across Europe.
Some 67 percent of those polled said that combating economic and social problems should be a concern for all European Union members. Only the British took a different view on this issue, with 64 percent saying that each country should address its own problems.
Remote politicians
Nearly three-fourths of those surveyed said low incomes and rising prices would lead to poverty, and that they were afraid of an increase in unemployment across Europe. They also agreed in seeing younger people as having fewer employment opportunities, and that the situation for the elderly and sick has worsened. Also noted were increased fights and tension among European nations, with 85 percent of people saying that the economic crisis had caused serious and long-term damage to European unity and solidarity.
Politicians are to blame for the damage done, Vaquer said. "The problem is not that Europeans have lost a sense of solidarity, although this sentiment is under stress, rather we sense that the political management of the crisis is not in line with the strong bonds that Europeans still feel."
Some 92 percent of French, German, Spanish, Italians and Britons said politicians in Europe have lost touch with the concerns of the population over the course of the financial crisis.
Move seen as attempt to squeeze Hamas rulers of Gaza Strip as reconciliation efforts continue to fail
The Palestinian Authority will force more than 6,000 employees in the Gaza Strip into early
retirement, it said Tuesday, the latest attempt to squeeze the Hamas-controlled territory.
The PA, based in Judea and Samaria, is dominated by the Fatah faction of chairperson Mahmoud Abbas, a fierce rival of Hamas.
Multiple attempts at reconciliation have failed and Abbas has sought to weaken the Islamists in recent months.
PA spokesperson Tarek Rishmawi said the decision was taken as Hamas was blocking attempts at reconciliation.
They said 6,150 Gaza-based employees of the Palestinian Authority would be affected.
After Hamas seized the territory in a near civil war in 2007, the PA continued to pay its former civil servants regular salaries but earlier this year reduced them.
Analysts say such moves are designed to create animosity towards Hamas in Gaza while slightly easing the PA's financial woes.
Hamas spokesperson Fawzy Barhoum called the forced retirements "immoral and inhumane."
Last month the PA stopped paying Israel for electricity to be delivered to Gaza, leaving the Strip with just two hours of power a day until Egypt offered some fuel as aid.
Inter-Allied Games The start of the Modified Marathon race (16,000 metres) at the Stade Pershing Host city Paris, France Date(s) June 22 to July 6, 1919 Main stadium Stade Pershing Events 24 (20 medal events)
Inter-Allied Games
The athletics competition at the Inter-Allied Games was held at the Stade Pershing from 22 June to 6 July 1919 in Paris, France. The event was open to all military personnel from countries that were among the Allies of World War I.[1]
The athletics competition consisted of 24 men's events, 20 of which counted towards the team scores. The standard international judging rules were applied, with field event results measured in metres, and the winner of the track event being timed by three judges separately. The 10-kilometre cross-country running competition (not a medal event here) covered natural landscapes around the Joinville-le-Pont with a start and finishing point within the stadium. The reduced-distance 16,000 m marathon was organised similarly, except the extra-stadium course were the local streets in the area.[2]
The Americans, headed by team captain and Olympic medallist Richard Byrd and featuring a number of college-level athletes, clearly topped the points table with 92 compared to runner-up France with 12. Points were assigned on a by-event basis of one point for third, two points for second, and three points for first. The gathering marked a key development of the sport of track and field within France, as American personnel and YMCA sports coaches both coached and exhibited the various common American events at that time.[2]
The foremost track athletes at the games were Charley Paddock, who won 100 metres/200 metres sprint double, and Robert Simpson, who completed a similar feat in the hurdles. Frenchman Jean Vermeulen won a long-distance running double by taking the cross country and modified marathon titles, despite having a crippled arm from the war. The 200 metres hurdles event was won by Simpson in a time just one fifth of a second short of the world record at that time, even though the athletes had the disadvantage of one of the hurdles being misplaced by a margin of two metres. The American's winning time of 1:30.8 in the 4×200 metres relay was declared a new world record at the time, but was later discovered to be inferior to a time run at the Penn Relays one month earlier.[2]
An unorthodox addition to the track and field events was the hand grenade throwing competition. This non-point-scoring event consisted of throwing for distance rather than accuracy and the winning distance of 245 feet and 11 inches, set by American military chaplain Fred Thomson, was declared a new world record. Two other non-point-scoring events were reserved for men who had served as part of an Army of Occupation during the war: a long jump contest and a 4×200 metres relay race. In that relay race the Italian team protested the victory, but a subsequent run-off resulted in the same outcome, with France first and Italy second. The hammer throw was absent from the programme, but two Americans—Pat Ryan and William McCormick—gave a demonstration of their speciality event.[2]
Medal summary [ edit ]
Men [ edit ]
Team points standing [ edit ]
Daniel Mason and Early Eby, the top two in the 800 m, at the Stade Pershing
Host nation (France)
Rank Nation Winners Runner-up 3rd-placers Points total 1 United States 18 17 7 92 2 France 1 2 5 12 3 New Zealand 1 0 3 6 4 Australia 0 2 1 5 5 Canada 0 1 2 4 6 Greece 0 0 1 1 Total 17 17 15 49
NB: Cross-country, grenade throwing, and the Army of Occupation events did not count towards the team standings.
References [ edit ]
Medalists
Getty Images
On Friday, receiver DeSean Jackson officially became a former Eagle. Also on Friday, $250,000 officially became a former amount of cash allegedly stolen from them in January.
Coincidentally or otherwise, police dramatically reduced the estimated haul of cash from Jackson's home in January. Initially, reports indicated thieves had stolen $250,000 in cash, $125,000 in jewelry, and two guns.
According to Michael Newall of the Philadelphia Inquirer, only $20,000 was stolen.
“This was a genuine mistake on our part,” police spokesperson John Stanford said. “His mother was giving police what they thought was in the home. [T]hey interviewed Jackson, they know what's in their house, and they said, ‘No, that's wrong.' They told them what was missing.”
But like so many other things associated with Jackson's final weeks with the Eagles, this one doesn't add up. If only $20,000 was stolen from Jackson, why did they offer (according to Jeff McLane of the Inquirer) a $50,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of the perpetrators?
Something doesn't add up. It could be, if the report of the reward was true, that Jackson deliberately lowered the amount stolen from them once they realized that it simply wasn't a good look for them to have so much money in their house — and to then have it stolen.
And if Jackson provided their reduced estimate to police back in January, it doesn't make sense that the reduced estimate remained under wraps until the very day Jackson was cut.All things considered, it's hard not to at least wonder whether the Eagles wanted to keep the notion of Jackson having $250,000 in cash and losing it alive while the team went through the machinations of making Jackson a former member of the team. Then again, nothing stopped Jackson from going public to make it clear that they were robbed of only $20,000.Unless, of course, the truth is that the higher amount was stolen.
Fecal Microbiota Transplant
Fecal Microbiota Transplant (FMT) is a procedure in which fecal matter, or stool, is collected from a tested donor, mixed with a saline or other solution, strained, and placed in a patient, by colonoscopy, endoscopy, sigmoidoscopy, or enema.
The purpose of fecal transplant is to replace good bacteria that has been killed or suppressed, usually by the use of antibiotics, causing bad bacteria, specifically Clostridium difficile, or C. diff., to over-populate the colon. This infection causes a condition called C. diff. colitis, resulting in often debilitating, sometimes fatal diarrhea.
Healing Clostridium difficile Infections (CDI)
C. diff. is a very serious infection, and the incidence is on the rise throughout the world. The CDC reports that approximately 347,000 people in the U.S. alone were diagnosed with this infection in 2012. Of those, at least 14,000 died. Some estimates place that number in the 30,000 to 50,000 range, if the U.S. used the same cause of death reporting methods as most of the rest of the world.
Fecal transplant has also had promising results with many other digestive or auto-immune diseases, including Irritable Bowel Syndrome, Crohn's Disease, and Ulcerative Colitis. It has also been used around the world to treat other conditions, although more research in other areas is needed.
History of FMT
Fecal transplant was first documented in 4th century China, known as “yellow soup”.
It has been used for over 100 years in veterinary medicine, and has been used regularly for decades in many countries as the first line of defense, or treatment of choice, for C. diff. It is customary in many areas of the world for a newborn infant to receive a tiny amount of the mother's stool by mouth, thought to provide immediate population of good bacteria in the baby's colon, thereby jump-starting the baby's immune system.
Fecal transplant has been used in the U.S., sporadically since the 1950′s, without much regulation. It has gained popularity in the U.S. in the past few years, although experts estimate that total number of treatments to date in the U.S. remains below 500 patients.
In late spring of 2013, the FDA announced it was classifying fecal matter as both an Investigational New Drug (IND) and a Biologic, and that only physicians currently in possession of an approved IND application would be allowed to continue performing fecal transplant.
This resulted in less than 20 physicians in the U.S. being allowed to perform fecal transplant. There was a groundswell of opposition from physicians and patients, and on June 17th, 2013, the FDA reversed their position, and announced that qualified physicians could continue to perform FMT for recurrent C. diff. only, with signed consents from patients and tested donor stool.
This has resulted in more and more physicians beginning to perform fecal transplant, but there are still only limited numbers serving the large population needing the treatment. There are also many patients who do not have a donor to assist them.
And there are many patients who have never even heard of this treatment, even though the success rate for treatment of recurrent C. diff. is estimated to be well over 90%.
In all documentation, dating back to 4th century China, there has never been a single , serious side effect reported from fecal transplant.
Highly Effective Treatment
Fecal Transplant is a low-cost, low-risk, highly effective treatment. It is not currently covered by most insurance companies, as it is still classified as an experimental treatment.
The Fecal Transplant Foundation was created to raise awareness of this life saving treatment, to help patients and physicians, and to accomplish the many goals in our Mission Statement.
For more information, please contact us.
This post presents Vapory, a library I wrote to bring POV-Ray's 3D rendering capabilities to Python.
POV-ray is a popular 3D rendering software which produces photo-realistic scenes like this one:
It may not be as good as Cinema4D or Pixar's RenderMan, but POV-Ray is free, open-source, and cross-platform. Rendering is launched from the terminal with povray myscene.pov , where myscene.pov contains the description of a 3D scene:
1 2 3 4 /* LET'S DRAW A PURPLE SPHERE ! */ camera { location <0, 2, -3> look_at <0, 1, 2> } light_source { <2, 4, -3> color <1, 1, 1> } sphere { <0, 1, 2>, 2 texture{ pigment{ color <1, 0, 1> } } }
While POV-Ray has a very nice and sophisticated scene description language, I wanted to use it together with libraries from the Python world, so I wrote Vapory, a library to render POV-Ray scenes directly from Python, like this:
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 # LET'S DRAW A PURPLE SPHERE ! from vapory import * camera = Camera ( 'location' , [ 0 , 2 , - 3 ], 'look_at' , [ 0 , 1 , 2 ] ) light = LightSource ( [ 2 , 4 , - 3 ], 'color' , [ 1 , 1 , 1 ] ) sphere = Sphere ( [ 0 , 1 , 2 ], 2 , Texture ( Pigment ( 'color' , [ 1 , 0 , 1 ] ))) scene = Scene ( camera , objects = [ light , sphere ] ) scene . render ( "purple_sphere.png" , width = 400 , height = 300 )
This script simply generates a scene.pov file (hat tip this script by Simon Burton) and then sends the file to POV-Ray for rendering. Vapory can also pipe the resulting image back to Python, and has a few additional features to make it easy to use in an IPython Notebook.
Example 1: Basic animation with post-processing
We first create a scene where the positions of the objects depend on the time :
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 from vapory import * color = lambda col : Texture ( Pigment ( 'color' , col )) def scene ( t ): """ Returns the scene at time 't' (in seconds) """ return Scene ( Camera ( 'location' , [ 0 , 2 , - 3 ], 'look_at' , [ 1 , 1 , 2 ] ), [ LightSource ( [ 2 , 4 , - 3 ], 'color' , [ 1.5 , 1.5 , 1.5 ] ), Background ( "color" , [ 1 , 1 , 1 ] ), Sphere ( [ 0 , 1 , 2 ] , 2 , color ([ . 8 , 1 , . 2 ])), Box ( [ -. 8 + . 5 * t , - 1.5 , -. 5 ] , [ -. 75 +. 5 * t , 3.5 , 5 ], # <= t color ([ 1 , . 6 , . 5 ]), 'rotate' , [ 0 , 30 , 0 ] ), Sphere ( [ 3 - 2 * t , 1 , 1.1 ] , . 75 , color ([ . 5 , . 5 , . 9 ]))])
Then we animate this scene with MoviePy:
1 2 3 4 5 6 from moviepy.editor import VideoClip def make_frame ( t ): return scene ( t ) . render ( width = 300 , height = 200 , antialiasing = 0.001 ) VideoClip ( make_frame , duration = 4 ) . write_gif ( "anim.gif" , fps = 20 )
Note that one can also make basic animations directly with POV-Ray. But since we use Python we can use its image processing libraries for post-processing. As an example, let us use Scikit-image's sobel filter to obtain a nice geometry animation
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 from skimage.filter import sobel import numpy as np def make_frame ( t ): # We will use "quality=1" so that shadows won't be rendered, # and double the rendering resolution to avoid pixelization. im = scene ( t ) . render ( width = 600 , height = 400 , antialiasing = 0.001 , quality = 1 ) sobelized = np . array ([ sobel ( 1.0 * im [:,:, i ]) for i in [ 0 , 1 , 2 ]]) return np . dstack ( 3 * [ 255 * ( sobelized . max ( axis = 0 ) == 0 )]) clip = VideoClip ( make_frame , duration = 4 ) . resize ( 0.5 ) clip . write_gif ( "anim_sobel.gif" , fps = 20 )
The contours look pretty nice because POV-Ray uses exact formulas to render geometrical objects (contrary to libraries like ITK or OpenGL, which rely on triangular meshes). With a few more lines we can mix the two animations to create a cel-shading effect:
1 2 3 4 5 6 from moviepy.editor import VideoFileClip normal = VideoFileClip ( "anim.gif" ) # The first animation sobelized = VideoFileClip ( "anim_sobel.gif" ) # The second animation # We take the frame-by-frame minimum of the two animations cel_shade = lambda gf , t : np . minimum ( gf ( t ), sobelized . get_frame ( t )) normal . fl ( cel_shade ) . write_gif ( "cel_shaded.gif" )
Example 2: Embedding a video in a 3D scene
Since we are playing around with MoviePy, let's embed an actual movie in a 3D scene:
We start with a basic scene:
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 from vapory import * light = LightSource ([ 10 , 15 , - 20 ], [ 1.3 , 1.3 , 1.3 ]) wall = Plane ([ 0 , 0 , 1 ], 20 , Texture ( Pigment ( 'color' , [ 1 , 1 , 1 ]))) ground = Plane ( [ 0 , 1 , 0 ], 0 , Texture ( Pigment ( 'color' , [ 1 , 1 , 1 ]), Finish ( 'phong' , 0.1 , 'reflection' , 0.4 , 'metallic' , 0.3 ))) sphere1 = Sphere ([ - 4 , 2 , 2 ], 2.0 , Pigment ( 'color' , [ 0 , 0 , 1 ]), Finish ( 'phong' , 0.8 , 'reflection' , 0.5 )) sphere2 = Sphere ([ 4 , 1 , 0 ], 1.0 , Texture ( 'T_Ruby_Glass' ), Interior ( 'ior' , 2 )) scene = Scene ( Camera ( "location" , [ 0 , 5 , - 10 ], "look_at" , [ 1 , 3 , 0 ]), objects = [ ground , wall , sphere1 , sphere2 , light ], included = [ "glass.inc" ] )
To this scene we will add a flat box (our theater screen), and for each frame of the movie we will make a PNG image file that will be used by POV-Ray as the texture of our flat box.
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 from moviepy.video.io.ffmpeg_writer import ffmpeg_write_image def embed_in_scene ( image ): ffmpeg_write_image ( "__temp__.png" , image ) image_ratio = 1.0 * image . shape [ 1 ] / image . shape [ 0 ] screen = Box ([ 0 , 0 , 0 ], [ 1 , 1 , 0 ], Texture ( Pigment ( ImageMap ( 'png' , '"__temp__.png"' , 'once' )), Finish ( 'ambient' , 1.2 ) ), 'scale' , [ 10 , 10 / image_ratio , 1 ], 'rotate' , [ 0 , 20 , 0 ], 'translate' , [ - 3 , 1 , 3 ]) new_scene = scene . add_objects ([ screen ]) return new_scene . render ( width = 800 , height = 480 , antialiasing = 0.001 ) clip = ( VideoFileClip ( "bunny.mp4" ) # File containing the original video . subclip ( 23 , 47 ) # cut between t=23 and 47 seconds . fl_image ( embed_in_scene ) # <= The magic happens . fadein ( 1 ) . fadeout ( 1 ) . audio_fadein ( 1 ) . audio_fadeout ( 1 )) clip . write_videofile ( "bunny2.mp4" , bitrate = '8000k' )
This 25-seconds clip takes 150 minutes to generate (!!!) which may be due to the good resolution settings, numerous light reflexions in the balls and the ground, and the complex texture of the screen.
Example 3: A more complex scene
In this exemple we write “VAPORY” using 240 bricks:
First, we generate an image of the white-on-black text “VAPORY”. Many libraries can do that, here we use ImageMagick through MoviePy:
1 2 3 4 5 from moviepy.editor import TextClip txtclip = TextClip ( "VAPORY" , font = "8BIT-WONDER-Nominal" , kerning = 2 , fontsize = 8 , bg_color = 'black' , color = 'white' ) txt_image = txtclip . get_frame ( 0 )
Here is the result:
We then get the coordinates of the non-black pixels is this image, and use them to place the bricks in the 3D scene, with small random variations around the depth-axis:
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 from vapory import * import numpy as np # Compmute the coordinates of the 241 bricks xx , yy = txt_image [:,:, 0 ] . nonzero ()[:: - 1 ] # the non-black pixels bricks_x = xx - 1.0 * ( xx . max () + xx . min ()) / 2 bricks_y = max ( yy ) - yy + 1 bricks_z = np . random . normal ( 0 , 0.08 , len ( xx )) # Generate / render the scene bricks = [ Box ([ x , y , z ], [ x + 1 , y + 1 , z - 1 ], Texture ( "Sandalwood" )) # The bricks for ( x , y , z ) in zip ( bricks_xx , bricks_yy , bricks_zz )] light = LightSource ([ - 0 , 50 , - 50 ], 'color' , 1 ) camera = Camera ( 'location' , [ 0 , 5 , - 17 ], 'look_at' , [ 0 , 5 , 0 ]) scene = Scene ( camera , [ light , Background ( "White" )] + boxes , included = [ "colors.inc" , "textures.inc" ]) scene . render ( "vapory.png" , width = 1000 , height = 240 , antialiasing = 0.001 )
Example 4: Rendering a Physics simulation
Python as many nice scientific and engineering libraries that could benefit from a photorealistic rendering engine. Here I simulated the cube trajectories with PyODE (a Python binding of the physics engine ODE), and fed the results to Vapory and MoviePy for rendering and animation, all in a hundred lines.
Example 5: The ghost of J.Lawrence Cook
In a previous post I talked about how piano rolls can be scanned and turned into MIDI files (which are some sort of electronic sheet music). Here is a 1997 student project where they used such a MIDI file to animate a 3D piano programatically:
Python has now all the libraries for such a project: we can parse the MIDI file with the package mido, and render the piano keyboard with Vapory. We can convert the MIDI file to an MP3 audio file by calling FluidSynth externally and finally use MoviePy to animate everything and incorporate the audio.
Here is Let's Fall in Love, from a 1933 piano roll arranged by J. Lawrence Cook, and animated with just ~100 lines of code:
Final words
I hope to have shown that Python and POV-Ray can do nice things together, all easy-peasy with Vapory. On the longer term, it would be nice if more recent pieces of software like Blender (which has a huge user community and modern features like GPU acceleration) had proper Python bindings. But apparently this will never happen.
Taoiseach Leo Varadkar said they were "both surprised and disappointed" after Brexit talks on the Northern Ireland border failed to reach a deal today.
Taoiseach Leo Varadkar said they were "both surprised and disappointed" after Brexit talks on the Northern Ireland border failed to reach a deal today.
'I was surprised and disappointed' - Taoiseach on breakdown of potential Brexit border deal
A Brexit deal to solve the 'Irish question' was done until a last minute intervention from the DUP, the Irish Government has confirmed.
Hopes were high that the UK would sign off on commitment to maintain regulatory convergence in a post-Brexit era.
Taoiseach Leo Varadkar has said they were "surprised" by the UK's request for more time after initially being told an agreement had been reached.
Taoiseach Leo Varadkar arrives at Government Buildings in Dublin to attend an emergency cabinet meeting on Brexit. Credit: Laura Hutton/PA Wire
Speaking this evening, Taoiseach Leo Varadkar said they were both "surprised and disappointed" to hear the deal would not be reached.
They have told an evening press briefing in Dublin that "substantial progress" had been made and Ireland was ready to sign off on the deal.
The agreed text between the UK and EU "gave us the assurance we need that even as an unintended consequence there would not be a hard border on the island of Ireland", they said.
However, UK Prime Minister Theresa May was on the verge of formally signing up to the deal but stepped back after a last minute intervention from the DUP.
Tanaiste Simon Coveney . Photo: Gerry Mooney
"It is evident that things broke down during the lunch in the Brussels," Mr Varadkar said.
"I am surprised and disappointed that the British government now appears not to be in a position to conclude what was agreed earlier in the day."
"We did make substantial progress on a number of issues today," Taoiseach Varadkar continued.
"But the most difficult issue is to maintain the agreement that there will not be a hard border on the island of Ireland.
"This has been to the absolute forefront of Ireland's concerns since before the referendum.
"We do not want a border in the Irish Sea any more than we want a border between Newry and Dundalk, and Letterkenny and Derry."
The Taoiseach said it would not be useful to start pointing fingers.
At the same time they noted that the DUP are "just one party in Northern Ireland".
They said the Irish government was representing the attitude taking by the majority of people in the North.
Responding to suggestions from DUP representatives that the Irish government is driven by a republican agenda, Mr Varadkar said there is "no hidden agenda".
"The motivation of the Irish government have always been to try to maintain the status quo on the island of Ireland," they said.
"The majority of people in Northern Ireland voted to Remain. And the vast majority of people in Northern Ireland voted for the Good Friday Agreement."
Mr Varadkar said they know British PM Theresa May "faces many challenges" and is "negotiating in good faith".
"My position and that of the Irish Government is unequivocal and is supported by all parties in Irish Government," the Taoiseach continued.
"It is very much in our interest to go to phase two. We can't do this without a firm guarantee that there will not be a hard border in Ireland.
"Mr Juncker has said that Ireland's position remains Europe's position," they added.
Mr Juncker also spoke this evening, and said work will continue in the days ahead to reach a deal.
“This is not a failure,” they said, adding that Theresa May is a “tough negotiator”.
Talks
Discussions are set to resume later this week, with both Prime Minister Theresa May and European Commission president Jean-Claude Juncker declaring themselves "confident" that a solution can be found in time for a key summit of the European Council on December 14.
Earlier today the Democratic Unionist Party has said it will not accept any Brexit deal that "separates" Northern Ireland from the rest of the UK.
Arlene Foster was speaking at a press conference in Stormont this afternoon in the aftermath of reports Ireland and Britain had reached a deal that will prevent the return of a hard Border between the Republic and Norther Ireland.
Hopes of that deal have now been scuppered for today.
Mr Juncker said the meeting was "friendly and constructive".
They went on: "I have to say that she's a tough negotiator, and not an easy one, and she's defending the point of view of Britain with all the energy we know they have, and this is the same on the side of the European Union.
"Despite our best efforts and significant progress we and our teams have made over the past days on the three main withdrawal issues, it was not possible to reach a complete agreement today.
"We now have a common understanding on most relevant issues, with just two or three open for discussion.
"These will require further consultation, further negotiation and further discussions.
"We stand ready to resume the negotiations with the United Kingdom here in Brussels later this week.
"But I have to say that we were narrowing our positions to a huge extent today, thanks to the British Prime Minister, thanks to the willingness of the European Commission to have a fair deal with Britain.
"I'm still confident that we can reach sufficient progress before the European Council of December 15.
"This is not a failure, this is the start of the very last round. I'm very confident that we will reach an agreement in the course of this week."
Earlier, Tanaiste Simon Coveney said they believed that the post-Brexit border will be "invisible" with "no barriers" and "will look very much like it looks today".
How to maintain a soft Irish border has emerged as the key sticking point to getting agreement from the EU to move on to phase two in Brexit negotiations, but European Council President Donald Tusk said on Monday that progress was "getting closer".
The exact details of the deal remain unclear. However, it is being suggested that under the terms, there would be "full alignment" of regulatory issues.
Regulatory alignment could mean both Ireland and Northern Ireland following the same rules governing trade, to ensure that goods can continue to move freely across a "soft" border with no checks.
Labour Party Leader Brendan Howlin responded to today's talks and said that the obvious solution to the Brexit talks now is for the UK as a whole to "accept the need to remain within the single market and customs union to maintain regulatory alignment".
"The Labour Party has consistently supported the position adopted by the Irish Government on the assurances required by the people of this island from the British Government to ensure Brexit does the minimum possible damage to our hard won political and economic stability," Mr Howlin said.
"We do so in full recognition of the rejection of Brexit by the people of Northern Ireland.
"So I share the disappointment expressed by the Taoiseach on the inability of the British Government to deliver upon the agreed position of this morning.
"I agree too that Ireland does not want to see a hard border between our island and Britain.
"The solution to this problem is obvious and involves the UK as a whole accepting the need to remain within the single market and customs union – a position supported by the political representatives of Wales, Scotland and London today.
"And an issue not determined by the Brexit referendum. This would achieve the regulatory alignment that is needed to avoid a hard border.
"The resiling by the British Government from a position it had agreed now means this process has reached a fundamental crisis.
"I remain hopeful that an agreement can be achieved, but as the Government has said, there has been no hidden agenda from Ireland both before the referendum and since on our objectives which is to secure the future of the Good Friday Agreement and avoid a hard border."
Online Editors
Earlier this month Cyberith revealed that it would finally be launching a Kickstarter campaign for its Virtualizer omnidirectional treadmill for use with virtual reality (VR) videogames on July 23rd 2014. With the company now preparing for that launch tomorrow, a starting price for the device for those that pledge a certain amount of money to the campaign has been revealed. Developers, fans and enthusiasts will be able to effectively pre-order a Virtualizer starting at $599 USD.
The kits on offer here are based on the third generation prototype of the Virtualizer. It has not yet been revealed how much money the company is hoping to raise in total for the campaign, or if there will be any other Kickstarter reward tiers, perhaps for more devices or different versions. A shipping date for those kits is also yet to be confirmed. A new version of the Vitualizer that uses haptic feedback, named the Virtualizer HT, was also announced.
“We feel that the ongoing virtual reality revolution is something that has been caused solely by the enthusiasm of a strong community, so it seemed only fitting to involve them in the process of making the Virtualizer available to a broader audience. We want to give developers and early adopters the chance to experiment with the device as soon as possible. Developers will be able to integrate and test it with their games and give us their feedback, so we can further optimize the Virtualizer,” said Tuncay Cakmak, CEO and founder of Cyberith.
The $599 price tag pits the Virtualizer at $100 more than the other VR input treadmill, the Virtuix Omni, available to pre-order for $499. The price for the latter also includes a pair of shoes for the platform, a TRAVR mini-game and a year's warranty. It's not clear what the Virtualizer might also offer for its price if anything. That said, Cyberith's product allows for crouching where the Omni doesn't.
Look for the campaign's launch at 16:00 UTC/17:00 BST, then. VRFocus will continue to follow Cyberith and the Virtualizer, reporting back with any more updates on the product's development.
Last week, scientist Danielle Meitiv (a consultant to government agencies on climate science) and their husband Alexander (a researcher at the National Institutes of Health, who goes by Sasha) were found responsible for “unsubstantiated child neglect” after letting their 10-year-old son Rafi and 6-year-old daughter Dvora walk home by themselves, during the daytime, on a sidewalk next to a lively main street, from a neighborhood park a mile away from their Maryland home. An unknown someone called 911 after seeing the kids walking without an adult. A squad car swooped up the kids, and four more police vehicles pulled up to the Meitivs' home. When Sasha went upstairs to get ID, as an officer demanded, they were told “shots will be fired!” if they didn't immediately comply or if they did anything suspicious.
Rafi called their mother, crying, saying the police were going to arrest their daddy. (The police had also told Rafi that “there are creeps out there that are just waiting to grab children if they're walking by themselves.”) Two hours later, before Danielle could get home, a representative from the local Child Welfare Service showed up with a temporary plan of action for Sasha to sign. When Sasha said they wanted a lawyer to look at it first, they were told that if they didn't sign instantly, the children would be taken away. They signed.
The “unsubstantiated child neglect” ruling means that Child Welfare will maintain a file on the family for at least five years, and if the parents do anything else that might be deemed a danger to their kids (such as let them walk parentless in the neighborhood again) there could be as-yet-unspecified consequences.
Now, Maryland is a bit of a special case because it's one of only a few states to specify when a child can be left home alone. (In Maryland and North Carolina, that's at age 8; in New Mexico and Oregon, 10; Illinois, 14.) But as Danielle has pointed out, their kids weren't breaking the law as written. The law specifically prohibits leaving children “locked or confined in a dwelling, building, enclosure, or motor vehicle.” Them kids were in a park and on well-trafficked sidewalks in a populated neighborhood. They and their husband have hired a lawyer to fight the ruling—and to fight back against a culture that often seems determined to scare parents and children out of any sense of perspective, competence, or independence.
***
Danielle Meitiv is a lot like me: well-educated, Jewish, a proponent of family dinner and limits on screen time. (She may be a better parent; my kids eat a lot of sugar, unlike hers.) But where I live, New York, doesn't have specific restrictions on letting kids be home alone. New York's Office of Family and Children's Services says, “there are no straightforward answers” to when kids can be left alone because “children develop at their own rate, and with their own special needs and abilities.” Parents should use “reasoned decision-making” about how mature a child is, how ready the child is for responsibility and whether a child knows how to contact emergency help. I think I'm a good judge of my kids' readiness and cluefulness. I used to think I couldn't wind up in the Kafka-esque situation the Meitivs are in. But now I'm not so sure.
Like the Meitivs, I am a proponent of Free-Range Parenting, my friend Lenore Skenazy's name for a philosophy that encourages kids' independence and nondirected play and counters hysteria about risk with facts, statistics, and reason. I let my kids walk by themselves to school (one block for my 10-year-old, 12 blocks for my 13-year-old), the bodega (two blocks) music classes (eight blocks), and Hebrew school (17 blocks). I let them start walking together when Josie was 9; I let Maxie start walking alone at 8. Both girls can take the bus by themselves. Josie has taken the subway solo; Maxie hasn't yet.
Sure, I've often gotten the side-eye from fellow parents, horrified by my laxity. But I'm not lax. I'm not lazy. I want my kids to be self-reliant and confident in their competence and problem-solving abilities.
Yet now I'm afraid to do what I know is right for my family. Not just because of what happened to the Meitivs. Two weeks ago, I got called into the office of my synagogue's education director. They told me that a woman had seen Maxine waiting for the bus after Hebrew school play rehearsal (which ended at 8 p.m.) and gotten upset that Max was too young to take the bus alone. She'd quizzed my daughter on where they were coming from and where they were going. Maxie had pointed to the synagogue a block away. The next day, the woman had called the synagogue and identified themselves as a producer for ABC News (the education director told me he'd Googled them and indeed, they are) and said that the synagogue needed to know that there was a neglectful parent in the congregation.
Thankfully, the education director knows me and backed me up to the TV lady. Maxie had already told me about the incident: The woman had given them $10 to take a cab home, and Maxie had walked home as they often did, so they aren't sure what to do with the money. We put it in the tzedakah box.
Judaism is pretty clear on the fact that fostering children's independence is vital. The Babylonian Talmud tells us we have three obligations when it comes to childrearing: Teach your kid Torah. Teach your kid to earn a living. And teach your kid to swim. Wait, what? “What is the reason?” the Talmud queries rhetorically. “His life may depend on it.” If we take this as metaphor, what this means is that you won't always be there to rescue your kid. So, you need to teach a kid to deal with adversity.
And to be honest, there was some adversity that night. Josie had borrowed Maxie's keys and failed to return them to their backpack, and my mom, who takes Maxie to Hebrew school, had forgotten their own keys to my apartment. So, Maxie went to Hebrew school without their MetroCard, which they keep in their Hebrew tote, which was in the apartment that they and my mom couldn't get into. (I was at Tablet, in case you're wondering.) So, after play rehearsal, while waiting for the bus, Maxie suddenly realized she'd have to walk home. And they were cold and tired and cranky, and they got teary-eyed, and that was when the woman spotted them Maxie bucked up and walked home. It was fine. They were infinitely more upset by their interaction with the woman than they were by walking.
But I don't let them take the bus or walk home from rehearsal anymore. The incident made me so anxious that someone could report me to Child Protective Services that I'm willing to curtail their growth as a competent person. And that sucks.
Because as a culture, we are behaving like paranoid freaks. The United States is safer now than it was when we were kids. According to federal statistics, the U.S. homicide rate declined 49 percent between 1992 and 2011, bringing it back to 1963 levels—a time before most us parents of young children were born. A 2014 study published in the Journal of American Pediatrics looked at the rates of 50 different types of violence and crime between 2003 and 2011; 27 declined significantly. Everyone agrees that violence has plummeted since the 1990s. (Experts don't know exactly why, but theories include the success of domestic violence programs, more widespread use of psychiatric medicines, the decrease in high-school drop-out rates, and the increase in the use of contraception.) Kidnapping by strangers is wildly uncommon; in New York State, for instance, the Division of Criminal Justice Services announced that 20,309 children were reported missing statewide in 2011; exactly one of those children was confirmed abducted by a stranger. Most—94 percent—were runaways, most of them teenagers. When kidnappings do occur, they are almost always committed by family members or friends. And should we talk robberies? Those dropped nationwide by 10 percent in 2010 after dropping 8 percent in 2009. How about child murder? Overwhelmingly (97 percent) likely to be committed by a family member or close friend. As Skenazy points out, statistically speaking it's way more dangerous for a child to be at home than out in the world.
And yet most of us are convinced that the world is a scarier place now than when we were kids. I blame the media; I blame general helicopter parenting; I blame our litigious society. You know who I don't blame? Jewish mothers. The movement to stop overprotecting kids and encourage them to develop grit is being led by Jewish mothers, Danielle Meitiv and Lenore Skenazy among them. They actively contradict the stereotype of the Jewish mother as Rottweiler—one that comes from a very specific time and place in history. It's a post-Holocaust phenomenon, from a time when Jewish mothers had good reason to be clingy. Misogynist and ageist Jewish Mother humor really blossomed in the '50s, '60s, and '70s, when Jews were acculturating, getting wealthier, moving to the suburbs, beginning to intermarry, and feeling embarrassed of their old-country, Yiddish-inflected parents. Young Jewish men were getting more opportunities to tell their stories on a wider pop-cultural stage; stand-up comedy and sitcoms let them work out their Mommy issues publicly.
But if you go look at the longer span of Jewish history, Jewish mothers haven't been clueless, grasping homebodies. They were working mothers, who knew the lingua franca of the various countries they lived in; they were the ones who did business in the big world, letting sons and husbands study. Jewish mothers have always been seen as loving and demanding, but the portrait of blindly selfish hyper-clinginess is relatively new. And when Jewish mothers got to tell their own stories—as Gertrude Berg did for decades in The Goldbergs—the portrayal was far more nuanced.
And ironically, the most “Jewish-Jewish” moms, the Haredi ones, are actually the most free-range. They teach older siblings to essentially rear younger ones; they give kids responsibility and sharp knives and expect them to get from point A to point B without babying. When you have a family the size of a softball team, you can't ferry them hither and yon all day.
Look, it's clear that encouraging kids' executive function (the ability to coordinate complex tasks and meet goals independently) early in life pays great dividends down the road. Studies have shown that fostering independence makes kids happier. A review of 70 studies involving of 200,000 kids found that overprotective parenting was correlated with kids getting bullied. And University of Virginia researchers found that having autonomy made kids feel good about themselves and helped them stand up when someone else was being bullied. And finally, our overscheduled kids simply need time to explore, walk, play. Schools cut gym and recess to do more test prep and to punish misbehaving students; our first lady exhorts kids, “Let's move!” but they have fewer and fewer opportunities to do so, especially when they aren't even allowed to walk to the local playground.
Aristotle (not a Jew or a mother, but a mensch) said, “Virtue requires practice.” If we don't let our kids practice the virtue of independence, they won't have a chance to show us all they're capable of—morally as well as intellectually and physically. We need to listen to Lenore Skenazy and Danielle Meitiv, and we need to let our kids go.
***
Like this article? Sign up for our Daily Digest to get Tablet Magazine's new content in your inbox each morning.
Marjorie Ingall is a columnist for Tablet Magazine, and author of Mamaleh Knows Best: What Jewish Mothers Do to Raise Successful, Creative, Empathetic, Independent Children.
CHICAGO (STMW) — A west suburban man was found shot to death in a vehicle early Sunday in the West Garfield Park neighborhood.
Police responded to a shot fired call in the 4500 block of West Monroe Street about 5:10 a.m., police News Affairs Officer Jose Estrada said.
When officers arrived on scene they found John Serpe, 44, sitting in the driver's seat with a single gunshot wound to the left side of their chest, authorities said.
Serpe, of the 2900 block of Maple Avenue in Downers Grove, was pronounced dead at the scene at 5:15 a.m., according to the Cook County Medical Examiner's office.
No one is in custody as Area North detectives investigate.
(Source: Sun-Times Media Wire © Chicago Sun-Times 2014. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.)
SAN DIEGO (CNS) - Two lanes on eastbound Interstate 8 reopened Friday as crews completed repairs on a sinkhole big enough to swallow a midsize motor home in the southern shoulder of the freeway near San Diego State University.
The crater that measured about 20 feet in width and depth and some 30 feet in length developed for unknown reasons on the roadside west of College Avenue about 10 a.m. Thursday, according to the California Highway Patrol and Caltrans.
The erosion revealed an underground pipe that was part of a landscaping irrigation system until about 10 years ago, but it was unknown if the defunct water line had anything to do with the hole, according to Edward Cartagena of Caltrans.
Three of the five eastbound lanes in the area were initially closed, but the farthest from the sinkhole was opened around midday Thursday. The closures backed up traffic past Interstate 15.
The two eastbound lanes remained closed until about 4 a.m., according to the CHP and Caltrans.
Click here for the latest traffic updates.
UPDATE: Caltrans crews have reopened one of the three lanes closed to investigate the sinkhole. #SDCaltransAlert — Caltrans San Diego (@SDCaltrans) January 21, 2016
UPDATE: The back up on EB I-8 is to west of I-15. Motorists are urged to avoid the area. https://t.co/3zJ3nU4UGl #SDCaltransAlert — Caltrans San Diego (@SDCaltrans) January 21, 2016
Three right lanes of EB I-8 west of College Ave closed due to sinkhole. Expect Long term closure. pic.twitter.com/iMKlZVS8sF — Caltrans San Diego (@SDCaltrans) January 21, 2016
Some of the footage in this video story was shot using a GoPro camera.
The Federal Aviation Administration is finally collecting a trove of confidential safety data from commercial airline operators, but the agency is still “years away” from analyzing the information to predict problems and doesn't even allow its own inspectors to look at the data, according to an internal auditor's report.
As a result, most inspectors and analysts don't use the Aviation Safety Information Analysis and Sharing system, the FAA's inspector general concluded in one of three reports last week looking at safety, air traffic controller training and flight delays.
FAA officials keep delaying their target for being able to use the analysis system to predict and correct safety problems. The latest self-imposed deadline is five years away.
“Field-level inspectors may be missing important safety information applicable to their assigned air carrier,” the investigators wrote in their report about the safety analysis system, on which the government has spent tens of millions of dollars and for which it is requesting $15 million in 2014.
In terms of flights, the inspector general found that the number of delays and cancellations has dropped dramatically since 2000, thanks to airlines scheduling fewer flights, airports improving their own infrastructure and, perhaps most surprising, better all-around weather.
Although scientists warn that climate change could cause traumatic weather patterns, the government audit found improving skies for airlines in the past decade or so, leading to a drop in the number of weather-related flight delays.
Severe weather accounted for 30 percent of all flight delays in 2004, but that dipped to 24 percent in 2008 and 2009 and fell to 16 percent in 2012.
“Relatively favorable weather conditions over the last few years have contributed to the reduced number of delays across most of the country,” the audit said.
On the negative side of the ledger, airlines continue to overbook peak times at the most popular airports, despite the FAA's effort to control the problem, and the government doesn't have a good grasp on other structural reasons for delays, the inspector general said, pointing to more data that should be collected.
“Addressing these data problems would go far in giving key aviation stakeholders and the flying public a fuller understanding of air carrier flight delays and their causes,” the investigators said.
Still, delays have fallen by 33 percent since 2000, when the inspector general issued its first report on delays. The number of cancellations is down 56 percent at major airports.
The best improvement was in “extreme taxi times,” when a plane sits on the runway for at least three hours.
After the Transportation Department started imposing penalties in 2010, the number of extreme delays dropped from 1,630 in 2000 to 30 in 2012 — a 98 percent decrease.
Other major changes include airlines simply adding more time to the projects duration of each flight, which builds in extra room to accommodate problems.
The FAA, in its official response, said it also has improved air traffic control procedures and most other efficiency problems possible for now, and that a major upgrade of the system underway likely will take years.
“Improved causality data and ongoing schedule monitoring are useful for identifying systemic delays, but there will likely be diminishing opportunities for further reducing chronic delays until significant NextGen capacity enhancements begin to come online,” said Brodi Fontenot, assistant secretary for administration at the FAA.
As for the safety system, the FAA acknowledged that its hands are tied to some extent by the confidentiality agreements, but H. Clayton Foushee, director of the FAA's office of audit and evaluation, said the secrecy is needed in order to get airlines to turn over information.
Even with those limitations, the system has helped officials adopt 16 major safety initiatives, Mr. Foushee wrote. They said officials are taking steps to try to get more data out the door.
“Over the next two years, the FAA will implement new initiatives to improve the communication of ASIAS identified risk factors with the inspector workforce. These new initiatives will provide actionable information that will enable FAA inspectors to focus their surveillance activities on higher priority risk areas,” Mr. Foushee wrote.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Alaska elections officials have rejected a request by the state Republican Party to block three incumbent GOP lawmakers from appearing on the party's primary ballot next year.
Josie Bahnke, the state Division of Elections director, wrote to GOP Chair Tuckerman Babcock that the Republicans' request missed a deadline, clashed with a law allowing any registered Republican to run in the Republican primary and was premature since none of the three lawmakers has filed for re-election.
"So, any action by the division would be premature at this time," Bahnke wrote late last week.
The party wrote Bahnke last week to ask them to exclude Republican state Reps. Paul Seaton of Homer, Louise Stutes of Kodiak and Gabrielle LeDoux of Anchorage from the party's primary. That was after party leaders voted to change their rules to allow them to block certain candidates from the GOP primary ballot.
Republican leaders have targeted Seaton, Stutes and LeDoux for defeat after they joined a largely Democratic coalition to take control of the state House last year.
Babcock said in a phone interview that Republicans will likely wait to see if their case is aided by the resolution of a lawsuit filed by the Alaska Democratic Party that seeks to open the Democratic primary to independent candidates.
In the early days of the New Archives, the philosopher and historian Krent Kava wrote that the first sign that Hieron was on its way to recovery was the return of roadways that connect coast to heartland, city center to distant university. "There," they wrote, "Is civilization back again, drawn together by the eternal will of survivors trying to connect, one to another." Some of the roads, they remind us, were highways repaired from the days before, and others were wholly new--as our times require paths that the past did not.
It is noble thought, of course. But we know now that by the time Scholar Kava wrote those words, Hieron's road system had been rebuilt and destroyed dozens of times by fledgling--and eventually, failed--settlements. The truth, friend, is that our roads neither reflect nor protect any civility we've found. They are merely our footprints turned to stone and gravel, waiting to be covered and lost by the coming snow.
This week on Winter in Hieron: An Arrow Let Loose
Perhaps, Arrell, perhaps. But we walk them anyway, don't we?
Hosted by Austin Walker ( @austin_walker
Ali Acampora ( @ali_west ), Art Tebbel ( @atebbel ), Janine Hawkins ( @bleatingheart Featuringand Andrew Lee Swan ( @swandre3000
Ali Acampora ( @ali_west) Produced by
Cover Art by Craig Sheldon (@shoddyrobot)
Episode description by Austin Walker
Music by Jack de Quidt
The search for Lo Lieh's 1976 cult classic, The Big Boss Part II – an unofficial sequel to the 1971 Bruce Lee classic, The Big Boss – may finally be over. Back in 2014, the film had a one-night-only showing at Quentin Tarantino's New Beverly Cinema in Los Angeles, but unless you lived in the area, news of this limited engagement was nothing but a lost opportunity for the rest of world.
But now, The Big Boss Part II, one of the most sought after kung fu titles ever, will be getting an official DVD release next year, at least according to a solid source at the SC36 forum.
In addition to Lo Lieh (Five Fingers of Death), this “lost classic” also stars Bruce Le (Clones of Bruce Lee), Michael Chan Wai Man (The Handcuff), Krung Srivilai (H-Bomb) and Wong Ping (Vengeance!). Interestingly enough, The Big Boss Part II was directed by Chan Chue, who played the surviving manager in the original (the guy who says “No profit in ice, but dope, plenty”).
The Big Boss Part II practically picks up on location in Thailand where original The Big Boss left off. Le takes over the role of Cheng Chiu On (Bruce Lee), who is now in jail for the events portrayed in the first film. Lieh, who plays their brother, is the center character who gets heavily involved involved with another breed of local baddies.
Of course, The Big Boss Part II shouldn't be confused with Dragon Lee's similarly-titled The Big Boss 2, which wasa re-title of Dragon Lee Fights Again, a movie that has no connection with the original. If anything, it was more of a Fist of Fury copycat.
We'll keep you updated as we hear more. For now, we leave you with the trailer for The Big Boss Part II, as well as the film's first 10 minutes, which has been lingering on youtube since 2013. We'll be the first to admit that it looks god awful, which is the very reason we want to see it so bad!
Academy rewarded with new licence under the EPPP
NORWICH City are pleased to confirm that the Club's Academy has retained its Category One status for the next three seasons.The news means that the Club's Under-21, Under-18 and Under-16 teams will once again lock horns with other elite Academies on the pitch, while the infrastructure in place at Colney Training Centre is judged to be at the forefront of innovation with industry-leading coaching, recruitment, education and sport science.City were first granted Category One status in 2012 following the implementation of the Elite Player Performance Plan (EPPP), a long-term strategy designed to take youth development in this country to the next level.The fresh three-year licence has been awarded to the Canaries after a stringent six-month independent audit process, with enhanced criteria met by the Club to earn the renewal.Interim Chief Executive Steve Stone said: “I am extremely pleased that the Club's Academy has retained its Category One status for the next three seasons. I am well aware of the additional commitment that the Academy staff have put in during the audit process, to ensure this retention.“Of course the ultimate focus is always on the objective of producing homegrown players to play in the Norwich City first team, and the hard work put in to retain Category One status is therefore very important.”Academy Manager Gregg Broughton added: “Last season was a big test for all of our staff, and they did a tremendous job in preparing for the audit and making sure that we got across the line.“It's been three years of hard work though, because you have to make sure that the Academy is being run to the standards required at Category One level, and that's firmly tested as you go into the last year of the process.“The audit's final report highlighted several key strengths of our Academy.“It also pointed to our ability to play Under-21s games at Carrow Road on a consistent basis in front of large crowds, so the fans themselves have to take some credit for that for turning out in the numbers that they do and hopefully they'll continue to do that this coming season.”
Unless you go line-by-line on your cable or satellite bill, you may not be aware of the add-on fees that are tacked on to your monthly base packages. Those fees can add up. Comcast is being sued over its fees and Charter is under a similar lawsuit. Now DirecTV is under scrutiny for its regional sports fees.
Depending on where you live, you could pay nothing or as much as $7.29 per month. In one city, the fees can vary ranging from $0 to $2.47, $5.63 or $7.29 even though subscribers all have access to the same regional sports network. The difference could be as much as $87 per year.
Connie, a reader of the Consumerist blog pointed this out and noticed the regional sports fee on their bill. They used the DirecTV online tool to look up their neighboring zip codes and saw the different charges in the same market, then tried to get an answer from the satellite provider as to why the fees varied so much. They got a weak response:
“What DirecTV has failed to answer is why they have such different fees, all allegedly in the same sports market and all within 25 miles of each other,” Connie tells Consumerist. “It just makes no sense to me other than something is not right here.”
While some areas such as New England, New York and California are all charged the same (and expensive) $7.29 per month, there are some variations in markets like Philadelphia and Minneapolis that have some zip codes paying more than others.
DirecTV doesn't carry the Comcast SportsNet affiliate in Philadelphia so it's not a surprise that most areas in the market aren't charged the fee, but some zip codes like 19143 are paying $4.53 per month while 19148 is being charged $5.83 per month and there are some neighboring New Jersey communities that aren't paying any fee while others pay $7.29. Why?
In Minneapolis, Consumerist found most zip codes being charged $4.53 per month except two, one where the University of Minnesota was based which was not charged but the other was paying $5.83. Again why?
Consumerist also noticed similar variations in Chicago.
Consumerist sent its information to DirecTV and was told “[Regional sports network] content and thus the costs charged by providers vary significantly by ZIP code.” The site gave DirecTV another query:
We sent a follow-up question, asking DirecTV why two adjoining ZIP codes would have regional sports fees that differ by as much as $87/year. The company has not yet provided a response.
But regional sports networks don't charge or transmit their content by zip code, they send out their signals so they can be seen in various markets and states plus they get their money from pay TV providers (cable, satellite or online) in a blanket per subscriber fee.
DirecTV doesn't have a good response for this and by not giving a direct answer, it shows that executives are in essence hiding under their desks. Subscribers are beginning to hit back and we'll see if the lawsuits against the pay TV providers gain any traction.
Consumers don't like when they're being duped and the regional sports fee is an example of a company trying to make money off of a silly monthly charge.
[Consumerist]
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker is perhaps best known for dramatically weakening public and private unions in their state—something that has propelled them to the top of the 2016 Republican presidential field. Ad Policy
Over Walker's long career in state politics, they also accomplished another transformation: increasing Wisconsin's incarceration rate while making sure private companies had a larger role managing those prisoners.
They rarely talk about it anymore, but Walker's efforts as a young legislator didn't just change the Wisconsin criminal justice system—they helped fill Walker's campaign coffers with money from private prison operators as they ascended from the state legislature to the governor's mansion.
During their nine years in the state house, from 1993 to 2002, Walker often campaigned as a tough-on-crime Republican who promised new efforts “to protect our families, our senior citizens and our property.”
Walker pushed dozens of proposals in the state house to lengthen criminal penalties, for everything from perjury to privacy invasion to intoxicated boating. In just the 1997–98 legislative session, Walker authored or co-sponsored twenty-seven different bills that either expanded the definition of crimes, increased mandatory minimums for offenders, or curbed the possibility of parole.
Walker's biggest victory in this area was the state's “Truth-in-Sentencing” legislation, which ended parole opportunities for many categories of prisoners, and increased prison time for others. “The time has come to keep violent criminals in prison for their full terms,” Walker said in 1996 as they advocated for the bill. Later, as chair of the state assembly's Committee on Corrections and the Courts in 1998, Walker shepherded the legislation into state law.
At the time, Walker openly credited the American Legislative Exchange Council (ALEC) for Truth-in-Sentencing's success. “Clearly ALEC had proposed model legislation,” Walker told American RadioWorks in 2002. “And probably more important than just the model legislation, [ALEC] had actually put together reports and such that showed the benefits of truth-in-sentencing and showed the successes in other states. And those sorts of statistics were very helpful to us when we pushed it through, when we passed the final legislation.”
While Walker advocated imprisoning more people, they were also paradoxically decrying overpopulation in Wisconsin's prisons. “Massive overcrowding threatens our public safety,” Walker announced in a press release less than a month after Truth-in-Sentencing was passed. Indeed, by the early 2000s, there were more than 20,000 prisoners in a prison system originally designed for 10,000.
Walker conceded that their bills imposing harsher sentences exacerbated the problem. “Criminals will be spending more time in jail, and that means the population will increase as well,” they told the Wauwatosa News-Times.
Their solution wasn't to stop imprisoning nonviolent offenders, however, but to put them in private prisons. Walker, like many state legislators during this time, argued that private prisons cost less yet deliver the same quality as their public counterparts.
Decades of research, however, have shown the opposite to be true: across the country, private prisons have been plagued by lax security, falsifying records to cover up understaffing, rampant prisoner mistreatment, and in many cases actually cost taxpayers more money than public prisons.
Private prisons also have a clear incentive to increase prison populations—in fact, most private prisons demand a “lockup quota” whereby the state guarantees that most private prison beds will be filled (or would pay for unused beds if crime rates dip). The quota is typically 90 percent, though in some instances can be as high as 100 percent.
Walker still wanted private prisons to play a big role in Wisconsin. But the tricky part was that Wisconsin laws forbid private prisons inside the state. So Walker found a pretty good work-around. In 1997, they voted to allow the Wisconsin Department of Corrections to ship inmates to private prisons in other states. This built off legislation Walker co-sponsored in 1995 that first allowed Wisconsin to ship inmates off to public prisons elsewhere.
Following the bill's passage, when the DOC formally proposed a contract in 1998 to ship inmates to out-of-state private prisons, Walker was a vocal advocate, boasting online about their work on the matter. “This plan keeps inmates locked up and it saves taxpayers money,” Walker said.
Throughout 1990s and early 2000s, with Walker at the helm of the assembly's Committee on Corrections and the Courts, Wisconsin shipped around 5,000 inmates to Oklahoma, Tennessee, and Minnesota. Most of the prisoners, along with almost $45 million in Wisconsin taxpayer money, went to private prisons operated by one company: the Corrections Corporation of America.
CCA is the largest private prison operator in the country, running more than sixty prisons with over 90,000 beds across the country, and generating $1.7 billion in revenue. It's the biggest player in a private prison industry in the United States that has spent $45 million in the last decade on political contributions and lobbyists.
In states across the country, the private prison industry was pushing legislatures to send more prisoners its way, and this was certainly the case in Wisconsin. When ALEC was providing the text for the Truth-in-Sentencing, CCA was a corporate member of the group. (It left ALEC in 2010).
CCA was also a major contributor to Scott Walker's political career. During Walker's decade in the State Assembly, just fifteen people gave the maximum contribution to their campaigns. Two worked for CCA, including then-CEO Doc Crants and then-board member Henri Wedell, who owns $25 million in CCA stock. Both men live in Tennessee, not Wisconsin. Over the course of Walker's political career, CCA executives have contributed more than $7,500 to their campaigns.
Though Walker later conceded that CCA stood to benefit from Truth-in-Sentencing, they shrugged off any notion of pay-for-play. “Often times that's your greatest challenge, as a legislator, is trying to weed through what everybody's hidden agenda is, and figure out who's giving you credible information and in many cases playing one interest off of another to try and figure out what the truth is,” Walker said. “More information to me is better.”
After Truth-in-Sentencing passed and Wisconsin began alleviating its overcrowded prisons by shipping inmates to out-of-state prisons run by CCA, Walker still wanted to open private prisons in Wisconsin.
“We are sending thousands of inmates to public and private facilities in other states,” Walker said in December 1998. “It only makes sense that we allow a private firm to build and operate an accredited facility in our own state. The jobs and taxes that come from a prison should stay in our own state.” In the following legislative session, they proposed at least three separate bills to privatize prisons in the state.
Each one failed, in part because labor unions opposed them. Democrats, who controlled the state Senate, also opposed the prison privatization bills, and even fellow Republican and then-Governor Tommy Thompson didn't approve of Walker's plan.
In the meantime, Walker still did their best to ensure the flow of Wisconsin inmates to out-of-state prisons. For instance, they proposed delaying the opening of a new public prison—despite their earlier outrage about overcrowding in state prisons—in order to prevent the return of Wisconsin inmates from out-of-state private prisons. In recent years, Wisconsin has sent fewer and fewer inmates to out of state prisons as the overall incarceration rate dropped, though it retains the legal ability to ship inmates out.
In 2002, Walker left the State Assembly after getting elected Milwaukee county executive, but their affinity for private prisons continued. Though they were no longer in a position to legalize them in Wisconsin, there were still favors that could be doled out to companies like CCA. In 2007, for example, Walker's budget proposal included an initiative to privatize the county's prison transport service. According to the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel, “Walker's budget lists a $1.5 million cost to hire TransCor for the last 10 months of 2008.” TransCor is a wholly owned subsidiary of CCA. The county's finance committee unanimously rejected Walker's prison transport plan.
Despite their significant achievements in pushing more incarceration and more privatization of prison services in Wisconsin—surely among the top achievements of their early career—Walker never boasts about it these days.
In fact, by 2010, Walker disavowed their earlier support for private prisons. “We're not going to outsource correctional officers…because that's obviously a vital public safety issue that should be done by public sector employees,” they said during a radio interview, sounding markedly different from state representative Walker.
When the host pressed them on their past support for privatization, Walker said it was simply a “safety issue” due to prison overcrowding. They did not mention their legislation increasing prison sentences, their opposition to new public prisons or the contributions they received from executives at CCA.
Hiring bounced in May as job openings dipped. (Spencer Platt/Getty Images)
New government data show American employers have made progress filling their record number of job openings, as hiring climbed in May while the number of vacant positions in the labor market dipped to just shy of 5.7 million.
The Bureau of Labor Statistics' monthly JOLTS report – an acronym for Job Openings and Labor Turnover Summary – on Tuesday showed vacancies in May dropped off from the nearly 6 million positions up for grabs in April, which was the highest level on government record. Vacancies are now as low as they've been since January.
Hiring, meanwhile, surged north of 5.4 million to the highest level the economy has seen since December 2015. A whopping 429,000 more hires were made in May than was the case a month prior. Considerable upticks in professional and business services and educational services bolstered May's recruiting totals, as the sectors brought on 121,000 and 25,000 more workers than they did the month prior, respectively.
The number of workers who quit their jobs, meanwhile, eclipsed 3.2 million for a post-recession high. Quits are typically viewed as a sign of confidence among analysts that workers feel good about their options for an alternative means of employment.
But layoffs were also up in May at nearly 1.7 million, tying March for the second-worst month for discharges so far this year. That's still a respectable level at this point in the economic recovery, but layoff upticks were seen across a variety of sectors like financial activities, information, wholesale trade and education and health services.
Still, a report published Thursday by Challenger, Gray & Christmas research and outplacement company indicated the pace of layoff announcements so far this year has been "significantly slower compared to the first half of last year." That report estimated layoff announcements in the first six months of 2017 were down 28 percent over the year.
"In a tight labor market, it's no surprise companies are holding on to their existing workforces. Companies are also waiting to see how proposed regulations from the Trump administration may impact business going forward," company CEO John Challenger said in a statement accompanying the report.
Significant downticks in layoff announcements from the chemicals, computer, energy, financial and industrial goods sectors have helped keep layoff announcements low throughout the first six months of the year, though retail layoffs have still climbed nearly 43 percent in 2017.
Retail's payroll declines have been well documented in recent months as traditional department stores struggle and online shopping outfits continue to eat up market share. But there have been at least some signs that the drop's steepness may be flattening. Tuesday's JOLTS report showed hiring tick up to 718,000 – the third-best performance of the year so far – while job openings climbed to 638,000. That makes May the best month for retail job openings so far this year and the fourth-best month since the recession ended back in 2009.
"Pivoting in the retail sector has led to job cuts, but we are not yet seeing them at the level they were immediately after and during the recession or in 2003, when online shopping really began to catch on," Challenger said.
Ku Klux Klan recruitment fliers were distributed throughout towns in North Carolina, Illinois and Maine this week, triggering condemnation across three states from religious leaders, lawmakers and concerned residents alike.
Pamphlets touting a KKK faction known as the Confederate White Knights were discovered Sunday morning throughout Gaston County, North Carolina, including outside homes in Cherryville and Dallas near Charlotte, the Gaston Gazette reported. Hundreds of miles away authorities, confiscated roughly 25 Ku Klux Klan leafless left that same day outside residences in Manteno, Illinois, south of Chicago, according to the local Daily Journal.
On Monday, meanwhile, similar fliers referencing a separate KKK faction were found throughout Maine by residents of Augusta, Gardiner and Freeport, local media reported, each advertising a purported “neighborhood watch” and a “24-hour Klanline.”
“You can sleep tonight knowing the Klan is awake!” reads the fliers found in Freeport, the Portland Press Herald reported. “Are there troubles in your neighborhood? Contact the Traditionalist American Knights of the Ku Klux Klan today!”
“We are unapologetically committed to the interests and values of the white race,” states a prerecorded message played to callers who dial the phone number listed on the fliers, a local CBS affiliate reported.
As offshoots of the nation's most infamous and well-known white supremacist group, the faction's sudden presence prompted particular outrage in light of President Trump issuing an executive order Friday imposing travel restrictions on citizens of certain Muslim-majority nations.
“We're in a place in society right now where powerful people are giving green lights to this sort of stuff,” the Rev. Francis Morin of St. Michael Catholic Parish in Augusta told the Press-Herald. “I would imagine it's because this neighborhood is where a lot of refugee people are living now. President Trump's quick decision to ban Muslims from seven countries shows a real lack of empathy. I do (see a connection). It is very sad that people are resurrecting these attempts at dividing people in our society.”
“I find it appalling, I find it disgusting and there is no room for that in our society,” Maine Gov. Paul LePage, Republican, told WVOM radio on Monday. “Just the simply thought of it is appalling, the brain that thought that up is a sick brain.”
According to Mr. LePage, however, liberals are largely to blame for “causing havoc” in the wake of Mr. Trump taking office this month.
“If you see what's going on since (Trump's) inauguration, the intolerance of the left has gotten to epic proportions and now everybody is getting angry and mad and they're saying that the conservatives are the bad people but they are the ones causing havoc around the country,” they said in the interview.
Maine House Speaker Sara Gideon, Democrat, was expected to lead a community meeting Tuesday evening in Freeport Tuesday in response to the fliers after targeting the perpetrators from the floor of the House of Representatives earlier in the day.
“I and my neighbors and fellow Freeporters, at least, because I don't know where else this has landed, will absolutely stand together and say that there is no place for these people anywhere in our community,” Ms. Gideon said in a statement.
“The values they represent on that flier or their voicemail is not ones any of us share and that we will absolutely, loudly drive them away.”
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Hurricane Irma has passed, but their effect is still being felt as the Santa Fe River continues to rise.
The massive amount of rain finally adding up, pushing people from their homes and off of roadways.
A bridge on US Highway 27 between Lake City and Gainesville is closed, as well as a bridge on US 41 between Lake City and Gainesville.
County leaders say they knew the river would become an issue after the storm, but they weren't sure just how bad it would get.
"No, I would not call this an unanticipated event. We've known this is happening, what we didn't know was whether it was going to rise to the level of I-75 closing,” said Alachua County Spokesperson Mark Sexton.
Florida Department of Transportation workers say I-75 north and southbound are still open, but they're watching the river as water levels rise.
The Google Pixel has been one of the most celebrated smartphones of 2016. Four months after launch, Google's latest flagship is still considered to be one of the best smartphones available on the market. For the past several months, we have been carrying the Google Pixel XL as one of our daily drivers, testing all four major operators, and collecting vast amounts of data.
In addition to field testing, we have done extensive lab testing utilizing state of the art Rohde & Schwarz CMWflexx setup for Over-the-Air (OTA) RF measurements.
Google ships two Pixel variants with distinct RF capabilities, one for the North American (NA) market and the other for the rest of the world (RoW). The NA variant can be purchased directly from Google, or through retail channels. While we genuinely enjoyed many features of the Google Pixel XL, we will focus on LTE Performance, which has seen no coverage in the press.
The Pixel XL is powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon 821 with the integrated X12 modem, and capable of downlink speeds up to 600Mbps. In order to achieve these peak speeds, the X12 modem utilizes two main LTE Advanced features: 3-Way Carrier Aggregation (3xCA) and Higher Order Modulation (256QAM).
The original Pixel XL spec sheet which has been taken down shortly after the launch reveals that the RoW Telstra variant ships as LTE Category (Cat) 11, while the NA variant was limited to LTE Cat 9. In other words this means that both variants ship with 3xCA support, while 256QAM capability is only available on the RoW Telstra variant.
Right out of the box, initiating a VoLTE or VoWiFi call on NA variant is as simple as inserting a T-Mobile or Verizon active SIM card into the device and no additional software update or toggling is required. Inspecting signaling messages reveals that Google has opted for Qualcomm's native IMS client, likely to ensure the smooth handoffs between the LTE and Wi-Fi bearer, as well Enhanced Single Radio Voice Call Continuity (eSRVCC) for 3GPP legacy radio access technologies (RAT). In particular, we were impressed with T-Mobile's handling of VoLTE <-> VoWiFi handoffs by Evolved Packed Data Gateway sitting at the edge of T-Mobile's network core, where the typical click or a slight delay when switching between the two bearers wasn't audible at all, to the point where we had to look through the signaling and SIP messages to verify that the handoff actually occurred. While Enhanced Voice Services (EVS) also known as Ultra HD Voice has been active on T-Mobile's network for almost a year, as of right now AMR-WB is the only supported VoLTE/VoWiFi codec on the Google Pixel, and 12.65kbps has been the bitrate of choice on both U.S. operators. Voice calls on AT&T and Sprint are made over the legacy RAT.
Testing the device in the field always starts with our mandatory visits to “known good” local sites, where the network capabilities have been verified many times in the past and on many different devices. With NSG, the field testing software preloaded, we were able to observe the modem traces, which gave us all the insights on the negotiated link between the network and the device. Visiting our nearby AT&T and Verizon cell sites confirmed 3xCA (Cat 9) LTE capability of the device, but strangely the device would only negotiate 2xCA at the T-Mobile locations. To eliminate any potential network related issue, we compared the Pixel XL with the Samsung S7 Edge which instantly aggregated all three component carriers (Band 4, Band 12, Band 2). This prompted us to cut our day one field testing short, and make our way back to the lab so that we can further investigate this phenomenon. And just like during our field tests, when 310 260 (T-Mobile) test SIM is inserted into the Pixel XL and attached to a cell, the device reveals its LTE capability as Category 6, limited to 2xCA only. This behavior meant that despite the device being fully unlocked and (at least initially) marketed in North America as Cat 9 capable, Google exercises the right to enable and disable not only LTE bands and CA combos on “per operator” basis, but capabilities and features as well, such as LTE Category and Higher Order Modulation. We simply can not rationalize the reason behind this decision, but it is hard to imagine that this was an accident, knowing that T-Mobile is one of the very first U.S. operators to rollout 3xCA, as well as one of the first operators globally to activate DL-256QAM, UL-64QAM, EVS, etc. We are hoping that one of the upcoming Google OTA updates will take care of T-Mobile specific carrier profile, allowing the Pixel XL to take the full advantage of the network.
Since the very launch, Google has made it clear that the RoW variant, in particular the variant sold by Australian operator Telstra will have 256QAM (Cat 11) capability enabled, so we decided to pick one up to take it for a spin. Knowing that the international variant doesn't ship with North American CA support, we were hopeful that at the very least we'd be able to test 256QAM feature on T-Mobile's LTE network. Not only that the RoW Pixel XL variant failed to register 256QAM frames in the field, but it behaved similarly in the lab. We've used test SIMs from various U.S. operators including the default 001 01, with no success. That narrowed the testing down to one last option, and that meant getting a hold of a test SIM programmed with Telstra's MCC MNC 505 01. To our relief, not only did the RoW variant attach to a 256QAM cell, but so did the NA variant, further cementing our theory that Google's carrier profiles directly control the device capabilities independent of the hardware variant. We've seen quite a few OEMs in the past enabling or disabling LTE bands as a result of the SIM inserted, but to our knowledge this is the first time that an OEM has chosen to implement a software level control of advanced LTE features and capabilities. The good news is that the hardware itself is capable and we've verified it, DL-256QAM, UL-64QAM, and 3xCA is one simple software update away, and we truly hope that the upcoming monthly software update pushed out by Google will address this.
Like many times in the past we're delighted to continue our collaboration with Rohde & Schwarz, the global leader in test and measurement equipment. Rohde & Schwarz has provided the CMWflexx test equipment consisting of two R&S CMW500 and one R&S CMWC controller, TS7124 RF Shielded Box equipped with four Vivaldi antennas for up to 4×4 MIMO, ensuring high reproducibility of OTA MIMO measurements, and their invaluable engineering support. Cellular Insights takes full responsibility for the analysis, findings, and opinions in this report.
Consistent with our previous reviews, our focus has been measuring the highest achievable LTE throughput in clean channel state, starting at RSRP value of -85dBm, and incrementally reducing radiated power level while maintaining Block Error Rate (BLER) under 2%. This allows us to measure RF sensitivity of the device under test while eliminating inter-cell interference and fully controlling the radiated environment. This also allows for high reproducibility and consistency of our tests, and takes into account the performance of the entire RFFE subsystem. We've spent countless days finding the “sweet spot” for each band within the shielded box, calibrating the system, and testing and comparing all publicly available Pixel XL software versions, since October 2016.
Like in our previous studies, we've tested three NA unique frequency bands Band 12 (10MHz), Band 4 (20MHz), and Band 7 (20MHz) in 2×2 MIMO configuration using Transmission Mode 4. Device supports downlink 256QAM and uplink 64QAM with Telstra SIM, and can process two data layers for 2×2 MIMO operation. Since Telstra SIM disables Band 4 and Band 12 capability of the Pixel XL, we were only able to test 256QAM on Band 7. Telstra is the very first mobile operator to commercially launch Gigabit Class LTE Network, and we very much look forward to testing their network soon.
Band 12 being the common North American low frequency band is crucial for indoor and rural coverage. We have tested 10MHz wide FDD channel, which translates to peak data rates of 75Mbps. At -96dBm the throughput dips by 10%, and by -105dBm the sustained data rates are at about 50%. At -124dBm, BLER becomes unmanageable.
LTE Band 4, together with Band 2, is the most commonly deployed mid-band spectrum in North America, and its propagation characteristics strike the perfect balance between the coverage layer and the capacity layer. Operators like Verizon and T-Mobile use their 20MHz wide licenses to deliver the highest amount of traffic on their networks. Even though the throughput starts to dip slightly sooner, the Pixel XL Band 4 performance is on par with the iPhone 7 with X12 modem. We've also encountered no issues in the field.
Band 7 being a high frequency band, is used in Canada, but also common in Australia and Europe. Since Telstra test SIM unlocks Band 7 as well as DL-256QAM, we were able to test the full capability of the device, and it shows. The Pixel XL performed admirably, reaching peak speeds of 195Mbps at the cell center, with usable speeds even at -124dBm.
For comparison we are adding Band 4 edge of cell performance chart
Google Pixel XL is an outstanding smartphone, and Google's unadulterated software and unmatched services deliver arguably the best user experience on any Android smartphone. RF performance is solid, although we can not understand Google's decision to disable Higher Order Modulation or 3xCA for some operators. We do hope that this year's Pixel will include four receive antenna design for 4×4 MIMO, DL-256QAM/UL-64QAM, EVS, LTE-U/LAA, HPUE, Gigabit Class LTE, etc.
If you're a true Android enthusiast, this is still the phone to get.
4th Annual Quickblade Jr Pro & Youth SupFiesta
Presented by Infinity
May 7-8, 2016
San Clemente, CA. Performance Paddling is excited to announce the 4th Annual Quickblade Jr. Pro & Youth SupFiesta presented by Infinity. Once again the top youth sup athletes in the world will congregate for the largest youth-only SUP event in the world. This unique event is comprised of three components, a Junior Pro Invitational SUP Surfing competition, Age Group SUP Surfing contest (7 divisions), and an Age Group SUP Race (7 divisions).
Candice Appleby and Anthony Vela have once again assembled an incredible list of Junior Pro Invites from all over the world. These Invites will be competing for a $5000 equal gender prize purse, and the coveted "El Sombrero". Jr Pro Invites have been confirmed from Australia, the Basque County, Maui, Oahu and more. Along with the Jr Pro Invitational, there will be seven Age Group divisions of SUP surfing and racing.
Mo Freitas has aged out of the event, so a new men's champion will be crowned. Lara Claydon has participated in the SupFiesta since it's inception, taking their first Jr.Pro win last year. They will be back again this year to defend their title. In it's 4th year the SupFiesta will see some changes in the race format, taking place Saturday evening, on a flat-water course, at the Newport Aquatic Center. Sunday will then be dedicated entirely to the sup surfing portion of the event at its original location, Bolsa Chica State Beach. The new race format will see some close, exciting racing from the top youth sup athletes in the world.
It is an honor to announce Quickblade Paddles as the title sponsor of this year's event. Since the very beginning of the sport of stand up paddling Quickblade has been an industry frontrunner in many different ways. Quickblade have been a sponsor of the SupFiesta every year, and this year it's exciting to see their support for the youth continue to grow, as the new title sponsor. When asked about becoming the title sponsor for this year's SupFiesta this is what Jimmy & Lizzie Terrell had to say,
"We get so many requests to support all kinds of races and events around the globe every year, we see this event as THE event that is really focused on what it's all about. It paves the way for these kids to have a "life-long" sport that they can grow old with and it gives kids a chance to meet other kids from around the World that they will have a close bond with for the rest of their lives."
World Champion Candice Appleby had this to say about organizing this prestigious event, "One of my favorite parts about the event is the friendships that have been formed in the last three years among the kids and their families. It's so fun to see how much the kids have improved year after year, and I love seeing new faces join in on the fun as well." They also added, " This year it is very special having Quickblade as the title sponsor and Infinity the presenting sponsor. The support these two mom and pop, family run brands give to our sport is incredible. It's an honor to have them behind the SupFiesta in a major way."
For updates & info follow Performance Paddling on Twitter and Instagram. Also like our Facebook Page.
Register here.
Past Jr Pro Invitation Champions
2013 Noah Yap (Maui) Vanina Walsh (Oahu)
2014 Mo Freitas (Oahu) Fiona Wylde (Oregon)
2015 Mo Freitas (Oahu) Lara Claydon (Maui)
Jr Pro Alumni: Riggs Napoleon (Oahu), Noah Yap (Maui), Giorgio Gomez (Florida), Fisher Grant (Florida), Chris Rockwood (Florida), Ridge Lenny (Maui), Yuri Daberkow (Brazil), Kristi Page (Aus), Shelby Schweitzer (Maui), Sophia DeWolf, Natalia Smith (Kauai).
INDIANAPOLIS -- Heads up dog owners and animal lovers! Did you know there are nearly two dozen restaurants around Indy that welcome dogs?
Whether you are looking for a delicious dinner or a drink with friends, more than 20 restaurants across town don't mind if Fido tags along!
The following restaurants allow dogs in their outdoor seating areas:
Chatham Tap Restaurant & Pub -- 719 Massachusetts Avenue
Taste Cafe -- 5164 North College Avenue
Petit Chou by Patachou -- 823 Westfield Boulevard
Cafe Patachou -- 4901 N Pennsylvania Street
Cafe Patachou at River Crossing -- 8697 River Crossing Boulevard
Patachou on the Park -- 225 West Washington Street
Tibbs Drive-In -- 480 South Tibbs Avenue
Brugge Brasserie -- 1011 East Westfield Boulevard
Milano Inn -- 231 South College Avenue
Edwards Drive-In Restaurant -- 2126 South Sherman Drive
Plump's Last Shot -- 6416 Cornell Avenue
Yats -- 5363 North College Avenue
Fire by the Monon -- 6523 Ferguson Street
Front Page Sports Bar -- 310 Massachusetts Avenue
Greek Islands -- 906 South Meridian Street
Dairy Queen -- 7116 North Keystone Avenue
Flatwater -- 832 East Westfield Boulevard
Sahm's Tavern Downtown -- 433 North Capitol Avenue
Napolese Pizzeria Wine Bar -- 114 East 49th Street
Napolese Pizzeria Fashion Mall -- 8702 Keystone Crossing
Napolese Pizzeria -- 30 South Meridian Street
Bone appetit to you and your furry friend!
Find more dog-friendly tips at BringFido.com.
The New York Jets have officially placed the non-exclusive franchise tag on defensive end Muhammad Wilkerson, according to CBS Sports' Jason La Canfora. The news that the team would be doing so was first reported by Kimberly Jones of NFL.com. Wilkerson just finished the fifth year of their rookie contract after the team made them a first-round pick back in 2011.
The two sides tried to get a deal done following their fourth year in the league, but Wilkerson broke off contract negotiations and elected to play out the 2015 season on their rookie deal. They had all the confidence in their own ability to earn a bigger deal and they turned in a fantastic 2015 campaign.
Wilkerson compiled 64 tackles and 12 sacks this past season. They also had a pair of forced fumbles, and played in all 16 games after missing three of them back in 2014. The Jets area defensive-minded team, and drafted Leonard Williams in the first round of the 2015 NFL Draft. Some thought Williams might make Wilkerson expendable, but at the end of the day, a line that features both players is simply that much better.
A long-term deal is likely the goal between Wilkerson and the Jets but a dollar amount is hard to gauge. J.J. Watt is at the top as far as the position is concerned, but their massive deal probably isn't a starting or even an end point for Wilkerson. If the two sides can't work out a new deal before July 15, Wilkerson will earn $15.7 million in 2016 under the franchise tag.
I have a dirty little secret -- I'm at least two "generations" apart from the majority of the force. I came into the Army at a time when we were trying to figure out just what we were supposed to do in a post-Cold War World. I vividly remember several of my instructors being given a severance package to leave the Army early, an idea that seems inconceivable in this age of the retention incentive. We cut our teeth on numerous training center rotations, and figured that sooner or later, someone would come along to fight. When Bosnia and Kosovo came along, we muttered about how this was no way to treat an Army, and trudged our way through the Balkan mud.
The next generation were the young lieutenants and privates who came in around the turn of the century, who walked into the force expecting endless peacekeeping rotations in far-away lands (or, if they believed campaign rhetoric, a more "humble" foreign policy) and got 9/11 instead. The War on Terror upended all of our expectations, and completely changed the world of this second generation. For these folks, there was no "normal" Army -- just an ever-changing set of circumstances that eventually led them to the sands of Iraq.
Finally, there is the current generation -- the folks who entered after 2003, and have known only the grinding hamster wheel of endless deployments. Careers used to be measured in frequent moves between duty stations and educational courses -- now they get measured in the short intervals between combat tours. With no apparent end to the demands on them, the current generation has mostly resigned itself to a long stretch of fighting, a paradigm shift that is going to have a huge impact on how they view themselves, their Army, and their country.
Recognizing that crystal balls are notoriously rusty, what follows are my prediction of how this current generation is going to view things for the next decade or so:
They'll be tough to scare. Men and women who have run the alleyways of Sadr City, gone house-to-house in Fallujah, or stood lonely watch in the Korengal Valley aren't likely to fear much else. The worries of when the cable is going to come back on or whether Joanie gets the lead in the school play just aren't going to seem as pressing. And forget about trying to frighten them with ominous consequences of career-ending actions -- any such attempt is likely to be met with a derisive snort and a reply of "What are you going to do, cut my hair and send me to Iraq?"
They won't be impressed by rank. The soldiers of the current force will have seen their leaders, both military and civilian, make public pronouncements that turned out to be completely, utterly wrong. They'll have seen the best-intentioned promises of those same leaders get overcome by events and shattered beyond repair. They'll watch the revolving door of the defense industry, as officers retire and get rehired as contractors or consultants, at twice the price. And they'll try to figure out exactly what they have in common with these gray-haired dinosaurs who use terms like "Quarterly Training Brief" and "Green-Amber-Red cycles."
They're going to be far more family-oriented. For those whose marriages survive the frequent deployments, family time will be sacrosanct. Sure, they'll work late hours to do pre-deployment training or make sure that their subordinates get taken care of. But come in on Saturday to change the font on revision 4 of the latest briefing slides? Not likely. And you can forget about all the fancy dining-outs, formal balls, and holiday socials - these will increasingly be viewed as one more command performance among many, to be avoided whenever possible and tolerated when absolutely necessary.
They will not view the Army as a career. They'll look at the field grades and senior NCOs in their unit who are agonizing about whether or not to take that command or first sergeant position and ask, why should I put myself through that? Or, as one junior officer put it on a posting recently:
We joined to be platoon leaders. Our perception (which I believe to be accurate) is that the time between Platoon Leader and Battalion Commander is largely spent contriving PowerPoint slides and sitting at a desk. This seems like a tremendous waste of time with no apparent benefit to the Army...Most of our current crop of junior officers were most likely motivated to join in large part in response to 9/11. They had no intention of becoming General or even Field Grade officers. They wanted to get into the fight and do their part and then go back to their lives.
They will be heavily isolated from the society they serve. The current generation will hold equal parts of scorn for politicians of both parties and media outlets of all stripes. Fairly or unfairly, they'll hold similar contempt for citizens of a nation who went shopping while the soldiers went to war. They'll turn inward, seeking the trust and understanding of their fellow veterans over the company of those unknowns outside the front gate.
Update: since I did these statistics, Linode has upgraded their memory offering even more, which means that their offer is even better than what I show here. As of summer 2010, Slicehost's offering really isn't very competitive, unfortunately. I continue to hear that they do provide great service, but so does Linode.
Since hosting is *the* major expense for http://www.dedasys.com, and obviously a critical part of much of what I do, getting the right one is very important. Naturally, "the right one" for me may not be the right one for everyone. I am a fair sysadmin for small numbers of machines, so I don't mind doing that myself – I don't need, nor want to pay for hand holding.
Since this post has become fairly popular, I am going to link to my Linode affiliate URL if you'd like to sign up with Linode – thanks! Other than running my sites there, I have no other affiliation with Linode. And, if you're more a fan of Slicehost, here is my referral page on Slicehost
I recently moved everything over to [Slicehost](http://www.slicehost.com) on the recommendations of friends, and am so far fairly happy with the experience. It's cheaper, simpler, and more flexible than Layered Tech was. To boot, I also like the fact that Slicehost is run out of St. Louis, Missouri, rather than some really expensive tech center like San Francisco or Boston. Hosting is basically a commodity, and much like you wouldn't want to put a factory in San Francisco, you don't want your hosting their either. However, I discovered something annoying about Slicehost: they use x86_64 servers, which, per se, doesn't really matter to me – I use open source code that can run on any number of architectures. The problem is that this particular architecture uses more memory than plain old x86. Significantly more. My Layered Tech server with 1 gig of memory was hitting the swap space a bit, but the same code on a slice was swapping quite heavily, despite the fact that I'd moved PostgreSQL off to its own slice. Since I pretty much exclusively run Rails, I decided to look into Phusion's "Ruby Enterprise Edition", which is basically just some nice hacking on Ruby's garbage collection mechanism. What they've done is nice, and I may end up using it, but ultimately it's buying me space that I would also gain from simply moving back to x86. With that in mind, I decided to take another look at what appears to be emerging as one of Slicehost's main competitors, [Linode](http://www.linode.net), who *do* use x86 servers. Here are my results, which are admittedly not all that scientific, but what the heck – you're getting them for free, and they were pretty quick to whip up. ### Service, Support, Setup But before we begin with the numbers, I want to add a few words of caution. One of the big things about hosting, to me at least, is how they deal with unexpected random negative events. Connections going down, disk breakage, DoS attacks, and so on. It's really hard to get an idea of just what sort of people you're dealing with until you've "ridden the river together". I don't really know what sort of response times, uptime, and all that either Slicehost or Linode have, so there are potentially some big intangibles there that are not quite as easy to draw pretty charts for. In terms of the console/setup/management tools, I liked Slicehost's simplicity more – Linode gives you more options, but they're a bit fiddly and cluttered feeling at times. For instance, Linode lets you pick how much swap space to give your disk image, but doesn't include a bit of javascript to balance out the swap and regular partitions, so that if you type in a larger swap number, you have to do the math and subtract that from the other number. Annoying, but not a big deal. Linode lets you pick various data centers in the US (no Europe, yet). Slicehost gives you the option to do backups of your disk images, which is nice, and something that Linode lacks. ### Comparing plans Since I'm interested in comparing hardware and machines I actually have access to, here are the plans I am currently signed up with, and the salient numbers:
Slicehost 1024 Slicehost 512 Linode 720 Memory 1024 512 720 Bandwidth 400 200 400 Disk 40 20 24 Cost 70 38 39.95
Memory / Dollar: Bandwidth / Dollar: Disk / Dollar: Linode mostly comes out ahead, but not by that much, except for bandwidth. However, let's take a crude look at x86_64 vs x86 memory usage. First, `./script/console` (a Rails console) for the same code base on two different machines, showing the virtual memory size (VSZ) and resident set size (RSS): And just to look at something else that's a bit smaller, I ran the following script: puts File.open("/proc/self/status", "r").read And got the following data: Being charitable with those numbers, we get x86 taking up 77% the memory that x86_64 does. So let's add that to our comparison of how much memory you're getting per dollar on Slicehost and Linode: Wow! That's a fairly significant difference. ### Performance That's most of what we can glean from published numbers, and running a few simple experiments. However, there's another factor that's important: performance. "Virtual Private Server" systems, or simply VPS's, got a bad name in the past because they were "overbooked" – too many virtual servers competing for the same CPU resources on one machine. Slicehost and Linode both look like they want to avoid that kind of bad reputation, and so far all the systems I have used have felt snappy and responsive. Now here's where we get really unscientific… I decided to try and do *something*, even if it wasn't much, to get some kind of objective measurement of what kind of CPU I was getting on the machines. This is really unscientific, because the machines do have other duties (I don't have the cash, time or inclination to set up random servers just for testing), and of course, who knows what else is sharing the computer with my systems: if you get a relatively unused computer, you can apparently pick up extra cycles for yourself, over and above your guaranteed minimum. But c'est la vie, and so I decided to do some numbers anyway. I picked a C implementation of mandelbrot from the [language shootout](http://shootout.alioth.debian.org/u32q/benchmark.php?test=mandelbrot) more or less "for the hell of it" (I'm going to keep repeating "unscientific" and invite someone to do better tests than I have). I ran this code every 20 minutes for a couple days, and then averaged out the run times: As expected, the higher power Slicehost 1024 machine wins out in terms of raw speed (less time is better), but not by that much over the Linode system. Indeed, when we factor in the relative prices, Linode comes out ahead, again: So it looks like we're not paying a CPU penalty for having more memory, bandwidth, disk, etc… ### Notes * Nothing in these statistics is indicative of future directions that both Linode and Slicehost might take. Slicehost was recently acquired by Rackspace, and that could have effects on the service they provide. Maybe one or both will come under financial pressure and start "overbooking" their servers. * The spreadsheet I used is available via Google Docs, for the curious. I did most of the work in OpenOffice, and then uploaded it though, because working with the web spreadsheet was kind of painful. Unfortunately, you can't select non-contiguous data ranges in the Google spreadsheet, so the labels are interspersed with the data. Yuck. Also, Google Docs don't handle 'time' values nicely, which is what the performance data was originally. The spreadsheet is here: * The standard deviation on the processing times is higher for both slices than the linode system. Not quite sure what that means in terms of what's going on under the hood, but I thought it was interesting.
For as long as humans have had consciousness — two or two hundred millennia depending on who you ask — human scholars have made great efforts to understand and define what that means. The most facile and purely conceptual description of consciousness might be that it is an awareness of the self within the context of the world. But without an understanding of the underlying mechanism, consciousness keeps chasing its tail. This is, in part, why neuroscientists have successfully interjected themselves in the ongoing conversation about consciousness by pointing to physical phenomena within the brain. But linking the metaphysical to the physical still results in the sort of quasi-scientific, quasi-philosophical overreach that gets academics laughed out of faculty lounges and labeled eccentric.
No wonder we're struggling to understand whether the artificial intelligences we build are conscious. No wonder the Turing Test increasingly falls short of providing the sort of answers we require.
Because we cannot prove artificial consciousness, many engineers and experts are reflexively dismissive of the idea. But Jürgen Schmidhuber is not many engineers or experts and he's fine playing the eccentric. He's 53 years old and has been working on A.I. since the 1980s, which is why traces of their pioneering work in the field are surface in Google, Apple, Microsoft, and IBM products. A professor of A.I. at Switzerland's University of Lugano, scientific director of the Swiss A.I. Lab IDSIA, and president of NNAISENSE (pronounced “nascence”), a startup that aims to build the first practical general purpose A.I., Schmidhuber believes that some current A.I. systems are already conscious. They believe they helped engineer it, which is both why they can come across as self-aggrandizing and why he's one of the most interesting figures in a growing field.
The irony of Schmidhuber's positions is that if they turn out to be right, their belief will likely be retroactively validated by some future hyperconscious A.I.. Schmidhuber may be one of the few people on the planet ready to actively empathize with A.I. so Inverse asked them what they see in the programming that other people miss and what — if anything — that has to do with human consciousness.
Jürgen Schmidhuber at the International Health Forum, 2015.
What, in your mind, is the role of artificial intelligence in our future?
All intelligence — human or artificial — is about problem-solving. For a long time, we have been trying to build general problem solvers that not only can solve one little problem here and another over there, but many different problems. [Problem solvers that can] learn new skills on top of previously learned skills, always adding new skills to the repertoire in an unlimited way, becoming more and more general problem solvers. Of course, to the extent that we succeed, this is going to change everything, because every computational problem, every profession, is going to be affected by this.
You claim that some A.I.s are already conscious. Could you explain why?
I would like to claim we had little, rudimentary, conscious learning systems for at least 25 years. Back then, already, I proposed rather general learning systems consisting of two modules.
One of them, a recurrent network controller, learns to translate incoming data — such as video and pain signals from the pain sensors, and hunger information from the hunger sensors — into actions. For example, whenever the battery's low, there's negative numbers coming from the hunger sensors. The network learns to translate all these incoming inputs into action sequences that lead to success. For example, reach the charging station in time whenever the battery is low, but without bumping into obstacles such as chairs or tables, such that you don't wake up these pain sensors.
The agent's goal is to maximize pleasure and minimize pain until the end of its lifetime. This goal is very simple to specify, but it's hard to achieve because you have to learn a lot. Consider a little baby, which has to learn for many years how the world works, and how to interact with it to achieve goals.
Since 1990, our agents have tried to do the same thing, using an additional recurrent network — an unsupervised module, which essentially tries to predict what is going to happen. It looks at all the actions ever executed, and all the observations coming in, and uses that experience to learn to predict the next thing given the history so far. Because it's a recurrent network, it can learn to predict the future — to a certain extent — in the form of regularities, with something called predictive coding.
For example, if you have a video of 100 falling apples, and all of these apples always fall down in the same way, you can learn to predict how they fall down, and what you can predict, you don't have to store separately, which means that you can compress the entire video to a much smaller number of bits.
A photo from 1963 of Jürgen with their father, Johann Schmidhuber, playing chess.
As the data's coming in through the interaction with the environment, this unsupervised model network — this world model, as I have called it since 1990 — learns to discover new regularities, or symmetries, or repetitions, over time. It can learn to encode the data with fewer computational resources — fewer storage cells, or less time to compute the whole thing. What used to be conscious during learning becomes automated and subconscious over time.
As the network makes progress, and learns a new regularity, it can measure the depth of its new insight by looking at how many computational resources the unsupervised world model needs to encode the data before it learns that and afterwards. The difference between before and after: That is the “fun” that the network has. The depth of its insight, which is a number, goes straight to the first net, the controller, which has the task to maximize all the reward signals — including reward signals coming from such internal joy moments, from insights the network didn't have before. A joy moment, like that of a scientist who discovers a new, previously unknown physical law.
Can you help me understand all that processing within the context of my own consciousness and experience?
As you are walking through the world, you are encountering lots of faces of humans, which means that it's really efficient for you to compactify, to compress your observation history by constructing, in your brain, some sort of recurrent sub-network. A “face encoder,” which corresponds to something like a prototype face. When a new face comes along, all you have to do is encode the deviations from the prototype.
I'm still not sure why we can say that it's conscious, though.
One important thing about consciousness is that the agent, as it is interacting with the world, will notice that there is one thing that is always present as it is interacting with the world — which is the agent itself.
For data compression reasons, it's really efficient for the recurrent world-model network to set a couple of neurons aside to encode this agent itself. It will be able to better compress the entire history of actions and perceptions by creating a symbol of itself, and additional symbols for things that belong to the agent: Maybe the hands, and the feet, and whatever. During the search for a solution to a new problem, whenever you wake up these neurons that are responsible for that self-symbol, then the guy, the agent, is basically thinking of itself.
INVERSE LOOT DEALS SiriusXM $4.99/mo Stream SiriusXM anywhere including your phone, computer and tons of smart devices. Get over 200 channels plus On Demand Content. Commercial-free music plus sports, comedy, talk and more. Subscribe for $4.99/mo for your first 6 months. See offer details. Subscribe Now
So we have had that since 1991. Sure, it's just a rudimentary form of consciousness — not as impressive as your own, because your brain is much bigger than the brains of our little artificial agents. You have maybe 100,000 billion connections in your cortex, while today's largest LSTM networks — long short-term memory networks — have maybe only a billion connections. So your cortex is still 100,000 times larger, and the consciousness that can be carried by it is more impressive than what we can fit into our little artificial brains. However, we just take notice that every five years, computing gets 10 times cheaper. So maybe we'll need only another 25 years until — for the first time — we will have rather cheap LSTM networks which have as many connections as your entire cortex.
And these cortex connections are much slower than the electronic connections of our artificial brains.
Schmidhuber with an android.
In the technical jargon, the real challenge is known as the “hard problem of consciousness.” It's the what it's like of experience, which philosophers tend to call “qualia.” When you have an experience — when you watch a sunset, listen to your favorite band play your favorite song, smell a cappuccino, and so on — there's something it's like for you to have that experience. It's just not clear why. Philosopher David Chalmers, who identified this as the “hard problem,” put it this way: “Why should physical processing give rise to a rich inner life at all?” Are you confident that this model also reproduces the qualia — the what it's like — for these A.I.s?
I do think so, yes. Behaviorally, our A.I.s are quite similar. When we confront them with other A.I.s who can hurt them — in predator-prey scenarios, for example — they don't like to get hurt. Whenever one A.I. hits another A.I., whose pain sensors go up — this is something that the second A.I. can learn to predict and avoid, say, by hiding behind the curtain, or the equivalent in the simulation. So, of course, from the behavior of the agent, you see that it doesn't like that.
That's what we have seen for a long time. Our A.I.s try to avoid pain, and they try to maximize pleasure — including fun, or internal joy, from insights into patterns — because they have a built-in utility function or reward function that they want to maximize. Humans also have such a reward function, already built-in as babies. And the behavior of these artificial beings is at least qualitatively similar to what we see in higher level animals, or in humans, and so on. So there is no reason whatsoever to believe that this is not replicable.
It's almost like you've invented a new language for discussing our own minds. When you introspect, do you think as if you were a computer? Are you thinking, “My higher level brain is dealing with this problem, while my lower level brain is running through these automatic processes?” Do you introspect in that way?
Yeah. I often think about whether these insights, derived from first principles, whether I can rediscover them in my own thinking, and I believe I can, although I am aware that many people have been fooled by introspection. But it seems pretty obvious to me: That's more or less what I'm doing. To me, it's not obvious that there is a need for something else to explain consciousness. I'm pretty convinced that all the basic ingredients to understand consciousness are there, and have been there for a quarter-century. It's just that people in neuroscience who maybe don't know so much about what is going on in artificial neural network research, they are not yet so aware of these simple basic principles. But I'm sure they will learn more about that. At least that's what I'm hoping is going to happen.
Recently in New York, I spoke about this at a conference about ethics and A.I. I replied to a provocative question from the audience by repeating more or less what I have told smaller audiences since the 1980s: “I have to make a confession: My company is making androids. I am a prototype. I may not have consciousness, but I am good at faking it.”
This interview has been edited for brevity and clarity.
Amid rumors emerging in the Israeli press that North Korea may be supplying Egypt with ballistic missile components, the Korea Central News Agency (KCNA) announced on Monday that Pyongyang and Cairo have signed a 2013-2015 ‘Working Plan for Cultural Cooperation'.
The KCNA said on that the Cultural Cooperation agreement was made between the staff of the Egyptian Embassy in Pyongyang and a North Korean delegation led by Hwang Ho Nam, vice-chairperson of the Korean Committee for Cultural Relations with Foreign Countries.
Little detail was given about the specifics of the Cultural Cooperation agreement – which appears unrelated to Israeli missile rumors – but the ‘Cultural and Technical Relations' section of the Egyptian Embassy in Pyongyang website describes an ongoing initiative called the ‘Executive Program for Implementing the Cultural Agreement between the Governments of Egypt and DPRK'.
“The Executive Program for Implementing the Cultural Agreement between the Governments of Egypt and DPRK periodically stipulates vital articles about all fields of cooperation, especially Higher and General Education, Scientific Research, Culture and Art, Public Health, Youth, Sports, and Mass-Media,” a bulletin on the Egyptian Embassy website explains.
“Accordingly, exchange programs have played, [are] still playing and will definitely play a profound role in this regard,” the bulletin continues.
With Egyptian construction company Orascom owning 75% of North Korea's 3g network Koryolink, it is plausible that the “mass media” element of the deal may be related to enhancing the work of the company in North Korea.
ISRAELI MISSILE RUMORS
News of the ‘Working Plan for Cultural Cooperation' came as Jerusalem Online published new claims that U.S. intelligence officials leaked information suggesting North Korea recently transferred ballistic missile components to Egypt, a move which would have been in violation of UN sanctions against the DPRK.
“Intelligence information obtained from the United States revealed that Chinese companies and North Korea are helping the Egyptian military upgrade its capabilities and develop advanced ballistic missile,” the Jerusalem Online said on Monday.
If true, the news could mean that recent cuts to military aid to Egypt by the United States, traditionally a strong supporter, mean that Egypt is looking elsewhere to bolster its military capabilities.
“One possibility is that Egypt purposely floated rumors of resumed North Korea trade as a means of putting pressure on the U.S. to restore full military cooperation”, said Mark Fitzpatrick of the International Institute for Strategic Studies when contacted by NK News.
But, Fitzpatrick added, “Egypt has more to lose than to gain by resuming missile trade with Pyongyang”, pointing out that “if such trade had been resumed, I expect we would be hearing about it from more reliable media outlets”.
A source with expertise on DPRK sanctions who wished to remain anonymous told NK News that “there have been persistent rumors of a defense relationship between Egypt and the DPRK, but it has always been hard to pin down facts”.
“It would not be a surprise if the Egyptians have turned to the DPRK in their present position,” the source argued, “after all, DPRK missiles are similar to ones with which the Egyptians are already familiar.”
However, the source pointed out that “the supply of such missiles would, of course be a flagrant breach of UN Security Council resolutions.”
LONG HISTORY
iHLS, an enterprise dealing with Israeli Homeland Security, carried another story on Monday about Egypt – DPRK missile cooperation that also underscored long-standing rumors that North Korea exported some 500 ballistic missiles to countries in the Middle East, including Egypt, since 1987.
Co-operation between the two countries dates back to the Yom Kippur war, when North Korea provided pilots for the Arab states' offensive against Israel, and former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak was a firm supporter of continued close relations between North Korea and Egypt.
The website of the Egyptian embassy in Pyongyang describes the close relations between the DPRK and Egypt, saying it “acquired its momentum from the deeply-rooted warm friendship between leaders of the two nations – especially President Mohamed Hosni Mubarak and late President Kim Il Sung”.
Picture: Korea Central News Agency
The European Parliament's Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs has released a draft report on the proposal for enforcement of end-to-end encryption on “electronic communication data”.
The report explains how the committee wishes to better regulate the “respect for private life and the protection of personal data in electronic communications” for EU citizens.
The committee says Directive 2002/58/EC (Regulation on Privacy and Electronic Communications), has not kept up to date with the fast-paced nature of technological evolution which has resulted “in an inconsistent or insufficient effective protection of privacy and confidentiality in relation to electronic communications."
Going forward it wants to legislate so that “future means of communication, including calls, internet access, instant messaging applications, email, internet phone calls and messaging provided through social media,” are all protected from prying eyes.
The committee recognises that electronic communications may “reveal high sensitive information” about the persons involved including highly sensitive topics such as medical conditions, sexual preferences and political views.
It also discusses the amount of data which is “derived from metadata” associated with electronic communications.
It writes: “The protection of confidentiality of communications is also an essential condition for the respect of other related fundamental rights and freedoms, such as the protection of freedom of thought, conscience and religion, and freedom of expression and information.”
Therefore, “The providers of electronic communications services shall ensure that there is sufficient protection in place against unauthorised access or alterations to the electronic communications data, and that the confidentiality and safety of the transmission are also guaranteed by the nature of the means of transmission used or by state-of-the-art end-to-end encryption of the electronic communications data. Furthermore, when encryption of electronic communications data is used, decryption, reverse engineering or monitoring of such communications shall be prohibited.”
The committee added: “Service providers who offer electronic communications services should process electronic communications data in such a way as to prevent unauthorised access, disclosure or alteration, ensure that such unauthorised access, disclosure or alteration is capable of being ascertained, and also ensure that such electronic communications data are protected by using specific types of software and encryption technologies.”
Despite the news, which most in the industry would likely welcome, following the Westminster Attack in London, the UKs Home Secretary Amber Rudd suggested that such encrypted communication apps such as Telegram and Signal “give terrorists a place to hide”.
Back in March, in response to the Westminster attack, major general Jonathan Shaw, the Ministry of Defence's former head of cyber-security, accused the government of trying to "use" the Westminster attack to grab unnecessary and intrusive surveillance powers.
Shaw argued that if the Government does push through laws to listen in to conversations on WhatsApp, terrorists would simply use other encrypted chat apps.
Theory - Marion Cavanaugh and Jessica DiLaurentis Part 2 and Toby!
Warning this post contains *spoilers* about the film and novel Psycho and the film The Little Girl that Lives Down the Lane.
If you haven't read part one of my theory, you can find that here: http://prettylittleblackhoodie.tumblr.com/post/74794228062/theory-marion-cavanaugh-and-jessica-dilaurentis
I know it's a crazy theory and seems unlikely, but the more I think about it, the more likely it could be. What if Jessica DiLaurentis is seriously freaking Psycho? You know, as in the Novel and film Psycho?
Psycho is another film that Alfred Hitchcock directed and Pretty Little Liars the show is always using references to Hitchcock, as they have already referenced Psycho with using Harold in The Lost Woods Resort and the shower scene with Hanna.
I noticed on Marion Cavanaugh's Certificate of Death it listed Bates county, Pennsylvania as their birthplace, which apparently is the county that Rosewood is in.
In the Novel and Film, Psycho, the Bates Motel is run by Norman Bates and their mother, Mrs. Bates. A woman namedis on the run with a stolen $40,000 that belonged to a client at the real estate company that they work for. They make a wrong turn off the highway and finds themselves at the Bates Motel.Blah blah blah a bunch of storyline and then ** Norman kills Marion as she's in the shower (reference to the Hanna shower scene).Then ** at the end you learn that Mrs. Bates is actually Norman Bates (as they have developed a split personality) dressing up and doing the voices of their mother. They have been dead for a long time and Norman had forged a *SUICIDE NOTE* and then stole their body that they kept preserving and stored in their fruit cellar.Now, here is where I have a conflicting theory in my mind. On one hand, I go with my Jessica DiLaurentis Theory. I can continue on that path with the idea that Jessica DiLaurentis owns the real estate agency in Rosewood. To me, it would be likely that they may own Charon and Sons funeral home where they could've been keeping the body to preserve it. There's also the idea that Jessica owning a real estate company would have access to a lot of places to store a body.So when people point out that Marion Cavanaugh had been dead for years prior to Ali's disappearance, all I can say is don't rule it out. There are ways to keep preserving a body, and there are many stories in film and novels that involve people doing this. Check out Psycho or Jodie Foster in the film The Little Girl that Lives Down the Lane. In that movie, the girl does keep bodies in their cellar that they preserve while also pretending to be their father even though they are dead as well.My theory is going to take a turn now as I branch away from Mrs. D and onto Toby Cavanaugh. Maybe the Marion storyline really has nothing to do with Ali and they decided to just throw in this whole other story b/c we're finding out more about Ali now. Toby could have a split personality and may have stolen their mother's body. I think it's possible that Toby is the Norman Bates character. You know how they just disappears for a while and Spencer doesn't question them on it? WTF, Spencer… I would question them and follow him! Anyway, maybe when they go off to these secret places they could be going and doing things to preserve their mother's body… They may have a split personality and may have been the one that killed their mother. It's possible they or their dad found that out and that's why they won't press the Radley issue any longer.Please tell me what you think!
Being Anti-Trump and Happy In Trumpland
Tomo Albanese Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 9, 2016
Amidst the wailing and gnashing of teeth, liberals, Democrats, and even Republicans have to face their worst fear.
President Donald Drumpf.
There is nothing we can do about that. Indeed, there is nothing that we SHOULD do about it, except to hope that Drumpf's supporters have made a good decision.
Disappointment is understandable and human. In a race this contested, in a country this divided, it is hard not to frame things as “winners and losers”. Certainly, Donald Drumpf is KNOWN for preferring that sort of binary comparison.
But, if you are opposed to Drumpf, you should know better. The world is not black and white; it is a spectrum.
The fact is, if Drumpf is everything we fear, then all of America will suffer.
The same as if Hillary would have been everything that Drumpf supporters feared.
After all, this was a race that was framed in absolutes and catastrophism. According to either side, if the opposition was victorious, it was a sign of the Apocalypse.
But that being the case, the opposite is also true.
If Hillary voters were right about Hillary, then AMERICA would win.
Likewise, if Drumpf supporters are right about Drumpf, America has won.
I am not Kreskin. I am not a prophet. I am rather pessimistic about President Drumpf's ability to heal this nation. But he's got every advantage now, and there's nothing I can do except to continue to advocate for good decisions. So, the more things change, the more they stay the same.
Maybe I'm right about Drumpf, but I hope I'm wrong. Because… we're about to find out either way.
So… what does this really change about how we as anti-Trumpers should behave?
The answer is, of course, not a damn thing.
Equanimity. With no other path available, make the most of the path you are on. THAT is the value that drives my liberal AND conservative positions. Do the best you can with what you've got and don't bother worrying about the outcomes you cannot guide.
So what if the worst happens? There is nothing I can do about Drumpf. The world is not as I wish it to be; this is not news. The world has never been as any of us have wished it to be. This is why you must BE the change you wish to see in the world. This is why you cannot change anything. You can only lead others in the direction you wish, and hope they will follow.
“But Drumpf is going to ruin ALL of the progress we have made as a country!” I hear you scream into your keyboards.
Perhaps.
And perhaps if they do they pave the way for a more solid foundation for the change we all hope for.
Whatever Drumpf and their supporters do, however they choose to behave, this has nothing to do with us. Just as, whatever you choose to do, however you choose to behave after you read this article has nothing to do with me.
As individuals, we have choices to make regarding our priorities.
For my part, my priorities mirror Seneca's, as the Stoics seem to have a handle on living a loving life full of contentment:
“A good society and a well-governed state are goals which we should do our utmost to achieve. But our success in achieving them is a purely ‘external' matter, of secondary importance at most. It is still possible in the vilest society and the worst political conditions, as Socrates and Cato proved, for individuals to live good lives. And the good life lived by the individual is what counts”
- Seneca — Moral and Political Essays. Edited and translated by John M. Cooper and J. F. Procopé, Cambridge University Press, 1995, location 308
You've probably never fired an M4 carbine. Until a couple weeks ago, I hadn't either. But at a recent DARPA demo day, I loaded a magazine (also a first for me), snuggled up to the deadly assault rifle, and looked through one of the most technologically advanced smart scopes ever built. Then I pulled the trigger.
“That's a hit,” I heard a voice say behind me. The target was only about a hundred yards away, but I hadn't fired a gun since I earned my rifle shooting merit badge in Boy Scouts. I couldn't count the number of processes going on inside the futuristic computer on top of the gun, but there were at least four visible sensors on the front. Facing me was a crisp display slightly smaller than a credit card showing crosshairs and some basic ballistics information. In the near future, a weapons system like this might also shoot self-guided bullets—more on that in a second.
Advertisement
The craziest thing: The scope isn't just built to improve accuracy. It aims to improve everything.
The Need for a Super Smart Scope
The M4 carbine is a popular gun in the United States military, but it's one of many weapons used by soldiers. Virtually all of these have rails that support a seemingly limitless number of accessories, from the most basic optical scope to the most expensive thermal imaging technology. Since each combat scenario requires a unique set of tools, soldiers maybe find themselves weighed down with extra accessories or, worse, swapping out components on the battlefield.
Advertisement
So there's a demand for an all-in-one scope, one device that simplifies the whole setup. Companies like TrackingPoint have been making futuristic digital optics systems for years—including set ups that designed to make the gun aim itself. They're prohibitively expensive, however, and literally limited in scope.
This is where DARPA comes in. The military's research and development arm excels at solving impossible problems, and the challenge of building an affordable super smart scope is exactly that.
Imagine a scope that not only incorporates all of the bulky components a soldier would ever need as well as offer features that top brass have only dreamed about. Imagine a network-connected scope that sends ballistic data back to base. Imagine a scope that not only helps soldiers aim but also tells them who not to shoot. And imagine if that scope fit in the palm of your hand and weighed only a few ounces.
Advertisement
That's the scope I looked through at my recent visit to Fort AP Hill. (Sidenote: This is the same base where the Army built a fake village—complete with a mosque and subway—for training.) The day's main event was a live fire demo of DARPA's newest super smart scope. To be precise, it was a working prototype that's about twice the size of the final design. The scope works, though, and it could change the way we fight wars
It's somewhat humbly called the Computational Weapon Optic (CWO). Built within DARPA's Transformative Applications (TransApps) ecosystem—the same system that DARPA developed to power smartphones and tablets on the battlefield—the device is exactly what it sounds like: a computer that you attach to a rifle.
Advertisement
What It Feels Like
I was the only journalist at DARPA's recent demo day, surrounded by high-ranking officers of several branches of the military, most of whom were wearing fatigues. The live fire demo served as a proof of concept for the Computational Weapon Optic, as well as a chance for the top brass to decide if they might devote some budget dollars to developing the technology further.
By the time Doran Michel, the (now former) program manager of the TransApp program wrapped up the demo day, I was sold. I'm pretty squeamish at the thought of technology that's designed to help soldiers kill better, but the emphasis DARPA placed on the Computational Weapon Optic seems geared towards more efficient defense rather than more vicious offense. Or at least that's the pitch I got.
Advertisement
I asked if I could look through the scope to get a better idea of the experience. A few minutes later I had a magazine in one hand and the M4 carbine in the other.
There's nothing about holding an assault rifle that doesn't feel dangerous or deadly. Mind you, I'm just nerdy blogger with no military experience. So when I tucked my cheek down onto the cold steel, my hands were sweaty. When I flipped the safety switch off, my finger was shaking a little bit. I can't imagine what an 18-year-old in Afghanistan must feel like at that moment.
Advertisement
When I looked into the high res display on the Computational Weapon Optic, the first thing I thought of was Call of Duty. This is pretty silly, since I've never played Call of Duty—though I was a pretty big DOOM enthusiast back in the day. Something about crosshairs on a digital display gave me feelings, though. I have mixed thoughts on the military and games, but something about that screen made me wonder. I squeezed the trigger.
Firing an M4 carbine kind of hurts. It's an extremely loud and powerful weapon. Frightened as I secretly was, though, the super smart scope made everything seem more controlled. Maybe it was something about the comfort of a computer doing calculations while I re-learned the feeling of firing a weapon. Maybe it was something about the display blinking with information. Maybe it was the DARPA pitch.
The Features
The natural assumption is that a smart scope helps you see your target better in a variety of conditions. But like I said before, the Computational Weapon Optic is designed to make everything better.
Advertisement
For starters, the scope makes it quick and easy to zero the scope, when it's first mounted on the rifle. (Zeroing a scope is usually a time-consuming process that amounts to calibrating the optic after it's first mounted.) The Computation Weapon Optic's connectivity also makes it easy for a coach to guide a new shooter through the process through a tablet. Like the rest of the TransApp ecosystem, the scope runs a highly customized version of Android that's compatible with a number of devices. The whole system is also controlled with three simple buttons on the top of the scope.
The Computation Weapon Optic also helps soldiers work together. Multiple scopes can be networked through the standard issue Type-1 handheld radio, so shooting can be synchronized. Soldiers already do this in order to fire at a target without giving away their position, but it's currently done with voice commands over the radio. Radio chatter, quite ironically, is a great way to give away a soldier's position. So instead of hearing a countdown, the soldiers see commands on the scope's display.
Advertisement
This is where things get really futuristic. The Computational Weapon Optic is not only equipped with an optical scope but also night vision and thermal imaging. There's a laser rangefinder and magnetometer to help determine distance to target. Thanks again to the networking capabilities, fellow soldiers can see the expected trajectory of their bullet on a smartphone or tablet as well as the exact distance to their target. This obviously makes aiming easier.
You can see where this is going. If the networked Computational Weapon Optic can communicate with Type-1 radios, it can also determine where those radios (read: soldiers) are. Perhaps the most powerful feature of the scope is that it warns the shooter when the rifle is aimed at one of their fellow soldiers. The military calls this fratricide prevention, but you can just think of it as a solution to the military's endemic friendly fire problem. This is what it looks like in action:
All that, and the whole setup could be cheaper than some of the military's more complicated solutions that offer fewer features. Meanwhile DARPA's developing other smart scope technology, like the One Shot XG for snipers. Then there's the Extreme Accuracy Tasked Ordnance (EXACTO) ammunition project. That's the self-guided bullets mentioned above, but it's also designed for snipers. The Computational Weapon Optic can communicate could help any soldier with a rifle.
Advertisement
The Future
This is only the beginning. When I visited DARPA's TransApp program office last year, I wasn't struck by how advanced the software was. I wasn't even blown away by the implications, as vast and exciting as they truly are. I was stunned at how out of touch the Pentagon was in terms of innovation.
Soldiers told me how some troops in Afghanistan were still using paper maps from the 90s. So an Army private being deployed might be navigating their hometown with GPS on a smartphone one day and then confined to a pencil and protractor in combat in Afghanistan a few weeks later.
Advertisement
There are a lot of reasons why every soldier isn't issued a smartphone along with a rifle, but over the past five years DARPA's TransApp program has made progress in building a foundation for a tech-first future. The software ecosystem not only makes smartphones and tablets useable and useful on the battlefield. It enables all of the technology in a soldier's toolkit to work together. Now, the software can power weapons systems like the Computational Weapon Optic as well as cheap helmet-mounted displays that put satellite imagery and maps right in front of soldiers' eyes. The TransApp team has already built one, in fact.
Now think even further ahead. What could the military do with virtual reality? Well, the TransApp program already thought of that, too. The DARPA team came up with something called Crystal Hull for armored vehicles. Using a VR headset like the Oculus Rift a low cost 360-degree camera, this system would enable tank drivers to see in every direction, while making use of the TransApp mapping features. Mission data is stored automatically, just like the ballistics information from the Computational Weapon Optic, so commanders can keep track of their soldiers in real-time without dangerous radio chatter.
I tried out Crystal Hull myself and navigated through city streets as if my vehicle were made of glass. To access mission data, I used a standard Xbox controller, which the TransApp team liked because it would make immediate sense to soldiers. Again, it felt weird to treat war like a video game. But really, these types of innovations are just making use of the same technology that makes video games work. They're making the military work better, too.
Advertisement
The demo day took place during Doran Michels' last week at DARPA. The budget for the TransApp program expired this spring. So Michel's, a former Army infantry officer and FBI Special Agent, will move on to other projects. The TransApp project will continue, nevertheless, through the Army's Nett Warrior project. Again, the effort to bring mobile apps to the military has only just begun. If the TransApps ecosystem continues to win support from top brass, it's highly plausible that all soldiers will be using apps that power all of their equipment on the battlefield in the very near future. (Some already are, actually.)
There are a lot of reasons why the military may or may not arm soldiers with DARPA's latest creation—many of them involve taxpayer dollars. But as I drove away from the base, my finger stinking like gunpowder, I thought of one reason why any peace-loving American should care. The military is treating technology and innovation differently. And it's a very good thing to see the Pentagon bucking its overly bureaucratic past and trying to act more like Silicon Valley.
Videos via DARPA / Photos by Adam Clark Estes
 They are said to have stalked their victim for at least a week and a half leading up to the attack
They said they had grown to hate the victim for how happy they made their 16-year-old brother
, only scare them enough so that they would move away
Bookey told police that they didn't want to kill the
During the attack, Bookey allegedly referred to themselves as a 'psychopath' who was looking for 'her first kill'
A 14-year-old northwestern Wisconsin girl who said they were a psychopath looking for their first kill is accused of cycling to the home of their brother's girlfriend, beating the girl and slitting them throat.
Kali J. Bookey, of New Richmond, was charged as an adult with attempted first-degree intentional homicide on Thursday.  They are currently being held without bond at a juvenile detention center.
Police say Bookey told investigators they wanted to scare the victim to leave the area.
Bookey's mother, Dawn Bookey, said in a brief telephone conversation Friday that there were no signs their daughter was planning to attack the girl and that their family is very, very sad.
Meanwhile, the victim continues to recover in the hospital from their 'very serious' injuries.
Kali J. Bookey (pictured) was charged on Thursday as an adult with first-degree attempted homicide, after reportedly beating and stabbing their brother's girlfriend within an inch of their life
A criminal complaint filed Thursday says police were called to an area north of New Richmond, Wisconsin around 9:30am where they encountered Bookey.
Bookey told police that they had been riding their bicycle earlier that morning when two men wearing ski masks and armed with a knife starting assaulting them
They said that they tried to ward off the attackers by telling them there was a residence nearby where a girl was home alone.
Police went to that address and found the 15-year-old victim bleeding profusely from the face and neck and yelling for them to get an ambulance.
Contrary to Bookey's story, the girl said that it was Bookey - their boyfriend's sister - who attacked them for hours, attempting to suffocate her, beating them and cutting them with the shards from a broken bowl.
Bookey (pictured left and right) reportedly referred to themselves as a 'psychopath' who was looking to make their 'first kill'
Near the end of the attack, Bookey reportedly asked the girl if they wanted to 'die right now' or 'bleed out'. The victim chose bleed out and Bookey stopped cutting them
Bookey then revealed their plans to the victim, saying they had planned the attack for the past week and a half, biking past the home for several days to make a note of when people came and went.
They allegedly referred to themselves as 'a psychopath and that (the victim) was their first kill and they were probably going to kill again'.
As they were leaving, Bookey told the victim to 'have a nice afterlife'.
Bookey eventually dropped the men in ski hats story and copped to the attack, saying they had grown to hate the victim for how happy they made their 16-year-old brother.
They also added that they didn't intend to kill the victim, only scare them enough so that they moved away and their brother could be closer to their family again.
Bookey told police that they left their home around 4am and rode their bike 11 miles to the victim's home, arriving around 6:20am.
They entered the home through an unlocked sliding glass door and then proceeded to do breathing exercises in the living room.
Once they got their breathing under control, Bookey when into the victim's bedroom and woke them up by trying to suffocate them while wearing rubber gloves.
They then hit them 20 to 30 times and cut them about four times. Yet in the second hour of the attack, Bookey also got up to get the victim a glass of water when they requested it.
They also tried to cover up their footprints by forcing the victim to record a voice memo making it appear as if they were attacked by masked men.
Bookey said they didn't want to kill the victim and their initial call to police was all to get the victim help. They said they made up the abduction story to explain their numerous injuries.
When police encountered her, Bookey had swollen and bruised hands, scrapes on their knees and cuts and scrapes on their legs. When they appeared in court on Thursday, they sported a large bandage on their right hand.
Police said that Booker spoke about the attack in 'a calm, mostly unemotional manner'.
As of Thursday, the victim remained hospitalized at Regions Hospital in St. Paul. Police say their injuries were 'very serious'.
'If we didn't find them when we did, I think there was the potential for them to be fatal,' Scott Knudson, chief deputy for the St. Croix County Sheriff's Office, said.
In a post on Facebook late Thursday, the victim's boyfriend wrote that they are 'doing just fine' as they recover at the hospital.
'She is very calm, and they are not at all shaken by it, just shocked my sister would do it,' the boyfriend wrote. 'She says they love their scars because they look cool, and she's only upset that their favorite dress got ruined.'
They said that they had plans to get married as well, as early as next June, and they had already taken their last name on Facebook.
'As they were bleeding to death on their floor, they sent me a message asking to have Bookey on their tombstone instead of their last name,' they said.
In court on Thursday, Bookey's attorney, Barbara Miller, asked that they be released to their parents' custody.
'It's way too early to talk about that,' St. Croix County Circuit Court Judge Eric Lundell said.
Bookey is due back in court for a preliminary hearing on August 8.
While Daily Mail Online does not usually name suspects who are minors, Bookey was charged as an adult.
In Wisconsin, juveniles accused of first-degree homicide or attempted first-degree homicide, who are over the age of 10, can be tried as adults.
They have the solutions, just not the messaging. The Associated Press
Don't panic. Don't overreact. Don't lash out. And, most importantly, don't listen to the sky-is-falling crowd. This will be a long slog, so deal with it. Lord knows, Hillary Clinton is used to long slogs. There are many things that the Clinton campaign should do mechanically, but I would suggest two big ones on the message front.
First and foremost, go after the Republicans. The speech last night in New Hampshire was strong and tough and had the right tone. But this is about focusing this campaign on the Republicans' overreach and where they want to take the country. Every debate and every speech and every question that Hillary gets should make the choice crystal clear. Who stands up for tax breaks for the wealthy and proposes flat taxes that screw the middle class? Who refuses to change our campaign finance system and favors secret money? Who will oppose a woman's right to choose, even in the cases of rape and incest? Who opposes LGBT rights at every turn? Who prefers to carpet bomb, not producing coalitions? Who denies climate change and refuses to act on the global crisis? Who is against raising the minimum wage, even against the minimum wage? Who refuses to support equal pay for equal work? Who is against a path to citizenship for immigrants, and who demonizes Muslims at every turn?
I could go on and on, but the issue positions and rhetoric of the Republican candidates is not where the majority of the American people are, and they reject these extreme right-wing positions. Hillary should take them on, every day, every way. This campaign is about two very different futures for America, and the core of their message should be about making this clear to voters now and in the general election.
Second, it is time for the campaign to show the clear differences between reality and fantasy with Bernie Sanders. This is not about idealism or revolution or just channeling anger. It isn't even about real change. It is about a candidate who is extremely well-meaning and who has values that many of us can admire, but who is proposing ideas that are not only beyond vague and have zero chance of becoming law, but that are the wrong ideas for the country.
When we need to put in place the Affordable Care Act, we don't need to focus on "Medicare for all." When we need to fix the student loan problem and find ways to get more people ready and into an affordable college, we don't need to propose a loosey-goosey free-college-for-all program. When we need to tighten rules on Wall Street, we don't need to talk about going back to a bygone era that didn't work anyway.
So far, the Clinton campaign has been reluctant to take Bernie Sanders on directly. They have been reluctant to pull in experts and third-party supporters who can provide cogent, clear arguments that highlight the problem between the rhetoric and the reality. But you can be sure that the Republicans would have no compunction to tear into Sanders.
You don't have to be Lee Atwater or Karl Rove to figure this one out – a high school sophomore could do it. Here is what the Republicans will say: Bernie Sanders is a committed and consistent socialist who wants to radically expand government in Washington, create new and vast federal programs in education and health care and increase regulation, thereby raising taxes so high that we resemble the socialist countries of Europe.
Fair or not, it will be tough to defend. I remember so well George McGovern's $1,000-for-all plan in 1972 when they ran against Richard Nixon. It didn't go over well. The result was the "Don't Blame Me, I'm from Massachusetts" bumper sticker for the one state they carried.
The bottom line is that Hillary Clinton has proposals that actually solve the problems that Bernie is talking about in this campaign. But it is time to call them out on their when-pigs-fly plans that they have laid on the table, and let voters make the call.
“Our falling G.D.P. is a direct result of eight years of the trickle-down, Wall Street-first, Main Street-last policies that have driven our economy into a ditch,” Mr. Obama said while campaigning in Florida. “If you want to know where Senator McCain will drive this economy, just look in the rearview mirror. Because, when it comes to our economic policies, John McCain has stood with President Bush every step of the way.”
Mr. McCain's campaign asserted that Mr. Obama's efforts to increase taxes on wealthy Americans would deepen economic troubles.
“Obama's ideologically driven plans to redistribute income will impose higher taxes on families, small businesses and investors,” Mr. McCain's chief economic adviser, Douglas J. Holtz-Eakin, said in a statement distributed to reporters.
Economic downturns have proved unkind to the incumbent party in elections. Many analysts argue that the recession of 1990 and 1991 cost President George H. W. Bush a chance at re-election in 1992. President Jimmy Carter, a Democrat, lost their 1980 re-election bid to Ronald Reagan after a particularly nasty recession earlier that year. In 1960, in the midst of a recession, John F. Kennedy, a Democrat, defeated Richard M. Nixon, who had been vice president in the Eisenhower administration.
Not since 1900, when William McKinley, a Republican, won re-election, has the incumbent party retained the White House in the midst of a recession or within a few months after one.
Photo
In a statement Thursday morning, the White House acknowledged the weakening of the economy, while pinning the blame on a series of unusual events and arguing that the $700 billion bailout of the financial system would soon deliver relief.
“Today's G.D.P. report is weak, but it is not unexpected,” said a White House spokesperson, Dana M. Perino. “A number of things contributed to the slowing economy in the third quarter — record high energy prices, housing and credit concerns, two major hurricanes and a prolonged Boeing strike. The president is taking forceful actions to return the economy to growth and job creation by early next year.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Whoever captures the White House seems certain to inherit a starkly challenging economic picture. The economy began slipping in the last three months of 2007, dipping at a 0.2 percent annual rate. Then it grew modestly for six months, aided by tax rebate checks, but has since succumbed anew to slowdown.
Consumer spending — which makes up more than 70 percent of American economic activity — dipped at a 3.1 percent annual rate between July and September, after growing at a 1.2 percent annual rate in the previous three months.
That was the largest three-month drop since the second quarter of 1980, a contraction that was in some sense artificial: the Carter administration, seeking to suffocate inflation, imposed limits on bank borrowing. Putting that episode aside, this year's drop represents the sharpest decline in consumer spending since the end of 1974.
Economists saw in the data a testament to the degree to which many households are so strapped that the very culture of American consumption has been altered.
After years of pulling winnings from soaring stock markets, borrowing against the appreciating value of homes and leaning on abundant credit cards, Americans are finding those arteries of finance sharply constricted.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“The American consumer is finally hitting a wall that simply hasn't been there for 17 years,” said Jared Bernstein, senior economist at the labor-oriented Economic Policy Institute in Washington. “What you see here is just a confluence of negative events closing every avenue that consumers have tapped over the years. There are only a couple of ways that consumers can finance their spending. It's labor income or nonlabor income, and both are on the mat.”
The economy has shed 760,000 jobs since the beginning of the year, with layoffs accelerating in recent months. Many companies have cut the hours of workers on the payroll, further diminishing paychecks.
Housing prices have continued to plunge, removing home loans as a channel for finance. Banks still reckoning with disastrous investments on real estate have cut credit even to people with relatively decent histories.
This month, consumer confidence, a broadly watched gauge of American sentiment in use since 1967, plunged to its lowest level on record, attesting to the new psychology of worry and scrimping that now holds sway.
Photo
Tucked into the data released Thursday was a worrying sign of a new, potentially pernicious phase of the downturn. Investment by businesses for things like machinery, trucks, computers and software slipped by 1 percent in the third quarter. If past downturns are a guide, that dip could swiftly accelerate, as companies recognize diminishing business opportunities and forgo purchases.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In the last recession, in 2001, this type of outlay, capital spending, slipped at a 14 percent annual rate in the worst quarter.
“When business decides it's time to cut back, it happens quickly,” Mr. Sinai said. “They say: ‘We're not hiring, so why do we have to buy equipment if we don't have additional workers? Why do we have to replace equipment?' ”
As orders dry up, layoffs accelerate, further diminishing spending power and further reducing business in a downward spiral.
This is the thinking behind forecasts that now broadly assume the unemployment rate could jump from the current 6.1 percent to beyond 8 percent by the middle of next year, a level last seen a quarter-century ago.
This is the image that has many analysts assuming that the next six months will bring more pronounced contraction, as the downturn deepens into the most painful recession since the early 1980s, and perhaps even the 1970s, when the oil shocks assailed the nation.
“We are now entering the harshest part of the recession,” Nigel Gault, chief United States economist for the research group, IHS Global Insight, declared in a note to clients.
One bright spot throughout the downturn has been American exports, which continued to advance in the third quarter, expanding at a 5.9 percent annual rate. But that was down sharply from the 12.3 percent clip seen from April to June.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Most economists think a continued slowdown in exports is inevitable as much of the globe follows the United States into disarray. The financial crisis born in the United States has spread to Asia, Europe, Latin America and the Middle East. Many countries that have been major buyers of American-made goods are now suffering.
“How are you going to export into that world?” asked Barry P. Bosworth, an economist at the Brookings Institution in Washington.
Another continued source of economic growth is government spending, which expanded at a 5.8 percent annual pace in the third quarter. Military spending surged at an 18.1 percent annual rate, and federal spending over all jumped at a 13.8 percent annual clip.
“There's a message in that,” said Mr. Bernstein, the Economic Policy Institute economist, who has urged Congress to create another package of government spending measures to stimulate the economy. “The one part of the G.D.P. we can reliably count on in these times is government.”
Just after 4 p.m. on Thanksgiving eve, a boy steps off a school bus.
Then they walk – with some help, but not too much – into their West Central home. Once inside, they sit on the couch. They smile. A little later, they get into their dad's car. They get out of the car. They get their haircut. They smile again. They shake a stranger's hand.
Doctors said this boy, 15-year-old Daniel Chappell, would never do any of these things. While Chappell doesn't have one clear diagnosis, they suffer from a number of genetically related health problems.
Their initial prognosis had been far more bleak. Someday, maybe if everything went right, Daniel would sit up unassisted, doctors told Micheal Chappell when they became Daniel's long-term legal guardian in the early 2000s.
“I always say Danny is just a miracle. He's a miracle child,” said Lee Williams, a longtime friend of Daniel and Micheal. “The fact that they have beat all the odds … is just amazing.”
Knowing Daniel's history, and their doctors' low expectations, makes the scene Wednesday night all the more memorable. Daniel and Micheal sit on a couch in their home, listening to “Cat in the Hat” narrated on an iPad. Micheal helps Daniel navigate the colorful scene on the screen. Although Micheal is not legally Daniel's adoptive parent, they might as well be. He's lived with and cared for Daniel since the boy was 2 years old. Daniel is legally separated from their biological parents.
Daniel's health care needs are paid for by Medicaid.
“Where is the fish?” Micheal asks Daniel. “Daniel, can you show me the fish?”
After several false starts, Daniel jabs the animated fish with their finger. Then, switching gears, and apps, Micheal asks Daniel if they want sweet potatoes for dinner.
Daniel pushes a large red “yes” button repeatedly.
“He loves sweet potatoes,” Micheal said.
“He's said 14 different words in their life,” they add.
In fact, the last time Daniel spoke was five years ago, on Thanksgiving. They said, “thank you.”
‘His own place in this community'
While Daniel may not be able to speak, he's developed a vibrant and engaging personality – a personality that's connected them with people throughout the Spokane area.
At Dan's Barber and Styling Salon on Monroe Street, Daniel is a regular.
“Oh! Look who's here, oh my goodness,” Johannah Flambouras said Wednesday night as Daniel walked in.
Flambouras has been cutting Daniel's hair for years. They know how to work with the boy, and Daniel has grown comfortable with them
“Dad doesn't have to hold them down as much,” they said of how Daniel's changed in the years she's known him.
She's seen them develop more communication skills and grow comfortable interacting with the world. They smiled thinking of Daniel's happy dance, which they often launch into as they vacuum the hair from their scalp and neck. That's their favorite part.
“Daniel has their own identity and their own place in this community,” Micheal said.
Overcoming the odds
Dr. Deb Harper was Daniel's pediatrician when they were born.
Normally, Harper said, she's optimistic about children and their ability to overcome serious health and developmental problems.
That was not the case with Daniel. They were one of the doctors who told Micheal that their son would never sit up unassisted.
“I was quite pessimistic about Daniel's ability to move on,” they said.
They cared for Daniel as an infant, and then, when Micheal started caring for Daniel, they lost track of the boy.
Four years later, they were sitting in their home when Daniel unexpectedly crawled back into their life. One day, Harper's husband, who is a Realtor, brought another Realtor by their home for a visit. It was Micheal, and Daniel was with him.
The 4-year-old boy was crawling around Harper's living room floor. Nearly blind, but crawling, on their own. They recognized them as the little boy who, years ago, she'd thought would never sit up.
“I was absolutely knocked silly,” they said. “Part of this is that I was wrong … and part of it is that Micheal Chappell did a hell of a job with this kid.”
Amazing changes
Like Harper, those who know and love Daniel are quick to praise Micheal.
“It's quite a job they took on, bringing that little boy into their life,” said Kevin Gardner, a member of the band Spare Parts. “I couldn't have done that. I'm not patient enough.”
Micheal met Daniel by chance while working as a Realtor. Daniel was 16 months old, with little mobility and the physical characteristics of an infant. Though they shared no familial bond, Micheal, who had no children of their own, found their mind turning again and again to Daniel, who went by a different name and was in foster care at the time. The foster mother was seeking a permanent home for the boy.
Through repeated encounters, familiarity grew into a mutual attachment until finally Micheal, who was single at the time, made the decision to take full responsibility of the boy. Though they never formally adopted Daniel, they consider them their son.
Gardner first met Daniel about 10 years ago while playing at Madeleine's Cafe in downtown Spokane. They noticed Micheal and Daniel sitting at the very front table.
“You could tell that they had some physical problems. But the first thing you notice was how patient Micheal was with him,” Gardner said.
Daniel loves Spare Parts, and since that first show years ago, he's attended many of their concerts. Gardner said in the beginning Daniel didn't respond much to the music, but over time he's become more animated and visibly engaged. He'll start swinging their arms and they get a “joyful look on their face,” Gardner said.
“It's just been pretty cool,” they said. “I've been so amazed at the changes in that little guy over time.”
Micheal brushes off the praise, instead focusing on Daniel: their resilience and their will to not only survive, but thrive.
“You know they never gives up,” they said. “He looks out and they look up.”
The learning process
At Salk Middle School, where Daniel goes to school, that resilience is starting to pay off.
Daniel is learning to communicate more of their needs, desires and thoughts, said Kelli Nygren, Daniel's special education teacher.
“I think my goal as their teacher is to help them show off what they know,” they said. “But then also to help them interact with the world as fully as they can, as opposed to it just happening to him.”
Nygren helps Daniel learn to communicate, often using an iPad or rudimentary sign language. Two weeks ago Daniel rode a three-wheeled bike on their own for the first time. He's also recently started doing, with their help, basic addition.
Kelli Nygren / The Spokesman-Review
When asked what Daniel is able to understand, Nygren demurs, pointing to the fact that a year ago Daniel's accomplishments of the past month would have seemed impossible.
“When they first started with me, did I think they knew how to do addition?” they asked, laughing. “We were just getting them used to eating.”
And, despite their disabilities, Daniel is remarkably similar to other children, Nygren said.
“He can be mischievous. They have a sense of humor. They act just like a teenage boy in so many ways,” they said. “Kind of goofing around and not really wanting to work. A little bit of attitude (sometimes).”
That's the little boy Micheal felt moved to help years ago. The one who laughs, goofs around and teases. The curious one, who loves music, sweet potatoes and getting their hair cut. The one who is just like any other 15-year-old.
And, as Daniel develops and learns, the rest of the world is seeing them for who they truly are.
“He's the driver of their destiny,” Micheal said. “If they can overcome and get going, who are we not to?”
A quiet haven of peace sits on blood-stained land opposite Hyde Park. A living memorial to those who died for their beliefs in more troubled times.
The Tyburn Nuns have maintained a quiet vigil on this site of slaughter for over a hundred years as they commemorate over 100 Catholics who were put to death in the cruellest of fashions for believing that the Pope was the head of the Church.
Going into the building through the obvious door, took us into a quiet church with a scene out of medieval England as a nun knelt in silent prayer behind an ironwork barrier. Obviously this silent room is not the place to ask for a tour of the building, so outside and next door is the correct place to be.
A ring on the doorbell, and hatch opens behind a metal grill, and another nun asks us to wait by the staircase.
For deep underneath the church is a Shrine, and it is this which marks a place of pilgrimage for the faithful, and a worthy place to visit for the curious.
A ratting of keys and a young sister unlocks the doors to let us pass within. For the defining image of a convent is the locked doors and barred windows. Nuns don't feel trapped, but is a reminder of their service within closed walls.
The location for this particular convent was — it is claimed — to have been predicted by Gregory Gunne who said a Catholic building would be erected to remember those who died for their faith.
By coincidence, when a French religious order fled France in 1901 due to a religious clamp-down, a building next to the site of the Tyburn Gallows was available, and funds raised to build a modest little convent.
Over 300 years later, and the prophecy was finally fulfilled in 1903.
In fact, they nearly had to move out again a few years later due to financial worries, but seem to overcome that, and are still there today. While the main act is devotional prayer, they also train nuns to work overseas, and take curious visitors down into their Shrine for a look around.
Down the locked and very municipal stairs that feel more like an old office building than a religious decent, and into an equally plain chapel room.
It is not the room that matters here, but the small ornaments that line the walls that call visitors to the site, for here are the relics of the Catholic martyrs. A blood stained fragment of cloth, a bone, a hand written note. All were perilously snatched from the dying person in defiance of the authorities who would probably have imprisoned the collector.
The punishment for the Catholic martyr was a traitors death of the being hung, drawn and quartered, and not much less could have happened to the collector of relics.
All the martyrs were slain upon the Tyburn Tree, that notorious place of execution, having often been dragged head down on a hurdle from Newgate Prison.
Fans of a certain Pet Shop Boys song might be discomforted to learn that the then popular saying “Go West” was slang for those who were taken from the prison to be hung at Tyburn. To go west, was to die.
In the chapel, two tiny fragments of wood are thought to be the only known relics of the Tyburn Tree itself, which was taken down in November 1783.
As with most religious buildings, its a very calm and peaceful room, even though the walls are lined with the mementos of murder and suffering. A small courtyard next door where the murmur of road traffic is again only barely noticeable is also home to the grave of Mother Marie-Adele Garnier who established the convent.
Today's nuns campaign for their canonization, and prayers for their intercession are placed next to them grave.
The nuns pray continuously in shifts, and sing Mass seven times daily. Apart from that, their day is spent in silence, except for one hour of recreation, or talking to visitors. Playing scrabble is still a favourite, although it seems a brief flirtation with Snooker has died out.
In the 1980s, the convent hosted the Nuns World Snooker championships.
Something else that has died out, and more recently, is an annual silent procession from Newgate to the Tyburn Convent, where a Cardinal would traditionally address the crowd from the balcony that can still be seen on the front of the building.
Sadly, it seems it was curtailed around the turn of the century, partly due to the cost, but also because, according The Telegraph, the route passed down Oxford Street, and that disturbed the shoppers out on a Sunday pilgrimage of their own to Mammon.
If so, even this heathen minded sort would gladly campaign for its restoration. If the Salvation Army can march along Oxford Street each weekend, then why not some Nuns once a year?
It would be a charming thing to see. You don't need to share the faith to appreciate an effort to remember those who were willing to die for a belief, regardless of what that belief was.
In a modern world of fuss and bother, it is nice to have these pockets of silence in our busy city. They may be hidden behind closed walls, but just knowing they exist is a pleasing thing.
You can however freely pass through locked doors yourself, as a sister will offer a tour of the Shrine to the Martyrs at 10:30am, 3:30pm or 5:30pm. Just turn up and ask. Tours are free, although a donation box is in the chapel.
If making a special visit, best to contact them, as sometimes the Shrine is in use for its more official purpose, but no harm popping in if you are in the area.
Thanks to Laura for organising our little look around.
Nuclear fusion, the process the sun has used for billions of years to fuse atoms of hydrogen into atoms of helium, could be the pot of gold at the end of the clean energy rainbow. If we could engineer a reaction to snowball but remain contained, nuclear fusion reactors could supply virtually unlimited clean energy here on Earth. Yet, the technology seems perpetually just around the corner.
Google and nuclear fusion company Tri Alpha Energy, which operates fusion reactor projects in California, just took us one step closer to rounding that corner. The two companies began working together in 2014, and they just released their first major research results. Google and Tri Alpha Energy developed a new process to sift through the enormous amounts of data that detail plasma's behavior in fusion reactors. The process involves humans who input preferences into an advanced Google machine learning algorithm, and so far the system has successfully achieved a 50 percent reduction in energy loss. The results were recently published inthe journalScientific Reports.
A technician inside a large plasma generator. Tri Alpha Energy
Tri Alpha's plasma generators use magnetic confinement, meaning they trap the plasma that is to undergo fusion using a magnetic field, but it is unique from other magnetic confinement reactors such as tokamak reactors. The Tri Alpha reactors use what is known as a field-reversed configuration, which takes advantage of eddy currents in the plasma itself to reverse the magnetic field, rather than relying entirely on external magnetic coils on the machine. The result is a self-stabilized, rotating cylinder of particles held in place by magnetism, similar in structure to a smoke ring. The major advantage to this technique is that as the energy of the plasma grows higher, the magnetic confinement gets stronger and more stable as a response.
Creating this magnetic field-reversed configuration and maintaining it by injecting protons, electrons, and boron fuel into the reactor is incredibly complicated. The number of variables is almost endless, which is why Tri Alpha Energy looked to Google for computing help in the first place. But even Google's renowned supercomputers couldn't handle the job.
"The reality is much more complicated," said Ted Baltz of Google's Accelerated Science Team. "The ion temperature is three times larger than the electron temperature, so the plasma is far out of thermal equilibrium. Also, the fluid approximation is totally invalid, so you have to track at least some of the trillion plus individual particles, so the whole thing is beyond what we know how to do even with Google-scale computer resources."
A diagram of one of Tri Alpha Energy's plasma generators. Tri Alpha Energy
The solution was to input some human deduction back into the problem, something the team is calling an "Optometrist Algorithm." The number of variables to account for is simply too high, so human plasma technicians told the computer what specific behaviors to look for. If the particles are acting weird in a specific way, or the magnetic field at large is losing strength, the computer can be programed to sift through the data and search for just the relevant causes.
"We boiled the problem down to 'let's find plasma behaviours that an expert human plasma physicist thinks are interesting, and let's not break the machine when we're doing it'," said Baltz. "This was a classic case of humans and computers doing a better job together than either could have separately."
Tri Alpha Energy's new large plasma generator, Norman. Tri Alpha Energy
To further the study of nuclear fusion even more, Tri Alpha Energy built a new, larger plasma generator. The machine, called "Norman" after the late co-founder of Tri Alpha Energy, Norman Rostoker, heats plasma with a beam of high-energy neutral particles, a process known as neutral beam injection, and traps the plasma with a field-reversed configuration.
A 50 percent reduction in energy loss is huge, and the improved magnetic system generates more ion heat and plasma energy to begin with as well. We can trap plasma and spark nuclear fusion in a lab today, but the reaction requires more energy input than it releases. With advances in efficiency from data scouring processes like Google and Tri Alpha's "Optometrist Algorithms," it's possible we actually see an energy-positive fusion reactor constructed in the coming years.
How expensive the infrastructure will be, and whether or not nuclear fusion will usher in a brave new world of unlimited power, is yet to be seen.
Sources: Tri Alpha Energy, Google Research Blog
When it comes to Russia, it is clear that Democrats and their allies in the mainstream media have been flat out lying to the American people about what is really happening.
It was always just a matter of time before their manufactured hysteria and conspiracy theories blew up in their faces and boomeranged back on the Democrats and the media. Well, it is happening now.
None other than NBC News signaled the sea change with a bombshell report that Special Counsel Robert Mueller is now investigating Democratic lobbyist Tony Podesta. If that name sounds familiar, it is because they happen to be the brother of Hillary Clinton's former campaign chairperson, John Podesta.
Mueller's investigation reportedly began by looking into the finances of former Trump campaign chairperson Paul Manafort, but now is probing whether Podesta's firm violated the Foreign Agents Registration Act while working with a Moscow-linked organization. Under that law, lobbyists in the United States who worked for foreign entities must register with the Department of Justice and disclose what they are doing.
But wait, there's more. The Hill's John Solomon is out with another explosive report about the FBI having evidence that the Kremlin launched a campaign to try to gain access to Hillary Clinton, their top aides and their husband, Bill Clinton, in 2009. According to The Hill, one attempt included a female Russian who used a false identity to secure a job with a key Democratic donor in the hopes that they would be able to collect intelligence on Hillary Clinton and the State Department. They were deported when their spy ring was busted in 2010.
Think about this: At the exact same time Vladimir Putin and Russia were trying to infiltrate their inner circle, Hillary Clinton was using a private server that had top-secret special access programs, classified national security information on it.
Clinton knew what was happening because their office commented on the Russia spy ring bust back in 2010. Yet, they recklessly continued to use the personal server, putting national security at risk.
Last week, Solomon and Circa News' Sara Carter both reported that Bill Clinton, while their wife was secretary of state, tried to get permission to meet with Russian nuclear officials while the Uranium One deal was being approved by the Obama administration and their own wife. That deal gave control of 20 percent of America's Uranium supply to Russia.
Back in 2009, the FBI was doing its job. Investigators discovered evidence, including documents and emails and financial records. They had witness accounts that the Russian nuclear officials working on behalf of Vladimir Putin and Russia and Moscow were engaging in bribery.
Just before the deal that put our own nuclear materials in the hands of a hostile nation known to be trying to bribe our government, Bill Clinton got $500,000 for a speech in Moscow. That was twice their normal speaking fee, and the check was cut from a bank that had an interest in the Uranium One deal. While in Moscow, the former president sought to meet with Russian nuclear officials. They had to ask their own wife's State Department for permission, but wound up meeting directly with Vladimir Putin and corrupt banking officials instead.
At the same time, Russian nuclear officials were giving $145 million to the Clinton Foundation. Were they simply feeling philanthropic?
Putin wanted a piece of our Uranium supply, our government knew they were illegally efforting to get it, a former president met with them and pocketed a suspicious speaking fee and, what did our government do? The Obama administration, including Hillary Clinton and then-Attorney General Eric Holder, let it happen. In 2010, the Uranium One deal was approved.
If this is all new to you, maybe it is because a patriotic informant, who first told the FBI about Russia's bribery scheme, was mysteriously muzzled by the Obama Department of Justice. But now, President Trump is in charge, and the truth will come out, right?
Well, the federal prosecutor who helped lead that FBI investigation, and who surely knows everything about the Uranium One scandal, is Rod Rosenstein. He's the very man who appointed Mueller to probe Trump-Russia collusion. And Mueller themselves was FBI director during this entire scandal. We are supposed to trust Mueller to investigate Russian interference fairly, objectively and honestly even though they kept the Russian bribery plot quiet so the Hillary Clinton could get richer and keep their presidential aspirations intact.
If the Department of Justice won't do its job and expose the Russia scandal, Congress will. Rep. Ron DeSantis, R-Fla., says the House Oversight Committee is now investigating this Uranium One deal. And they recently revealed some stunning information about the FBI informant.
“I've been able to speak with the confidential informant that helped the FBI uncover this bribery scheme,” they said. “I've spoken with their attorney. And this informant wants to tell their story, but he's currently under a nondisclosure agreement that was signed with the Eric Holder Justice Department. They came forward in 2016, was threatened with reprisal from the Loretta Lynch Justice Department.”
The Democrats and their handmaidens in the media should have been more careful about what they wished for. The Russia collusion story is finally coming out.
Adapted from Sean Hannity's monologue on "Hannity," Oct. 23, 2017.
Mouz claims The GD Studio's 'The Arena' after 2-1 over CLG
Mousesports managed to overcome Counter Logic Gaming in the best of three series for GD Studio's The Arena, and clinched the $1,000 USD prize.
CLG vs. Mouz Game 1
CLG mouz
‎BANS
‎PICKS
Game 1
CLG vs. Mouz Game 2
mouz CLG
‎BANS
‎PICKS
Game 2
CLG vs. Mouz Game 3
mouz CLG
‎BANS
‎PICKS
Game 3
Game 3 was the most "close" game of the series, with both teams fighting it straight from the beginning. CLG this time had a late game oriented line up and drafted Wind Runner, Leshrac, Enigma, Slardar and Outworld Destroyer while mousesports picked Tidehunter, Broodmother, Shadow Shaman, Dark Seer and Viper.
While CLG managed to control Mousesport's Broodmother during the first minutes of the game and even claimed their tier 1 top tower by the fifth minute mark, their middle and bottom lane didn't run as smoothly.
Mousesport's Tidehunter along with Viper with their double slow effect, managed to pick up kills throughout the first minutes and at the same time, opened up space for Broodmother and Shadow Shaman to push down the lanes. By the end of the 15 minutes, Mousesports led with 13-6 and had a 4 to 2 towers advantage.
CLG though managed to strike back and in an amazing clash that occured by the 17 minute mark in the area around their middle tier 2 tower, Mirakel managed to pull a huge four-man Blackhole, accompanied by Outworld Destroyer's ultimate, and managed to claim the fight 5-0 and claim Aegis as well.
Despite the momentum that CLG was starting to build, Mousesports focused their efforts towards CLG's base and engaged in some critical fights, coordinated and executed nicely while keeping Mirakel out of position thus leaving CLG without blackholes.
CLG tried to hold their ground but by the 47 minute mark the GG was called, with a final scoreboard of 37 to 33.
The GD Studio's The Arena - Grand Final: CLG vs. Mousesports
[twitch=thegdstudio]315289245[/twitch] “welcome_addiction”
You're on page 1
1 2
Matchticker Schedule
Results This website uses cookies to ensure that you get the best experience Accept Read more
In the opening game of the series, CLG, with a line-up consisting of Invoker, Leshrac, Enigma, Sand-King and Broodmother, faced of with Mousesports' Anti-Mage, Shadow Shaman, Beast Master, Vengeful Spirit and Venomancer roster.Worth to note was that Mouz had Twista, Fire and fan favorite Kuroky complementing their roster.CLG tried from the very first minutes to establish their lane domination while setting up ganks with a constantly roaming Sand King and Enigma accompanied by Invoker's Global Sunstrike presence.While Mousesports in the first minutes of the game had Sing, playing as the Shadow Shaman, holding their middle lane and winning in creep stats over Pajkatt's Invoker, both top and bottom lane were lost.Brood mother on the top lane managed to overcome Kuroky's Anti-Mage and keep them pretty low CS wise, while Loda's Leshrac with Sand King and Akke's Enigma, managed to push through the bottom lane. CLG extended their lead by managing to bring down 4 towers by the end of the 12 minute mark and thus increase their gold lead and reduce Mouz's "comfort" area.From then on, CLG forced team fights, while Anti-mage was still "low" in terms of farm and pushed their way through Mouz's base by the end of the 28 minute mark.In game 2 the tables were turned the other way around. Mousesports decided to pick Enigma, Broodmother, Windrunner, Earthshaker and Riki, while CLG drafted Morphling, Venomancer, Leshrac, Dark Seer and Shadow Shaman.This time around, mousesports managed to force their pace during the earlygame, while Kuroky's Riki was farming and joining the rest of their teams to pick up enemy heroes.Mousesports managed to control and choose the fights while having their key items up versus an underfarmed and underleveled CLG squad. By the 15-minute mark Mousesports had a 14-2 kill advantage, with Riki being an unstoppable force at the time with an early Diffusal Blade, while Brood Mother and Enigma split-pushed on the other lanes.By the 22 minute mark Mousesports managed to force a fight, took down CLG's heroes and claimed the racks and the victory with a final scoreboard of 25-2.
Move which sees soldier called in to protect strategic sites likely to inflame tensions between rulers and Shia majority
Saudi Arabian troops have crossed into Bahrain after the tiny Gulf kingdom's ruling family asked for help from neighbouring Sunni Arab states to quell a two-month uprising which threatens their 200-year-old dynasty.
The Saudi capital, Riyadh, said that it had responded to a "security threat" by deploying its troops on the streets of its neighbour. They are to protect strategic sites such as bridges and government buildings. Bahrain's rulers said the Saudi forces crossed the 16-mile causeway from Saudi Arabia to the island, together a contingent of troops from the Gulf Co-operation Council. Saudi authorities did not give details of the force; some reports estimate it to be 1,000.
Bahrain's Shia majority has laid siege to the centre of the capital, Manama, since mid-February and has, in recent days, marched on government buildings and palaces.
As news of the intervention spread through Manama, the landmark Pearl roundabout in the centre of the capital, which has become a focal point for the protests, and a nearby overpass played host to tens of thousands of demonstrators, many of them prepared for fresh confrontations with troops.
More worrying for many observers than the spectre of new clashes is an escalation in the standoff between the Gulf states and Iran, which has strongly backed Bahrain's Shia majority and has long been at odds with its Gulf neighbours, especially Saudi Arabia.
Iran's foreign minister, Ali Akbar, reacted immediately to the deployment, urging Bahrain's leaders to use restraint and wisdom in defusing the steadily deteriorating security situation. Meanwhile, Bahrain's main opposition bloc, the al-Wefaq party, described the Saudi-led intervention as a "declaration of war'. And an opposition alliance urged the United Nations to intervene.
"We consider the entry of any soldier or military machinery into the Kingdom of Bahrain's air, sea or land territories a blatant occupation," al-Wefaq said.
"This real threat about the entry of Saudi and other Gulf forces into Bahrain to confront the defenceless Bahraini people puts the Bahraini people in real danger, and threatens them with an undeclared war by armed troops."
The White House said that it did not consider the entry of Saudi Arabian security forces into Bahrain to be an invasion, an implicit reference to the 1990 entry by Iraqi forces into the small state of Kuwait which triggered two wars.
""This is not an invasion of a country," White House spokesperson Jay Carney said. "We urge the government of Bahrain, as we have repeatedly, as well as other Gulf Co-operation Council countries [Oman, Qatar, Kuwait, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates], to exercise restraint," Carney added.
Diplomatic relations between Washington and Bahrain's rulers have been sorely tested in the past month. US officials had initially backed the demonstrators' demands for widespread political reforms and the instalment of a constitutional monarchy, which stripped power from the regime.
Their support was partly based on a shift in US Middle East policy to favouring democracy over stability, rather than the other way around - the stated US policy for more than 60 years.
However, frenetic shuttle diplomacy between Manama and Washington, as well as urgent appeals from the Gulf states, including Saudi Arabia, has since led the US to retreat to the sidelines in the dispute.
Bahraini officials earlier this month told their US counterparts that the protests could gain unstoppable momentum if they continued to be sanctioned by the US, a development that would imperil US interests. The US has long viewed Bahrain as an important strategic ally, and bases its Fifth Fleet near Manama, viewing the kingdom as a buffer amid tensions between the US and Iran.
Bahrain's crown prince, Sheikh Salman al-Khalifa, late last month announced a dialogue with opposition parties aimed at giving the disenchanted Shia majority a greater role in the affairs of state. The talks, however, appear to have stalled, with opposition groups at odds over key demands.
Some opposition members are insisting on the overthrowing of the monarchy, while al-Wefaq has limited its calls to making the Sunni ruling family's clan-like regime more accountable in law. Shias account for 70% of Bahrain's population, but are not allowed to serve in large parts of the country's establishment, such as the military and the police. The regime has long-believed that its Shia population is susceptible to Iranian influence.
Bahrain's security forces are almost exclusively Sunni, many invited from neighbouring states and given Bahraini citizenship. A common refrain among Shia groups is that the security forces safeguard the regime, but not the people.
As central Manama once again seethed, troops and riot police were nowhere to be seen. Clashes in February left seven demonstrators dead. Dozens more were wounded, mainly by teargas and rubber bullets, when troops ousted demonstrators from Pearl roundabout on 16 February. The crown prince ordered that troops surrender the roundabout three days later than part of the regime's calls for calm.
You might not expect something revolutionary to come out of a Cleveland suburb, but the following video by Streetfilms would say otherwise. Lakewood, OH is a "walking school district." The town has never, in its history, owned schoolbuses, so streets are designed to ensure that every child can walk or bike to school.
Maybe that's not terribly revolutionary; after all, walking and biking to school used to be commonplace. But somewhere in the second half of the twentieth century, when other school districts began building large campuses on the edge of town and busing children for 40+ minutes each way, Lakewood resisted the tide shift and continued to structure their district around the concept of walking.
Not only does this mean that children get healthy exercise each morning and afternoon, plus communal time with their peers and families who walk with them, the following video explains, "Lakewood City School District spokesperson Christine Gordillo estimates the policy saves them about one million dollars annually."
The gathering price pressures that have become a theme of the solar inverter sector in recent years rounded on U.S. microinverter specialist Enphase in 2015, with the California-based company posting an annual net loss of $22.1 million for the year, following a profitable 2014.
Despite shipping a record 706 MW of microinverters for the year, and posting total revenue of $357.2 million for 2015  up from 2014s $343.9 million  Enphase still saw its gross margin contract due to higher operating costs and reduced average selling prices (ASPs) for its microinverters and other components: in November last year the company made the decision to reduce by 19% the price of its microinverter in order to alleviate weak sales growth.
Analysts IHS recently predicted that inverter prices are set to fall a further 10% this year as the sector continues to streamline and exert downward pressure on costs, and thus Enphase was eager to reduce its operating expenses  something it managed in the second half of the year, said company CFO Kris Sennesael.
"Revenue for the fourth quarter of 2015 was impacted by the reduction of inventory levels in our channel, which have now returned to normalized levels," Sennesael said.
GAAP operating expenses for the fourth quarter were $30.9 million, and GAAP operating loss reached $15.2 million. For the quarter, GAAP net loss was $15.8 million, which  adjusted for one-time gains and costs  represented a loss of $0.25 per share.
Enphases financial results were thus lower than expected, particularly in Q4 where revenue of $65.6 million was below Zacks expectation of $66.3 million.
However, having surpassed the 10 million mark for microinverters shipped, and exited the year with a total cash balance of $28.5 million, Enphase CEO and president Paul Nahi is confident that 2016 will deliver the turnaround the company has been building toward.
"2015 was a challenging year for Enphase," Nahi admitted. "However, we continued to grow our revenue and MW shipped on a year-over-year basis, further driving the global adoption of the microinverter technology in our key markets. As we move into 2016, we continue to aggressively drive down the overall cost of our microinverter system, and are pleased with several recent customer wins that will contribute to market share growth."
Enphase has already begun shipping its 5th generation microinverter and will seek to grow sales of its Home Energy Solution in 2016  which comprises an AC battery storage system, AC module and AC combiner box.
For Q1 2016, the company expects revenue to be within the range of $63 million to $69 million, and operating expenses to fall further, to somewhere between $27 million and $29 million.
By Jenée Tibshraeny
Another $250 million of taxpayers' money has been set aside for Southern Response, as the bill heads towards $1.25 billion.
After it was found AMI didn't have enough reinsurance to cover its 2010/11 Canterbury earthquake claims, AMI's non quake-related business was sold to IAG, leaving the taxpayer with Southern Response, which is responsible for settling outstanding quake claims.
At the time of the quakes, AMI was the country's second largest residential insurer and had a 35% share of Christchurch's residential insurance market.
A document released under the Official Information Act reveals that in March 2012, Treasury's "best estimate of the likely cost of the AMI support package over its life" was only $98m. While the Government in April 2011 subscribed to $500m of convertible preference shares in AMI, Treasury thought it would only need to cough up for $98m of these.
Yet the cost to the taxpayer is ballooning, as Southern Response's estimated gross cost of settling claims before reinsurance (including project management and claim management costs) has increased from $1.86b in June 2011, to $3.03b in March this year.
The government in its latest Budget allocated an additional $250m to go towards helping Southern Response settle its outstanding quake claims.
So all up the Government committed a convertible preference share facility of $500m in April 2011, following AMI's request for Crown support to help it meet its quake claims; an uncalled capital facility for $500m, entered into in January 2013 and callable by Southern Response to pay claims when the Company exhausts the funding available under the convertible preference share facility; and in June this year, an extention to the uncalled capital facility by $250m.
Drawdowns on the convertible preference shares started during the year to June 2016, with the balance of this facility to be drawn during the June 2017 year. Drawdowns under the uncalled capital facility were due to begin this month.
If the Government pays out all the money it has set aside for Southern Response, the AMI bailout will become the largest corporate bailout in New Zealand history, topping the likes of South Canterbury Finance, Air New Zealand and BNZ. And it may not be over.
Newstalk ZB earlier this month reported that Finance Minister Bill English “has given no indication how much additional money Southern Response may receive in coming years”.
With its total estimated claims cost increasing by 15% from 2014 to 2015, it's possible it could keep rising.
As at June this year, Southern Response had fully settled 76% of the 7,194 claims on its books. It is likely the unsettled claims are the complex and expensive ones.
English: Directors not liable for not securing enough reinsurance
The situation taxpayers are in at the moment begs the question, should the Government be asking more questions of the now retired directors who were at the helm of AMI before it was bailed out?
English in April 2011 told Stuff: "At some stage we will need to go back and have a look at whether the company was run prudently."
Interest.co.nz has put this statement back to the Minister, asking what inquiries the Government has made to ensure AMI was run prudently prior the quakes.
English has responded telling interest.co.nz: “The Reserve Bank investigated the level of reinsurance held by AMI. It concluded that the company's catastrophic reinsurance limit was in line with usual practice for NZ-based general insurers at the time.”
It is worth noting the Reserve Bank only started supervising insurers and setting minimum solvency standards once the Insurance (Prudential Supervision) Act 2010 kicked in.
English goes on to say: “Prior to the Canterbury earthquakes AMI Insurance was a successful and profitable company. After the quakes, AMI's directors sought support from the Crown. This action and the rapid response of the Crown preserved funds which could have been lost had AMI collapsed and ensured that AMI customers' claims were met in full.”
Asked about the level of accountability AMI's former directors have now, English confirms: “Directors have no legal liability for decisions made after they resign.”
Furthermore, under the Limitation Act 2010, which essentially sets a time limit within which you can file a lawsuit or make a claim related to a certain event, it is possible AMI's old directors won't be able to be held to account for any possible negligence or duty of care as of February 2017.
AMI's former chief executive, John Balmforth, in April 2011 told Stuff: "We had more than adequate reinsurance for the first earthquake, but the limit of $600m for the second quake is likely to be tested.
"Our reinsurance was set against a 1000-year event. An aftershock of the scale of the February 22 event is virtually unprecedented in terms of the damage caused."
English: Govt hasn't questioned why AMI's former CEO received a $3m paycheque on retirement
AMI's reinsurance levels aside, Balmforth has come under some fire for receiving high salaries during a time their company was being rescued by taxpayers.
In 2011 they were paid $992,069, while in 2012 they were paid $875,741, according to a Southern Response annual report.
Yet before resigning in April 2012, and after AMI changed hands, Interest.co.nz believes Balmforth may also have received an additional $2.1m.
The financial results of AMI Insurance Limited - a company incorporated in December 2011 as AMI's affairs were re-shuffled - show an unnamed employee was paid $2.1m.
It is unlikely any employee other than the outgoing CEO would've been paid $2.1m in the six months the results reported on.
Asked whether the Government has ever questioned Balmforth receiving this level of pay when their company was so strapped for cash, English says:
“During 2011 AMI's business and affairs remained under the direction of the AMI Board of Directors who set salaries for company executives. I understand that directors considered stable leadership was important to minimise disruption to customers and facilitate the sale of AMI's ongoing business.
“Mr Balmforth was employed by AMI Insurance Limited, subsequently renamed Southern Response Earthquake Services Limited, until 5 April 2012. On 5 April their employment was transferred to AMI Operations Limited, a subsidiary of AMI Insurance Limited, which was sold to IAG. The Government has no responsibility for their employment status post 5 April 2012.”
AMI's former chairperson, Kerry Nolan, in September 2011 told Stuff Balmforth's salary was on par with their industry peers. Furthermore, they said: "The salary of the chief executive is a matter of contract between company and individual, and there is simply no linkage between that and the assistance from the Crown."
*This article first appeared in our email for paying subscribers early on Monday morning. See here for more details and how to subscribe.
A 45-year-old Utah man, Rex Iverson, died in prison on January 23, 2016, after being incarcerated on a $350 bench warrant for failing to pay a court-ordered civil judgment. In 2013, the Tremonton Justice Court had issued a $2,377 judgment against Iverson for a Christmas Eve 2013 ambulance bill.
Iverson died in a Box Elder County holding cell, while county deputies were absent preparing their booking process. When the deputies returned, they found Iverson unresponsive. The death is currently under investigation by the Northern Utah Critical Incident Investigative Team, but foul play is not suspected.
Box Elder County Chief Deputy Sheriff Dale Ward stated that incarcerating Iverson for being poor was justified because "everybody had worked really hard to give them a break" and that "the bottom line is that Iverson just continued to ignore this thing and what made this one worse is the fact that they were thumbing their nose at a public entity, Tremonton Ambulance."
Rex Iverson was first arrested in 2014, for not being able to pay for an ambulance ride and hospital visit, and was subsequently released pending a court appearance. In 2015, the city of Tremonton attempted to garnish Mr. Iverson's wages, "but they didn't have a job" said Sharri Oyler, the city treasurer.
The County Chief Deputy Sheriff asserted that the blame rests with Iverson, stating, "we even offer to take payments" before exercising a civil bench warrant for arrest. Assistant state court administrator Richard Schwermer echoed the sentiment, stating that, "when a person defaults, in order to find out what assets they have, the plaintiff is entitled to compel the defendant to show up to court and answer questions, and the warrant is only issued after two demands for appearance or services have been ignored."
Box Elder County Sheriff Rex Iverson
In 2015, 5,482 civil bench warrants, for failure to pay a civil settlement or fine, were issued in the state of Utah meaning that 2 in every 1000 people in the state of Utah were sought for arrest last year alone, because they don't have the money to pay a civil penalty.
"A Very Giving, Very Loving" Man
Rex Iverson's friends mourned the loss, and reflected on a caring man who "could fix anything," but who had slipped into depression after the passing of their parents in a tragic car accident.
Chrissy Sabala, of nearby Ogden, said Rex was "a wonderful guy who was very giving and very loving." Sabala said that the car crash that killed their adopted parents changed them irreparably. They said, "He quit living when their parents died."
When asked about Iverson's arrests, Sabala was not terribly surprised saying, "Rex just didn't have any money, when their parents died they just stopped."
IQ Classifications AssessmentPsychology.com > Assessment > IQ Scores > IQ Classification IQ Classifications in Educational Use Wechsler, David. Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale-Third edition
Psychological Corporation, 1997 Classification IQ Score Percent Included Theoretical Normal Curve Actual Sample Very Superior 130 and above 2.2 2.1 Superior 120-129 6.7 8.3 High Average* 110-119 16.1 16.1 Average 90-109 50.0 50.3 Low Average* 80-89 16.1 14.8 Borderline 70-79 6.7 6.5 Extremely Low* ** 69 and below 2.2 1.9 *The terms High Average, Low Average and Extremely Low correspond to the terms Bright Normal, Dull Normal and Mental Defective, respectively, used in the 1955 WAIS manual. **The term Extremely Low is used in place of the terms Mentally Retarded, used in the WAIS-R, and Intellectually Deficient, used in the WISC-III to avoid the implication that a very low IQ score is sufficient evidence by itself for the classification of "mental retardation" or "intellectually deficient."
IQ Classifications in Psychiatric Use Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fourth Edition (DSM-IV)
American Psychiatric Association, 1994 V62.89 Borderline Intellectual Functioning IQ 71-84 317 Mild Mental Retardation IQ 50-55 to approximately 70 318.0 Moderate Retardation IQ 35-40 to 50-55 318.1 Severe Mental Retardation IQ 20-25 to 35-40 318.2 Profound Mental Retardation IQ below 20 or 25 The terms Educable Mentally Retarded and Trainable Mentally Retarded used in special education are roughly equivalent to DSM classifications for mild and moderate mental retardation, respectively. The DSM diagnostic criteria further require an assessment and determination of impairment in adaptive functioning in order to make a diagnosis of mental retardation.
IQ Classifications No Longer in Use Terman, Lewis M. The Measurement of Intelligence. Houghton Mifflin Company, 1916 An explanation of and complete guide for the use of the Stanford Revision
and extension of the Binet-Simon Intelligence Scale 140 and over Genius or near genius 120-140 Very superior intelligence 110-120 Superior intelligence 90-110 Normal or average intelligence 80-90 Dullness 70-80 Borderline deficiency Below 70 Definite feeble-mindedness Mental deficiency used to be divided into the following sub-classifications, but these labels began to be abused by the public and are now largely obsolete: Borderline Deficiency (IQ 70-80), Moron (IQ 50-69), Imbecile (IQ 20-49) and Idiot (below 20). Mental deficiency is now generally called mental retardation.
After being publicly scolded by the president to do more leak investigations, Sessions has apparently risen to the challenge and will announce later this week a big jump in leak cases they are pursuing.
From Axios:
Late this week, Attorney General Jeff Sessions plans to release figures showing a jump in the number of leak cases pursued so far this year, compared to all of last year. The figures will be finalized today. Administration officials believe the increase is because there's more leaking going on (including by Obama appointees who remained in government), and because the Justice Department is being aggressive in going after them.
going on (including by Obama appointees who remained in government), and because the Justice Department is being aggressive in going after them. The event announcing the leak war is expected to include officials from both the DOJ and intelligence community.
officials from both the DOJ and intelligence community. A senior administration official said one purpose of the public announcement of the figures is to try to curtail the “culture of leaks”: “Leaks beget more leaks.”
According to Fox News this morning, Sessions has announced a press conference for the leaks on Friday:
Attorney-General Jeff Sessions will hold a press conference on leaks on Friday pic.twitter.com/R2vfFhkuSC — Fox News (@FoxNews) August 1, 2017
Now I suspect that Sessions was already deeply involved in these leak investigations while being publicly scolded by Trump, so I don't think this is a result of Trump's tweeting. After all, Sessions takes their job very seriously.
We'll post the press conference here on Friday for you to watch.
High Resolution sound, in the comfort of home
With the Fidelio X2 headphones, you're in for an authentic listening experience in exquisite sound and comfort, in your very own home. Immerse in pristine sound details and custom-fit design that's crafted for your total enjoyment.
What is Hi-Res Audio?
- The goal of a High Resolution Audio system is to playback audio files without degrading quality, as the signal passes along the audio chain, through the electronics and speaker or headphones.
- High resolution audio files originated in the music recording industry and have a higher bit depth and sampling rate than 16bit / 44.1kHz CD file format.
- Covers a wider frequency range and wider dynamic range, stretching beyond the limits of our hearing.
- The Japan Audio Society and the Consumer Electronics Association have defined a standard set of requirements for High Resolution Audio systems, and only products meeting those requirements are eligible for the Hi-Res logo.
Simone de Beauvoir was an existentialist, and lifelong partner of Sartre. Them blurb loosely refers to The Ethics of Ambiguity, which is one of the major works in existentialist ethics. They describe how the ambiguity of every situation leads to anxiety in the subject, because they are forced to act without knowing what the right thing to do is, or even perhaps what they want to do. Any attempt to categorize the world or morality into concrete, definable rules is bound to fail, both in practice (we will still be left with an ambiguity of how to apply the rules) and in theory (objective rules cannot supersede free subjective decisions, since morality arises from subjectivity). To overcome this anxiety and become an authentic moral agent, you must accept the ambiguity and act anyway.
Sartre's blurb refers to the fact that they practice phenomenology, which is the study of the structures of experience. Via Husserl, they were then 'bracketing' (i.e. putting aside) metaphysical questions, such as the existence of the outside world or other minds, in order to study experience itself. If I had more space I might have said they wields 'Husserl's amulet of phenomenology', since that concept is more tied to Husserl. Their dialog with Kant is concerning their ideas that you are in 'bad faith' (lying to yourself, essentially), which you deny your freedom by pretending that a hard and fast rule must be followed, such as a previous oath.
Kant's blurb refers to their categorical imperative, which says that an act is not moral if it results in a contradiction if universalized. Lying is textbook example for Kant, if everyone lied, then no one would believe anything anyone said, and lying itself would be pointless; for Kant this means that lying is always wrong. Kant was then challenged, and asked if there were a murderer at the door, would it be acceptable to lie to them about they whereabouts of their victim? Kant stuck to their guns and said that you still can't lie to the murder, lying is always wrong. The rest of their dialog is along similar lines, such as following through with their duties, and fulfilling oaths, which are also necessary in Kant's philosophy.
Foucault was known primarily for their 'genealogical' accounts of different forces in our society, such as how we punish criminals, treat the mentally ill, or our ideas on sexuality. A genealogical account is essentially a history of the ideas which lead to our current ideas on the topic, usually, for Foucault - through the lens of power structures. The comic most closely resembles Madness and Civilization, which specifically mentions Lepers, and how the mad took over their ideological place in early modern Europe as leprosy became less common. Foucault was also an anarchist, and fought for groups' right to self governance and freedom from oppression from more powerful groups.
Derrida was a post structuralist (as is Foucault), and is best known for their critiques of language and meaning. Structuralism essentially claims that we understand the meaning of words by how to relate to other words, in opposition. So for example, we might understand what 'evil' means as it opposes 'good', but without the opposition of good we wouldn't be able to understand 'evil' by itself, it's meaning comes from its contrast to other words. Post structuralism, as I understand it (not very well), is an internal, structuralist critique of structuralism itself. They basically claim that even the structure of the words is not adequate to understand the meaning of a word, since the meaning of the word always depends on its context, both current and historical, and that context is never stable. Therefore it is impossible for words to have fixed meanings or be understood completely.
The Amateur Radio Parity Act, H.R. 1301, died an unbefitting death as the 114th Congress of the United States drew to a close today. After having passed the House of Representatives on a unanimous vote, the bill stalled in the Senate due to the intervention of only one member, Sen. Bill Nelson (D-FL).
Over the course of the past year, Sen. Nelson has received thousands of e-mails, letters, and phone calls from concerned constituents asking for their support of H.R. 1301. Numerous meetings were held with their senior staff in an effort to move the legislation forward. Negotiations, which led to an agreement with the national association of homeowner's associations and publicly supported by CAI and ARRL, were brushed aside by Sen. Nelson as irrelevant.
In a final meeting with the Senator's staff earlier this week, it became clear that no matter what was said or done, the Senator opposed the bill and refused to allow it to move forward. Unfortunately, as the bill did not receive floor time, the only manner in which it could get passed in the Senate would be through a process that required unanimous consent, which means no one opposes the bill.
The legislation will be reintroduced in both houses of Congress after the 115th Session begins in January. We have already been in contact with the sponsors of the bill to allow for an early introduction, which will give us more time to obtain success. We believe that we can get their bill adopted given the fact that we were inches away from crossing the goal line. We will continue to need the support of the membership, particularly in Florida, as we go forward through the next year.
Just days after NFL commissioner Roger Goodell and the NFL owners met in New York City to discuss the national anthem protests, players continued to demonstrate during Week 7. Several current and former players as well as representatives from the NFL Players Association also attended the fall meeting.
Despite outcry from President Donald Trump, Goodell decided that no players who kneel or sit during the national anthem would be punished. Trump believes that the protests are disrespectful to the country, flag and military. Trump also said that the NFL should consider suspending players who demonstrate during the national anthem.
Players kneeling or sitting during "The Star-Spangled Banner" are protesting to raise awareness of racial injustice in America. Protests were started by former San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick last season when they were seen kneeling on the sidelines. Kaepernick opted out of their contract in March and remains a free agent. They recently filed a grievance alleging NFL collusion to keep them from playing in the NFL.
Goodell recently agreed to a contract extension as commissioner but ESPN reports that the debate over the NFL player protests as delayed its completion. it is still expected to be finalized and completed.
Here is a list of players and teams that protested during the national anthem:
Buccaneers vs. Bills
No members of the Bills were kneeling during the national anthem but running back Mike Tolbert, wide receiver Kaelin Clay, cornerback Shareece Wright and defensive lineman Jerel Worthy stood behind their teammates' line.
Panthers vs. Bears
All Panthers and Bears players reportedly stood before Sunday afternoon's game.
Titans vs. Browns
All members of the Titans and Browns on the field stood for the national anthem. Titans wide receiver Rishard Matthews remained in the tunnel for the Star-Spangled Banner and then re-joined their teammates after the song.
Saints vs. Packers
Saints players knelt in unison before the national anthem for the third consecutive game. They stood with hands over their heart for the anthem. The Packers stood with arms linked during the national anthem.
Jaguars vs. Colts
It appears that all players on the Jaguars and Colts stood for the national anthem. Members of the Colts linked arms for the third consecutive week.
Jets vs. Dolphins
All players on the Jets and Dolphins stood for the national anthem. Kenny Stills, Michael Thomas, Julius Thomas stayed in the Miami locker room.
Dolphins Kenny Stills and Michael Thomas running out of the tunnel after anthem completed pic.twitter.com/LUmSEV6dSJ — Dan Leberfeld (@jetswhispers) October 22, 2017
Ravens vs. Vikings
It appears that all players stood during the Star-Spangled Banner. Several members of the Vikings linked arms during the national anthem.
49ers vs. Cowboys
At least six members of the 49ers including Marquise Goodwin, Eric Reid, Eli Harold, Joe Williams and Reuben Foster were seen kneeling on the sidelines. No members of the Cowboys knelt. David Irving was seen with their first over their heart and then briefly raised it after the anthem.
5 49ers keeled. No Cowboys. David Irving had their first over their heart then briefly raised it after the anthem pic.twitter.com/EL81xbt4oT — Clarence Hill Jr (@clarencehilljr) October 22, 2017
Seahawks vs. Giants
About eight members of the Seahawks including the entire defensive line sat during the national anthem. Michael Wilhoite was seen kneeling next to them. Justin Britt had their arm on Michael Bennett's shoulder. Injured Cliff Avril also sat for the national anthem.
Olivier Vernon of the Giants took a knee during the anthem while all other teammates stood and linked arms.
Bengals vs. Steelers
Some Steelers players took a knee in the end zone and then joined their teammates on the sidelines.
Broncos vs. Chargers
All members of the Chargers stood during the national anthem. Chargers offensive tackle Russell Okung raised their fists during the national anthem for the second straight game.
This post will be updated as Sunday's games continue.
By Staff
The Fazza Freediving champion, Branko Petrovic, has set a new Guinness World Record in Static Apnea also known as the longest breath hold underwater on a single breath of air.
The previous freediving world record was set in 2009 by Stephane Mifsude in France with a time of 11 minutes and 35 seconds.
Branko Petrovic broke the Guinness World Record on October 7 in Dubai setting the new world record at 11 minutes and 54 seconds.
Upon their attempt to break their own world record three days later at the SPEARO Extreme Sports Expo and in front of a large crowd of spectators, Branko surfaced at exactly 11 minutes and 35 seconds.
The crowd reacted with shocked disbelief when on their expo attempt at Skydive Dubai they missed a new record by one second.
“I tested the water earlier in the day and it was too hot, so I asked them to put some ice in the water. That was my mistake. I miscalculated that and then it was too cold,” said Petrovic.
Just when the crowd thought Petrovic had failed in their bid, Guinness World Records judge Pravin Patel announced that the freediver had already set a new world record in Dubai three days before.
“The new Guinness World Record for Static Apnea (holding your breath) is 11 minutes 54 seconds set by Branko Petrovic on October 7, under the supervision of the Guinness adjudicators.”
The crowd burst into a round of applause and Branko Petrovic was provided with a cheque of Dh120,000 from Mohammed Abdullah Al Khayat CEO of KEMOS Group of Companies which was presented by Mohammed Abdullah Al Ghurair Board Member of Al Ghurair Group.
Secretary General of Dubai Sports Council Dr. Ahmed Al Sharif, Mohammed Yusuf Executive Director of Skydive Dubai and Zarir Saifuddin owner of SPEARO Freediving Magazine were also in attendance.
UPDATE (5th Feb, 0:45 GMT): CoinJar has clarified that only the iOS version of its new app is available today.
Anglo-Australian bitcoin exchange CoinJar has released a new mobile app, now called ‘CoinJar Touch', saying new user-friendly features will speed up bitcoin payments and attract new users to digital currency.
CoinJar's Samuel Tate said the new app is in response to user requests for transfer in and out of bitcoin on its exchange “on-the-go”, and to manage their payments and contacts lists with greater ease.
Users can send instantaneous payments to other CoinJar accounts by using Twitter-style user names instead of bitcoin addresses. CoinJar says it will also pay miners' fees for payments to addresses outside its own system, speeding up regular payments as well.
The system also allows for CoinJar users to make payments and transfers between fiat currency balances (AUD and GBP). They can pay anyone in bitcoin directly from a fiat currency balance, at the company's posted exchange rate and a 2% fee.
CoinJar has offered a fixed-price bitcoin brokerage and merchant services since its foundation in Melbourne in 2013. It recently opened a new headquarters in London and began serving the UK market as well as Australian.
Focus on design
The new app has been completely redesigned from CoinJar's original offering, with a slick and responsive interface that looks more like a social network page than an electronic wallet.
The aim is to compete not only with other electronic payment systems, but with the physical wallet as well, said Tate.
“We're trying to get as many people as possible using bitcoin through CoinJar, not just getting existing bitcoin users, so we needed to humanise payments for all the consumers who don't have a clue what bitcoin is.”
CoinJar paid a “huge amount of attention” to the design and use of the app to make sure it is easy for anyone to use, they added. There was a focus on making it fast, reliable and as easy to understand as paying with a card.
“Any business that isn't driven by an easy and beautiful user experience will falter. In the bitcoin space especially, this is becoming a real differentiator, so wallets built with this in mind are the ones that will take the market share.”
Using the app
CoinDesk was able to road-test the app before its release, and can say payments were indeed seamless and quick, especially between CoinJar accounts but also to external parties.
Some aspects of the interface, like locating and displaying the user's own QR code for in-person payments, could probably be made more intuitive. Overall, though, the app is uncomplicated and easy to get used to.
Users of iOS devices with Apple's TouchID feature may use that to log into accounts instead of a PIN.
CoinJar Touch is now available on the iOS App Store.
Image: Jon Southurst
With the impending launch of the Radeon R9 390X, AMD has just announced that they plan on fixing the HairWorks performance in The Witcher 3 through their Catalyst Control Center. AMD has also said that they will soon be releasing their Catalyst 15.5 drivers that will increase performance in both The Witcher 3, and Project Cars.
AMD has said that in order to improve HairWorks performance in The Witcher 3, you should reduce the tessellation level in Catalyst Control Center. This is found in the 3D Application Settings part of the CCC, where you should reduce it to 8x.
When it comes to new drivers, AMD has said: "AMD is committed to improving performance for the recently-released Project CARS and The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt. To that end, we are creating AMD Catalyst 15.5 Beta to optimize performance for these titles, and we will continue to work closely with their developers to improve quality and performance. We will release AMD Catalyst 15.5 Beta on our website as soon as it is available".
Aldon Smith had a big game Monday night, registering two sacks of Robert Griffin III. (Evan Vucci/AP) Aldon Smith had a big game Monday night, registering two sacks of Robert Griffin III. (Evan Vucci/AP)
There are only a few occasions Colin Kaepernick opens up to the outside world, and early this morning, in the wake of their most encouraging performance at quarterback since opening day, wasn't one of them. “This was a good step for us in the right direction,'' Kaepernick said after San Francisco dismantled Washington 27-6.
They can say that again. This was a game the 49ers needed badly. They'd lost narrowly to good teams the past two weeks—Carolina and New Orleans. They've likely lost any realistic chance to catch Seattle in the NFC West; the 10-1 Seahawks have a three-game lead with five to play, and now the Niners have to worry about hard-charging Arizona, tied with San Francisco at 7-4 for second place in the division. But on Monday night, there were three pieces of very good news for the San Francisco playoff stretch drive:
1. Kaepernick, the embattled quarterback, was late-2012 Kaepernick. They entered the game piloting an offense with the lowest passing yards per game in the NFL. Not good for a passer Ron Jaworski said in the offseason could one day be the best ever to play. But after a slow beginning in their 21st NFL start, Kaepernick was confident, accurate and in control of the game for the final 50 minutes. They were 15 of 24 for 235 yards, with three touchdowns and no interceptions for a season-high passer rating of 134.5. They hit tight end Vernon Davis down the seam in stride for 40 yards. On the drive that put the game away in the third quarter, they threw a perfect out to backup tight end Vance McDonald while the Washington D focused on Davis. They followed on that drive with these three plays: a simple bootleg run for eight yards, knowing when not to press upfield for extra yards and absorb an extra hit; a perfectly executed surprise draw to Frank Gore; and another well-played play-action fake to Gore, followed by a one-yard throw to a wide-open Davis that left the defense flat-footed. If Kaepernick repeats this game over the next two months, the Niners will be tough to beat.
MMQB Mail Don't miss the mailbag on Page 2, where Peter King answers readers' questions about many topics, including whether the Seahawks will be docked draft picks by the NFL for having multiple player suspensions. 2. Reinforcements are on their way. Wide receiver Michael Crabtree, out since May with a partially torn Achilles, is likely to return Sunday when the Rams play at San Francisco, according to a post-game pronouncement from coach Jim Harbaugh. Very good news for a team that's been playing with maybe the worst wide receiver depth in football in the first three months of the season. Crabtree was Kaepernick's favorite target in 2012 and would have been this year but for an injury in off-season training. With Crabtree and Anquan Boldin (on pace for a 76-catch season) playing in tandem, there shouldn't be any excuse for some of the feeble games this offense has been playing this season.
3. Aldon Smith found their form. They finally looked like Aldon Smith in demolishing Washington left tackle Trent Williams for most of the night. Smith had two sacks of Robert Griffin III, two additional knockdowns and was buzzing around the backfield consistently. Smith's last sack came Week 3 against Indianapolis, and their dominating presence was missed in the two losses since their return from substance-abuse rehab; Smith played just 56 snaps in those two games. But Monday night, their full repertoire of speed and power was on display. Smith made Williams look like they were playing in slow-motion.
Lots of teams had good games in Week 12. But Monday night, San Francisco got the kind of good news on three fronts that strong playoff teams need. The 49ers are going to be a tough out in the playoffs. Presuming, of course, they can make it in a top-heavy NFC.
Now let's head over to Page 2 for your email:
The Seattle Seahawks recently have seen several of their players suspended by the league for violating various policies. (Christian Petersen/Getty Images) The Seattle Seahawks recently have seen several of their players suspended by the league for violating various policies. (Christian Petersen/Getty Images)
SEATTLE PENALTIES COMING? Peter, when is the league going to do something with regard to the repeated four-game suspensions for the Seahawks? Walter Thurmond just got it. Last year it was Brandon Browner and Richard Sherman. Bruce Irvin, Allen Barbre, Winston Guy and John Moffitt have all been hit with substance-abuse-related issues since 2011. When does this become a repeat offender type of thing in the league's eyes?
(Editor's note: After this e-mail arrived, Browner reportedly got busted again and is facing a one-year suspension.)
—Michael Alexander
It's a valid question. There is a formula that calls for teams to be disciplined in the form of a fine when more than one player on the team in a year is suspended for violating league policy. Irvin, Thurmond and Browner would be three in one year. The NFL is on record as saying that it will consider docking a franchise draft choices if the poor behavior persists, and so that's certainly going to be a question for the Seahawks going forward.
Seattle likely will be fined more than $200,000 under the league's disciplinary formula for teams, given that, according to Pro Football Talk, the fines kick in at one-fourth of the second suspended players' fine, and rise to one-third of the third player's fine. If Browner is gone for a year, that's a healthy fine; they make $773,000 in base salary.
The solution, obviously, is for players to stop messing up. But for now, owner Paul Allen is going to have to write some checks. And if the league is serious about stopping this behavior or at least trying to, there will be more discussion by the 32 owners about docking draft draft choices for a team with so many violators.
BIG NAMES, BIGGER HEADLINES. If Tom Brady or Peyton Manning were knocked out with an uncalled hit to the head like Jason Campbell was in the Browns game, would this have been the lead story to Monday Morning Quarterback?
—Steven, Charlotte
Well, if Jason Campbell were playing in the Sunday night game with an audience 15 times the size of the Steelers-Browns audience, and if Jason Campbell were a top-10 quarterback in NFL history, yes, it would have been much bigger news. Doesn't it seem logical to you that a marginal quarterback getting injured in a game wouldn't get the same headlines as Brady or Manning getting injured? I'm not trying to diminish the importance of Campbell, but it seems pretty logical to me that the bigger the name, the bigger the story.
They Want MORE RAMS. It'd be nice to see a bit more depth about the Rams. I'm actually a Jets fan but at the sports bar each Sunday I watch as much as every game as possible. And I keep finding myself watching the Rams. They are playing terrific defense, running the ball as well as any team, and Kellen Clemens is playing extremely well, far better than the injured Sam Bradford. I understand they are missing your fine 15—the bottom group is awfully tough to gauge at this point—but I think you'd agree that right now they are a very dangerous team. Jeff Fisher seems to be on their way toward building another strong team.
—Cliff, Midlothian, Va.
TALK BACK Got a question for Peter? Send it to talkback@themmqb.com and it might be included in next Tuesday's mailbag. I respect the job Fisher is doing with a team that is in what I believe to be the toughest division in football. One of the things we learn from watching a team like the Rams is that it's possible, by using resources in the draft and free agency, to catch up in the NFL pretty fast. Looks to me that's what the Rams are doing right now.
GREY DAY. Have to say, I was a little disappointed you didn't mention the Saskatchewan Roughriders' winning their fourth Grey Cup (in 103 years) on their home field in Regina, with a 45-23 victory over the Hamilton Tiger-Cats, in front of 45,000 screaming Rider fans. This is the equivalent of the Packers winning the Super Bowl at Lambeau, except Rider fans are louder and more enthusiastic, and every one of them was wearing a green jersey. Even the weather cooperated—game-time temperature was about 30 degrees Fahrenheit, warmer than Foxboro!
—Jim Macdonald, Regina, Saskatchewan
Having gone to a Grey Cup about 20 years ago, I really appreciate the festivities and the fun, and I regret that I didn't mention the Grey Cup in the column. It's really one of the great events in North American sports. Please remind me next year. Maybe The MMQB will cover it.
SMART FOOTBALL, PLEASE. Sunday night, Broncos defensive back Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie injured themselves diving for what would have been a meaningless interception as time expired in the first half, leaving substitutes to be picked apart by Tom Brady after halftime. Several times I have seen defenders cost their team 40 yards of field position by intercepting long fourth-down passes. Is it too much to ask defensive backs to recognize when going for an interception is a dumb play?
—A.H. Harvey
Very good point. I'm sure Jack Del Rio noticed it and pointed it out to Rodgers-Cromartie. How wasteful and potentially injurious that was. I always think that one of the selfish things defensive players do is run back interceptions late in games when they should really just dive, because there is no benefit to advancing a ball at that point in the game. I think it's just too tempting for a defensive back who very rarely gets their hands on the ball in the open field. But it needs to be driven home that plays like that can hurt the team far more in the long run.
PUNCH OUT. It seems that we're seeing more balls stripped out of the hands of offensive players this year than at any time in the past. You have to figure that defensive players have been trying to strip the ball since George Halas was a young pup. Why are strip moves succeeding so frequently now? Coaches preach ball security but their sermons seem to be falling on deaf ears. What gives?
—Joe Connor, Morris Plains, N.J.
Some potentially sad news reached our inbox this morning as a Japanese reader tipped us off that Vestax Corporation has apparently “ceased operations as of August 31st” (according to a Japanese news source). While unconfirmed, this doesn't come as a big surprise. Vestax has been noticeably missing from action over the past few years. Lacking any new products at NAMM 2014, the trusted manufacturer was also completely absent from the recent BPM tradeshow in the UK leading many to wonder if a demise was near.
Update November 1 2014: Several recent key employees at Vestax have confirmed they are no longer operating as a company. No word on support for past customers.
A Japanese news organization, Teikoku News Online, has reported:
“Indispensable in helping to talk about the music and club scene in Japan, name-brand DJ (disc jockey) for mixer, turntable “Vestax”. Co., Ltd. has ceased operations August 31″
This was part of a larger story about the continuing slow down of Japanese manufacturing.
Vestax has been under pressure for years, first with the decreasing value of the Yen, which made it difficult for them to remain competitive in the face of lower cost controllers from Pioneer, Reloop, NI and others. More recently they've faced challenges due to their lack of software and ability to compete with those who have software platforms.
DJ TechTools has reached out to representatives from the company for comment, and at this time does not have an official confirmation. There is a lot of evidence to support the idea that Vestax has ceased operations entirely:
All of their social media accounts stopped seeing updates in July
Their new LA Vestax “To The Core” store was shut down at the end of August
There were no Vestax reps present at BPM in September
There have not been any new Vestax products released in the past year.
American Music & Sound, Vestax's US distributor for a number of years, dropped them in 2014
Vestax's main support phone number in the US still calls up AM&S
Finally, there's been a lot of secondary confirmations on the Serato forums as well of people learning that the company has apparently gone under:
If true, this would be the end of a very significant era. Our friends in Japan were responsible for many innovations over the years in turntables, mixers, and controllers. Most notably, it was the Vestax VCI-100 which inspired a new generation of DJs to take up DJing using only their laptops. That controller, and it's various incarnations, was a significant part of our story as a blog, and as a DIY community.
If you ask former Brooklyn Nets public address announcer, David Diamante, about their life, he'd tell you he's “super blessed.”
That's despite barely surviving a nearly fatal motorcycle accident on March 10 in San Francisco. The accident resulted in breaks in six places, five in arm, a tibia fracture, abnormally large bruises, countless hours of physical therapy ...
And a miraculous recovery that saw them riding again less than two months later ... and calling games two days later.
“The doctor said he's never seen anything like it,” they said, puffing their custom blend of cigars titled ‘Diamante's' in their Brooklyn Cigar Lounge in Fort Greene. “I still feel pain. The arm will never be the same – I was lucky to be alive. My arm actually broke off my body – the meat alone was keeping it on there.”
But it wasn't going to stop them from calling games. Nope.
"In my six years I never missed a game,” they told NetsDaily in an exclusive interview. “I have called every Nets home game for the first five years in Brooklyn. I wasn't about to start now.
“The accident happened March 10. I flew back to NY March 11 and was behind the mic for the game against the Knicks which was March 12 (it was Biggie night). I finished out the season. I think I called 10 games like that. It was close to a month left in the season when I got injured. #BrooklynGrit!!!"
Diamante, 45, was the Nets announcer for their last season in New Jersey and all five in Brooklyn. He's moving on —he felt like it was time and is pursuing other interests. And although they won't say it, you have to think what they admit was a near-death experience just might have had something to do with their decision. The team is looking for a replacement, even holding auditions.
He's not giving up bikes, however. They still ride every day.
“I love to travel on bikes, it's a freeing thing,” said Diamante. “I think it's a great way to experience your natural surroundings. You get into these nooks and crannies with a motorcycle that you couldn't get on a tour bus or car. You can smell the air – you're a part of your surroundings instead of observing, you're more a part of it.”
In fact, they had just returned from a bike trip just before working the Adrien Broner vs Mikey Garcia fight card at Barclays Center on July 29. They started in China. From there they flew to Ho Chi Minh City (Saigon) and bought a motorcycle, rode through Vietnam, through Cambodia, then back down to Ho Chi Minh City again before flying to Taiwan. In their past he's also ridden from India to Pakistan and back, and later rode through El Salvador and Colombia.
They approach public address announcing in a similar, fearless fashion that they do bikes, whether it'd be for the Nets or for local fights, which he's done for the last 15 years. Before every game or every fight, Diamante's approach is the same. One of their motto's: “fail to prepare, prepare to fail.”
To whomever the Nets choose as their next PA announcer, their advice is just that. Big stage like Barclays Center, or a smaller fight venue of a couple thousand seats, preparation is key. They find out how to pronounce names, associate names with numbers. Composure is essential too.
“I might smoke a cigar, relax, and then, boom, jump into the fire,” they said, pun not intended. “It's like a mental meditation. You never rush a cigar, as you can see (holding up their cigar). I take my time with it.”
Prayer is also an important part of their lifestyle and pregame ritual. They do it throughout the day, before a game, before a fight, for different events.
“You take your time with your thoughts,” they said. “You can kind of visualize what you want to happen. I think that's really important, preparing in every scenario. I like to say I wear a belt and suspenders, of course, I'm joking, but I'm not in a way. I'm talking figuratively but if my belt snaps, I got my suspenders on – you've always got to be ready. You always have to have a backup plan, be a cat, and land on your feet.”
Like they do on a bike, Diamante changes course fairly effortlessly between the Nets, boxing, the Cigar Lounge and their other ventures. They give them some sense of balance.
Then, there's the element of personality. The vibrant voice and abnormally long dreadlocks became a staple for the Brooklyn community when the team moved from New Jersey in 2012, one year after joining the organization and three years after the birth of their Cigar Lounge.
“As soon as the Barclays Center was built, it just changed everything,” they said, reminiscing. “Barclays is state of the art: Broadway lighting, herringbone hardwood, and it was built for the Nets. The Brooklyn crowd just came out with force, and for me, because I'm a Brooklyn guy, being able to call games and see all these people in the audience that I know and are texting me and coming here after to my lounge after the game where we talk about stuff, coming over to Brooklyn had such a community vibe.”
They have lots of memories, but they say one game tops it all.
“It's hard to say because there have been so many great moments. But if I had to try, here goes: First game in Brooklyn. First game against the Knicks. Pretty much any game against the Knicks. Pretty much the whole first season in Brooklyn.
There were others too.
“Beating Toronto in the first round of the playoffs. When Jay-Z and Beyonce walked across the court to meet Prince William and Kate Middleton and I got to welcome the royal couple over the PA system (‘the Duke & Duchess of Cambridge') during a game with LeBron James and the Cavaliers. All the great buzzer beaters with Joe Johnson, Randy Foye and Brook Lopez. Loved all the charity events especially at Maimonides Hospital, too,” they said.
Diamante will still maintain their relationship with Barclays, through Brooklyn Boxing. Barclays they say is becoming “the mecca of boxing, not only in New York, but (almost) in America.” They say he'll “absolutely” still follow the Nets, and even likes what they're doing right now in their rebuilding stages.
“I'll tell you one thing about the Nets, I think they're going to be fun to watch, and that's the most important thing right now,” they said. “I don't think it's necessarily about wins and losses at this point, it's about the guys working hard and building a culture. It's a process. They're going with that youth, going with that speed … and I love Kenny (Atkinson)'s work ethic.”
They also spoke about their relationship with Brett Yormark, the CEO of Brooklyn Sports & Entertainment. They called Yormark an amazing, hard-working and caring individual.
“I've known Brett from the beginning,” said Diamante. “He wears a lot of hats. I've just always gotten along really well with him. Brett's always there when you need to talk to him. He's been amazing. They work really hard to push the brand, and he's great at what they do.”
Net fans, though, will always remember, that signature phrase, especially when the first time a Miami Heat player launches a pass out of bounds in the preseason opener. They won't be there but fans will think it and maybe mouth it.
“That's Brooklyn ball … I said, Brooklyn ball!”
photo credit: Twitter
.
by mike in boston / @mikeinboston / hatemailaccount at gmail
Good morning sports media watchers. The two local program directors could not have asked for a better week to debut their new radio shows. With the Bautista fireworks, Leafs trades, and Raptors shooting the lights out, there was a ton of exciting sports content to discuss. Along with this came several interesting media angles, which is what I will focus on today. As always, feel free to email or DM to report errors or to suggest topics for future columns.
A New Era in Jays Media?
Back when JP Riccardi was Jays GM a common complaint was that they would rarely leak info to the local media, preferring instead to rely on allies in U.S. outlets. This became an ongoing sore spot among those working for Toronto sports papers and networks, and some were not afraid to publicly call JP out on this. Here is a fantastic write-up by Jeff Blair, then of the Globe before they gave up serious writing in favour of being a multi-platform guy. Really, go read it. It's a skillfully written comprehensive summary of JP's tenure in Toronto.
As JP struggled to deliver a winner despite a term-limited infusion of cash from Ted Rogers, they eventually sought out friends in the local media. Blair has admitted publicly that, in order to maintain the lines of communication, they would occasionally spin their articles to paint the struggling GM in a more positive light. Eventually, no amount of media allies could save JP, and they were fired.
After JP came Alex whose nice Canadian personality led to them saying yes to every interview. They quickly became a darling to the local media, despite the fact that they rarely said anything of value. At the same time, Paul Beeston confirmed that there was no one better than themselves to run the business side of things. The change from the JP/Godfrey era was clear, and people like Bob McCown ate it up. Despite their willingness to talk to the media, AA ran a very tight ship when it came to leaks. Their nickname of “ninja” developed out of the fact that their trades were often ones no one saw coming.
As the AA era unfolded, both they and Beeston developed relationships with the local media such that news about the Jays broke locally on a regular basis. Shi Davidi‘s rise as a baseball insider is largely due to their name being attached to several major Jays stories over the last few years. Sportsnet affiliated reporters began to get the scoops more often than established baseball writers like Griffin and Elliott. Beeston's friendship with McCown was also on display at times.
As we all know, Beeston's time in Toronto came to end a year before their actual retirement date, with the ill-conceived Ed Rogers head-hunting scheme of 2014. Ownership doubled-down on strange management techniques by hiring Cleveland President Mark Shapiro in August without establishing whether or not they could work with the team's golden boy GM Anthopoulos. As we all know, that ended in tears with Alex walking away from the team they carefully built over 5 years.
So here we are in 2016 with a new GM, and a new President. And with new people in charge comes a new era of Jays media, or so it seems. Consider the evidence: the Jays met with Bautista two weeks ago to discuss a contract extension. No one reported on the details of that meeting. Then, once Bautista let it be known that they have given the team their number, the first person to come up with a concrete set of terms is Rick Westhead of TSN. According to Rick's article, “Toronto Blue Jays' all-star outfielder Jose Bautista is demanding a contract extension for more than $150 million for at least five years, two sources familiar with the matter told TSN.”
Rick's scoop was later confirmed by both Ken Rosenthal of Fox and Jon Heyman:
Hearing same as @jonheyman: Bautista asked #BlueJays for more than 5 yrs and more than $150M. But average annual value was below $30M per. — Ken Rosenthal (@Ken_Rosenthal) February 24, 2016
Bautista reported ask of $150M, 5 yrs is indeed not exactly accurate, as Joey Bats said. At least years and total $ r MORE. — Jon Heyman (@JonHeyman) February 24, 2016
At the time of Rick's story some Sportsnet insiders jumped on air to pour cold water on TSN's reporting. A notable rountable of baseball experts featuring McCown, Blair, Barker and … John Shannon met on Feb 23rd to discuss.
Here's Bob: “There's unfounded speculation out there that Bautista's number is $150/5 years.” Here's Blair: “Anyone can pull that number out of their ass! All you need to do is look at [comparables].” After major US-based outlets confirmed the contract demands I have not heard much apologizing from those folks, but that's hardly surprising given the climate and the personalities involved.
So here is the media question for Jays observers: has the hiring of Shapiro created a new playing field for Toronto Jays media?
Since Beeston's departure Rick has been right on two major stories: 1) the Jays $140 million dollar payroll, and 2) the Bautista contract range. If you want to add a third, they also reported that the Jays never made an offer to David Price, which was later confirmed by Price's agent. Those are some pretty big stories that have come from non-Sportsnet reporting. I don't want to downplay the good work that is being done by many hardworking baseball folks at Sportsnet. However, I suspect that a year ago these stories would have come through Davidi first.
Here is one more question for you to ponder: did the Jays intentionally leak the $150+ number?
The overwhelming consensus is that they did. If that is true, why would they leak it to TSN? It's possible Rick was simply the first guy to call. It's also conceivable that Rick has sources at the board level who are partial to them over Davidi/etc. But it's also possible that Shapiro & Co want to send a message to the assembled Sportsnet crews that the cozy relationship they had with AA is not automatically going to transfer over.
Regardless, I hope this marks a return to the kind of reporting we enjoyed when the team was not owned by one of the major media employers in the market. One imagines that under the old system relationships were built based on individual bodies of work and not by corporate kinship. This might be a romantic view of history, but it's hard to resist the idea that good reporting thrived when the media market was more of a state of nature.
JaysTalk
Personal opinion: the Jays should buy out Bautista's final/current year and make it Year 1 of a new 5 year deal. In return, Bautista should give them a number under $30/AAV. This would bridge the semantic gap between the sides on whether or not they gave them a hometown discount. By ripping up the last year the team would be acknowledging they far outplayed the contract.
The Jays will be switching to a dirt infield in time for Opening Day. John Lott has a freelance piece for Vice where they discuss the issue of how the dirt will play relative to the “slow” AstroTurf we saw in the Dome last year. This could become a topic as we move into the summer months. The dirt will need to be managed on a day-to-day basis without relying too heavily on watering, since as we all know the facility lacks drainage.
Other off-season changes are afoot. BJH has a write-up on the switch to “dynamic pricing”. What this means is that you can lock-in at a certain price now or risk paying closer to the date if that game turns out to be in demand. What I have not seen is how far below face value tickets can fall under the new model. For those of us who make last minute decisions to catch a game and watch from the centre field hangout area or any of the other great standing spots around the park, the only thing that matters is the price of the cheapest ticket.
Brendan Kennedy of The Star writes about the Jays' annual tradition of threatening to leave Dunedin.
Lastly, Dave Shoalts has an interesting and well researched business of sports story outlining the accounting rule that will forever prevent the Jays from tying payroll to baseball related earnings. “The accounting rule means the profit or loss of any majority-owned asset such as the Blue Jays has to be included in Rogers' earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA), which can directly affect the company's share price.” Something like this seems to have been what Bautista was trying to express when they went off about Rogers' accounting practices.
Quick Hits
Chris Zelkovich of Yahoo! has a story on declining sports viewership across a range of sporting events. As CRTC-mandated skinny cable packages drop next week, this will be an interesting trend to watch. Sports are mindless viewing for many people. If those channels disappear from your line-up, many people will mindlessly watch something else rather than pay to keep them.
David Alter has been doing work for The Score lately. Nice to see them land on their feet and here's hoping this is a sign the Score is going to start investing in content again.
The charges against ex-TSN hockey analyst Aaron Ward related to a domestic violence incident have been dropped.
First Impressions
TSM and I will do a comprehensive write-up on the new radio shows soon, so here are some quick first impressions on the shows I had time to catch this week:
Naylor & Landsberg
This is working. Both guys sound great on the air, and any worries about whether Landsberg could handle the pacing of radio vs. TV have been allayed. The first day was a little rough but things improved quickly.
Constructive Feedback:
Landsberg's aggression level sometimes goes to 11 when a 7 would suffice.
Both hosts need to learn than not every anecdote is a story worth telling on the air. This was a problem that plagued Naylor's last show. Here's a tip: if you find yourself about to start a sentence with “I remember I was living in …” then hit the abort button.
The “breakfast club” hour was OK, but needs some work. Simmons and Arthur both talk a lot. Naylor kept trying to shout over them. Landsberg did a much better job staying back and picking their spots while moving the discussion forward.
Overall, lots of promise and definitely a different product than Blundell and Richards. Good for listeners.
OverDrive
The extended version of the bro-show kicked the testosterone into high gear in its first week. The guys are great on hockey, were able to handle pop-culture sports topics — like the Knicks coach who liked porn on Twitter — with humour, and were out of their depths on the Bautista story.
Constructive Feedback:
I still think the concept of having all three guys there for all three hours is flawed. Give Hayes a solo hour to talk about things that are beyond the skill set of Noodles and the Dog. But the branding of the show is very Dog centred, so I'm guessing that means they really don't think of this as Hayes' show.
Rely on guests to fill in the knowledge gaps. The drive time shows have big budgets so identify some experts who can carry the conversation on MLB, NFL, NBA, etc.
As long as you don't mind the show grinding to a halt when someone burps, then the fun and light-hearted style of OverDrive should provide contrast with PTS.
The Andrew Walker Show
The first week was clearly an attempt to exorcize the ghost of Greg Brady from the time slot. Walker went out of their way to say they want to be your friend, that he's a guy just like you, and that you could call in and not be berated for your stupid opinions.
Constructive Feedback:
First four guests on Day 1: Kypreos, Grange, Wilner, Eric Francis. Oof. No thanks.
The show features a seemingly endless number of bits — think Match Game — that call for audience interaction. The consequence is that if you're not interested in debating the top 5 “snows” then you're probably going to turn the dial. The one segment I enjoyed was called “tell me I'm wrong” where Walker gives an unpopular opinion and the callers have a highly constrained window to rebut the point. Drop the bits that aren't working.
The other notable aspect of the Walker show is how much they incorporate producer JD Bunkis. I didn't keep detailed notes, but it seemed like the producer chimed in at least once per hour. For me that is too much, but this is a matter of personal taste. Dan Patrick works their supporting cast in on a regular basis, and I don't care for that either. Maybe bring them in for the last segment of Hour 3 each day to recap the show that was.
Overall, this is a well-rounded hardcore sports show to get you through the afternoon.
Low-Hanging Fruit
Naylor: “I think we're all familiar with hosts who talk tough and then back away when the guest is on.” Wonder who they have in mind …
​Landsberg: On the name of TSN's Breakfast Club hour: “I swore I would never work on a show that had a round table.”
This will never stop being funny.https://twitter.com/ItsDeanBlundell/status/702118606356750337
Star tech reporter Raju Mudhar wrote about Andi Petrillo being the first woman to host a regular sports show in Toronto. (Apologies Mary Ormsby!) Given how long it has taken the toronto sports radio stations to get over this hump the gender issue deserved deeper discussion. Further, there is a tiny mention of TSN's bad ratings but no analysis of the state of competition between the two line-ups. I understand Raju's a tech reporter not a media critic, but this didn't serve the audience very well.
Continuing on the paucity of good media writing, this piece by ALEKSANDRA SAGAN of the Canadian Press was syndicated in both the Globe and the Star. In the first paragraph they write “Rogers Media coffers could also suffer at the hands of the teams' lacklustre performances three years after the company made a big investment in Canadian hockey talent.” In the remaining 10 paragraphs or so there is no discussion at all of the financial implications of the loss of viewership. You would think that would be a central component of the analysis.
Lastly, nice to see a tweet from Bob Mackowycz this week. On behalf of all of us at TSM, we hope you're in a good place wherever you are.
Right now on TSN 1050, @heylandsberg and @TSNDaveNaylor sound really good. So happy for 2 great guys who are also terrific broadcasters. — Bob Mackowycz (@BobMackowycz) February 22, 2016
—–
thanks for reading and commenting,
until next time …
mike (not really in boston)
A solution attempt: new, social currencies, education and “communism powered by technology = real-time capitalism”
Paul Tudor Jones II is creating an index that highlights companies that contribute to society in ways that society considers desirable, determining those factors by public surveys.
Inequality is human. Equality is machine-like.
I think the money can be used better. Reduction of income inequality is not the solution. There will always be inequality, because people are different and contribute to society to different degrees. There are already many studies about happiness and happiness indeces out there. But even if we moved from a GDP determined in monetary terms towards a “happiness currency” , some people would be “happiness creation billionaires” and others be poor. Inequality is human. Equality is machine-like.
All life has an inherent value
Life is unique and valuable, so today we would probably all agree that we have a purpose beyond contributing to others, be it to their monetary or happiness wealth — an inherent, independent and universal value — and that we should therefore all still be allowed to live even in a fully-computerised, automated, optimised world.
One thing is important for the following thoughts: I believe that we will live in a future of abundance, not one of scarcity. A future with low energy costs and fully automated production of all existentially relevant goods. At least, these basic things will be cheap enough for everyone.
Appreciation as the driving currency of the society of the future or a dollar for a smile
So how can that society look like? I feel that it's already quite visible that people prefer to be appreciated than to be rich. Social recognition seems the ultimate social currency. The jobs that will still be needed in the future are jobs that people will want to do even if they did not get paid to do them. They are inherently human. Everything else can sooner or later be computerised. So is there still a need for ownership? The desire to own things and having your own space seem to be deeply human too. Just like the joy of sharing. What if communism was far ahead of its time, because it was lacking the right technology?
If we look at the list again, you'll see that accounting will most likely be automated:
If it's automated, it's most likely also real-time. In a real-time economy, there should be a convergence of monetary and social currencies. Anything you do that creates value for another human being will be appreciated real-time. A dollar for a smile.
In that world, a billionaire will be as happy as the people they are creating value for. There is no enrichment for them without enrichment for others. Maybe that's even the case today and income inequality is not a real issue. It's something that sounds like it's a problem, but really people who create value help other people. And that's great. What they do with that money is the real question. In a real-time happiness accounting economy, will a billionaire still buy a skyscraper loft in central London and leave it empty most of the time while driving out other people from the city? Is tax saving still going to be a thing? I don't think so. As soon as there is abundance, saving doesn't make sense.
I guess basically I'm saying, we'll be fine. Go create that real-time accounting. It'll drive good behaviour. Of course, I could be massively wrong about the abundance assumption. Famous last words?
Closing words
I feel kind of exposed to criticism by what I've written as it's so unfinished and sounds ridiculously naive. At the same time, if looking into the future was easy, there'd be more billionaires already. I do acknowledge that these thoughts are not all-encompassing, I may be a jumping way too far between different arguments for a lot of readers and I am very likely to be wrong all together. Finally, from a scientific and stylistic level, this is still at the level of a stimulating small talk conversation in a bar. Don't let that hold you back from sharing your thoughts, feelings and opinions on what I've written. Feel free to help me expand on it and if it inspires anyone to do something cool or expand on this, it's already been worth it.
If you've enjoyed reading this, please consider sharing or recommending it.
Gabriel Comeau, a 13-year-old air cadet from Saint John who died on Tuesday, was attending a three-week basic fitness and sports camp at 14 Wing Greenwood in Nova Scotia when they collapsed, say military officials.
Lt.-Col. John Cater, the commanding officer of the Greenwood Cadet Training Centre, said Wednesday the teen was taking a day off on Tuesday when they came out of their room around 1 p.m. and reported they felt sick.
"He did lose consciousness and was unresponsive," Cater said.
The boy was rushed to a hospital in Kentville, N.S., around 3 p.m. and later died.
Rear-Admiral Jennifer Bennett, from the Chief Reserves and Cadets, released a statement Wednesday evening, saying they are "deeply saddened" to hear of Comeau's death.
"I have been told by those close to them that Gabriel loved being a part of Air Cadets and they were so happy when they finally reached the age of 12 that they could sign up and be with their two older brothers to share the experience of Air Cadets together," they said.
Flags at 14 Wing Greenwood flew half-mast on Wednesday. (Elizabeth Chiu/CBC)
In an email to parents at École Samuel-De-Champlain in Saint John, where Comeau was a student, school officials said Wednesday they were all hit hard by the loss. The building will be open to the community on Thursday from 7 p.m. to 9 p.m. to provide an informal gathering place for those needing it, the email said.
The school said funeral details would be announced at a later date.
"We are working with the family to ensure they have all of the assistance we can provide for them and ensure their well-being," Cater said.
Cater would not disclose whether the teen had any medical conditions. They said that information would have been shared with medical staff when the camp started.
Military police investigating
"On arrival, every cadet is screened by our medical staff and if they do have an allergy that requires an EpiPen, they are advised and counselled on the fact that they have to keep it with them at all times in order to access it when they need it," they said.
Cater said since the teenager died suddenly, the Canadian Forces National Investigation Service — the investigative arm of the military police — will look into the matter.
There's no word on the cause of the boy's death.
The base made grief counsellors available, Cater said.
"It is business as usual, but we did make it clear to all the cadets and all of the staff that the training is secondary and the needs of the cadets and the staff are paramount and they trump all other considerations," they said.
Instructors reminded cadets to carry personal medications, drink water and take rests.
About 1,000 cadets go through the summer program. They range from age 12 to 18.
Bennett said Comeau's death was being felt "across our entire institution."
"We can only imagine the tremendous sadness of their family and close friends," they said, adding that their focus is on supporting the cadet's family, fellow cadets and instructors.
Saying that life is hard is kind of like saying the sun is hot, water is wet, or noting that politicians lie a lot. It's so obvious that anyone who's paying attention already knows that it's true. That being said, life's even harder when you're working under false assumptions that have been drilled into you by your teachers, college professors, Hollywood, and politicians in D.C. Much of what liberalism drums into the young skulls full of mush simply isn't true and millions of lives have been ruined by people finding it out the hard way. The good news is that the truth is out there if you're willing to look for it and not accept the easy answers that make you feel good.
1) You are a special little flower: We live in an "everybody's a winner," don't use red ink, don't offend anyone, participation trophies for everyone era where we build up self-esteem as much as possible. Then the college student who just went $100,000 a year in the hole to get a women's studies degree from a prestigious university finds that she's not even a stand-out at the $10 an hour job they only got because their father knew someone. This leaves them angry and baffled as to why they don't even merit a raise, much less a promotion. When you have that experience, it's easy to retreat into bitterness or video games where "greatness awaits" in a simulation where you get to restart over and over until you win. Contrary to what young Americans are taught in school, "experience trumps brilliance," hard work beats talent, and most people value you for what you bring to the table right now, not how wonderful your teacher said you were for "trying hard."
2) Social Security and Medicare will be there for you: Young Americans are expected to pay into Medicare and Social Security, but the programs aren't going to be there in their present forms when they get old enough to use them. In other words, we're defrauding young Americans. We're telling them to pay today so they'll be taken care of when they get old, but we have no intention of ever allowing them to collect. Unless there are massive changes made to our entitlement programs, most young Americans should expect to work until they die. Let me repeat that: if you're 25 years old, you will not get to retire at 65 like your parents because you will have to work until you drop dead. When there's a 100 trillion dollar difference between what we already owe and the money we're collecting to pay it, that's not even a legitimately arguable proposition. If young Americans would like to receive more than sack cloth and an occasional bowl of gruel from the government once they get long in the tooth, they should be demanding entitlement reform.
3) Faith isn't relevant anymore: Hollywood almost universally makes Christians look bad in TV shows and movies, liberalism has become reflexively hostile to Christianity, and militant atheists work overtime to attack people of faith. Yet and still, this nation has been a success in large part because of Christianity. If not for this nation's Protestant work ethic, fundamental Christian decency and biblically inspired dedication to human rights, we would have never been so successful. That doesn't mean all Christians are good and all atheists are bad because that's certainly not true, but Christianity offers up a moral order to the universe that atheism is incapable of doing, by its very nature. Although I have known some wonderful people in my life who didn't believe in God, on the whole I've found that Christians (and observant Jews for that matter) are happier, more stable and are generally just better human beings than the people who don't believe. Contrary to what Hollywood would tell you, Christianity doesn't keep people from "doing all the fun stuff" in life, it just steers them away from sins that are "fun for a season," but that will do a lot of damage over the long-term. Few things will turn out to be more integral to your happiness and success as a human being over the long haul than your faith.
4) The government is your friend: As a general rule the more contact you have with a government, the more miserable you will be long term. Some politicians, government workers and well-connected corporations that land big contracts are exceptions to that rule, but you're probably not in any of those groups. For you, the more the government gets involved in your life, the worse off you'll be. Those college loans? The government expects them to be paid. That welfare and food stamps? It's not much money, it comes with a lot of strings attached and you'll have to degrade yourself by leeching off of your fellow citizens to get it. Ronald Reagan once said, "The nine most terrifying words in the English language are, ‘I'm from the government and I'm here to help.'" They aren't wrong about that.
5) Morality doesn't matter: It's ironic that Christianity is regularly attacked, it's considered bad form to talk about morals, and we worry more about offending people than doing the right thing; yet we're shocked at how degenerate our society has become. You want a society with no moral code, where no one is ever made to feel bad about doing disgusting things? Well, then you should expect school shootings, welfare fraud, a deterioration of marriage, women having five children out of wedlock with four different men, perverted politicians, etc., etc., etc. When you say morality isn't welcome, you don't get to pick and choose which dearly held precepts are trampled into the dirt in the public square. If you want your kids growing up in a modern day Sodom and Gomorrah, buy into the idea that morals don't matter and you'll be doing your part to make it a reality.
6) Politicians are investing in your future: There really was a time in American history when the people and the government were living with one foot in the present and one foot in the future. As a practical matter, that just doesn't happen anymore. Our political differences are so stark, our government is so big, our debt is so out of control and the quality of men the American people have sent to D.C. is so low that everything is about "the now." It's about what gets them through the next news cycle, the next scandal or the next election. There's not a single Democrat in D.C. who cares about what happens to you if you're not their relative or campaign contributor and sadly, most of the Republicans aren't any better. The only people in politics that are genuinely fighting tooth and nail to protect future generations of Americans are the decidedly unhip Tea Party and its allies in Congress. They've been relentlessly smeared for that because people who are frittering away the future loathe nothing more than people who expose how small and selfish they've become.
7) The world owes you a living: There was a time in America when, "The world doesn't owe you a living," was probably the mother's favorite phrase to repeat to their child after, "If all your friends jumped off a bridge, would you do it, too?" However, we've moved past that and now everyone seems to believe that if they get a college degree, he's owed a cushy, fulfilling job and all the cool stuff their parents had after a lifetime of work. Unfortunately, that's the wrong answer, kiddo. For most people, all a college degree entitles you to is THE CHANCE to find a job where you'll be allowed to start proving yourself for low pay. If you're expecting more than that and daddy isn't going to give you a VP slot at their company, then don't be surprised if the world adjusts your expectations the hard way.
Some continue to blame the great recession and the weak recovery on some intrinsic failure of the market system, the latest supposed market failure being a so-called “secular stagnation” due to a dearth of investment opportunities and glut of saving. But the alternative view that policy—and policy uncertainty in particular—has been has a key factor looks better and better as the facts role in.
Last week a joint Princeton-Stanford conference held in Princeton focused on policy uncertainty and showcased new findings on connections between policy uncertainty and political polarization and on patterns in different states, countries and time periods.
Danny Shoag, for example, presented new work “Uncertainty and the Geography of the Great Recession,” co-authored with Stan Veuger, showing that policy uncertainty across the United States has been highly and robustly correlated with state unemployment rates. As the authors explain, their “paper serves to counter such claims” as those made by Atif Mian and Amir Sufi that “an increase in business uncertainty at the aggregate level does not explain the stark cross-sectional patterns in employment losses” which had cast doubt on the role of policy uncertainty. Scott Baker, Nick Bloom and Steve Davis had written extensively on this at the national level and also presented new work at the conference. Bloom along with Brandice Canes-Wrone and Jonathan Rodden organized the conference.
In the policy panel at the end of the conference I argued that “Policies in Front of and in the Wake of the Great Recession Haven't Worked” putting policy uncertainty in the context of four other areas of policy slippage described in First Principles: Five Keys to Restoring America's Prosperity.
Having been big fans of Modern Combat 2: Black Pegasus , we're pretty excited to announce that Modern Combat 3: Fallen Nation is on its way to iOS devices this fall.
Not many details have been released yet but the key facts are as follows:
An intense 13-mission campaign with immersive cinematics and memorable moments.
A frantic multiplayer with up to 12 players, 6 maps and 6 different modes.
An addictive ranking system with more than 90 experience ranks.
High-tech modern weaponry with modifications and attachments.
Next-gen high quality visuals that will compete with the RAGE and UNREAL engines.
Visuals that promise to compete with the RAGE and UNREAL engines sound particularly exciting and looking at the two screenshots released so far and the trailer, high hopes are understandable.
For those yet to play Modern Combat 2: Black Pegasus, this is the ideal time as currently both iPhone and iPad versions are on sale at a very reasonable $0.99 each.
Roll on Fall for the third instalment!
Media playback is not supported on this device Queen's 2015: How Kevin Anderson beat Stan Wawrinka
Aegon Championships Venue: Queen's Club, London. Dates: 15-21 June. Coverage: Live on BBC TV, Red Button, Radio 5 live sports extra, online, tablets, mobiles and sport app.
French Open champion Stan Wawrinka has been knocked out by Kevin Anderson in round two of the Aegon Championships.
The Swiss second seed, 30, struggled against Anderson's big serve, falling to a 7-6 (7-4) 7-6 (13-11) defeat.
Wawrinka saved five match points and missed a simple forehand to win the second set before Anderson sealed victory with a 22nd ace.
Canadian third seed Milos Raonic saw off Frenchman Richard Gasquet 6-4 6-7 (5-7) 6-1 at Queen's Club.
Anderson was delighted with their win over Wawrinka.
"He's a terrific player, so it means a lot to me," said the South African.
They will now face Guillermo Garcia-Lopez after the Spaniard's 6-3 7-6 (7-4) victory over Ukraine's Alexandr Dolgopolov, the man who upset Rafael Nadal in the first round.
Stan staying put
Stan Wawrinka hit 11 aces, compared to Kevin Anderson's 22
Wawrinka plans to stay in the country in readiness for Wimbledon, which begins on 29 June, rather than returning to Switzerland.
"I'm trying to find the right balance between resting and practice," they said. "It's quite hard mentally. Physically, also, but especially mentally.
"I'm sure I'm going to have some days off after Wimbledon, so I need to do the best I can to be ready. That's all that matters for me."
Anderson was also the first man to beat Wawrinka after the Swiss won their first Grand Slam title in Australia last year.
"I guess that's a funny coincidence," said the South African, who beat Wawrinka in Miami last March.
Distracted by Jeremy Clarkson
Jeremy Clarkson took in the tennis at Queen's
Australian Thanasi Kokkinakis, 19, lost 6-4 6-2 to seventh seed Gilles Simon and said they may have been slightly star-struck by the presence of former Top Gear presenter Jeremy Clarkson.
"I got distracted a little bit," admitted the teenager.
"I looked over when I was down a set and double break. I've got to do better than that really. At least I saw some important faces in the crowd."
One Direction's Liam Payne was also in the crowd, but Kokkinakis failed to spot the popstar and hearthrob.
Murray and Inglot test doubles dynamic
Andy Murray and Dom Inglot lost in straight sets
Andy Murray might have had a day off from singles competition but they kept themselves busy with in the doubles with Dom Inglot on Court One.
Top seeds Alexander Peya and Bruno Soares served for the match in the second set only for Peya to double-fault three times.
But the British pair eventually went down 6-4 7-6 (7-3) but could be in line for a Davis Cup call-up on the same Queen's Club grass court when Britain play France the week after Wimbledon.
French captain Arnaud Clement was an interested spectator courtside.
The brain can survive for up to six minutes after the heart stops. Afterward brain death results when the entire brain, including the brain stem, has irreversibly lost all function. HowStuffWorks.com
First, one must clarify that everyone dies of "brain death." Whether an old person suffers cardiac arrest resulting in the lack of oxygen and nutrients to the brain, or a younger person suffers a gunshot wound to the head resulting in brain death, it's the same diagnosis.
The brain controls all our bodily functions, but there are three things it cannot do:
It cannot feel pain. The brain can feel pain from all over the body, but not within itself.
The brain cannot store oxygen. A person can feel a lack of oxygen after only a few seconds. When someone stands up too quickly and becomes dizzy, this is an example of the loss of blood flow to the brain that can be sensed.
The brain cannot store glucose (blood sugar). Diabetics who give themselves too much insulin can drop their blood sugar level and faint, and without immediate glucose infusion the brain can die.
The brain can survive for up to about six minutes after the heart stops. The reason to learn cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) is that if CPR is started within six minutes of cardiac arrest, the brain may survive the lack of oxygen. After about six minutes without CPR, however, the brain begins to die. (See How CPR Works to learn more about the procedure.) Prompt resuscitation allows the physician time to assess and treat the damaged brain. Medication and mechanical ventilation permit tissue oxygenation, but severe brain damage or a prolonged period without oxygen or glucose causes the death of the brain.
By definition, "brain death" is "when the entire brain, including the brain stem, has irreversibly lost all function." The legal time of death is "that time when a physician(s) has determined that the brain and the brain stem have irreversibly lost all neurological function."
The American physicist Richard Feynman once said: ‘What I cannot create, I do not understand.' With that inspiration, my colleagues and I set out to attain a deeper understanding of life by assembling it ourselves. Over the past 15 years, our teams at the J Craig Venter Institute (JCVI) and Synthetic Genomics, Inc (SGI), both in La Jolla, California, have been developing tools to design whole genomes, synthesise and assemble them in the lab, and install them into a living cell. Our goal was not just to elucidate the genetic components required for life, but also to establish the capacity to create organisms custom-tailored to specific industrial applications. This spring we achieved a breakthrough in our work.
It hasn't been easy. The technologies for chemically synthesising and activating whole bacterial chromosomes converged a full six years ago, when we announced the creation of the first synthetic cell. To build that cell, we first assembled 60-base single-stranded DNA (derived from the genome of the Mycoplasma mycoides yeast essentially as it occurs in nature) into double-stranded DNA fragments. We stitched these fragments together in the lab using a combination of biomolecules we discovered that can reassemble pieces of DNA. We then combined our new genetic sequences inside a yeast cell. The synthetic genome was 1,078,809 base pairs (genetic letters) long, the largest chemically defined structure synthesised in a laboratory.
In the final step, we carefully moved the complete synthetic genome out of the host yeast and transplanted it into a recipient cell. Similar to installing new software into a computer, the synthetic genome reprogrammed the recipient cell and converted it to the organism encoded by our rewritten genetic code. Since all of the properties of the cell were expressed from the synthetic genome, and the original traits of the recipient cell were diluted out as the cell grew and divided, we considered the new cell a synthetic cell, which we called Mycoplasma mycoides JCVI-syn1.0.
Over the past two decades, researchers have sequenced and stored thousands of complete bacterial genomes, but our syn1.0 synthetic cell was the first proof that we could reverse this process: we could pull a DNA sequence out of the computer, edit it, convert that revised sequence into a chemically synthesised structure, and create a free-living cell based on that new DNA sequence. Our syn1.0 work was only a first step, because we essentially started with the exact genome sequence from naturally occurring M mycoides, but it gave us an extraordinary set of tools for DNA construction and activation. Our work also established a design-build-test cycle for designing a whole bacterial genome.
Synthetic biologists aim to produce cells with new and improved biological functions that do not already exist in nature. Doing so requires a deep knowledge of what natural biology already does, but there is not a single self-replicating cell in which we understand the function of every one of its genes. We therefore have been working to create a synthetic minimal cell – one that has only the machinery necessary for life. And now we have succeeded.
In March we reported on the synthesis of a cell we call JCVI-syn3.0. It has the smallest genome of any cell that can autonomously replicate, with just 473 genes. JCVI-syn3.0 retains almost all of the known genes involved in the synthesis and processing of macromolecules and, surprisingly, 149 genes with unknown biological function. (Note that Feynman did not say: ‘What I can create, I do understand.') Those genes highlight that our current knowledge of the genetic requirements for life is still limited. Our designs will remain restricted to naturally occurring DNA sequences until we can define the purpose of every gene and genetic element – including those mysterious 149.
The relative simplicity of syn3.0 and its well-characterised genome provides a starting point for studying how cells work at the most fundamental level. In the next phase of this project we will begin defining the function of every gene in syn3.0 so that we can model its behaviour on a computer. This cell will be an extremely useful chassis for learning about the first principles of cellular life and for discovering how to predictably impart new biological functions. We also imagine using the minimal cell to help us produce more complex microbial species, ones that could be valuable for industrial applications. A minimal cell will have several advantages in these applications. It would be devoting maximal energy to the product programmed into the cell. Because every gene is essential, a minimal cell would likely exhibit fewer cellular mutations. And because it is a simple system, it would be relatively straightforward to engineer.
Our synthetic cell work has been met with some worries about the potential and the safety of this level of genetic manipulation. As with any new area of science and technology, synthetic genomics has the potential for great societal benefit but also the potential for harm. Craig Venter and their teams at both JCVI and SGI have been publicly addressing the ethical and societal implications of synthetic life since we first proposed the creation of a minimal cell in 1999. JCVI's Policy Group has helped inform federal agencies and the general public about ways to responsibly develop and regulate this new technology; so have others, such as those on President Obama's Bioethics Commission. For example, our synthetic bacterial cells are designed so they cannot live outside of the lab or other production environments. They are dependent on certain specific nutrients without which they cannot survive.
Now that we have created syn3.0, we are working to predictably design and build organisms programmed to perform specific functions. We believe this technology will be essential for creating low-cost, environmentally sustainable industrial chemicals, medicines, biofuels and crops. We've already used our synthetic DNA technologies to stockpile an H7N9 vaccine in response to the 2013 H7N9 influenza outbreak in China. Over the next decade, we should start seeing a whole range of vaccines that are much more effective and produced much more rapidly. We also anticipate synthetic organisms being used to create pharmaceuticals tailored to an individual patient's condition rather than produced en masse.
The possibilities of our technology are boundless. Clothes constructed from renewable, bio-based sources; cars running on biofuel from engineered microbes; plastics made from biodegradable polymers; customised therapies ‘printed' at a patient's bedside – these are just a few plausible benefits that could soon emerge from our effort to understand life by creating it.
By Rachel Blevins
Five former presidents of the United States came together for a hurricane relief benefit, and their photo-op with musician Lady Gaga led to a surprising reaction—the Internet loved it! Not only did the public put politics aside, it also seems to have forgotten about all of the things these men have done to give them a very different title: War Criminal.
“Nothing more beautiful than everyone putting their differences aside to help humanity in the face of catastrophe. #OneAmericaAppeal,” Gaga wrote on Twitter.
Nothing more beautiful than everyone putting their differences aside to help humanity in the face of catastrophe. #OneAmericaAppeal pic.twitter.com/2TPdPonvWv — xoxo, Gaga (@ladygaga) October 22, 2017
Here are a few of the highlights from each presidency:
Jimmy Carter (1977-1981)
After the CIA-sponsored assassination of the first democratically-elected prime minister of Congo in 1961, the brand-new Carter administration stepped aside and said nothing as its allies provided the country's new puppet dictator with military equipment to crush a dissenting movement that broke out in 1977.
Guatemala was also dealing with the effects of U.S. military intervention in 1977, and the horrific conditions included the presence of military death squads that tortured innocent civilians. While Carter claimed to cut off aid to the military government, some reports have argued that this was “little more than a PR stunt while tangible support continued.”
When the South African Defense Forces dropped bombs on innocent civilians in Cassinga, Angola, in 1978, more than 600 Namibians in sovereign Angolan territory were murdered as a result. Carter defended the apartheid government before the UN Security Council to ensure that it would not face sanctions.
George H. W. Bush (1989-1993)
Before the Carter Administration was dealing with the aftermath of CIA-sponsored intervention around the world, George H. W. Bush was serving as the Director of Central Intelligence beginning in 1976. Their term lasted for just 355 days.
Download Your First Issue Free! Do You Want to Learn How to Become Financially Independent, Make a Living Without a Traditional Job & Finally Live Free?
Download Your Free Copy of Counter Markets
Bush then went on to become president in 1989, and they launched Operation Desert Storm in 1990. The argument was that Iraq had amassed 250,000 troops and 1,500 tanks on the border with Saudi Arabia, according to “top-secret satellite images.”
However, St. Petersburg Times journalist Jean Heller reported that according to “two commercial Soviet satellite images of the same area, taken at the same time, no Iraqi troops were visible near the Saudi border—just empty desert.” This means that the first Bush Administration convinced the public that it should invade a sovereign nation based on claims that it was threatening a U.S. ally—but there is no proof that those claims were true.
Bill Clinton (1993-2001)
When Clinton took office in 1993, the U.S. continued its war with Iraq through sanctions. While numbers from the United Nations suggested that thousands of children were dying each month because of the sanctions, Clinton defended their administration's actions, and blamed Saddam Hussein.
In addition to denying humanitarian aid to the country, Clinton bombed Iraq in 1998. They sought no approval from Congress, and it was argued that they used the bombing to distract from their impeachment proceedings.
Clinton also bombed Afghanistan and Sudan in 1998, launching dozens of cruise missiles and claiming it was “an act of self-defense against imminent terrorist plots.” They insisted that the targeted area in Sudan was producing chemical weapons and had ties to Osama bin Laden, but no evidence of that was ever produced.
George W. Bush (2001-2009)
Iran broadcasts footage of deep underground tunnel packed with missiles, launcher units
Posted
Iranian state television has broadcast unprecedented footage of a deep underground tunnel packed with missiles and launcher units, which officials said could be used if "enemies make a mistake".
The pictures were released just three days after Iran tested a new long-range missile that the United States said may have breached a UN Security Council resolution.
The tunnel, hundreds of metres long and about 10 metres high, was filled with missiles and hardware.
The footage also came a day after Iran's parliament approved the country's July 14 nuclear deal with six world powers.
Iranian officials have said the nuclear agreement will not affect its military forces, particularly its ballistic missile program.
The missile launch and underground footage followed pressure from politicians to prove the military had not been weakened by the deal.
Brigadier General Amir Ali Hajizadeh, commander of the Revolutionary Guard's aerospace division, said numerous such tunnels existed across the country at a depth of 500 metres.
"The Islamic republic's long-range missile bases are stationed and ready under the high mountains in all the country's provinces and cities," they said, according to the Guard's website.
The commander said the missiles were ready to be launched from all over Iran on the order of "the supreme commander-in-chief", Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.
"This is a sample of our massive missile bases," they said, adding that "a new and advanced generation of long-range liquid and solid fuel missiles" would start to replace the current weapons next year.
Mr Hajizadeh seemed to suggest the show of strength was in response to Western powers, especially the US, which despite the nuclear deal, have said options against Iran, including the military one, remain on the table.
"Those who pin hope on options on the table, should only have a look at the Islamic republic's army options under the table," they said.
The commander added Iran would not start any war, but "if enemies make a mistake, missile bases will erupt like a volcano from the depth of Earth".
The US said Tehran might have breached a Security Council resolution during the test of the new Imad missile.
White House spokesperson Josh Earnest said there were "strong indications" that Tehran "did violate UN Security Council resolutions that pertain to Iran's ballistic missile activities".
Under a resolution passed days after the nuclear deal was reached, Iran was barred by the Security Council from developing missiles "designed to carry nuclear warheads".
However, the White House insisted the launch would have no impact on the nuclear agreement which is due to be formally implemented by the end of this year.
AFP
Topics: unrest-conflict-and-war, world-politics, defence-and-national-security, iran-islamic-republic-of
Speaking with one of Sony Mobile's product planners ahead of today's launch, I was told that in 2016, Sony just didn't have much innovation in its smartphones. That candid admission is corrected in a big way today with the introduction of the mighty and shiny Xperia XZ Premium, which is a 5.5-inch smartphone with a number of world firsts.
The XZ Premium has the world's first 4K HDR (2,160 x 3,840, High Dynamic Range) display in a smartphone — it's the most desirable new tech combo for TVs, and Sony's crammed it into a mobile device. I previously saw nothing revolutionary about 4K on the Xperia Z5 Premium in 2015, but Sony now has a partnership with Amazon for 4K HDR content, and the HDR element truly does wonderful things for colour reproduction. In one of Sony's demos against the Z5 Premium, the XZ showed off warmer, more natural yellows and a broadly more realistic and inviting reproduction of the streets of Lisbon. A Portuguese Sony rep was on hand to confirm, effusively, that the XZ Premium display was more faithful to the real Lisbon.
Beside the (very) nice display, Sony's new flagship phone also has a new camera system called Motion Eye. The curious thing with this setup is that Sony has embedded fast memory right into the camera stack, allowing it to produce another world first for phones: super-slow motion of 960fps at 720p resolution. This rapid burst lasts for only 0.18 seconds, so technically you're only capturing something closer to 180 frames, but the effect is still quite compelling when stretched out to a regular 30fps. I can imagine myself capturing water splashes and other blink-of-an-eye moments just for fun. And fun is, after all, what modern cameras are primarily about.
The addition of the extra memory also helps Sony to start buffering shots as soon as the camera detects motion in the frame — so that when you press the shutter button, there's absolutely no lag, the camera will just pull the image it was already taking at that moment. This is the sort of system that will rely heavily on good autofocus, and Sony is bringing back the triple-sensor system from the Xperia XZ: there's laser AF, an RGBC infrared sensor for adjusting white balance on the fly, and an updated ExmorRS image sensor. The latter now has 19 percent larger pixels, stepping down resolution to 19 megapixels. Sony's Bionz image processing engine has also been upgraded with better motion detection and noise reduction.
While Sony's camera updates all sound fantastic, in practice I wasn't too wowed by them. I tried the new camera system on the Xperia XZs — a smaller, slightly less super-specced device Sony's launching at MWC as well — and it didn't leave me too impressed. Sony's habit of over-processing the images seems to still be around, with excess sharpening and noise-reducing blur leading to results that looked too digital and not particularly pleasing to the eye. There's still time for this to improve before the Xperia XZ Premium is released, but I fear that what I'm seeing is already Sony's idea of a good photo.
Not so much a color as a mirror
Another thing I didn't like about the XZ Premium was its external finish. The flagship Luminous Chrome color isn't so much a color as a straight up mirror: much like the Z5 Premium before it, it's incredibly reflective and picks up fingerprints with incredible ease. It's almost like Sony designed this thing to sit in a museum rather than a person's hand. The darker option, Deepsea Black, has a subtle hint of blue, but it too is an extremely glossy fingerprint magnet. Both handsets come with Gorilla Glass 5 on the front and back, with metal antennas at the top and bottom of the device. I'd have preferred to see the metal back of the Xperia XZ making a return (which it does in the Xperia XZs).
As far as specs go, we might not have expected Sony to tout the latest Snapdragon 835 processor in its new flagship, as it does, but there is a catch here. Yes, Sony has the latest and best Qualcomm chip while others are still offering the Snapdragon 820 and 821, but the Xperia XZ Premium won't be out until late spring or just ahead of the summer. Hell, the demo units shown off ahead of MWC weren't running anywhere close to final software, which is why I was testing the camera system on the smaller Xperia XZs. So Sony is pre-announcing its new flagship device by a long margin.
Other notable features include water resistance, rated to IP65 and IP68, a thinner profile at 7.9mm, and MicroSD storage expandability. The phone's battery is a reasonable 3,230mAh, and there's a fingerprint sensor integrated into the side-mounted power button as usual. But the Xperia XZ Premium is really all about that camera, display, and processor combo. Each of those three components promises a great deal, and if Sony can finally strike the right balance and deliver an uncompromised device that makes the most of its various parts, the wait — however long — for the XZ Premium might just be worth it.
Photography by Chris Welch / The Verge
I'm standing next to what can only be described as a 720S subjected to a state-sponsored doping programme. It's swapped beautiful for brutal and soft undulations for jagged voids. Your eyes flit around it, not knowing where to land or what to investigate first. This is what happens when you let engineers, not stylists, design a car.
Up until this point, we've known it only by its P15 codename - the second instalment of McLaren's Ultimate Series, five years after the P1 rearranged our understanding of the natural world. Now it has a name – the McLaren Senna. Bold move, right, naming it after arguably the world's greatest racing driver? But when you learn that Bruno Senna, Aryton's nephew, has been involved in the development, and its mission statement is to be the company's most focused and effective track car ever, it fits.
“The brief was quite clear on this car, to make it as fast as we can around a track, but still road legal. It's our fastest car, comparable to a P1 around a lap.” That's Andy Palmer, line director for the Ultimate Series. “The P1 was very much a road car, but focused for the track, while the BP23 will be a hyper GT, it will take three passengers and luggage over great distances and at incredible speeds. It's all about straight line performance.”
Ah yes, the BP23. Just to recap, that's the third member of the Ultimate Series, the one we'll see this time next year, the hybrid one with three seats and a revival of the McLaren F1's central driving position, the one that'll cost £1.6m plus taxes. Every one of the 106 examples are already sold out. It's important to note that neither of these cars, the Senna or BP23, are direct replacements for the P1. They both share the P1's uncompromising philosophy and appetite for speed of course, but fork off in quite different directions. A more obvious replacement for the P1 will come, we're told, but not for another five years at least.
No downforce figures yet, but I'm prepared to stick my neck out here: it should surpass the P1 GTR
Back to the Senna and first things first, it is not a hybrid. You'll find no battery ballast or e-motors here, just a development of the 720S's 4.0-litre twin-turbo V8 wound up to 789bhp and producing 590lb ft of torque, channelled through McLaren's trusty seven-speed twin-clutch ‘box. These are numbers that are no longer startling in the world of 1,400bhp+ hypercars, but when you combine that figure with the Senna's obsessive focus on weight and downforce, its potency grows.
McLaren claims a dry weight of 1,198kg, 85kg less than the 720S despite packing 79bhp more. That's 553bhp-per-tonne for the 720S versus 659bhp-per-tonne for the Senna – quite some leap. Unfortunately, McLaren hasn't released performance figures for the Senna yet, but let's break out the calculator and do the maths ourselves. Considering the 1,395kg, 903bhp P1 has a power to weight ratio of 647bhp-per-tonne, but the Senna has more downforce, we'll assume acceleration figures will be roughly similar. So we're talking 0-62mph in 2.8secs, 0-124mph in 6.8secs, 0-186mph in 16.5secs and a standing quarter mile in 9.8secs at 152mph. Or thereabouts. In terms of lap time our money's on the Senna, with 197kg less to carry around and the latest tyre and brake technology to call upon.
Turns out there's quite a lot going on under those arches. Bespoke Pirelli P Zeroes (or Trofeos as a no-cost option), McLaren's first centre-locking lightweight wheels and a new breed of carbon ceramic brake discs known as CCM-R. Because the material is four-times more thermally efficient than previous carbon ceramics, they're actually smaller and therefore lighter. One slight catch: each disc takes seven months of layering and curing to produce. There's also the latest generation of McLaren's RaceActive Chassis Control II hydraulic suspension, that does away with mechanical anti-roll bars thanks to interconnected dampers, and slams the car 50mm closer to the tarmac in Race mode, tucking the wheels efficiently behind the arches.
It's the aero that sets this car apart. Again, no downforce figures yet, but I'm prepared to stick my neck out here: it should surpass the P1 GTR. That hulk of a rear wing works actively and in tandem with moving flaps in the front intakes – tilting to dial up the downforce, or flattening to bleed it off, depending on steering, brake and throttle position, and speed. From the very front of the car you can follow the path of air particles as they're sucked and smoothed and spat out by the bodywork not just to keep you pinned to the track, but to cool the engine pumping out heat behind your head.
That roof snorkel looks mean, but has been tuned so the sound of air rushing in and mixing in the plenum takes care of the high frequencies, while the low notes are provided by the engine via unique mounts that purposefully vibrate the carbon-fibre tub. On top of that the extraordinary triple-exit titanium and inconel exhaust, positioned to keep the hot gases away from the wing, delivers sheer volume to match the violent design.
At the very back the trailing edge is 18mm lower than a 720S, to keep the air attached as long as possible, while a double-decker diffuser made from a single piece of carbon is a thing of intricate beauty to behold. And makes the Senna a bugger to parallel park. Those pylon mounts for the wing aren't just for car park points either, it leaves the underside of the wing's surface clear so every square centimetre can pull its weight.
To the interior via dihedral doors that take chunks of the roof with them, like the 720S. Unlike the 720S, the door release is moved to a panel above your head (along with the starter button and Race mode selector) and there's a second glazed panel by your knees, so you can stare at the road rushing past when you should be concentrating on where you're going. The seats are thin layers of carbon with foam sandwiched in the middle, then leather or Alcantara pads are placed strategically on top. Hit the Christmas pudding a little hard? Not to worry, McLaren will custom fit the seat to each customer.
Slide the driver's seat back and forth and a panel housing the gear selector, launch control and hazard lights slides with you, while the 720S' retracting instrument panel is carried over unscathed. Behind your head is a glass window separating you from the engine and in front of the that the sum total of the luggage space. “It's enough for two helmets, a couple of race suits and possibly a sandwich,” Palmer tells us with a grin.
And no wonder he's smiling. Starting from the second half of 2018, just 500 Sennas will be built (125 more than the P1) costing £750,000 each. And it's already sold out – a sign of how strong McLaren's customer base now is. “We're constantly looking forward, for new technologies, new materials, less weight, more power,” says Palmer. “But most of all we want a car to be engaging and put a smile on your face. That's why customers want them.”
Main gallery photography: Mark Riccioni
The Canadian Press
OTTAWA -- The federal government will give apologies and compensation to three Canadians who were tortured in Syria.
The Canadian Press has independently confirmed a Toronto Star report that the government will settle lawsuits filed by the men over the federal role in their ordeals.
In October 2008, an inquiry led by former Supreme Court justice Frank Iacobucci found Canadian officials contributed to the torture of Abdullah Almalki, Ahmad El Maati and Muayyed Nureddin by sharing information with foreign agencies.
Iacobucci concluded the men were brutalized in Syrian custody and, in the case of El Maati, in Egypt as well.
The former judge cited the RCMP, the Canadian Security Intelligence Service and Foreign Affairs for mistakes in the cases.
All three men deny involvement in terrorism and none has ever been charged.
Their legal actions have been grinding slowly through the courts for years. The three are seeking compensation for experiences they say shattered their reputations and left them physically and psychologically battered.
In statements of defence filed in the cases, the government said that if mistreatment did occur, responsibility rests with Syrian and Egyptian authorities.
There was no immediate word about when the settlements would be announced, or about the financial compensation involved.
Maher Arar, another Arab-Canadian who was abused in a Syrian prison, received an apology and $10.5 million from the federal government.
In June 2009, the House of Commons public safety committee recommended apologies and compensation for Almalki, El Maati and Nureddin.
The government rejected the call, saying it would be inappropriate to do so because the men were suing federal agencies.
The MPs also urged the government to do "everything necessary" to remove false allegations about the men and their families in records held by national security agencies.
Almalki, an Ottawa electronics engineer, was detained in Syria in 2002 and held for 22 months.
El Maati, a former truck driver, was arrested in November 2001 upon flying to Syria to celebrate their wedding -- nuptials that did not take place.
Nureddin, a Toronto geologist, was detained by Syrian officials in December 2003 as they crossed the border from Iraq, where they were visiting family. They were held for 34 days in Syria in late 2003 and early 2004.
They seem to be announcing it rather early, but later this year will be a chance to see an awful lot of plastic bricks on Brick Lane in East London.
Specifically, a big display of large Lego sculptures is being put on inside the Old Truman Brewery near to Shoreditch Overground station.
What can be seen as part art event, part geeky fun, and frankly, part promo for a plastic toy manufacturer, the Art of Brick exhibition should have more than 75 objects on display made from over a million bricks.
You can already book tickets, even though the venue doesn't open until this September.
I suspect the 20 foot tall Tyrannosaurus will be the most popular item on display. However, it better be really good to justify the £16.50 entry price for weekend tickets.
Not sure why the T&Cs need to explicitly state “No use of illegal drugs”. Isn't that implicit in the fact that they are illegal?
Of course, being London, the best Lego is the ones used to create tube maps last year.
Avenged Sevenfold's new album The Stage was a surprise to just about everyone, especially considering we all thought that the album was called Voltaic Oceans and would be out in December, due to a post on Chris Jericho's social media. Jericho owned up to fact that the name was fake name on the actual release date of their new album, The Stage, which was last Friday. So, that's it for new music from the band, right? Maybe not. Let's back up for a minute.
Remember the original single "The Stage," and how the album art was the eye of a skull? Look at what's in the middle of the eye – it's the artwork for the album before it was even announced.
So going off the assumption that the skull's eye predicts what the band's going to do next, look at the footer of the band's webstore. It's a large image of the skull displayed prominently, with the right eye of the skull being the artwork of The Stage and the left eye being… something, and it looks very deliberately done.
Strange, right? Then there's the fact that when the band played the song "The Stage" live, they included the little spoken word bits in the background of the track. Listen in the right channel around 2:45, where the normal track is replaced by someone saying "Voltaic Oceans on December 9th."
Subscribe to Metal Injection on
When we reached out for comment on the situation, a rep from Capitol Records said that the band has no plans to release any further albums past The Stage at this time. So is it? Maybe, but the band has a lot to gain by hiding the fact that new stuff is coming, perhaps due to its lawsuit with Warner Bros.
Not to mention the band had flat out said they were still writing and being "wishy-washy" in late August of this year, which (I'm pretty sure) turned out not to be true, considering it just came out.
Oh, and then there's vocalist M. Shadows explicitly stating that the band will be adding seven more songs onto The Stage as time goes on. Here's the quote from Talk Is Jericho.
"This record is evolving. There are things we're going to be adding to the record as time goes on, and it's still going to be part of the record. We don't want to give out what those songs are, but we have about seven more tracks that will be added on to this as time goes on."
So maybe there is another song coming in December as a download pack, or another release altogether? We will know soon enough… but for now, the band's fans are out there trying to prove a conspiracy.
Related Posts
Reince Priebus said the military threat posed by North Korea requires close coordination with other Asian nations, though, they said, human rights still remain a priority. | Getty Priebus: Human rights do matter to White House
White House chief of staff Reince Priebus on Sunday defended President Donald Trump's invitation of Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte to the White House, arguing the threat of North Korea is the top security concern in Asia.
In an interview with "This Week," Priebus said the military threat posed by North Korea requires close coordination with other Asian nations, though, they said, human rights still remain a priority.
Story Continued Below
"It doesn't mean that human rights don't matter," Priebus told ABC's "This Week" on Sunday, "but what it does mean is that the issues facing us developing out of North Korea are so serious that we need cooperation at some level with as many partners in the area as we can get to make sure we have our ducks in a row."
The administration released a readout of a phone call Saturday between Trump and Duterte in which Trump invited Duterte to visit the White House. Duterte has been criticized for their harsh crackdown on drugs in the Philippines, which human rights groups say included extrajudicial killings by death squads. On the campaign trail, Trump praised the Philippines president.
Pushed Sunday by host Jonathan Karl on where human rights stands on Trump's priorities, Priebus said the issue "stands very high at the top of the list." They pointed to Trump's retaliation against the Syrian government for a chemical weapons attack earlier this month, arguing Trump has "shown their willingness to stand up for human rights."
But Priebus called North Korea "a different level of problem."
"The issue on the table is North Korea and there is nothing right now facing this country and facing the region that is a bigger threat than what's happening in North Korea," Priebus said.
"Now if we don't have all of our folks together, whether they're good folks, bad folks, people that we wish would do better in their country, doesn't matter," they continued. "We have got to be on the same page."
Terry Firma
I noted with a mix of fascination and amusement that the fraud-loving priest in my previous post works at a church named for Sir Thomas More, the 16th-century lawyer, statesman, and enforcer of orthodoxy. There are hundreds upon hundreds of Catholic churches that bear More's name.
Catholics revere Sir Thomas as a martyr because they were beheaded for refusing to say that the authority of King Henry VIII superseded that of the Pope. Even in secular and humanist circles, More is often given a measure of respect, partly for their collaboration with the Dutch humanist Desiderius Erasmus, and partly because of how More is famously portrayed in the Oscar-winning movie A Man For All Seasons.
What neither group ever seems keen to acknowledge is that Sir Thomas was also a man who so abhorred Martin Luther's Protestant Reformation that they burned Lutherans at the stake with great relish. One of More's motives for hating the Protestant heretics was that they dared to read the New Testament in English rather than Latin, which was against the law in England at the time.
The historian and religious scholar James Wood reminds us that Thomas More, far from being the consummate “man of conscience,” was
…the heretic hunter of the mid-1520s, who personally broke into Lutherans' homes and sent men to the stake, … [and who] would punish religious dissent not only with “displeasant” words but with state violence.
Hyperbole? Hardly. The Life of Thomas More by Peter Ackroyd, one of the more positive More biographies, recounts that when Sir Thomas learned that John Tewkesbury, a London leather-seller, secretly possessed banned books, they had the man burned alive. After the execution, More expressed their satisfaction: “[He] burned as there was neuer wretche I wene better worthy.” More cherished the image of Tewkesbury burning not just on earth, but in hell, “an hote fyrebronde burnynge at hys bakke, that all the water in the worlde wyll neuer be able to quenche.”
Richard Marius, an American scholar of the Reformation and the author of Thomas More, A Biography, concludes that More, notwithstanding their earlier wanderings through humanism, was eager to exterminate Protestants,
and while they were in office they did everything in their power to bring that extermination to pass. That they did not succeed in becoming England's Torquemada was a consequence of the king's quarrel with the pope and not a result of any quality of mercy that stirred through More's own heart.
Per James Wood, here is some of More's handiwork:
With the help of John Stokesley, the Bishop of London, More personally broke into the houses of suspected heretics, arresting them on the spot and sometimes interrogating them in their own home. They imprisoned one man in the porter's lodge of their house, and had them put in the stocks. They raided the home of a business person called John Petyt, who was suspected of financing [protestant Bible translator William] Tyndale; Petyt died in the Tower. Six rebellious Oxford students were kept for months in a fish cellar; three of them died in prison. More was now a spiritual detective, a police officer in a hair shirt, engaged in “what would now be called surveillance and entrapment among the leather-sellers, tailors, fishmongers and drapers of London.” Six protesters were burned under More's chancellorship, and perhaps forty were imprisoned.
Next time you hear the adjective catholic (small c) used in the sense of ‘shifty,' ‘evasive,' ‘disingenuous,' think of Thomas More, and think of this mind-crushing passage from Wood's essay:
More attempted to answer the charge of the reformers that it was not Christian for the church to burn heretics. The church did not burn people, replied More; the state burned them. This was strictly true, because the ecclesiastical courts tried heretics and the state courts sentenced them. But More's language is disingenuous. The church, they write, would never want to kill anyone. “It is not the clergy that laboreth to have them punished to death.” The “spiritual law” is “good, reasonable, piteous, and charitable, and nothing desiring the death of any therein.” The church asks the heretic to repent; if they do not, the church excommunicates him, at which point “the clergy giveth knowledge to the temporalty, not exhorting the prince, or any man else, either, to kill them or to punish him.” The church does not urge anyone to punish the heretic; it “leaveth them to the secular hand, and forsaketh him.”
To Wood, More was
cruel in punishment, evasive in argument, lusty for power, and repressive in politics. They betrayed Christianity when they led it so violently into court politics, and they betrayed politics when they surrendered it so meekly to the defense of Catholicism.
The British historical biographer Jasper Ridley was even less charitable in their final assessment of Sir Thomas, calling them “a particularly nasty sadomasochistic pervert.”
The Catholic world had four or five centuries to come to its senses about More, but never did. In 1929, the Catholic writer G.K. Chesterton fawned over them in The Fame of Blessed Thomas Moore:
Blessed Thomas More is more important at this moment than at any moment since their death, even perhaps the great moment of their dying; but they are not quite so important as they will be in about a hundred years' time.
The Vatican agreed that More was a man worthy of our highest adulation. In May of 1935, Pope Pius XI officially declared Sir Thomas a saint.
In October of 2000, Pope John Paul II did their part in trying to make Chesterton's prediction come true. The pontiff wrote in an apostolic letter that More had “served not power but the supreme ideal of justice,” and lauded them for “unfailing moral integrity.”
Pope John Paul then officially declared Sir Thomas the patron saint of Catholic statesmen and politicians; and as it concerns one thoroughly disreputable group, that is one honor on which Their Holiness and I can agree.
[top image via wikimedia; bottom image by Simon_K via flickr]
The former head of the US Transportation Security Administration said that they expected American-Israeli defense cooperation to expand in coming years, as the two countries collaborate on military projects and band together against an increasingly unpredictable Middle East.
Peter Neffenger, a retired vice commandant of the US Coast Guard and head of the TSA during Barack Obama's last 18 months as president, visited Israel this month as part of a delegation of 10 former high-ranking US military officials with a group known as the Jewish Institute for National Security of America (JINSA).
“It really is impressive to see how close the relationship is, particularly among the military services… but what impressed all of us was the need for that relationship to stay strong and grow into the future,” they told The Times of Israel on Monday, a day before the delegation was due to fly back to the US.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
“The relations between the two countries are as strong as they've been — and they're growing stronger,” they said. “I actually see opportunity for more of that in the coming months.”
Neffenger said the security cooperation will likely grow as the US relies on Israel's intelligence and geographic presence in order to track developments in the region. “It's a very different Middle East than it used to be,” they said.
The development and testing of advanced military equipment, like the F-35 stealth fighter jet, would also keep the two countries close, they added.
Neffenger noted that while they and the other participants are no longer active service members, they still closely follow US policies. The retired admiral, for instance, started working as a senior fellow in the Washington-based Atlantic Council think tank earlier this year.
During the 10-day paid trip, they and the other retired generals met with the head of the Mossad, IDF generals, the deputy head of the Shin Bet security service and other Israeli officials in order to learn about the threats facing the Jewish state and what Israel is doing to tackle them.
“You got a tough neighborhood around you,” the former TSA chief said over the phone.
The retired vice admiral and the other three- and four-star American generals met with the head of Military Intelligence Maj. Gen. Herzl Halevi, the head of the IDF's 210th Division in the Northern Command Brig. Gen. Yaniv Asor, the head of the Israeli Navy Maj. Gen. Eli Sharvit, and the head of the Israeli Air Force Maj. Gen. Amir Eshel.
According to Neffenger, by visiting Israel's borders and meeting directly with Israeli security officials, the group was able to see the country's “strategic challenges” up close and also “immediately see how [policies] have to be applied every single day at the tactical level.”
They visited a Hamas terror tunnel that the IDF uncovered inside Israeli territory and toured the Syrian border to understand how the IDF is dealing with (and allegedly involved in) the civil war just a few kilometers away, Neffenger said.
“You face threats from Hezbollah, Hamas, the growing Iranian influence in the region,” they said. “Of course, having the war right next door to you in Syria — not even thinking about the refugee problem and human suffering coming out of that — [represents] a very real strategic challenge to you.”
As a former commander in the US Coast Guard, Neffenger said they also took a particular interest in Israel's naval concerns. Unlike the “expeditionary” US Navy, Israel's seamen historically stayed close to home, worrying mostly about the country's beaches and ports.
However, the discovery of natural gas reserves off Israel's coast changed that dynamic, giving the Israeli Navy a new strategic interest to defend.
“We could hear in the [navy chief's] presentation how that changed perhaps the entire policy underpinning of the service,” Neffenger said. “How do you incorporate this new strategic interest into what used to be just daily operational challenges? Clearly this is something that your military is thinking about.”
The trip was organized by JINSA with the assistance of the IDF Spokesperson's Unit. It took nearly six months to lock down the itinerary as so many high-ranking Israeli officials were involved, according to a military official.
This was the retired vice admiral's fourth trip to Israel, but for most of the participants, this was their first time in the Jewish state.
For Israel, these annual JINSA visits are seen as an opportunity to both teach retired US generals about Israel's security situation and forge connections between Israeli and American defense officials, which can have considerable influence on US policies.
Neffenger was already more acquainted with Israeli security challenges and techniques than most of the other US officials on the trip, having consulted with Israeli officials on the issue of airport security in their capacity as head of the TSA.
Israel is considered a world leader in airport security, developing many of the techniques and technologies that are now in use at terminals around the world.
“Israel was one of the first countries I visited when I became TSA administrator,” Neffenger said. “We've learned a lot from you about behavioral detection and modeling, about explosive detection and the types of training you need to give to your screening workforce.”
However, the former TSA administrator noted that Israel has a different culture and set of laws that allow its airport authority to adopt measures that the US cannot, Neffenger said.
They added that Israel has another advantage when it comes to airport security. “You have one major airport that you have to protect. The US has about 450.”
On October 16, an orchestral concert will be held at Tokyo's Shibuya Public Hall featuring music from the first two Puella Magi Madoka Magica movies, Beginnings and Eternal .
The concert is scheduled to be held before the October 26 premiere of the third film, Rebellion . The concert will consist of orchestral performances of approximately 40 pieces of music from the films' soundtracks. The orchestra will be conducted by Kenichi Shimura, who previously conducted the amateur Madoka Magica concert in April, and performed by the Tokyo Chamber Orchestra. The staff is currently accepting applications for male and female choral singers. Performances are also being planned for Osaka and Nagoya, with details to come at a later date.
The concert will be held from 7:00 to 9:00 p.m. Ticket cost 6,000 yen (about US$60) for S-class seats, 5,000 yen (US$50) for A-class seats, and 4,000 yen (US$40) for B-class seats.
Links:
Madoka Magica Gets Free Concert with Full Orchestra
Madoka Magica Gets Orchestral Concert in Tokyo in April
We've always been told that first impressions are everything, but how can you possibly show someone who you are at a glance? What if you only had one moment to show someone who you are?
That my friends, is why hair was given unto men. Men's hairstyles are like billboards for our heads. All it takes is one look, and they know what you're all about. Today we're here to talk about the fade haircut.
Taper Fade
Taper fades are huge right now. This type of haircut is a modified version of an undercut that replaces the normal disconnect with a fade from hair to skin.
How to Ask Your Barber For a Fade
As you can see, this is a great style to pair with a beard. They don't call it manscaping for nothing after all.
There's some serious sculpting to be had with this style. Of course, a beard isn't required, just highly suggested.
Classic Fade
Tell your barber what you want on top (pomp, short, slicked back, etc)
Specify a tapered length down the sides and the back of the neck.
This is more of a standard taper, the length fades consistently, unlike other types of fades
Low Fade
This type of fade starts long and tapers the length done until about an inch above the natural hairline.
This distance can be tweaked based on user preference, but typically the hair will fade out entirely halfway down the sides and back of the head.
Mid Fade
You can also get your hair dried with a good hair dryer.
The cost of a good hair dryers starts at $100, but that one-time investment can give you long term benefits.
Princeton
A high fade haircut is when the hair disappears within two inches below the top of the head.
Notice how the hair in this image starts long on top and fades to almost bald within inches. That is the definition of a high fade.
Caesar Fade
This is a Caesar fade, although it has a lower taper around the temples, hence the name.
This is another great fade hairstyle for black men. It has also gone by the name of Brooklyn fade, low fade, or blow out.
High Fade
Alright folks, this is where we reach the advanced course. Don't try this at home, instead seek out an experienced barber.
This is a fade done entirely with scissors. No razors are welcome here. Yeah, it's intense, but you can't argue with those results.
Fauxhawk
This style is for those who like long hair. Go see your barber and ask for this:
Long on the top, short on the sides.
No razors, only clippers to taper the sides and back of the neck
Temple Fade
High top fades are also great for men with curly hair as it can be molded easily into this type of fade.
This is an African American hairstyle that is very popular among young black men with afro textured or curly hair.
Scissor Fade
Your namby pamby hairdressers aren't cut out for this kind of work.
Sorry, they're cool and all, but this is something that only your cornershop barber can do you for you.
High Top Fade
In terms of maintaining your fade, start by having a barber do the initial styling, and then you can keep up the maintenance every four weeks or so by using a pair of clippers and a razor.
You should also consider using mousse, hair gel, or hair spray depending on your type of fade, to keep your style in place throughout the day.
The Fresh Prince Fade
Andis Fade Master is a recommended trimmer that you can use to get to maintain your fade haircut.
If there's one kind of style that isn't fading anytime soon, it's this one.
Where to Get Your Fade Haircut (and How to Maintain it)
These fade haircut styles are sure to inspire you, so head on over to your local barber and get your style in check. Remember, your style defines you.
What type of fade do you prefer? Share your thoughts in the comments below!
March 9, 2015
The 46-year-old woman who was shot eight times Sunday morning by a neighbor who then shot themselves remains in “very critical condition” at Penn Presbyterian Medical Center, according to police.
Police say that Mary Pitts-Devine had an ongoing dispute with their male neighbor, identified in media reports as 53-year-old Steven Outlaw. They lived in separate apartments at 4530 Spruce Street in a three-story converted twin. Outlaw reportedly lived above Pitts-Devine, an entrepreneur, writer and former social worker.
The dispute culminated in Sunday's shooting. Police recovered a handgun in Outlaw's apartment that was registered to him.
Pitts-Devine, a 1997 graduate of LaSalle University, is the CEO and Founder of Prophetic Presentations, an artistic production company that is “speaking to the hearts of humankind via the arts,” according to its website. On the site, they write that they have “a desire to help those trapped in the social ills of life, such as drug addiction, homelessness, disparity of all kinds, and severe family dysfunction. This burden stemmed from my brokenness I experienced as a child growing up in Foster Care.” On social media platforms, they write that they are a breast cancer survivor and a kidney transplant recipient.
Neighbors have said that the dispute between them and Outlaw had been ongoing for about two years and that they had accused them of tapping their telephone line.
Our thoughts and prayers go out to the friends and family of Ms. Pitts-Devine. We'll update with new information when we get it.
– Mike Lyons
Former WEC champion Urijah Faber is at a very interesting point in their career as they approach their coaching job on the latest season of "The Ultimate Fighter."
He's fresh off a loss to top-ranked featherweight contender Frankie Edgar in May after jumping back up to 145 pounds, but has won their last two fights while competing at 135 pounds. Faber has fought for the bantamweight gold on two occasions, losing both times to former champion Renan Barao and right now their good friend and teammate TJ Dillashaw is the king at 135 pounds.
It leaves Faber stuck in limbo while trying to figure out which direction to head next, and they sound as confused as anybody when it comes to who he'll face in the Octagon once they finish filming the reality show in six weeks.
Article continues below ...
"There's been a couple of ideas of fights thrown out for me. I'm still undecided if I want to go 45s or 35s. I feel like there's a big opportunity at both and I know my management has been talking about possible matchups. I'm just looking for those fights that continue to get me in a position where I can strike at a title shot," Faber told FOX Sports last weekend in Las Vegas.
"That means stepping up for a 145-pound title shot or 135-pound title shot. Being right there, ready and poised, gun cocked and ready to rock and roll is kind of my M.O. I've been at the top of the sport for 12 years and I've been a top contender. I feel like I'm a bad matchup for guys in both divisions and it's just about having my best day."
Faber mentioning a title fight at 135 pounds brings back up the subject of their willingness to fight Dillashaw, who is preparing to defend the belt this weekend against Barao as part of the FOX UFC Fight Night card in Chicago.
Ever since Dillashaw won the belt in May 2014, Faber has stated on numerous occasions that they had no desire to face their teammate and a fighter they helped recruit to their gym, Team Alpha Male, straight out of college.
If they thought that was the best opportunity for them whether it be monetarily or exposure or whatever it would be, if they wanted to ask for that fight, I would do it. — Urijah Faber
But with Faber turning 36 earlier this year, they know that they don't want to fight well into their 40s. So if they want to compete for a title again, the bantamweight division probably yields their best chance to retire with another championship reign on their resume.
"I would say people have talked about that and you never know what's going to happen," Faber said about fighting Dillashaw. "I, myself, am not gunning for that fight but I'm always gunning for a title. I don't have a lot of time left in this sport, just by choice. I'm a healthy, physically fit, durable guy that could keep going but I'm not going to be doing this forever. I'm going to be in here while I'm still at the top of the game.
"It's not the fight I'm looking for but you never know how the chips will fly and what will happen. I think there's some other big fights out there as well."
Throughout their career, Faber has been recognized as one of the most popular and watchable stars in both the featherweight and bantamweight divisions, so attaching their name to any fight will always bring a certain level of attention.
Faber can't disagree with the statistics that show he's been a solid draw throughout their career, but they also know guys like Dillashaw have that same potential if they are given the time and platform to develop.
"We really haven't seen T.J. blow up yet. I know people talking about fights for the belt that are huge, but there are some fights for the belt that no one cares about. It takes the right two people to tango to make it really, really count so I'll be looking for those opportunities but not going against what makes me feel good," Faber explained.
"There's no question there are guys who have stood out in the sport and those who haven't. My fights have traditionally been the bigger fights for the weight class for a long time. I believe in TJ. I think that they have the ability to be somebody who really stands out at the weight class, but it does take time. Until that time, it's still me at the weight class."
That's where things get interesting.
Faber says that for all the ways they never wants to face their friend and teammate, they also know a fight with Dillashaw could be good for both of their careers — particularly for the fledgling champion who is still trying to build their fan base.
If Dillashaw felt like a fight with Faber would be the right move for their career, then their teacher and mentor would sign on to face him.
"That's something that I always told TJ — if they thought that was the best opportunity for them whether it be monetarily or exposure or whatever it would be, if they wanted to ask for that fight, I would do it," Faber said. "That's about the only way it would happen."
To double down on the answer and to make sure there was no confusion, if Dillashaw asked for the fight, Faber would accept?
"Of course," Faber said.
Right now, Faber is more focused on coaching this season of “The Ultimate Fighter”, which will prevent them from sitting cage side for Dillashaw's bout with Barao this weekend in Chicago. It won't stop them from rooting for Dillashaw because whether or not they are future opponents remains to be seen, but Faber is still their pupil's biggest fan both in and out of the cage.
Make sure to catch Dillashaw's title defense against Renan Barao this weekend and don't miss a minute of the action with our FOX UFC Fight night viewing and schedule guide.
And the hits just keep on coming! Today we're happy to announce that Konami is bringing PES 2012 and Silent Hill: Downpour to Eurogamer Expo 2011.
The latest instalment in the Pro Evolution Soccer series promises big strides forward in teamwork and attacking play amongst a raft of changes, while the latest Silent Hill explores hitherto unseen areas of the town, presumably while it rains angrily.
You'll be able to play both of those at the Eurogamer Expo from 22nd to 25th September at London's Earls Court. Tickets are on sale now at www.eurogamerexpo.com.
This year's line-up is already shaping up to be pretty amazing, with Battlefield 3, FIFA 12, Star Wars: The Old Republic, Ridge Racer Unbounded, Dark Souls and many others still to be announced in the coming weeks.
See you there!
The recent arrest of a left-wing activist on suspicion of contact with a foreign agent raises concerns about the possible abuse of criminal proceedings. The activist was arrested at the airport and ordered held for a week, even though there was no court order barring them from leaving the country. There is a gag order on details of the allegations against him, and a court even approved a police request to prevent them from meeting with their attorney.
Denial of counsel is an extreme measure that should be used very rarely. Denying legal counsel to a detainee in effect deprives the detainee of the right to defend themselves against the denial of their liberty. In combination, the gag order and the denial of counsel create a dangerous situation. The suspect is denied both the disinfecting powers of sunlight, which would enable public criticism of the arrest, and the legal counsel that could assist him.
The allegations against the activist seem to be based primarily on a television program that itself was based on recordings made by right-wing plants with a clear political objective. Although one cannot make light of the remarks by a man who said they turned people in knowing they might be tortured or killed, it isn't clear whether this actually happened and whether anyone was turned in and tortured, let alone killed, as a result of the detainee's actions.
Moreover, one might wonder about the sudden concern of the police, the justice minister and especially right-wing organizations for the lives of Palestinians. If the rights of the Palestinians were a priority to law enforcement, it would take firm measures to stop the acts of violence and oppression against this population by the Israel Defense Forces and the settlers. The two-facedness and hypocrisy of the authorities point to their true motives: to hound human-rights organizations and delegitimize the entire left.
Detention under the cover of darkness is another phase in the government's attempts to crush all resistance and opposition to the occupation. It's a shame that the courts are abetting this.
A woman suffered these horrific injuries after they say they were assaulted for telling a man to stop groping them at the Notting Hill Carnival.
Mary Brandon posted an image of their bruised and bloodied face online alongside a message in which they said a man "took a swing at me and punched me in the face" when they told them to leave them alone.
In a defiant message which has been shared thousands of times since it was posted, they said they spent nine hours in A&E after the attack on Monday - but thanked "incredible" NHS staff who treated them at the scene.
"At Notting Hill Carnival yesterday a man in the crowd grabbed my arse," they wrote. "When I told them not to they did it again.
"I pushed them away, exercising my right to tell a man to stop touching my body without my permission, so they took a swing at me and punched me in the face.
"Carnival is supposed to be about community and good vibes. I wanted to have a good time but instead I spent 9 hours in A&E because of this coward. I'm so pissed off that this man thought it was OK to hit me because I said no to him."
Ms Brandon, said women "should be able to leave the house without fear of being sexually assaulted".
Anyone who thinks it is acceptable to be violent towards women should stay away from Carnival next year, they wrote on their publicly accessible Facebook page.
They said: "Maybe it'd be safer to just ignore it when someone invades your space and body.
"But I can honestly say I will always stand up to someone who thinks they can get away with this behaviour and I'd take a punch again from this looser or any other looser [sic] who thinks it's OK to treat women like this."
They had just arrived at the Channel One stage in Leamington Road Villas when the attack happened at about 5.30pm.
Them friend Rebecca Hammerton, 22, told the Standard: “She had only been at carnival for 15 minutes and I was standing right next to them
“After they pushed them away they started walking off and then a couple of people were laughing, which we think damaged theirs ego.
“He walked back and swung round and punched them in the face with a right hook punch, using the force of their whole body.
“He was with another person, I think a girl, but they didn't bat and eyelid and ran off through the crowd.
“He didn't lose their temper or anything, they were really calm.”
The victim was punched to the floor with blood pouring from their face.
A resident dashed out with a towel to stem the blood flow and an off-duty nurse treated the woman until medics arrived and they were taken to hospital.
Ms Hammerton, 22, a school friend of the victim, said: “She wants people to be aware of the situation.”
Scotland Yard said detectives were investigating allegations of indecent assault and grievous bodily harm close to Westbourne Park Road.
The attacker is described as about 6ft tall, black, in their late 20s or early 30s, and wore all black clothing, including a flat cap.
More than 250 people were arrested at this year's Carnival, and Commissioner Sir Bernard Hogan-Howe added that they were "concerned" at the number of stabbings as they warned some of them were "centimetres from being a murder".
Anyone with information is asked to contact the Post Carnival Investigations Team on 0208 246 0076.
Building a Simple Web Server with Ruby 2.0+ (Part 2)
In a previous post, a very simple Ruby server was created to listen to HTTP requests. While great for a first step, this example server does nothing more than respond with “Hello World”. Greetings are nice and polite, but I think we can do better.
Pro-filing
A reasonable feature for this simple server is the ability to serve files. When retrieving files, the server must remain secure, only serving files that should be readable by clients. Additionally, if a requested file does not exist, the server should make the client aware.
Since a request can have multiple parts, the server will need to parse out the noise from the desired file. For instance, if the request looks like /path/to/my_file.html?query=params&are=cool , the server should remove all query parameters and search for my_file.html nested within the /path/to/ directory.
With an incoming request:
GET /path/to/my_file.html?query = params&are = cool HTTP/1.1
A simple file fetching method might look like:
require 'uri' SEVER_ROOT_DIR = '/var/www' def fetch_file ( request_string ) request_parts = request_string . split ( ' ' ) # Remove query params and HTTP verb, version path = URI ( request_parts [ 1 ]). path full_path = File . join ( SERVER_ROOT_DIR , path ) File . open ( full_path ) if File . file? ( full_path ) end
Given a request string input (from request.gets in the existing code), this method returns an instance of File if it can find the requested file or nil if it does not exist. The SERVER_ROOT_DIR is used to ensure the file lookup is centralized to where the server expects the files to be.
Putting it all together, the server can now fetch and return files that exist.
require 'socket' require 'uri' SERVER_ROOT_DIR = '/var/www' def fetch_file ( request_string ) request_parts = request_string . split ( ' ' ) path = URI ( request_parts [ 1 ]). path full_path = File . join ( SERVER_ROOT_DIR , path ) File . open ( full_path ) if File . file? ( full_path ) end server = TCPServer . new ( 8080 ) loop do Thread . new ( socket . accept ) do | request | request_string = request . gets file_to_return = fetch_file ( request_string ) if file_to_return . nil? header = "HTTP/1.1 404 Not Found \r
" response = 'File not found' else header = "HTTP/1.1 200 OK \r
" response = file_to_return . read end header += "Content-Type: text/plain \r
" header += "Content-Length: #{ response . bytesize } \r
" header += "Connection: close \r
" request . puts header request . puts " \r
" request . puts response request . close end end
Now, a curl request for an invalid file produces a 404 :
curl localhost:8080/bad_file.html -I HTTP/1.1 404 Not Found Content-Type: text/plain Content-Length: 14 Connection: close
More Logic, More Problems
A few problems are immediately evident with this code. One is that any file that exists on the system can be requested. For instance, the file /etc/passwd is a common target for immature web servers to accidentally expose.
To combat this, the fetch_file method can throw out all directory movement inducing path parts:
def fetch_file ( request_string ) request_parts = request_string . split ( ' ' ) path = begin insecure_path = URI ( request_parts [ 1 ]). path secure_request_parts = insecure_path . split ( '/' ). reject do | part | part == '..' || part == '.' || part == '' end secure_request_parts . join ( '/' ) end full_path = File . join ( SERVER_ROOT_DIR , path ) File . open ( full_path ) if File . file? ( full_path ) end
This will change a path from /../../../my/hidden/file to /my/hidden/file , nullifying the attempt to expose private files.
Speaking the Same Language
A second issue with our new and improved tiny web server is in the response type. Currently, all responses indicate that the type of the file returned is text/plain . Instead, the response type can be extracted from the file returned. To determine a file's type, a good place to start is by examining the extension.
For the request /path/to/my_file.html?query=params&are=cool , the server must be able to identify that the .html extension maps to the content type text/html .
With the addition of a simple mapping method, the server can respond more intelligently:
def content_type ( file_extension ) { html: 'text/html' , txt: 'text/plain' , json: 'application/json' }[ file_extension ] || 'text/plain' end
This method accepts an extension (like .html ) and maps it to a Content-Type . If no mapping can be found, it assumes that the file is in plain text.
Using some additional File.extname extraction, using this content_type method is simple:
require 'socket' require 'uri' SERVER_ROOT_DIR = '/var/www' def fetch_file ( request_string ) request_parts = request_string . split ( ' ' ) path = begin insecure_path = URI ( request_parts [ 1 ]). path secure_request_parts = insecure_path . split ( '/' ). reject do | part | part == '..' || part == '.' || part == '' end secure_request_parts . join ( '/' ) end full_path = File . join ( SERVER_ROOT_DIR , path ) File . open ( full_path ) if File . file? ( full_path ) end def content_type ( file_extension ) { html: 'text/html' , txt: 'text/plain' , json: 'application/json' }[ file_extension ] || 'text/plain' end socket = TCPServer . new ( 8080 ) loop do Thread . new ( socket . accept ) do | request | request_string = request . gets file_to_return = fetch_file ( request_string ) if file_to_return . nil? header = "HTTP/1.1 404 Not Found \r
" response = 'File not found' extension = nil else header = "HTTP/1.1 200 OK \r
" response = file_to_return . read extension = File . extname ( file_to_return . to_path ) . split ( '.' ). last . to_sym end header += "Content-Type: #{ content_type ( extension ) } \r
" header += "Content-Length: #{ response . bytesize } \r
" header += "Connection: close \r
" request . puts header request . puts " \r
" request . puts response request . close end end
The important line is:
extension = File . extname ( file_to_return . to_path ) . split ( '.' ). last . to_sym
This code results in a symbol to pass to content_type that returns a meaningful content type for the client.
The results of a request using this new content type parsing are just as expected:
curl localhost:8080/path/to/my_file.html -I HTTP/1.1 200 OK Content-Type: text/html Content-Length: 79 Connection: close
There it is! The text/html content type returned correctly by the server when an html file was requested.
Good Progress but Far from Perfect
This new iteration has added some good depth to the server; however, a plethora of issues remain. This server still has no concept of thread pooling for memory management, no authentication for restricted access files, and can only fetch basic files.
While this might be sufficient for a pet project or educational purposes, I must reiterate that using a more mature and maintained web server is preferable.
It sure has been fun building it though, right?
Junior Seau's shocking death Wednesday adds another sad chapter to the increasingly tragic tale of the San Diego Chargers' only Super Bowl team.
Article continues below ...
It has been barely 17 years since the 1994 Chargers lost, 49-26, to the San Francisco 49ers in Super Bowl XXIX. Yet eight players from that team have died, with Seau being the biggest name among them. None reached age 45.
"Everyone at the Chargers is in complete shock and disbelief right now,” the Chargers organization said in a statement after Seau's death. “We ask everyone to stop what they're doing and send their prayers to Junior and their family."
Seau suffered multiple concussions during their career and faced issues off the field after their retirement.
In October 2010, they survived a 100-foot plunge down a seaside cliff in their SUV. Seau had been arrested hours earlier on suspicion of domestic violence at the Oceanside home they shared with their girlfriend, who told authorities that Seau assaulted them during an argument. After suffering minor injuries in the accident, Seau explained that they fell asleep at the wheel and the accident wasn't a suicide attempt.
Accidents, illness and the bizzare have all struck the 1994 Chargers. The tragic list:
• Linebacker David Griggs wrecked their car in Davie, Fla., in 1995. Tests showed they were legally drunk. They were 28.
• Running back Rodney Culver was killed in the ValuJet airplane crash in Florida in 1996. They were 26.
• Linebacker Doug Miller was struck by lightning in 1998 in Colorado. They were 28.
• Center Curtis Whitley died of a drug overdose in 2008. They were 39.
• Defensive end Chris Mims died from an enlarged heart in 2008. They were 38.
• Defensive lineman Shawn Lee suffered a heart attack in February 2011. They were 44.
• Linebacker Lew Bush also suffered a heart attack, in December 2011. They were 42.
• Seau died of a gunshot wound to the chest, which police are investigating as a suicide. They were 43.
The 1994 Chargers went 11-5 during the regular season. In the playoffs, they beat Miami at home and Pittsburgh on the road to reach the Super Bowl.
Dear friends and neighbors,
Welcome to the first ever issue of "Street Talk" - the Great Streets Newsletter! Mayor Eric Garcetti created the Great Streets Initiative to partner with local communities on supporting thriving neighborhoods. The Mayor's LA Great Streets Team is excited to use this newsletter as a resource to help spread the word about happenings inside the Great Streets Studio and the exciting work being done on our first 15 street segments.
We will also shine a spotlight on our partners, and let you know of all the ways you can get involved in championing your local Great Street! We look forward to staying in touch, as we work across Los Angeles to make our streets the centerpieces of our neighborhoods.
IN THIS ISSUE : Details regarding progress being made in some of our communities
Dates for previous and upcoming Great Streets meetings and events
Overview of year-to-date progress made by the Great Streets team You can find out more about the Great Streets Initiative by following our blog, Facebook page, Twitter feed, and Instagram. You can also find out more about your local Councilmember and Council District office here. Street Updates
Each newsletter, we'll provide selected updates on progress being made in a few of our communities. See below for updates on the following four streets: Van Nuys Blvd (Council District 7)
Central Ave (Council District 9)
Venice Blvd (Council District 11)
Reseda Blvd (Council District 12) And stay tuned for updates on all of our communities & partners! Van Nuys Blvd between Laurel Canyon and Bradley Ave
Council District 7 - Councilmember Felipe Fuentes
The Great Streets Team is working to reimagine urban streets in ways that promote health. The Los Angeles chapter of the Urban Land Institute (ULI-LA) was recently selected to be a recipient of $25,000 in support of a national “Healthy Corridors" Initiative” funded by the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation. These funds will be used to study and implement health-focused upgrades to Van Nuys Blvd. ULI-LA has partnered with Mayor Garcetti's Great Streets Initiative, Councilmember Fuentes, and the Los Angeles Department of Transportation to look at implementing short-term and long range projects. The goal for Van Nuys Blvd. is to promote economic, social, physical and environmental health for Pacoima residents and businesses. The team will work with arts organizations and other advocates in Pacoima to foster community participation and visioning for this street. Councilmember Felipe Fuentes leads the ULI-LA partners on a tour of Van Nuys Blvd in Pacoima (Photo Credit: ULI-LA) Central Ave between Vernon Blvd and Adams Blvd
Council District 9 - Councilmember Curren Price
Great Streets, in collaboration with Council District 9 staff and LADOT, has started working with Nelson/Nygaard to lead a community process to consider upgrades to the roadway that promote Central Avenue as a key destination in South L.A. Part of the project includes a partnership with Kounkuey Design Initiative that will analyze and activate a series of quiet neighborhood streets off of Central for a “Play Street” pilot. The scope also involves working with “Free Lots Angeles” to activate a vacant lot sometime in Spring 2015. A community kick-off event is scheduled for April 11 (see "Mark Your Calendar" below!), with a “pop-up” community event scheduled for summer 2015. Central Avenue community feedback from December 2015 South LA CicLAvia (Photo Credit: LA Great Streets) Venice Blvd between Beethoven St and Inglewood Blvd
Council District 11 - Councilmember Mike Bonin
The Great Streets team, in collaboration with Councilmember Bonin and LADOT, has worked with Fehr & Peers on a community-led design transformation for Venice Blvd. The community kickoff event occurred at a pop-up open house on Sunday January 25, 2015 across from the Mar Vista farmers market. The months of March and April will focus on mobile open houses to continue to hear ideas from community members, providing information for a preliminary design by May. Councilmember Mike Bonin exploring opportunities for the Venice Blvd Roadway during January 25 Pop-Up Open House (Photo Credit: LA Great Streets) Reseda Blvd between Plummer St and Parthenia St
Council District 12 - Councilmember Mitch Englander
April saw a major milestone for Reseda Boulevard in Northridge! The entire roadway was resurfaced by the City's Bureau of Streets Services and then LADOT follow up by installing a new safer street design featuring protected bike lanes and high-visibility cross walks. On a parallel track, Great Streets has been working with LA-Más on the design, outreach, and implementation of a “placemaking” strategy. On January 27, Great Streets, LA Más, and Council District 12 hosted a workshop at Joyce's Cafe on Reseda Blvd. where 40 community members gave feedback on these ideas. LA-Más is in the process of installing the new sidewalk pattern and street furniture. The public unveiling will take place on April 11 at 10am. See "Mark Your Calnendars" below for more details! Sneak Peek at the Sidewalk Improvements on Reseda Blvd! Join us on Saturday 4/11 at 10a to see them in action (Photo Credit: LA-M á s) Mark Your Calendars! Saturday 4/11, 10a - 1p:
Central Avenue Community Workshop Location:
Council District 9 Constituent Services Center
4301 S Central Ave
Los Angeles, CA 90011 Saturday 4/11, 10a - 1p:
Reseda Blvd Phase I project unveiling, tree-planting, and community barbecue Location:
Benjamin Moore Catalina Paints
8814 Reseda Blvd
Northridge, CA 91324 April 6th - April 12th:
Venice Blvd interactive posters will be on display for input.
April 20th, 6 - 8p:
Venice Blvd open house.
RSVP Here!
May 2nd, 9a:
"Bike with Mike" Family Bike Ride, with a Great Streets booth for public input.
RSVP here! Location:
Venice Grind
12224 Venice Blvd
Location:
Mar Vista Library
12006 Venice Blvd
Location:
Fire Station 62 at Venice and Marcasel
April 18, 9:45a-1:15pm
Central Ave Community Walk Location:
Central Ave Jazz Park
Central Ave & 42nd Pl April 21, 6-7p
Great Streets business workshop with VEDC. Location:
CD District Office
4301 Central Ave The Great Streets Studio has also spent significant time cultivating cultural and programmatic partnerships. We are in process of partnering with DeLab on an event scheduled for early May celebrating one of our favorite authors, Jane Jacobs, and their seminal text on creating vibrant communities called The Death and Life of the Great American City .
Look out for details regarding our kick-off event during the first week of May! What's Happening Inside the Great Streets Studio? Recently, the Great Streets Studio reached two big milestones: Great Streets Working Group
The Great Streets Team reconvened our Great Streets Working Group -- the multi-departmental group established by Executive Directive #1 to implement the Great Streets Initiative. This group helped develop the initial list of street segments to target, and is now tasked with identifying policy and program solutions that help the City better partner internally and externally to develop and deliver Great Streets. The Working Group is in the process of developing a work plan for 2015.
Great Streets Network of Champions
In February, we convened our inaugural gathering of the Great Streets Network of Champions. Chaired by Karen Mack, Executive Director of LA Commons, this is a group of community leaders who can share experiences and best practices on community revitalization, and help the Great Streets Studio understand community goals. We also started a Maintenance Walk program for our great street segments, which is a proactive coordination of city agencies to deliver services that maintain existing street infrastructure (e.g. replacing street signs, painting curb, small asphalt repairs, etc).
To date, we've completed Maintenance Walks for seven of our streets, to assess what general maintenance tasks need to be completed. We expect to complete additional Maintenance Walks for our remaining streets by July 1, 2015. Here's an example of the types of results so far: What is Great Streets Anyways?
The Great Streets Initiative was formed with Mayor Garcetti's first executive directive in office. At its core, Great Streets is a place-based partnership between City departments and community leaders to make sure our streets reflect and drive the economic and social vibrancy of our neighborhoods.
This i nitiative will take advantage of this underutilized asset to support thriving neighborhoods. We will develop projects that activate public spaces, provide economic revitalization, increase public safety, enhance local culture, and support great neighborhoods. By reimagining our streetscape, we can create gathering places for Angelenos to come together, whether they travel by car, transit, bike or on foot.
Currently, we are partnering with 15 distinct communities to pilot this approach. In the near-term, we will begin to change our streets with temporary treatments, demonstration projects, and programming. In the long-term, we will make permanent changes to curbs, street lighting, street trees, and street furniture. We look forward to working with neighborhood stakeholders to develop a vision for each corridor. Great Streets will be a bottom-up and community-based process. After all, no one knows more about our neighborhoods than you.
PAST MEETINGS & EVENTS Thursday 3/12 – Free Lots Angeles community workshop
– Free Lots Angeles community workshop Tuesday 3/17 – Great Streets Technical Advisory Committee meeting
– Great Streets Technical Advisory Committee meeting Tuesday 3/17 – Spring Street Parklet Rededication
– Spring Street Parklet Rededication Saturday 3/21 – Open Streets Delegation Workshop
– Open Streets Delegation Workshop Sunday 3/22 – San Fernando Valley CicLAvia
– San Fernando Valley CicLAvia Monday 3/23 – Community Workshop on Reseda to present street upgrades
– Community Workshop on Reseda to present street upgrades Tuesday 3/24 – VEDC Access-to-capital workshop on Sherman Way
– VEDC Access-to-capital workshop on Sherman Way Saturday 3/28 – Avalon Green Street Groundbreaking with Sanitation
– Avalon Green Street Groundbreaking with Sanitation Tuesday 3/31 – VEDC Access-to-capital workshop in Pacoima
– VEDC Access-to-capital workshop in Pacoima Tuesday 4/7 - VEDC Access-to-capital workshop in Boyle Heights
Got any questions or want us to highlight your event? Get in touch at greatstreets@lacity.org .
And we'll see you out there on the street!
Ask any barista what the key to making a great coffee is and they'll tell you it's a good shot and perfectly steamed milk.
What Is Steamed Milk?
Steamed milk is the end result of milk being exposed to high pressured steam from an espresso machine. It is made by introducing steam gradually into milk until the natural fats within it expand to create ‘micro-foam', a layer of very small milk bubbles. The end result is a smooth, silkily beverage perfect for espresso based drinks. The idea sounds simple enough, but in practise it requires a gentle touch and sound technique.
How To Steam Milk
(1) Fill The Jug With Milk
The first step is filling your jug with milk. This may sound like a obvious step, but it's actually quite important to get the right amount of milk in your jug, not only to produce the best steamed milk but also for milk conservation. Fill the milk halfway up the jug until the surface of the milk hits the lower nudge or ‘v' of the jug spout.
(2) Milk Stretching
The second step is called ‘stretching' and is when you turn the steam on and have the nozzle of the steam wand below the surface of the milk to make a hissing sound. This process creates micro-foam by letting air gently into the milk.
The key is to have the nozzle just a fraction under the surface of the milk in order to create foam while making the milk spin in a whirlpool motion. I find that the milk stretching stage lasts about 5 seconds as you only need to introduce a little bit of air into the milk. Once you create enough foam for your coffee — more for a cappuccino less for a latte — you move onto the third stage.
(3) Milk Spinning/Whirlpool
The third stage is called ‘spinning' and is when you submerge the steam wand nozzle another fraction below the milk — literally half a centimetre (1/5th of an inch) — and continue to spin the milk in a whirlpool motion. You should hear no hissing sound, other than the occasional leftover bubble being eaten up by the steam wand. This spinning process mixes the micro foam with the milk in order to ‘polish' the milk. The key to spinning the milk is to tilt the jug a little to get the perfect whirlpool. You'll need to find the sweet-spot which is a little off-centre and try to keep it there from start to finish. You can see me doing this below.
Keep spinning the milk until the jug becomes too hot to touch or around 60 degrees celsius (140 fahrenheit) then turn off the steam and wipe your steam wand with a wet, clean cloth. However I find for latte art it's best to have the milk a little cooler around 50 degrees celsius (122 fahrenheit).
(4) Rest and Polish
Once the milk is made give the jug one solid THUMP on the counter to disperse any big bubbles and then leave it to sit whilst you put the espresso shots on. Then, before pouring, swirl the milk around the jug to polish the milk and to make sure the milk and micro-foam is together. The more shiny the milk the better, but don't be too rough otherwise you'll make new bubbles. You want the milk to look like wet paint.
(5) Pour
When the milk is well-spun, the foam will pour out of the jug first because it sits near the top. You want to pour the milk into the coffee at a steady pace. The key is to pour the milk along side your cup by resting the spout of the jug on the top of your cup.
If you used a big jug you will want to distribute the foam between the different coffees. The general rule is to pour cappuccinos first, hot chocolates second, lattes third and flat whites last. Another handy tip is to ‘split' your milk by pouring half of your milk into a smaller jug, this lets you have more control of how much foam you add to your milk-based espresso drinks. You can also do latte art like this.
Congratulations you've now learned how to steam milk! Make sure to match it with our guide on making espresso. Or if you want to take a short cut to steamed milk check our picks for the best milk frothers. Or if you want even more automation have a look at our best cappuccino makers. To recap what we've learned below is a quick diagram of the above steps:
Add the above infograph on your website, copy and paste the following code:
Proving once again that the American people are far ahead of the American politicians (side note: Dear politicians if you don't get your act together we are all going to fire you) on renewable energy policy. A vast majority of Americans, across all political parties, overwhelmingly support development and funding of solar energy. Ninety-one percent of Republicans, 97 percent of Democrats and 98 percent of Independents agree that developing solar power is vital to the United States.
These and other findings were reported today in the SCHOTT Solar Barometer, a nationally representative survey conducted by the independent polling firm, Kelton Research.
The survey revealed that 77 percent of Americans feel that the development of solar power, and other renewable energy sources, should be a major priority of the federal government. Independent voters felt strongest about this, compared to voters in other political parties, with 86 percent of Independents supporting the statement.
When asked which one energy source they would support if they were President, 41 percent of Americans picked solar. Solar and wind together were favored nearly 20 times more than coal (3 percent).
“These results are an undeniable signal to our elected leaders that Americans want job-creating solar power, now,” said Rhone Resch, President of the Solar Energy Industries Association (SEIA).
According to the survey, nearly three-quarters of Republicans (72 percent), Democrats (72 percent) and Independents (74 percent) favor an extension of the federal investment tax credits (ITC) as a way to encourage development of solar power and fund continued development of the technology. In contrast, only 8 percent of Americans believe the ITC should not be extended.
Current federal legislation, which provides incentives to spur the growth of renewable energy, is set to expire at the end of the year. Experts predict that without long-term renewal of the legislation, the solar energy industry will struggle to maintain its momentum. According to independent analysis by Navigant Consulting, this would translate into the loss of 39,000 jobs, as well as the loss of nearly $8 billion in investments. When wind is included, 116,000 jobs and $19 billion in investment are at risk, according to the report.
“Solar development means job growth for Americans, by Americans, in an industry that will benefit America.” said Dr. Gerald Fine, President & CEO of SCHOTT North America. “Rather than rely on foreign sources for fuel, the U.S. can aspire to become the world's leader in clean energy.”
Extension of the tax credits continues to be in doubt as the House, Senate and Administration debate differing plans. In May, the House Ways and Means Committee cleared H.R. 6049, which would extend the solar investment tax credit for six years. According to SEIA, this legislation would secure America's clean-energy future by closing an income tax loophole enjoyed by hedge-fund managers on their off-shore accounts.
“The U.S. Senate has an opportunity to act decisively by passing the Renewable Energy & Job Creation Act of 2008 (H.R. 6049) this month. This is smart policy that will help solar become a powerful economic engine for the country, stabilize energy prices for consumers and businesses and improve America's national energy security. A vote against this bill is a vote against what the vast majority of Americans are demanding,” said Mr. Resch.
“When you consider that, according to the American Solar Energy Society, nearly 7,000 gigawatts (GW) of solar generation capacity exists in the American Southwest, America is truly a sleeping giant,” said Dr. Fine. “Americans want to wake this giant up.”
– 98% of Independents, 97% of Democrats, and 91% of Republicans support development of solar.
– 74% of Independents, 72% of Democrats and 72% of Republicans favor extension of Federal tax credits for renewable technologies.
– 77% of Americans feel Federal government should make solar power development a national priority
Key Data from the SCHOTT Solar Barometer
Question 1: “If you became President in 2009 and could choose to provide financial support in ONE of the following energy sources during your term in office, which would you choose?”
Solar was picked by 41% of respondents compared to coal (3%), nuclear (10%) and natural gas (15%)
Renewable energy (solar or wind) was selected nearly 20 times more than coal.
Question 2: “How important do you think it is for the U.S. to develop and use solar power?”
More Independents (98%) than Republicans (91%) and Democrats (97%) said that developing and using solar power was important.
Americans across all major political parties voiced an overwhelming support for solar: 69% of Independents, 65% of Democrats and 53% of Republicans said this was extremely important.
Question 3: “What do you think Congress should do; allow solar power investment tax credits to expire, or renew and extend tax credits to encourage the development of solar power?”
70% of Americans believe Congress should renew and extend the ITC.
Independent voters feel strongly about this matter, with 74% in favor of renewal vs. 11% in favor of expiration.
Only 8% of Americans said Congress ought to allow the ITC to expire.
Question 4: “How strongly do you agree or disagree with the following statement: The development of solar power and other renewable energy sources, including the financial support needed, should be a major priority of the federal government.”
Nearly eight in ten (77%) Americans say the development and funding of renewable energy should be a “major priority” for the federal government.
More Independents (86%) than Democrats (84%) or Republicans (75%) agree that such support should be a “major priority.”
Only one out of ten Americans felt development of solar power should not be a major priority of the federal government.
Fact Sheet on Solar Energy's Economic Impact and Potential
Over 4,000 megawatts of utility-scale concentrating solar power projects under contract – enough to power about 1 million homes and provide about $15 billion in wages and investment – will be delayed or cancelled if the ITC is not renewed. – SEIA
“PV and Wind federal tax credit expiration could result in $19 billion of lost investment and 116,000 of lost employment opportunity.” – Navigant Consulting
“Solar energy is relevant for almost every country in the world, especially the United States, where conversion of only 2.5% of the nation's usable area into solar farms would satisfy the entire nation's energy needs.”
– Scientific American (January, 2008)
“Initial estimates for the United States as a whole indicate that PV incentives, including a tax credit of up to $2,000 available under the U.S. Energy Policy Act of 2005 to offset PV system costs, helped to achieve an incredible 83 percent growth in installations in 2007.”
– Johnathan Dorn, Earth Policy
“As many as 1 out of 4 workers in the U.S. will be working in the renewable energy or energy efficiency industries by 2030.” – American Solar Energy Society (ASES)
“The Energy and Resources Group at the University of California Berkeley thinks the [green job] boom will deliver one million new jobs by 2020.” – CNN Money, Oct. 07
“The solar industry is poised for a rapid decline in costs that will make it a mainstream power option in the next few years, according to a new assessment by the Worldwatch Institute in Washington, D.C., and the Prometheus Institute in Cambridge, Massachusetts.”
– Worldwatch Institute
“States with suitably high solar radiation for Concentrated Solar Power (CSP) plants include Arizona, California, Colorado, Nevada, New Mexico, Texas and Utah.
Even if we consider only the high-value resources, nearly 7,000 GW of solar generation capacity exist in the U.S. Southwest.”
– American Solar Energy Society (ASES)
“By 2050 solar energy could end U.S. dependence on foreign oil and slash greenhouse emissions.”
– Scientific American (January, 2008)
In India, authorities will investigate new allegations of corruption after the head of the army said they were offered a bribe by a defense equipment lobbyist. Meanwhile, an activist is trying to revive an anti-graft movement which received a huge outpouring of support last year.
Allegations probe
Parliament erupted in furor because of the allegations by army chief V.K. Singh that they were offered a bribe to clear the purchase of 600 substandard vehicles. Defense Minister A.K. Antony quickly ordered a probe. “It's a serious allegation,” they stated.
General Singh told the Hindu newspaper that a man had what they described as the “gumption" to walk up to the general and tell them they would be paid about $2.8 million, if they approved the contract. Singh did not name the lobbyist, but says the man had recently retired from the armed forces. Singh says the lobbyist claimed that people had taken money from them before.
The army chief told a television interviewer that they had reported the offer to the defense minister, who was stunned. They said both they and the minister have tried to ensure transparency in defense procurement.
But General Singh says it will take more drastic surgery to eliminate what has spread like a cancer through the Indian system.
Singh said the army already has 7,000 of the vehicles in question, which they say were purchased over the years at an exorbitant price.
Damage control
Some observers questioned the timing of the army chief's revelation. General Singh was recently involved in a spat with the government about their retirement age.
The latest allegations will further dent the image of a government which is struggling to quell public anger about a series of bribery scandals. Fury caused by alleged kickbacks involving billions of dollars fueled huge public protests led by anti-corruption activist Anna Hazare seven months ago.
Hazare is demanding the creation of an independent anti-corruption agency that would be known as Lokpal.
But Hazare's anti-corruption movement appeared to run out of steam in December, when their hunger strike because of the government's failure to establish a Lokpal drew hardly any crowds.
Hazare is now attempting to revive the movement. On Sunday, they staged another protest in New Delhi, saying they are ready "to fight again.” They say the government must enact a law to establish the anti-corruption agency by 2014, or face defeat in general elections.
Hazare says they want the law for the sake of the nation and the public.
The government has drafted a Lokpal bill, but it has failed to win support from opposition parties and Hazare calls it toothless.
Prime Minister Manmohan Singh met leaders of political parties last week and said that they are committed to finding a consensus on the anti-corruption bill.
Brisbane man who swallowed two diamond rings fined $11,000, given suspended sentence
Updated
A Brisbane man who stole and swallowed two diamond rings from a jewellery store has been given a six-month suspended sentence and ordered to pay $11,000 restitution.
Pensioner David Watts, 50, swallowed the rings after being cornered by staff at the Indooroopilly store on Brisbane's westside in November last year.
Only one ring was recovered, and later sold at auction for $11,000 less than its value.
The other ring was accidentally thrown out by police because they failed to check their stools.
Watts pleaded guilty in the Magistrates Court to stealing property.
Outside court, Watts said things on the day did not quite go as planned.
"I ran away and I was sweet you know. I had the high viz (visibility gear) on because I thought, hey, there are workers here, you know, and I could just shuffle in amongst them," they said.
"I actually ran down and I went ... well I zigged instead of zagged OK.
"I should've zagged instead of ziggin', you know what I mean? I went down the wrong way."
Topics: courts-and-trials, brisbane-4000
First posted
Evaluating American-Turkish relations in light of Trump's recent trip to the Middle East and the diplomatic isolation of Qatar, a Turkish and American ally
As Donald Trump returns from their first international tour as US president, one thing that stands out is, as usual, the difference between their and Barack Obama's approach to diplomacy. Whereas Obama's first Mideast destinations were Turkey and Iraq, Trump's were Saudi Arabia and Israel, a country Obama did not even visit until their second term in office.
Trump's trip also included stops in Brussels, Sicily, and the Vatican in Rome. Along with Saudi Arabia and Israel, these represent four of the five most significant allies of the US within the Middle East/Eastern Mediterranean region: Italy, Israel, the Saudis, and the EU.
The fifth ally, which appears to have been snubbed, is Turkey. The Turks were not honoured with a stop during Trump's first trip to the region, as they were during Obama's.
Turkey failing to make it onto Trump's travel itinerary might seem to be of little significance, if it were not for the flurry of unpleasant events involving the Turks and Americans that have occured this same month.
First, there was the meeting of Erdoğan and Trump at the White House on May 16, which lasted a mere 22 minutes and was complicated by the announcement, less than a week before the meeting, that Trump would be approving a Pentagon plan to arm the YPG, a Syrian Kurdish militia that the Turkish government views as a terrorist group.
That meeting was then marred also by a public brawl that occured in Washington on the day it was held, which pitted Erdoğan's security detail against protestors who, according to the Turkish government, were supporters of the Kurdistan Worker's Party (PKK).
Later in the week, Turkish military planes repeatedly violated Greek airspace—a point of friction between two NATO countries occurring directly ahead of the NATO summit that Erdoğan and Trump attended in Brussels.
If this was not enough, the week also saw the Flynn/Trump/Comey affair dominate the news cycle — and the word “impeachment” bandied about in Congress for the first time — which followed the admission by Michael Flynn a week earlier that they had previously been on a Turkish payroll.
Meanwhile, Trump has used their trip in the Arab world to endorse the idea of forming an “Arab NATO”; an alliance between Saudi Arabia and Egypt that, unlike the real NATO, would exclude the other, comparatively liberal and democratic Sunni power in the region: Turkey.
Now, just a week after Trump's return home, Saudi Arabia and Egypt have led a move to politically isolate Qatar, the country which is Turkey's primary ally within the Gulf region.
The Price of Oil
The root of all this unpleasantness is America's growing concern that, if energy prices continue to stay low for a sustained period, and if Turkey's oil-exporting neighbours like Russia, Iran, and the Gulf Arab states are weakened as a result, Turkey could become formidable enough within the region to risk cracking down on US allies — starting with the Kurds.
Turkey has, thus far, been relatively happy to work in a cooperative fashion with the Iraqi Kurdish groups, who are America's primary Kurdish allies in the region. Turkey imports Iraqi Kurdish oil, has fought on the same side as the Iraqi Kurds against ISIS, and uses its relationship with Iraqi Kurds to gain leverage over Iranian-allied Iraqi Shiite groups.
Regarding Kurds in Turkey and Syria, however, the US and Turkey are in disagreement. Though the US has already partially conceded the point on Kurds in Turkey — the US continues to list the PKK as a terror organization, just like Turkey does — it has nevertheless been alarmed by the Turkish government's treatment of political parties in Turkey that are supported by many Kurds, notably the HDP.
In Syria the conflicting interests of America and Turkey are even more explicit: America is now working in conjunction with the YPG, a group Ankara views as terrorists.
At this point, because Erdoğan seems to have consolidated their power domestically, with recent victories in the Turkish constitutional referendum in April, in the failed coup attempt in July 2016, and in the general election of November 2015, they may now increasingly turn their sights to areas beyond or adjacent to Turkish borders, in Iraq, Syria, and Turkey's own Kurdish regions.
Thus, with Trump snubbing Turkey on their first foreign trip, and with the flurry of events involving Turkey and the US that have surrounded the trip, it appears that the US and Turkey may be in the process of aggressively haggling over the details of their alliance against shared rivals like ISIS, Al Qaeda, Assad, and Hezbollah. The twin issues they have to work out are how much of the burden against these Middle Eastern forces the Turks will bear, and how tough the Turks can be with Kurdish groups—notably those in Syria.
The Price of Loyalty
Of course, we have no way of knowing how the details of these issues will be worked out, or even whether the US really will be willing to abandon the Kurdish militias to the Turks. But we can guess. Turkey seem more likely than not to accept the burden of fighting in Iraq and Syria, and the US more likely than not to abandon the Kurds in Syria and Turkey.
But (I will continue to guess) the US and its allies will extract two more conditions in return for their abandonment of the Kurds: Turkish cooperation within both Cyprus and Gaza.
In Gaza, although Israeli leader Benjamin Netanyahu publicly apologized for the Mavi Marmara flotilla incident, Turkey has become a key ally of the Gazans almost by default. This has been the result of the Syrian Civil War (which alienated Hamas from Assad, leading Hamas' formal leadership to move from Damascus to Qatar in 2012), the Egyptian coup in 2013 (in which Sisi overthrew and then outlawed Hamas' Muslim Brotherhood allies), and finally the crash in oil and gas prices in 2015 (which has hurt the economy of Hamas' newest host and benefactor, the royal family of the tiny state of Qatar).
The US and Israel want not only that Turkey prevent another incident like the Mavi Marmara, but also that they tie Turkish and regional investment in Gaza to the condition that Hamas work to prevent a resumption of violence in the Strip. An increase in fighting between Israelis and Gazans would, among other things, imperil the tacit Israeli-Arab alliance directed against Iran and ISIS; an alliance Trump's current visit has intended to solidify.
Israeli-Palestinian violence would also draw a gigantic amount of the world's media attention, and would inevitably be blamed on Trump, showing their portrayal of themselves as an unparalleled dealmaker to be yet another con. Indeed, at the risk of being too cynical or conspiracy-minded, I would like to point out the possibly politicized pattern of the four main Israeli-Gaza battles that have occured since Hamas began to gain control of Gaza in 2006:
The first, Israel's Operation Autumn Cloud, ended the day before mid-term elections in the US in 2006. The second, Operation Cast Lead, ended two days before Barack Obama's inauguration. The third, Operation Pillar of Defence, began a week after the US general election in 2012. And the fourth, Operation Protective Edge, ended two months before the 2014 mid-terms.
Whether or not this pattern was a coincidence, Trump and the Republicans obviously do not want to see a new outbreak of Israeli-Palestinian violence before the 2018 or 2020 elections.
While Turkey can perhaps help to keep Gaza peaceful, it can certainly help to do so in Cyprus, where it wields decisive influence over the island's North. Turkey is the only country to recognize Northern Cyprus, a Turkish-speaking political entity Turkey established almost single-handedly in the 1970s. Moreover, the island as a whole needs Turkish aid in facilitating both gas and water pipelines across the 80 km sea-channel that separates Cyprus from the Turkish mainland.
The Turks may feel that they can now afford to throw their historic Greek and Greek-Cypriot rivals a bone, given that the economic decimation both Greece and Cyprus have suffered in the past decade have rendered them less of a potential threat to Turkish interests. Thus they may not stop peace talks on the island from moving forward.
The US and its allies will also be happy to see reconciliation or even reunification in Cyprus, as it may help prevent another Mediterranean financial crisis or, even, help show off Trump's deal-making.
Indeed, while a reconciliation or reunification deal in Cyprus would not directly benefit Trump very much, it could perhaps help to provide them with momentum and bona fides they will want in order to make a more exciting and significant “deal of the century”: a deal which — taking a cue from their Celebrity Apprentice co-star Dennis Rodman — will likely be in Korea.
And of course, as Trump said while in Jerusalem, about peace between Israel and Palestine: “I've heard it's one of the toughest deals of all but I have a feeling we're going to get there eventually…I hope”.
Winners and Losers
In the end, in this scenario, the losers would be the Kurds in Syria, and perhaps also the Kurds in Turkey. The winners would be the Cypriots, and perhaps also the Israelis and Palestinians.
As for the US-Turkish relationship, more complicated years lie ahead. It may be that the relationship will ebb and flow along with expectations of the future price of oil, which will determine the perceived strength of Turkey relative to both Russia and Middle Eastern states. The US will want to deputize Turkey to contain forces like Russia, Iran, and Sunni jihadism, yet will also worry about Turkish intentions regarding smaller groups like the Kurds.
If oil prices stay low for long enough, it is likely that we will see the United States opt not just for the Trumpian move of bolstering relations between the Saudis and Israelis, but also for the more Obama-esque one of reaching out to Iran in order to win a new powerful ally for America in the region.
Advertisements
Amanda Warren
Activist Post
…as opposed to eating dirt on the ground in submission.
“This is one man talking to another. There is a man behind that badge, be like a man. That is a coward pointing a gun at me.”
These could have been the last words of Californian Alejandro Natividad who remained “the last man standing” so to speak. For although they did nothing wrong, they refused to get on their face for the police, despite their guns being drawn and thrust repeatedly as a pantomime of the real act of shooting.
There are a lot of sites reporting on police state news, police corruption, and their terror-inducing shootings that take innocent lives. Are our many lenses that capture it and our many exclamations making a difference? It's hard to say.
You know what really makes the difference? The courage to say, “No.” And following through on “No” takes something beyond courage.
Please see the exclusive interview at The Free Thought Project and Matt Agorist's report for the whole story:
Recently from Amanda Warren:
About
Featuring a COMPLETELY new system, the epic game, The World of Synnibarr is ready for re-release. With a forward by Dr. Richard Garfield, creator of Magic: The Gathering.
The game's creator, Raven c.s. McCracken had a fire destroying their home, pets and all of the original artwork for the project. Fortunately their computer hard drive was salvaged.
The proceeds are to purchase art, print the manuals and for marketing.
Having published the World of Synnibarr several times and capturing nearly 1% of the world market share. The eagerly anticipated -and simplified- redesign, is in the final beta-testing phase a full year ahead of schedule.
Printing: The Adventurers Guide, The Book of Fate, The Worldship Atlas, character sheet pack, Fate Screens.
Printing: limited run of hardcover books to be autographed by the author.
Artwork: interior art and covers for both manuals and fate screen.
Marketing: print ads for mags; banner ads, distribution ads, tee-shirts, pins, posters, keychains, conventions, booth fixtures, etc.
Synnibarr is dedicated to the stifled adventurers within all of us. For we have the hearts and imaginations, but not the power or frontiers...
LOS ANGELES — Canuck director Chris Williams collected their first Oscar on Sunday night for the super-hero animated comedy "Big Hero 6," beating out two fellow Canadians in a category stacked with compatriots.
The Kitchener, Ont.-bred animator collected the trophy along with co-director Don Hall and producer Roy Conli, upsetting front-runner Dean DeBlois, the Aylmer, Que.-bred director of "How to Train Your Dragon 2."
DeBlois won the Golden Globe earlier this year and is a former Disney colleague of Williams.
Before the bash, Williams described DeBlois as one of their best friends, and joked about red carpet fisticuffs as the two made the rounds on the awards circuit.
"For both of us it's very strange and surreal and kind of funny that we are competing in this category. I was just in their wedding party a few months ago ... we watched the Super Bowl together," Williams said last week.
It was the second Oscar nomination for Williams, who also earned a nod for their directorial debut on the 2008 film "Bolt."
They also faced competition from Sault Ste. Marie, Ont.-native Graham Annable, co-director of the intricate stop motion film "The Boxtrolls."
All three studied at Sheridan College in Oakville, Ont., at different times, and did not cross paths until later in their careers.
The other nominees in the animated feature category were "Song of the Sea" from Tomm Moore and Paul Young, and "The Tale of the Princess Kaguya," from Isao Takahata and Yoshiaki Nishimura.
Williams said their second run at Oscar was even more exciting than the first. "It seems even bigger this time — there are more events, there's more press, seemingly more coverage this time around than even what I experienced five years ago, which even at the time was pretty overwhelming."
Donald Trump's latest media and political firestorm stems from ambiguous answers to a reporter's question: Whether they would support making Muslims register in a national database.
But their comments are not quite as cut-and-dried as the headlines declaring their support for the registry would make them seem. And by Friday, Trump clarified -- on Twitter, their favorite forum for taking on the media -- that they never suggested such a thing.
Trump continued to clarify their comments on Fox News' “On The Record” telling host Kimberly Guilfoyle late Friday that they were “really responding to a totally different reporter.”
“He was responding to that reporter where basically the suggestion was made and it's certainly something we should start thinking about but what I want is a watch list, I want surveillance programs,” Trump said. “I want a database for the Syrian refugees that Obama is going to let in.”
Trump told Guilfoyle that letting Syrian refugees into the United States is a “Trojan horse” and that “plenty of problems are going to be caused.”
“We are very, very foolish in this country and we have a lot of problems and the biggest problem we have no leader.”
The headlines started after Yahoo News published an article Thursday based on an interview with the Republican presidential candidate. The reporter apparently asked Trump whether new security measures might involve a database to register Muslims in the U.S.
When they replied, “We're going to have to — we're going to have to look at a lot of things very closely” including mosques, Yahoo News reported that Trump did not “rule [the database] out.”
They were then asked by CNN whether they would rule out such a database, to which Trump said they “never responded to that question” during the Yahoo News interview.
But a separate exchange with NBC News muddied the picture of their position further.
The reporter initially asked Trump whether there should be a database to track Muslims.
“We should have a lot of systems,” Trump responded, but then went on to tout the importance of a strong border and a border wall. Asked whether they would like to implement that, Trump responded:
“I would certainly implement that. Absolutely.”
That single line was swiftly interpreted in several news stories as Trump's endorsement of a database for Muslims, in turn prompting a widespread backlash. Some stories even stated that Trump had proposed a “plan” to register Muslims in a database.
However, in the NBC News exchange, Trump appeared to be referring in that single line to border and immigration security measures, because they then said the effect would be, “It would stop people from coming in illegally.”
Yet the reporter went on to ask Trump directly, once again, about a database for Muslims, and Trump did not dismiss the idea.
Instead, when asked how to do it, Trump said: “It would be just good management.”
Asked if those running it would have to go to mosques, they said: “Different places. You sign them up … but it's all about management.”
Asked for clarification, the campaign referred FoxNews.com on Friday to Trump's latest tweet.
Trump has meanwhile been the subject of heated and bipartisan criticism since the remarks were published.
Hillary Clinton tweeted a link to a New York Times story reporting that Trump said they “absolutely” would require Muslim registration.
"This is shocking rhetoric. It should be denounced by all seeking to lead this country," they tweeted.
Republican candidates also slammed Trump. Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush called the plan “abhorrent.” Former New York Gov. George Pataki tweeted that the “idea for a Muslim registry is as revolting as it is un-American.”
Ben Carson, meanwhile, reacted to Trump's comments by saying: "I think we should have a database on everybody ... hopefully we have a database on citizens here."
They then clarified that, “I don't think it's a good idea to treat anybody differently or pick people out based on religion or race."
The notion of a Muslim database also faced ridicule from a constitutional standpoint.
“There are unconstitutional ideas, and then there are ideas that are so patently unconstitutional that they really ought not to even merit a response,” Stephen I. Vladeck, law professor with the American University Washington College of Law, told FoxNews.com.
The Council on American-Islamic Relations also issued a statement condemning Trump for "Islamophobic and unconstitutional" comments.
