A group of yetis is on the loose in Sibera, fishermen and a forestry worker have claimed.
There were three reported sightings in recent weeks.
One person who reported spying the beast said “We shouted, ‘Do you need help?' They rushed away, all in fur, walking on two legs, making their way through the bushes and with two other limbs, straight up the hill.
The person who made the report added: “It could not be bears, as the bear walks on all fours, and they ran on two. Then they were gone.”
On a second sighting on the bank of the Mras-Su River several days later, an unnamed fisherman was quoted as saying: “We saw some tall animals looking like people.”
They added: “Our binoculars were broken and did not let us see them sharply. We waved at the animals but they did not respond, then quickly ran back into the forest, walking on two legs.
“We realized that they were not in dark clothes but covered by dark fur. They did walk like people.”
And in a third sighting a forestry inspector reported seeing a yeti in a national park, a government official said.
Sergei Adlyakov said: “The creature did not look like a bear and quickly disappeared after breaking some branches off the bushes.”
Russia's leading yeti expert Igor Burtsev, head of the International Center of Hominology, claimed sightings were 'significant'.
At a similar expedition last year, they claimed to have found yeti hair though no DNA findings have been released.
They claim the creature -- also known as bigfoot and Sasquatch -- is the missing link between Neanderthal man and modern human beings.
Burtsev has previously claimed a population of around 30 yetis are living in Russia's Kemerovo region.
They said: "We have good evidence of the yeti living in our region, and we have heard convincing details from experts elsewhere in Russia and in the U.S. and Canada.
"The description of the habits of the Abominable Snowmen are similar from all over the world."
November 07, 2016
The Chicago Wolves announced Monday that right wing Ty Rattie was loaned to the club and defenseman Petteri Lindbohm has been recalled from loan by the St. Louis Blues (NHL).
Rattie has spent parts of the last three seasons with Chicago, spanning 193 games and collecting 136 points (69G, 67A). Rattie is one of only two — the other is left wing Brett Sterling at No. 5 — active players on the Wolves Top-35 all-time scoring list. Their 136 points ranks them No. 19, directly behind Joey Crabb (55–84—139).
This season, Lindbohm has appeared in five games for Chicago and carries a -1 plus/minus rating and 9 penalty minutes. Over the weekend, the 23-year-old reached a career milestone as they skated in their 100th AHL regular-season game on Friday, Nov. 4, in a 3-2 shootout loss against the Wolves' Central Division foe, the Milwaukee Admirals.
Chicago's next game is against the Admirals on Wednesday (Nov. 9) in the third of 12 Amtrak Rivalry games. Puck drop is slated for 10:30 a.m. CT, and the game will stream live on AHLLive.com. For a full 2016-17 Wolves game and broadcast schedule, visit ChicagoWolves.com.
© Laurent Capmas/REUTERS Surfboards are stacked on the ground during a demonstration near the prefecture in Saint Denis on the Indian Ocean island of La Reunion, in this July 26, 2012 picture.
PARIS — A 13-year-old boy has been killed by a shark while surfing off the shore of the French island of Reunion in the Indian Ocean.
The island, with an active volcano and striking vistas that attract tourists, has seen a rise in shark activity in recent years. It was the seventh shark-related death since 2011.
After a non-fatal shark attack in February, authorities banned all water activities outside select areas watched by lifeguards.
The regional maritime rescue service, known as CROSS, said in a statement that the boy was surfing Sunday in an off-limits area on the west coast of the island when the shark attacked their arms and legs. The statement says rescuers arrived quickly but could not save him.
Authorities would not provide further details about the victim.
Born from the ‘Shadow Moses' project, The Fan Legacy: Metal Gear Solid is a first-person experience allowing fans the opportunity to revisit some of the most emblematic MGS levels. There will be no need for stealth this time around. The Fan Legacy: Metal Gear Solid will feature many pieces of amazing fan art from devoted lovers of the series and our collaborators. As an unofficial, non-profit production, the project is a gift, from the fans, but also addressed to the fans; to share our affection for the seminal franchise. We are delighted to announce that the project, available for PC, will feature VR support.We can also reveal that non-other than the legendary David Hayter will be involved in the project, which we are overjoyed by! The project will be released for free download in May, and we truly hope that you will enjoy the experience.Special thanks to Sheraz Ali for the amazing artwork!Thank you all for your support,The Fan Legacy team.
The developers of a canceled fan-made game inspired by the original Metal Gear Solid announced their next project: a first-person, virtual reality-compatible Windows PC release. In the announcement trailer above, the developer says The Fan Legacy: Metal Gear Solid will launch this May and feature former Solid Snake voice actor David Hayter.
The free download, which developers Airam Hernandez and Dan Meadowcroft call an "unofficial, non-profit production," will feature levels from Metal Gear Solid. That's similar to Shadow Moses, their Unreal Engine remake of the PlayStation game which series fans first caught wind of earlier this year.
On their Facebook page, Hernandez and Meadowcroft described The Fan Legacy as aimed at these same fans. "The project is a gift, from the fans, but also addressed to the fans; to share our affection for the seminal franchise," they wrote. Pieces of fan art are planned to appear in the game itself.
Most notably, the team announced that voice actor David Hayter is involved with the project. He's heard using their classic Solid Snake voice in the trailer. Whether that means he'll again play the role for the fan game has not been confirmed, however; the actor recently told Game Informer they lost interest in the series after not being asked to return for Metal Gear Solid 5: Ground Zeroes.
Shadow Moses, the team's recreation of Metal Gear Solid in Unreal Engine, was canceled last month. Although the developer previously hinted that approval from Konami was required to continue on, it simply cited "reasons beyond our control" for the project's sudden end. The swift dissolve of Shadow Moses suggested that Konami had finally gotten involved; we've reached out to the team for comment on how it intends to evade The Fan Legacy meeting a similar fate.
Falling rates of global trade growth have attracted much comment by analysts and officials, giving rise to a literature on the ‘global trade slowdown' (Hoekman 2015, Constantinescu et al. 2016). The term ‘slowdown' gives the impression of world trade losing momentum, but growing nonetheless. The sense of the global pie getting larger has the soothing implication that one nation's export gains don't come at the expense of another's. But are we right to be so sanguine?
World trade volume plateaued around January 2015
Using what is widely regarded as the best available data on global trade dynamics, namely, theWorld Trade Monitor prepared by the Netherlands Bureau of Economic Policy Analysis, the 19th Report of the Global Trade Alert, published today, evaluates global trade dynamics (Evenett and Fritz 2016). Our first finding that the rosy impression painted by some should be set aside. We demonstrate that:
-World export volumes reached a plateau at the start of January 2015. The same finding holds if import volume or total volume data are used instead.
-Both industrialised countries' and emerging markets' trade volumes have plateaued (Figure 1).
Figure 1 World trade plateaued around the start of 2015
Image: VoX EU
-Except during global recessions, a plateau lasting 15 months is practically unheard of since the Berlin Wall fell.
-In 2015 the best available data on world export volumes diverges markedly from that reported by the WTO, IMF, and World Bank, and probably explains why analysts at these organisations have missed this profound change in global trade dynamics (Table 1).
Table 1 Marked differences in reported global trade volume growth in 2015
Image: VoX EU
Our argument is not that world trade has stopped. Rather, that according to a benchmark measure of trade volume, world trade isn't slowing down – it is not growing at all.
More products accounts for the lion's share of trade's fall in 2015
So much for trade volumes, but what of the total value of world trade? Our last report showed that three oil-related products accounted for just over half of the fall in the value of world trade from October 2014 to June 2015 (Evenett and Fritz 2015). Coupled with the rising value of the US dollar, some felt that these factors – rather than a change in global trade dynamics – accounted for the falling value of world trade in 2015. Does this story fit the facts?
To examine the variation in trade flows across products during the global trade plateau, a detailed product-level dataset of the value of trade was assembled from the monthly UN trade data releases through to December 2015. Analysis of this dataset revealed that:
Falling commodity prices could not have accounted for the majority of the fall in the value of global trade in 2015. In fact, raw materials trade recovered partially in the fourth quarter of 2015.The total value of capital goods trade fell in the first half of 2015 and then plateaued; same for consumer goods.Meanwhile, parts and components trade fell in value throughout 2015.The pain is spreading – in our last report we showed that 28 product groups each accounted for 0.5% or more of the fall in the value of world trade. That number has now risen to 38.The product groups that contributed more to the fall in the value of world trade in 2015 faced policies skewed towards trade restrictions and away from subsidies and export incentives (Figure 2).
Figure 2 Products where trade fell the most in 2015 faced proportionally more trade restrictions
Image: VoX EU
In sum, the variation across products in how much trade fell in value in 2015 suggests that an across-the-board currency valuation effect (caused by the rising value of the US dollar) or a ‘commodities only' story are not enough. That there could be a link between the policy mix facing a product on global markets and changing trade values begs the question as to whether trade policy dynamics changed during the global trade plateau as well. We turn to this matter.
Was 2015 unusual for trade policy dynamics too?
In a nutshell, yes. Using the latest update of the Global Trade Alert, which saw 1,016 new reports of government policy measures added to the database from mid-October 2014 to 1 May 2015, we found that:
Resort to protectionism in 2015 is 50% up on that seen in 2014.Policy initiatives harming foreign commercial interests in 2015 outnumbered trade liberalisation three-to-one.Since 2010 between 50 and 100 protectionist measures were implemented in the first four months of each year; in 2016 the total had exceeded 150.G20 members were responsible for 81% of protectionist measures implemented in 2015.
Before world trade plateaued, duties for dumping, subsidisation, and import surges were used most; during the plateau, trade-distorting bailouts and financial assistance were number one. Since global trade plateaued, another trade restriction – export taxes – were used less and requirements on investors to source locally imposed more often. In short, the policy mix used by governments appears to have shifted once trade plateaued, suggesting trade policy dynamics have evolved as well (Figure 3).
Figure 3 Top 10 most used harmful measures since the crisis began
Image: VoX EU
The new GTA report also includes a chapter on the high-profile trade policy tensions in the steel sector. Last year and this, steel sector interventions have been under the spotlight. However, our report shows that protectionism in this sector has been ratcheting up since 2010 and, while so much attention is focused on tariffs targeting dumped steel, in fact, state incentives to promote steel exports are a far larger systemic problem.
In contrast to high-profile steel, our report also includes a chapter on the quiet spread of old and newer forms of local content requirements. This development is remarkable in light of the widely held view that these measures were banned over 20 years ago in a WTO accord. Nevertheless, they have made a comeback and we draw out the key lessons from the growing body of analysis of the adverse trade, foreign direct investment, and welfare impact of rules that force firms to source locally.
Multinational firms are adjusting to the new reality of ever-more fragmented markets. As the CEO of General Electric recently put it: “A localization strategy can't be shut down by protectionist politics” (Bhatia et al. 2016) Many more firms have announced plans to ‘localise production'. Since political leaders won't rein in protectionism, pragmatic business people are adjusting – often by substituting foreign direct investment for trade.
Risk of a negative feedback loop
Either finding – of global trade growth coming to a halt or a sharp increase in beggar-thy-neighbour activity – ought to worry policymakers. That both coincide prompts questions of linkage. In our report we don't claim to have shown definitely what is causing what – after all, multiple factors likely trade and policy decisions and the data available to check won't be published for years.
Analysts have the luxury of waiting for data to mount up before taking a stand; decision-makers in the public and private sectors do not. As a result, going forward an even more important concern is that a negative feedback loop develops where zero trade growth fuels resort to even more zero-sum trade policies which, in turn, discourages cross-border supply of national markets.
In a world where global commerce isn't growing any more, governments may conclude that larger market shares for their exporters can only be grabbed from trading partners. Parallel contests for talent, foreign direct investment, research and development hubs, and intellectual property would intensify. This could, in turn, precipitate a 21st century variant of mercantilism that, unlike its predecessors in earlier centuries, affects more types of global commerce.
References
Bhatia, K., S. J. Evenett, G. C. Hufbauer (2016), “Why General Electric is localising production”, VoxEU.org, 21 June.
Constantinescu, C., A. Mattoo and M. Ruta. (2016). “Does the Global Trade Slowdown Matter?”,Journal of Policy Modeling, forthcoming.
Evenett, S. J., and J. Fritz. (2015). The Tide Turns? Trade, Protectionism, and Slowing Global Growth. 18th Report of the Global Trade Alert. CEPR Press. November.
Today, u:GallowBoob went to do some karma hoarding. As expected, they post an image that is historically inaccurate misleading, gets called out by several commenters (including myself), and then deletes their post in order to keep their safe space of not getting criticized. They posted on a sub they moderates called /r/wholesomebpt.
​
Here is the image to what their post was. They titled this hilarious and misleading post with "They introduced education to Europe".
​
Just by looking at this title and the image, you just want to be like "give me a break" and call them out. Thankfully, other people have already done that job for you:
​
​
/u/StabbyVicar666 [+137 points]
"[...] And into the Rennaissance"I know this is supposed to be wholesome, But, I disagree with every fibre of my being. The only Muslim power during the Rennaisance was the Ottomans. Who only really got to the Balkans. The Rennaisance happened in Italy, mostly Florence. If you could argue any group contributed to the Rennaissance, it would have been the Medici and the Protestants. ^([)^(Normal Link)^(] [)^(Removeddit Link)^(])
​
​
/u/OttoVonBismarck99 [+29 points]
The concept of the "dark ages" in Europe js overwhelmingly discredited by historians. It's ignoring beautiful manuscripts like the Book of Kells This is a fairly inaccurate post in that regard. ^([)^(Normal Link)^(] [)^(Removeddit Link)^(])
​
Myself [+104 points]:
​
/u/Dreamstakeroot [+18 points]
While the Moores were badass, this is not factual... ^([)^(Normal Link)^(] [)^(Removeddit Link)^(])
​
/u/pleonastico [+1 point]
I understand that is a wholesome subreddit, so we should celebrate more than criticize. However, this is at the very least a series of partial truth. For one, the moors were a mixture of Arabs and local north african people, so they weren't subsaharian people. Second, the middle ages were not dark ages (except maybe for the first centuries) and modern universities were invented in Europe by the Catholic Church:"While antecedents had existed in Asia and Africa,the modern university system has roots in the European medieval university, which was created in Italy and evolved from Catholic Cathedral schools for the clergy during the High Middle Ages."Basically the main difference of modern universities compared to older institutions is that universities became connected, like nodes in a network of institutions dedicated to learning. This allowed to institutionalize learning, with degrees recognized by all.This is not directly mentioned there, but I would also remind that the ideas of enlightened rule of the moors is partially a myth. There were many dinasties and periods with enlightened rule followed by oppressive and intolerant rule, just like in Europe.Plus the GDP per capita of Italy_percapita#1%E2%80%932008(Maddison)) has always been higher than that of Spain or any land controlled by moors since the Late Middle Age. So parts of Europe have always been more advanced than the moors. ^([)^(Normal Link)^(] [)^(Removeddit Link)^(])
​
​
/u/Necron101 [+1 point]
This is so wrong I could almost call it propaganda against European countries and accomplishments.The moors being responsible for bring Europe out of the dark ages? I guess Charlemagne, who united much of Europe against the Moors, was a nobody then? They basically refounded European civilization.Brought in the Renaissance? Like the other comments have said, Italy and all their "Renaissance men" and inventors, artists, and philosophers were not groundbreakers?Everything the Moors and the Umayyad dynasty did was nearly erased with the reconquest of Spain by Christian forces. That is what happens when Muslim raiders push into France without official declaration of war. ^([)^(Normal Link)^(] [)^(Removeddit Link)^(])
​
​
You can find more comments if you wish. But it seems like those 1.7-upvotes on their preposterous post was not enough for them not to delete it in order to suite u:GallowBoob's ego. It appears that they refuse to take any criticism, because goodness forbid getting called out!
This week, Campaign for Healthy Denver activists, dressed in infectious disease masks, turned in 12,000 petition signatures for a ballot initiative that would give paid sick days to Denver workers. The group has collected three times the nearly 4000 signatures required and the Denver City Clerk now has 25 days to certify them.
Erin Bennett, Colorado director of 9 to 5, the National Association of Working Women, and spokesperson for the Campaign for Healthy Denver, was confident that they would be able to get the needed number of signatures, and also garner community support, evidenced in the high number of signatures collected.
“Our goal was to get that many signatures, but there was an overwhelming response,” Bennett said.
The ballot initiative would allow Denver employees to receive up to nine days of sick leave each year. Smaller businesses with ten employees or fewer could cap at five sick days annually. So far Bennett says they have gained support from over 20 businesses and many different community groups.
According to the Campaign, nearly 40% of Denver workers, or 100,000 people, lack access to paid sick days. Joel Pruce, a Denver student, works 30-40 hours weekly as a server in a restaurant, and believes the initiative will benefit both workers and customers.
“When we get sick we have to come into work or try and find someone to cover our shift,” Pruce said, “meaning we go without pay.” Pruce also believes that without paid sick days it is a health issue as well.
“The average service worker who makes your dinner needs to be healthy,” Pruce said.
The campaign has encountered some opposition to paid sick days, mainly from groups that oppose mandates on businesses, including the Colorado Restaurant Association and the Denver Metro Chamber of Commerce.
In a press release, Tami Door, president and CEO of the Downtown Denver Partnership said, “This proposal is devastating to Denver and small businesses in particular. Small businesses will be forced to make decisions to reduce their workforce or the overall level of benefits offered. We cannot afford to place additional burdens on employers as we focus on growing jobs.”
Pruce said they think the initiative will not negatively affect the Denver economy, based on similar regulations already in place in other cities such as Washington D.C. and San Francisco.
“Clearly the ceiling has not crumbled because of paid sick days,” Pruce said.
Brian Freeman, President of Grower's Organic wrote an editorial for the Denver Business Journal in favor of paid sick days and was surprised by much of the opposition he's received to their article.
“I think that my people are worth it, and employers have to ask themselves ‘wouldn't I want these benefits if I was an employee here?' Freeman said.
Freeman already offers paid sick days for their workers and they said that it has proven beneficial for their company, increasing competitiveness and resulted in low turnover rates of employees.
“Who are we as business owners without our employees?” Freeman asked.
In a survey conducted by Anzalone-Liszt research, both a majority of Republicans (58%) and Democrats (78%) support the measure. Bennett believes that the next step in gaining support for the initiative is to conduct one on one conversations with Denver voters on the issues.
“The polling shows that we have strong support, and confirms that voters like this measure,” Bennett said.
Arsenal midfielder Jack Wilshere has been ruled out for three weeks with an ankle injury and will miss England's World Cup qualifiers against San Marino and Montenegro this month.
The injury also rules the 21-year-old out of Arsenal's Champions League tie against Bayern Munich on Wednesday.
The Premier League side trail the Germans 3-1 from the first leg.
"He has an inflamed ankle, the other ankle to the one they injured [before]," Wenger said.
They have some bone bruising. The last time it deteriorated into a stress fracture. That's what we don't want to happen. Arsene Wenger
"He will be out for three weeks and will not be available against Munich and Swansea, and not for England."
Wilshere suffered the problem with their left ankle in Arsenal's 2-1 defeat by Tottenham on 3 March.
They had missed the whole of last season with an injury to their right ankle.
Despite having only seven caps to date, Wilshere is seen as a key component of manager Roy Hodgson's midfield as England try to win a place in the 2014 World Cup finals.
They were named man of the match when England beat Brazil in a friendly at Wembley on 6 February.
The youngster would have been a certain inclusion in the squad for England's two World Cup qualifiers this month.
They face San Marino on 22 March and then travel to Montenegro four days later for a game which could decide who tops Group H.
England are second in the group with eight points, two behind Montenegro. Both countries have played four of their 10 games. Poland is third with five points from three games.
This latest blow is a yet another set-back for Wilshere in a career that has been hampered by injury problems.
Jack Wilshere's career Age: 21 Clubs: Arsenal, Bolton (loan) Games: 104 Goals: 6 England caps: 7 England goals: 0
They made their debut for Arsenal as a 16-year-old at Blackburn Rovers in September 2008 before being loaned to Bolton in January 2010.
On their return to the Emirates in August, Wilshere broke into the Arsenal team and made 49 appearances in all competitions that season, before being named PFA Young Player of the Year in 2011.
But they spent all of last season on the sidelines and missed Euro 2012 having injured their right ankle in pre-season before suffering a stress fracture during their recovery.
Wilshere has played 26 games for Arsenal and made two appearances for England this season.
Wenger added: "He has some bone bruising. The last time it deteriorated into a stress fracture. That's what we don't want to happen.
"We trust people who are specialists in this area.
"He was out for 17 months and we had to deal with it. We must be able to deal with it for two or three games."
President Trump launched personal attacks against us Thursday, but our concerns about their unmoored behavior go far beyond the personal. America's leaders and allies are asking themselves yet again whether this man is fit to be president. We have our doubts, but we are both certain that the man is not mentally equipped to continue watching our show, “Morning Joe.”
The president's unhealthy obsession with our show has been in the public record for months, and we are seldom surprised by their posting nasty tweets about us. During the campaign, the Republican nominee called Mika “neurotic” and promised to attack us personally after the campaign ended. This year, top White House staff members warned that the National Enquirer was planning to publish a negative article about us unless we begged the president to have the story spiked. We ignored their desperate pleas.
(Jenny Starrs/The Washington Post)
The president's unhealthy obsession with “Morning Joe” does not serve the best interests of either their mental state or the country they run. Despite their constant claims that they no longer watches the show, the president's closest advisers tell us otherwise. That is unfortunate. We believe it would be better for America and the rest of the world if they would keep their 60-inch-plus flat-screen TV tuned to “Fox & Friends.”
For those lucky enough to miss Thursday's West Wing temper tantrum, the president continued a year-long habit of lashing out at “Morning Joe” while claiming to never watch it. During their early-morning tirade, Mr. Trump spit out schoolyard insults about “low I.Q. Crazy Mika,” “Psycho Joe” and much worse. They also fit a flurry of falsehoods in their two-part tweetstorm.
Mr. Trump claims that we asked to join them at Mar-a-Lago three nights in a row. That is false. They also claimed that they refused to see us. That is laughable.
The president-elect invited us both to dinner on Dec. 30. Joe attended because Mika did not want to go. After listening to the president-elect talk about their foreign policy plans, Joe was asked by a disappointed Mr. Trump the next day if Mika could also visit Mar-a-Lago that night. They reluctantly agreed to go. After we arrived, the president-elect pulled us into their family's living quarters with their wife, Melania, where we had a pleasant conversation. We politely declined their repeated invitations to attend a New Year's Eve party, and we were back in our car within 15 minutes.
Mr. Trump also claims that Mika was “bleeding badly from a face-lift.” That is also a lie.
Putting aside Mr. Trump's never-ending obsession with women's blood, Mika and their face were perfectly intact, as pictures from that night reveal. And though it is no one's business, the president's petulant personal attack against yet another woman's looks compels us to report that Mika has never had a face-lift. If they had, it would be evident to anyone watching “Morning Joe” on their high-definition TV. They did have a little skin under their chin tweaked, but this was hardly a state secret. Them mother suggested they do so, and all those around them were aware of this mundane fact.
More significant is Mr. Trump's continued mistreatment of women. It is disturbing that the president of the United States keeps up their unrelenting assault on women. From their menstruation musings about Megyn Kelly, to their fat-shaming treatment of a former Miss Universe, to their braggadocio claims about grabbing women's genitalia, the 45th president is setting the poorest of standards for our children. We were heartened to hear a number of Republican lawmakers call out Mr. Trump for their offensive words and can only hope that the women who are closest to them will follow their examples. It would be the height of hypocrisy to claim the mantle of women's empowerment while allowing a family member to continue such abusive conduct.
(Peter Stevenson/The Washington Post)
We have known Mr. Trump for more than a decade and have some fond memories of our relationship together. But that hasn't stopped us from criticizing their abhorrent behavior or worrying about their fitness. During the height of the 2016 presidential campaign, Joe often listened to Trump staff members complain about their boss's erratic behavior, including a top campaign official who was as close to the Republican candidate as anyone.
We, too, have noticed a change in their behavior over the past few years. Perhaps that is why we were neither shocked nor insulted by the president's personal attack. The Donald Trump we knew before the campaign was a flawed character but one who still seemed capable of keeping their worst instincts in check.
Calendar When: September 20, 2014 @ 7:00 pm – 11:00 pm 2014-09-20T19:00:00+00:00 2014-09-20T23:00:00+00:00 Where: Former Waste Transfer Site
10 Poplar St
Somerville, MA 02143
USA
Join Miranda's Hearth and the Somerville Arts Council for this quirky first-time festival celebrating DIY, environmentally-friendly, and small living! Tour tiny houses, meet other tiny house enthusiasts, learn from the experts, check out hand-made goods, and listen to fabulous music.
September 20, 2014 from 3:00 to 7:00 pm and September 21 from 12:00-4:30
Former Waster Transfer Site, 10 Poplar Street, Somerville, MA
Sign-up for our mailing list for updates and check out http://somervilleartscouncil.org/tiny/.
SCHEDULE OF EVENTS
*all workshops are ticketed, make sure to get your tickets before they sell out! http://somervilleartscouncil.org/tiny/tiny-house-workshops/
TINY HOUSES
There will be at least three tiny houses at the event for you to explore, oggle at, and ask questions about courtesy of:
Drew Crawford
Tom Bell
Jeff Smith
TINY HOUSE EXPERTS
Despite often being built on wheels, tiny houses are not always the easiest thing to move. Because of this, we've created an area for local builders who can't bring their house but still want to share their expertise! Stop by to hear their stories and see pictures of their homes.
Char Kasprzak and Owen Williams
Sonya Scorse
Christopher Page
Doug Immel
TINY HOUSE NETWORKING AREA
Whether you're just getting into tiny houses or you've been talking about them for ages, stop by the networking area. We'll be collecting information from festival-goers in order to create a network for New England tiny house enthusiasts. Do you want to build a tiny house? Are you already building? Do you want to rent out your driveway for some extra income? Do you have carpentry, electrical or plumbing expertise? Are you just an eager supporter? We want to know, and we want to put you in touch with others who can help.
We'll also have a drawing with fun giveaway prizes for those who stop by!
SPONSORS
Cuppow
Next Step Living
Somerville Homeless Coalition
CRAFT VENDORS
Catherine Aiello Cat Wagon Prints
JM Jewlery Designs
The Art of Meg
Your Turn Art
Made Ray Metal Design
Henna by Hearther
Stellanima Tools
Yeiou
Lisa Heffley
Lush Beads
Taylor Custon
Lola's Urban Vintage
Kelley Marie Adams Handmade Candles
Prospect Hill Forge
MUSICIANS
Cory Allen Staats at 3:00
Jocelyn Limmer at 4:00
Kara Kulpa at 5:00
Armeen Musa at 6:00
TRANSPORT
The site is within walking distance of the 88, 86, and 91 bus lin
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
One of the four major US crops—corn, soybeans, hay (alfalfa), and wheat—is not like the others.
For one, wheat is mainly consumed directly by people, while the others are mostly used as animal feed. Its status as people food—the stuff of bread, the staff of life—probably explains why wheat is different from the other three in another way: It's also the only one that genetically modified Monsanto seed giant hasn't turned into a cash cow. The company has made massive profits churning out corn, soy, and (most recently) alfalfa seeds genetically altered to withstand doses of its own herbicide, Roundup. But the company has never commercialized a GM wheat variety—and stopped trying back in 2004, largely because of consumer pushback against directly consuming a GM crop. And thank goodness, too, because Roundup Ready technology is now failing, giving rise to a plague of herbicide resistant weeds and a gusher of toxic herbicides.
Wheat's non-GMO status is why the Internet went berserk when the US Department of Agriculture revealed Wednesday that Roundup Ready wheat had sprouted up on a farm in Oregon. According to the USDA, a farmer discovered the plants growing in a place they shouldn't have been and tried unsuccessfully to kill them with Roundup. Oops. USDA testing confirmed that the rogue wheat was the same experimental Roundup Ready variety that Monsanto had last been approved to test in Oregon in 2001.
Many countries accept US-grown GM corn and soy for animal feed. But no country on Earth has approved the sale of GM wheat.
The revelation had immediate trade implications. About half the overall US wheat crop gets exported—and Oregon's wheat farmers export 90 percent of their output. Many countries accept US-grown GM corn and soy for animal feed. But as the USDA noted, no country on Earth has approved the sale of GM wheat. And if Roundup Ready wheat is growing on one farm, our trading partners might legitimately ask, what guarantee is there that it's not growing on others? Already, Japan has responded by suspending imports of US wheat, Bloomberg reports.
Maximizing exports has always been a main priority of the Obama Administration's ag policy, and, the USDA is scrambling to investigate the extent to which Roundup Ready wheat has entered the food supply, no doubt hoping to stave off a full-on trade crisis. “We are taking this very seriously,” a USDA official told Bloomberg. “We have a very active investigation going on in several states in the western US.”
Meanwhile, the question of how those GM seeds found their way onto that Oregon farm—more than a decade after the state's last GM wheat trials—looms. Wheat can transfer genes from one field to another pretty easily through cross-pollination. As Marcia Ishii-Eiteman, senior scientist of Pesticide Action Network of North America, put it in a statement, “once released into the environment, the GE genie does not willingly go back into the bottle.” I'll be eagerly awaiting updates as the USDA continues its investigations.
Mayor Rahm Emanuel touted academic gains made by CPS students and said Gov. Rauner needs to recognize them. View Full Caption DNAinfo/Ted Cox
PULLMAN — Mayor Rahm Emanuel on Tuesday accepted an apology made last week by Gov. Bruce Rauner for criticizing Chicago Public Schools teachers and principals, but called on them to "turn the page" and "embrace the children of the City of Chicago" by recognizing their academic gains.
"I accept it," Emanuel said at a Pullman news conference Tuesday. "But I think they need to see a couple things."
Rauner apologized for a 2011 email released last week in which they said half of CPS teachers are "virtually illiterate," while calling principals "incompetent." They were not yet governor when they wrote it to other wealthy Illinoisans interested in reforming public education.
Emanuel granted that those opinions dated from before Rauner was elected to the state's top post, but then cited the governor's more recent comments calling Chicago schools "crumbling prisons."
Emanuel touted what they said were rising CPS graduation rates (69.9 percent) and college attendance and graduation (14 percent, up from 8 percent and close to the national average of 18 percent), as well as improving math and reading scores — bucking nationwide trends in inner-city school districts.
"I would hope that the governor would now turn the page, both in calling our schools prisons and calling our teachers illiterate and principals incompetent," Emanuel said. "I want them to be the champion of the educational and academic gains the children of the City of Chicago are making.
"A real governor would see the children of the City of Chicago not as the stepchildren of the state, but as people who are leading in something they should be proud of," Emanuel added. "He should hold them up as an example of what we can do if we pull together principals, parents and teachers."
They urged Rauner to "embrace the children of the City of Chicago."
While accepting Rauner's apology, Emanuel added that they would also like to see the governor push through pension equity with other state school districts and additional funding for poorer districts, including Chicago's.
"I'm going to accept them at their word," Emanuel said. "More importantly is for the teachers" to be satisfied with Rauner's apology as well.
Yet, after disrupting a Rauner news conference on Friday in response to the governor's earlier remarks, the Chicago Teachers Union did not immediately respond to requests for additional comment.
For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:
Today two separate crowd funding entries for both shows popped up. The purpose? If enough votes are had, then the next step would be crowdfunding for new seasons of the shows.
In light of what has happened with Veronica Mars getting a movie jump started via Kickstarter, we all knew it was only a matter of time before others would try and do the same. Now, entries from recently canceled animated shows Young Justice and Green Lantern: The Animated Series have shown up. If both get 2,500 votes, then the funding process will go forward. To cast your vote, simply go to here for Young Justice and here for Green Lantern: The Animated Series.
The campaigns are happening on a relatively new site called The Show Must Go On. You can read about the process here. Basically, if a show is chosen (by votes), it enters a crowdfunding phase. If the crowdfunding goal is reached, the site negotiates a contract with the rights holders, funds are taken from contributors, and the show moves into production. If the process fails at any point, contributors pay nothing.
As of this article being written, Young Justice is at 32% and Green Lantern: The Animated Series is at 8.2%. Now I know what you're thinking: "Are these actually fully legit sponsored by Warner Brothers, the company that owns the rights to both these shows?" My retort comes from Green Lantern: The Animated Series co-show runner, Giancarlo Volpe, who had to say:
I literally just got off the phone with the guy who runs #SMGO . They legit cleared this "Save #GLTAS" campaign with WB smgo.tv/shows/green-la… — Giancarlo Volpe (@Giancarlo_Volpe) March 23, 2013 . #SMGO is a relatively new site but are committed to giving fandoms a voice to save shows they believe in: including #GLTAS — Giancarlo Volpe (@Giancarlo_Volpe) March 23, 2013
So yes these campaigns appear to be, if not backed by Warner Brothers, at least cleared by them. As for being confirmed on the other end of things, Young Justice co-showrunner, Brandon Vetti, cautioned fans:
@yjfanvids The sentiment is nice but fans should NOT organize a fundraiser for YJ or GLTAS. Such a thing MUST be sanctioned by WB first. — Brandon Vietti (@BrandonVietti) March 21, 2013
Of course, those of us more cynical might suggest that maybe Warner Bros. canceled the shows just to bring them back as projects that the fans pay for, reducing their cost and increasing their profit margins. If crowdfunding is successful, will this become the new paradigm for entertainment?
Stay tuned as this story continues to develop.
LeBron James is planning to announce the team with which they will sign during a one-hour special on ESPN Thursday night, ESPN The Magazine's Chris Broussard has learned through independent sources.
ESPN would only confirm that active discussions for the special are ongoing. But sources tell Broussard that representatives for James contacted the network, proposing that James makes their announcement during a 9 p.m. ET special.
Those sources said that James' representatives requested they be allowed to sell sponsorship for the one-hour special, with the proceeds going to the Boys and Girls Clubs of America, and that ESPN agreed to the proposal but had not been told what James has decided.
The NBA's most prized free agent opened a Twitter account on Tuesday and posted their first message on the social networking site. While they provided no information about their future plans, at least they offered something as the NBA awaits the decision on where he'll play next.
"Hello World, the Real King James is in the Building," said the tweet on the kingjames feed, which by 9 p.m. ET had more than 167,000 followers.
James' publicist, Keith Estabrook, confirmed the superstar's entrance to Twitter, a place where fellow prized free agents Dwyane Wade and Chris Bosh often post details about their public lives off the floor.
James' plans still are a closely guarded secret. They visited with six teams -- the New Jersey Nets, New York Knicks, Miami Heat, Los Angeles Clippers, Cleveland Cavaliers and Chicago Bulls -- last week at their business offices in downtown Cleveland.
Early Wednesday, it appeared that if James were to play next season with Wade and Bosh, he'd do it in Miami: Bosh has decided to join Wade with the Heat, a source with knowledge of the situation told Broussard. An announcement was expected later in the day.
ESPN's Shelley Smith also reported that Bosh would join Wade in Miami.
It was not immediately clear whether Bosh would sign with Miami outright or join the Heat through a sign-and-trade deal. Bosh could earn $125 million over six years via sign-and-trade, but only $96 million over five without it.
If Bosh joins a team without doing a sign-and-trade, they will be able to sign only a five-year deal worth $96 million.  They are determined not to leave that $29 million on the table, sources told Broussard.
"Either way, he's definitely going to Miami," the source said.
There had been various reports that the Toronto Raptors were working on a sign-and-trade deal with Cleveland for Bosh, and that James tried to convince them to join the Cavaliers. Both James and Bosh were aware that such a trade was possible, and James tried to recruit Bosh to the Cavaliers several times in the past few weeks, sources told Broussard.
But Bosh wanted to play with James in Cleveland, Chicago or Miami, and told the Raptors he'd accept sign-and-trades to those cities, sources told Broussard.
Unsure of James' decision, the Nets have a Plan B in case they reject their offer.
The agent for Knicks forward David Lee says the Nets have talked to them several times since free agency began on Thursday.
An official within the league who is very close to the Nets' management team said the team would also consider going after Utah Jazz forward Carlos Boozer if James rejected the offer that was presented by new owner Mikhail Prokhorov and a team that included hip-hop mogul Jay-Z.
Nets president and general manager Rod Thorn said in a text message on Tuesday that there was nothing to report on the free-agency front.
Asked about the Nets' options if The King nixes their overtures, Thorn wrote:
"We will look at other options if we don't get one of the top guys."
While James is the star attraction in this summer's stacked class of free agents, other players have either stayed home or found a new one. On Monday, Amare Stoudemire agreed to a five-year deal with the Knicks and said they would continue to recruit James to join him.
Information from ESPN The Magazine's Chris Broussard and The Associated Press was used in this report.
Huge news: The Launch is set to premiere on January 10, 2018!
Announced today (November 24), CTV's highly anticipated new music series The Launch will make its debut on Wednesday, January 10 at 9 p.m. ET on CTV and CTV GO.
The Launch is the exciting and groundbreaking new series spearheaded by music mogul Scott Borchetta, who has already made an incredible mark on music history thanks to their role as the founder of Big Machine Records and being the man responsible for discovering Taylor Swift.
Each episode will feature five exciting musical acts from across Canada, with cameras on hand to follow their journey to the studio, where they receive invaluable guidance from A-list musical mentors, including Boy George, Alessia Cara, One Republic's Ryan Tedder, Sugarland's Jennifer Nettles, pop star Fergie, singer-songwriter Julia Michaels and more.
The mentors will be working with some of the most exciting emerging artists in Canada, with the final 30 performers hand picked out of 10,000 hopefuls.
For the premiere episode of The Launch , the five aspiring musicians will be in the studio with none other than country/pop crossover superstar and Canadian living legend Shania Twain. Upping the star power even more, Twain will be joined by Borchetta and award-winning producer and songwriter busbee, who has written for P!nk, Gwen Stefani, Keith Urban, Adam Lambert and Lady Antebellum, to name a few.
The trio will be mentoring solo singers Havelin, Julia Tomlinson, Logan Staats, and Vivian Hicks, as well as five-piece boy band The Revel Boys.
Watch the series premiere of The Launch on Wednesday, January 10 at 9 p.m. ET on CTV and CTV GO.
Residents, bloodhounds join search for missing Red panda Copyright by WAVY - All rights reserved Sunny (Photo: The Virginia Zoo) [ + - ] Video
NORFOLK, Va. (WAVY) -- The staff of the Virginia Zoo in Norfolk is still searching for their missing Red panda, Sunny.
Residents were invited to come to the zoo Thursday to help look for Sunny. The Newport News Sheriff's Office brought two bloodhounds to the zoo to assist as well.
.#NewportNews Sheriff's Office bloodhounds brought to the @VirginiaZoo to help in the search for missing red panda. https://t.co/pFPe8nhxaY pic.twitter.com/VBygR7Td8q - Joe Fisher (@JoeFisherTV) January 26, 2017
Copyright by WAVY - All rights reserved Sunny (Photo: The Virginia Zoo)
Copyright by WAVY - All rights reserved Sunny (Photo: The Virginia Zoo)
Zoo officials say Sunny was last seen at 5 p.m. Monday. When zoo staff checked the Red Panda habitat Tuesday morning, Sunny was not in their enclosure -- only their mate Thomas was around.
The exhibit is located in the zoo's Asia - Trail of the Tiger section.
Staff are actively searching zoo grounds and a mile radius around it. Norfolk police provided a geothermal camera to zoo staff to help locate Sunny.
Thursday, the zoo announced it was canceling its scheduled Australia Day event so staff could focus on the search.
"The main thing I'm looking for is movement," said Connor Fad.
Fad is a student at Old Dominion University. They spent their Wednesday looking up at trees in the area around the Virginia Zoo.
"I know I look a little bit crazy, but I'm out here for a purpose," Fad added. "If you are the Red panda, where would you want to be?"
If you see Sunny out in the community, do not touch them Instead, if possible, try to take a photo of Sunny and text it to the Virginia Zoo hotline at 757-777-7899, then call with more details. The zoo says if you're looking for her, scan the tree canopy from a distance rather than searching individual trees.
Zoo officials say they have been receiving calls about Sunny sightings, and are following up on the tips, but most have been raccoons.
Virginia Zoo Executive Director Greg Bockheim says it's mating season for the red pandas and maybe Thomas got a bit frisky.
"In this case they may have been after them for a long time and it was rainy the night of Monday; we think they had gotten out and they could have slipped and they could have pushed them off a branch," said Bockheim.
Bockheim believe she's not to far from home and most likely hiding in a tree.
"They want to stay close to things where they will feel safe," Bockheim added.
Sunny came to the Virginia Zoo in May 2016 from Front Royal. Here's a video of them posted by The Virginia Zoo:
This is not the first time a Red panda has escaped its enclosure at The Virginia Zoo. In 2007, a Red panda named Yin escaped their enclosure twice in two months, even after zookeepers made modifications to the fencing.
Several years later, the zoo moved the original panda exhibit from the front of the park to the new Asia area.
The Virginia Zoo says the red panda habitat's trees, barriers and other components are in accordance with the Association of Zoos and Aquariums (AZA) regulations.
Red panda Thomas remains in the exhibit they share with Sunny in the Asia - Trail of the Tiger exhibit.
Stay with WAVY.com for the latest developments in this story.
Politico Chief White House Correspondent Mike Allen talks during the Politico Playbook Breakfast at the Newseum in Washington, DC, November 28, 2012. AFP Photo/Jim WATSON (Photo credit should read JIM WATSON/AFP/Getty Images)
When Bernie Sanders goes on about the “establishment” and how it rigs our democracy, the media often roll their eyes. This is a story about what Sanders is talking about.
Earlier this week Gawker exposed the degree to which Hillary Clinton's aides manipulated a willing press corps to get favorable coverage of Clinton as secretary of state. Based on a FOIA of emails written by Clinton's spokesperson Philippe Reines, reporter J.K. Trotter revealed that Marc Ambinder of the Atlantic allowed Reines to dictate portions of an article in exchange for access to a Clinton speech. At Reines's bidding, Ambinder then described the speech as “muscular” and named prominent figures in their audience, including Dennis Ross, the mediator who is so favorable to Israel.
Mike Allen, White House correspondent for Politico, also described the speech as “muscular,” Trotter reported; and Allen also allowed Reines– “Clinton's notoriously combative spokesperson and consigliere”– to ghost-write an article about the State Department for Politico's “Playbook.”
I've been reading through the emails that Gawker published and noticed one disturbing story that Gawker missed. In September 2009, Mike Allen sent a note to several State Department and White House officials titled “Secret Contest”– to name a column at the publication. [Page 113 at the link] Allen's tone was fawning:
hoping you-all might be nice enough to confidentially help me suggest a name for Laura Rozen's column, launching next week. SCIF or SVTS might be a little too obscure, but that's definitely the idea. alas, “The Cable” and “Situation Room” are perfect, something that lingo and colloquial, yet comprehensible. Foggy Bottom, The Oval, etc. would be super-grateful for any brainstorms. appreciatively, M, cell [redacted]
The note went to Reines, who was then a senior adviser to Hillary Clinton; Andrew Shapiro, then assistant secretary of State for Political Military Affairs; Sarah Feinberg, a high White House aide; Jeremy Bash, then chief of staff to the director of the CIA; Jon Lovett then a speechwriter for President Obama, and a couple other names I can't pinpoint.
The officials evidently responded. An email from Laura Rozen to Allen that same day states (unconvincingly):
man these are really great. sitrep, scif, PDB, the principals' committee, terrific.
Allen promptly shared Rozen's email with their powerful friends. Ultimately the column was titled, Laura Rozen on Foreign Policy.
Clearly, journalists should not be having secret contests with the administration officials they cover to name parts of their publication. And while I've seen way too much journalistic corruption to get particularly outraged over one “secret contest,” what gives it importance is that Reines, Shapiro and Bash, who are all Clintonites, went on to form a foreign policy consulting shop called Beacon Global Strategies, which The Intercept reported two months ago supplies guidance to Clinton but also Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio.
Eric Edelman, a former Bush administration Defense Department official, is an advisory board member to Beacon Global Strategies and a leading foreign policy adviser to Marco Rubio's presidential campaign.
Edelman also founded a neoconservative foreign policy consulting group with Bill Kristol, Robert Kagan and Dan Senor.
Bash previously worked for Jane Harman when they were a California member of congress and secret defender of AIPAC, the Israel lobby group. Shapiro rates one substantive mention in Clinton's book on their time as secretary of state: when they stood up for Israel's access to advanced US military equipment, including during the Gaza conflict of November 2012 that killed about 100 Palestinian civilians and four Israeli civilians, per human rights reports.
When people say that Hillary Clinton's ideas are neoconservative-lite, it's because of this very consensus of Washington insiders. When Hillary Clinton voted for the Iraq war, they were echoing this consensus. When they promised to invite Benjamin Netanyahu to the White House in their first month in office, they were echoing this consensus.
When Bernie Sanders says that the political establishment and the corporate media establishment require a revolution, they are talking about this type of super-grateful coziness– which has produced such horrific results in foreign policy.
PS. I reached out to Mike Allen and Laura Rozen today to ask them about the secret contest. No answer. And BTW, Rozen is a fine reporter who for all the emails show was not in on the contest.
Speculation ran rampant a few weeks back whenstarshared a photo of themselves sharing a laugh with fellow X-Men star(Logan) and former James Bond,(The Foreigner). Considering the latter has literally no current ties to Fox's billion-dollar franchise, they were the focus of practically all discussion as many began to wonder whether they had been cast in the highly coveted role of Cable in the upcoming Deadpool sequel. Well, as it turns out, all that speculation may not have been entirely unfounded.Earlier today, during the latest episode of Popcorn Talk's weekly vodcast Meet The Movie Press, Forbes reporter Simon Thompson shared a few details from their very informative recent encounter with director(who is helming Deadpool 2) at the world premiere of. Thompson utilized an age-old tactic in trying to get Leitch to slip up and reveal any little nugget about the eagerly awaited sequel: "" - emphasis on the yet.He then handed off the discussion to their co-hosts,of Variety and Jeff Sneider of The Tracking Board, and while the former was not allowed to confirm or deny anything on-air, the ever-reliable Sneider dropped a pretty major revelation when they let them know what he's heard: "All three more or less agreed it was still too early to call the Cable race for Brosnan, so it's probably best to take this news with a grain of salt as the situation can change at the drop of a hat. Also, whenever the casting is made official, the announcement is expected to be made by Reynolds.Check out the full episode below and skip ahead to the 21:37 mark to hear the Deadpool 2 discussion:
However, their comments came as Ken Salazar, the US Interior Secretary, launched a renewed attack on BP and its rivals for reacting with "ire" at the prospect of tighter safety procedures.
Mr Hayward's reassurances also coincided with the discovery of tar balls from the the spill off Florida for the first time. Experts fear that currents could be directing a slick the size of Luxembourg towards US coastal areas.
BP said on Tuesday it had managed to contain around 40pc of the flow from its leaking well by piping oil to the surface. The well started gushing 5,000 barrels per day of oil into the ocean when the Deepwater Horizon rig operated by contractor Transocean sank three weeks ago – killing 11 men.
President Obama's administration maintained its pressure on BP last night by castigating the oil industry for resisting safety measures.
"In the past 16 months, our efforts at reform have been characterised as impediments and roadblocks to the development of our domestic oil and gas resources," Mr Salazar said.
A corrections officer was placed on administrative leave after pulling a gun on an ATV rider in the North Pole while they were off duty.
According to the Fairbanks Daily News-Miner, GoPro video footage taken May 29 by an all-terrain vehicle rider named Devarge Walker shows them riding down a gravel road when Gregory Braeuer, an off-duty corrections officer at the Fairbanks Correctional Center, gets out of their pickup, approaches Walker and says, "This ain't a racetrack."
The News-Miner posted the video on its website this week.
Braeuer reaches for the ATV, and a struggle ensues. Walker tells Braeuer to "get the f–k off my bike. The f–k's wrong with you?" Braeuer responds, "What's wrong with you?"
Then Braeuer goes back to their truck, takes out a gun and walks toward Walker.
"Get on the ground right now," Braeuer says. After that point the GoPro camera moves and is facing part of the ATV. Braeuer references their badge and repeats himself: "Get on the f–king ground." Walker gets on the ground.
"Where you headed?" Braeuer is heard asking. Walker replies, "I'm just riding around," and Braeuer then asks, "Why?"
An argument ensues, and Walker tells Braeuer they are being recorded. Walker's friends are also heard talking.
Braeuer "is currently on administrative leave pending further administrative hearings," Alaska Department of Corrections spokesperson Megan Edge said in an email.
They said Alaska State Troopers are investigating the incident, as well as the DOC professional conduct unit.
"Correctional officers do not have the authority to detain anyone outside of a correctional facility," Edge said in the email. "Correctional officers are also not authorized to carry firearms in the course of their duties. As a private citizen, Mr. Braeuer does have the right to carry a firearm."
​​​​​​​Everton parted with £10m to sign England youth international Ademola Lookman, so what's all the fuss about? Nick Wright examines the 19-year-old's potential and gets the inside track from one of the men who oversaw their development at Charlton Athletic.
When Everton poached Leicester's head of recruitment Steve Walsh in the summer, it was easy to understand the logic. The 52-year-old's reputation had hit new heights after they unearthed Jamie Vardy, Riyad Mahrez and N'Golo Kante to inspire Leicester's title triumph, and Everton were eager to apply the same expertise at Goodison Park.
Idrissa Gueye, Yannick Bolasie and Ashley Williams were the headline arrivals in Walsh's first transfer window as Everton's director of football, but last week they began their January spending with a less familiar addition.
Ademola Lookman arrives from Charlton as a little-known teenager with no Premier League experience. But at £10m, they are the most expensive ever signing from League One.
The fee reflects just how highly they are regarded by Everton. A rapid rise into Charlton's first team convinced Walsh that the speedy, skilful little forward could be the next breakout star from the lower leagues, and Ronald Koeman has already described them as an important part of their long-term vision for the club.
Like many of Walsh's best signings, Lookman has had an unconventional route to the top. The jump from League One to Premier League has drawn parallels with Dele Alli's move to Tottenham, but while Alli was on MK Dons' books from the age of 11, Lookman did not set foot in a professional academy until they were 16.
Take a look at some of Ademola Lookman's best moments for Charlton Take a look at some of Ademola Lookman's best moments for Charlton
Charlton U21 coach and former Wimbledon striker Jason Euell remembers how Lookman came to the club's attention. "It was right at the end of the U16 year in 2014," they tell Sky Sports. "The majority of scholarship decisions had already been made, but every year our U16s play a game against Inner London, an FA side for the best players in south London."
Charlton had received a tip-off about Lookman. The youngster was playing what Euell describes as "innocent Sunday football" for an amateur team called Waterloo FC in the London borough of Lambeth, but they produced a dazzling performance for the county side in front of Charlton's watching coaching staff.
"He had no academy background at all," says Euell. "Sometimes it can happen that a player slips through the net, but we were lucky to already have a relationship with the county and with Waterloo FC. We signed them on a scholarship straight away."
Lookman was drafted into Charlton's U18 side during their first season at the club, scoring 17 goals in 29 appearances as they clinched both regional and national titles. It wasn't long before Premier League clubs started to take note, but Charlton are experts in youth coaching and understood the need to be cautious with their development.
"We knew the talent they had but sometimes it's about taking your time with someone like him," says Euell. "He had been training once or twice a week but they had to get used to every day, professional football while doing their school work. They had growing to do and they had to start a full-time weights programme, so we had to be careful with how we used him."
Ademola Lookman has joined Everton on a four-and-a-half year contract
Lookman was eventually promoted to Euell's U21s, and in November 2015 they made their senior debut in a 1-0 defeat to MK Dons. Charlton's season would end in relegation to League One, but a little over a year on from playing Sunday league football, Lookman took the step up in their stride, scoring five goals in 24 appearances and landing the 2015/16 Championship Apprentice of the Year award.
Lookman's breakthrough was recognised with their first England U19 call-up last May. Their outstanding attributes are their pace, dribbling and powerful finishing ability with both feet, but without any professional coaching before they joined Charlton, there were areas of their game which required extra attention.
"There were a lot of things they missed out on, and that was the learning and understanding of the game," says Euell. "Young lads always say they can play football, but then comes the tactical side of it, the game understanding and the decision-making process.
"We didn't want to stop Ademola from doing what they do because that's what makes them special, it was just about getting them to understand when and where to do certain things. At every level, every game is different. They had to learn what was needed from them in and out of possession."
Charlton rejected an offer from Crystal Palace in the summer, but Lookman never lost focus and added seven goals in 25 appearances for Charlton in the first-half of this season. Euell chuckles as they recall having to drag them off the training pitch at Charlton's Sparrow's Lane headquarters. That determination to improve should serve them well at Everton.
Ademola Lookman in action for Charlton against QPR last season
"He's a great character and everyone else at the training ground would say exactly the same thing," says Euell. "He is just a humble boy who loves their football. They hate being injured and they always want to do extra work. They just wants the ball at their feet and wants to improve. He's one of those guys who absolutely hates losing."
Charlton manager Karl Robinson only coached Lookman for a few weeks having taken over at The Valley in November, but they described the teenager as an "incredible talent" and a "joy to work with" when the deal was confirmed on Thursday. Lookman has made a positive impression on just about everyone who has known him, and they head to Everton hoping for more of the same.
"He called me up yesterday to say goodbye," says Euell. "I said: 'Goodbye? It's only a see you later, you're only going up north!' We had a nice chat. I gave them a bit of advice and wished them well." Lookman is still learning, but they have the talent and they have the temperament too. In their new Merseyside surroundings, they might just become Walsh's latest success story.
The San Francisco 49ers have their entire tight end depth chart returning in 2015, but that will not stop the team from considering some younger options. The 49ers met with Clive Walford at the Senior Bowl and then had a formal sitdown with them at the NFL Combine. Earlier this month, they added another tight end into the mix. According to Charean Williams, the 49ers met with Texas A&M tight end Cameron Clear at their Pro Day.
Maxx Williams is the big tight end name in this year's NFL Draft, with Walford looking like the second tight end to come off the board next month. Our own Nick Chiamardas ranked Walford as the No. 2 tight end, and ESPN and CBS have done likewise. Clear on the other hand, is barely on the radar. CBS did not include him, while ESPN had them in UDFA territory. NFL.com went so far as to say there were some rumors NFL teams might consider turning the 6'5, 277 pound tight end into a tackle.
Clear is not a guy who would be viewed as a big time option, but could end up a camp invite. Walford joins Williams as one of a short list of potential candidates for a serious opportunity. The 49ers might be bringing back all their tight ends, but that does not mean there are no questions. Vernon Davis is coming off their worst year as a pro, Vance McDonald has a serious back injury that cost them much of the season. Garrett Celek had their own back issues, and Derek Carrier ended up on IR.
McDonald is the most concerning. They have struggled to get going in their NFL career, and a back injury is always a scary injury. In their recent chat, Matt Maiocco briefly mentioned McDonald. They were asked if Ahmad Brooks or Vernon Davis might end up being released or traded. In addressing Davis, MM said, "The 49ers really don't have a No. 2 tight end with concerns over Vance McDonald's future due to how their back will hold out."
The 49ers begin their offseason workout program next week, with two weeks of strength and conditioning work, as well as rehab for injured players. After that, the team gets into football school, and we get a better handle on who is available. Things advance to padded and contact work as we move into OTAs and then training camp. Barring the unforeseen, that is when we'll get a better handle on Vance McDonald's back. Ideally they recover fine and is ready to take a step forward this fall. Of course, we know "ideally" has been hard to come by at times this offseason.
Lately, I've been training at 5 am. It's been cold. Frigid. And, as much as I enjoy the brisk workout and the sun rise, there's one thing I dread. Coming back to the cold recovery chocolate milk waiting for me in my car.
If you're one of the many who's tried and regularly uses our Whole Food Chocolate Syrup Milk recipe, you know it can provide the carbohydrates, protein, and antioxidants needed for a good recovery. It's easy, delicious, and inexpensive compared to commercial chocolate syrup or recovery drinks. And, in the Winter, it's easy enough to make it into a warm drink by simply warming the milk on the stove top and then adding the chocolate syrup. But what if you need recovery on the go? If you need it at the gym or office after an early morning or a mid-day ride?
Here's our Travel Ready Hot Chocolate Powder Recovery Recipe. It includes all the benefits of the Chocolate Milk Syrup Recipe plus an added ingredient to speed up recovery and reduce soreness.
Recipe of the week: Travel-Ready Hot Cocoa Recovery Mix
Ingredients:
½ Tbsp Cocoa
1 Tbsp Sugar or Powdered Honey*
dash Ground Cinnamon
15 grams protein from protein powder such as whey, whey/casein, or ¼ cup Chocolate PB2
1 tsp mg l-glutamine (4.5 – 5 grams l-glutamine)
Instructions:
Place all ingredients in mug. Add 8-12 oz. hot water. To make ahead and store, try ½ cup cocoa, 1 cup sugar, 1 ½ tsp cinnamon, 210 grams protein from powder, and 1/3 cup l-glutamine (to equal at least 80 gms). Keep in dry, cool place for up to 6 months or until protein powder expiration (whichever is first). 16 Servings.
Whole-Food-At-Home Option: If you are recovering at home or in a place with perishable foods, you can make this recipe with slightly higher-quality ingredients: First, omit the sugar and reduce protein powder to 5 grams on the mix recipe. Then, heat 6 oz. milk (any kind) mixed with 2-6 oz. water on stovetop. Add cocoa, cinnamon, protein powder and l-glutamine + 1 Tbsp organic honey or agave. Enjoy!
Comments:
As you know, good recovery fuel can be regular, whole, foods that provide carbohydrates and protein. There's no reason why a commercial “recovery drink” or bar has to be used. In fact, I find just as good of results, and much better satisfaction with clients who choose to use whole, real foods. But, there's always the convenience factor.
Usually, my whole-food options necessitate a home recovery, or a travel cooler, or a frozen smoothie thawing in the car. Even this one requires a thermos of hot water. And there's a good reason why. Most whole, fresh, real foods require refrigeration because they do not contain the preservatives and chemical ingredients used to make a food-shelf stable for long periods of time. With this week's recipe, I conceded the carb source and used sugar (not my first choice) and used a protein powder instead of a whole protein source. But still, the combination of sugar (carbs), cocoa and cinnamon (antioxidants), protein powder (protein), and water (fluid) provides all the basic building blocks needed to replenish glycogen stores, hydrate, and reduce muscle wasting after training.
And yet, there's an extra ingredient to facilitate muscle recovery: l-glutamine.
L-Glutamine is an amino acid that specifically helps reduce soreness and aid muscles in recovery. In fact, l-glutamine is the most abundant free amino acid in skeletal muscles and in the blood. During and after intense exercise, there's a significant drop in blood l-glutamine, suggesting that it's conditionally essential (essential in the diet) during periods of intense exercise, physical stress, injury, and illness. In a state of severe fatigue and over-training, L-glutamine levels remain low.
Additionally, L-Glutamine is used for energy cycles within cells, is consumed by intestinal cells and can improve function and health, and lastly, may improve immune function (with all the severe colds/flues going around, it couldn't hurt).
Bonus Recipe: Whipped Coconut Cream – This one might not be travel-ready, but it's worth the wait for those days when you do recover at home. And, it will add healthy medium chain triglyceride coconut fats to your recovery. 1) Place a can of coconut milk in the fridge overnight(preferably Native Forest but any full-fat canned coconut milk will work). 2) The next day, turn the can over, open it, and pour out the liquid (save for other use). 3) Place solid cream in a deep bowl and whip with a hand mixer. 4) Mix in a dash of vanilla and honey, if desired, and whip some more until the consistency of whipped cream. 5) Place a dollop on top of your Hot Cocoa Recovery and enjoy!
When the temperatures drop as much as they have this year, it's time for a thermas of steaming hot recovery. Warm up this week with our Hot Cocoa Recovery Mix and let us know if you can feel the extra l-glutamine working for you.
Fuel your Ride. Nourish your Body.
Story highlights Congress passed a one-week extension to fund the government through Friday
The latest deal would include billions in new defense spending as well as money for border security
(CNN) Bipartisan congressional negotiators reached a critical agreement late Sunday on a massive spending bill that if approved by the House and Senate would fund the government through the end of September, senior aides from both parties told CNN.
The plan would add billions for the Pentagon and border security but would not provide any money for President Donald Trump's promised border wall with Mexico,
Votes in both chambers are expected by the end of the week.
The deal was reached after weeks of tense but steady negotiations between Republicans and Democrats on Capitol Hill and the White House, who battled over spending priorities but who were equally determined to avoid a politically fraught government shutdown. Republicans, who control Congress and the White House, were particularly wary of a shutdown on their watch.
Read More
Even with two sided market action, Tom Sosnoff argues that active investors can nearly always outperform passive, "buy and hold" investors. But does Dylan agree that that's the case after expensive commission fees? Tune in to find out this duo's take on Fed rate hike chatter, selling premium vs. directional plays and why learning active management is crucial to our financial literacy future.
PASSIVE OWNERSHIP OF INDICES :
Is it the only way to be profitable?
STAYING SHORT IN TOUGH TIMES:
How has Tom's net short position faired in this rally?
BONDS & HIKES:
Is there any merit to Fed chatter about raising interest rates?
INSTILLING FEAR:
Do passive investment firms brainwash us with skewed data to steer us away from do-it-yourself investing?
FB, AMZN, GOOG:
Should you be long these high flying tech stocks?
Fake news could be getting a shot in the arm thanks to Montreal based tech startup Lyrebird. Lyrebird is on the brink of releasing a service that will enable you to copy somebody else's voice with only 1 minute's worth of recorded audio. They're currently offering some examples of what Lyrebird can do on their website and we've featured a couple for you below.
Advertisement
As Lyrebird Hilary pointed out they're using deep learning and artificial neural networks and the result is quite staggering. The other important thing to note is that Lyrebird are going to release the technology to everybody meaning simulated voices could soon be everywhere. It might not just be prominent politicians or celebs who get their voices copied, it could happen to you or you could use the technology to copy the voice of somebody you know.
With that being the case certain ethical issues are raised by the proliferation of cheap and abundant voice simulations. As well as security issues that could arise through handing over security details to a bot that that is masquerading as somebody close to you there is also the issue of voice recordings being used as evidence. To this Lyrbird speak directly via the Ethics section of their website.
“Voice recordings are currently considered as strong pieces of evidence in our societies and in particular in jurisdictions of many countries. Our technology questions the validity of such evidence as it allows to easily manipulate audio recordings. This could potentially have dangerous consequences such as misleading diplomats, fraud and more generally any other problem caused by stealing the identity of someone else.
By releasing our technology publicly and making it available to anyone, we want to ensure that there will be no such risks. We hope that everyone will soon be aware that such technology exists and that copying the voice of someone else is possible. More generally, we want to raise attention about the lack of evidence that audio recordings may represent in the near future.”
In the online arena it looks as though the relatinship we have with our owbn voices and the voices of the people around us look set to change. We could soon be able to use anybody's voice to talk for us when communicating online. When added to the security implications and the possibility the technology could be used for fraud the release of Lyrebird's voice simulation capabilities could see seismic changes occur in the way we consume media on the internet.
By Ori Lewis and Elana Ringler
BEIT YANAI, Israel (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Palestinian villagers living in desolate, off-grid areas in the West Bank have begun using Israeli-made biogas generators that supply free, clean energy by gobbling up organic waste.
The portable, household "anaerobic digesters" made by Israeli start-up company HomeBioGas turn food leftovers and manure into methane for cooking and lighting.
They can be taken along if people living in ramshackle huts or tent dwellers, such as local Bedouin, decide to relocate or move home.
"HomeBioGas has invented this simple digester that can easily be assembled and transported," said Palestinian engineer Amer Rabayah, who coordinates installation of the devices.
Rural West Bank areas that Palestinians want as part of a future state with the Gaza Strip and East Jerusalem have been left under-developed, while Israel, which captured the territory in a 1967 Middle East war, has invested in adjacent settlements.
Palestinians - largely left to fend for themselves - have relied on donations from foreign states and international aid agencies.
"(In) this area ... there is no water or electricity. We have no services," said local resident and digester owner Nayef Zayid.
Around 40 digesters have been set up in a pilot project at the Palestinian village of al-Awja in the central West Bank's Jordan Valley.
The European Union has funded the project to the tune of some 500,000 euros ($559,750), and the Peres Center for Peace, set up by former Israeli president Shimon Peres, facilitated Israeli-Palestinian cooperation.
A group of Israeli and Palestinian volunteers helped assemble the digesters, which take about three hours to install.
Some digesters have also been provided to Bedouin in Israel in partnership with the Arava Institute for Environmental Studies, based in the arid Negev desert.
HEALTHY OPTION
Oshik Efrati, chief executive officer of HomeBioGas, said they hoped the product would save many lives in rural areas across the world where smoke from cooking on an open fire causes severe respiratory illness and death.
Up to 2.7 billion people live in under-served communities with no access to clean energy and waste disposal services, HomeBioGas says, while 4.3 million women and children die each year due to inhaling smoke from indoor open fires.
The company aims to expand its production capacity and enlist governments and aid agencies to buy digesters for impoverished communities, but plans are still in their infancy, Efrati said.
"This system will be available to everyone that needs it in the developing world. It will eliminate waste, it makes clean gas, and there is no need to breathe in any smoke," they said.
A fermentation process to produce the gas is precipitated when bacteria are added in powder or liquid form to a mix of water and waste. The bacteria then multiply to create a self-perpetuating process.
Rich liquid fertilizer, a byproduct of the process, can also be used to boost crop growth for a population that largely relies on agriculture for income, Efrati explained.
HomeBioGas declined to discuss a retail price for the digester, whose materials and construction costs amount to a few hundred dollars. It is best suited for use in warm climates.
The company also sees affluent, environmentally aware Western consumers as future clients for its product, which will be sold to them for profit, marketing director Ami Amir said.
(Writing by Ori Lewis; editing by Megan Rowling)
Professional bodybuilding often comes with serious physical implications — high stress on bones and joints, grueling workouts and high-calorie, high-protein diets that are less similar to your typical breakfast/lunch/dinner and more reminiscent of a tiger gorging on an entire antelope. But an increasing number of bodybuilders reject the conception of what a serious weight-lifter “must” eat and are forging a new path into vegetarian– and even vegan– bodybuilding.
Mary Pilon of the New York Times recently delved into the world of vegan bodybuilding, asking Jimi Sitko about their lifestyle and why they choose to live simultaneously as a vegan and an elite athlete. They write, “Jimi Sitko gets up at 4 most mornings, works out two to four hours a day and can bench-press nearly twice their weight [...] but what is most surprising is what is inside Sitko's stomach: tofu, fresh greens, and protein powder.”
As Sitko, and the nearly 5,000 registered users of veganbodybuilding.com, demonstrate, it is possible to be a vegan bodybuilder — but it is tough to get enough of the protein essential for building huge muscles and mind-boggling strength. Vegan bodybuilders cannot rely solely on natural sources of protein such as rice and beans and peanut butter, as they would have to eat literally tons of these foods in order to absorb sufficient quantities of protein. Vegan protein powder and hemp-based protein supplements are key to the success of an aspiring vegan bodybuilder.
My question is: why would anyone want to put themselves through the extra challenge of being a vegan bodybuilder? Bodybuilding is difficult; veganism is difficult. The two together are nearly impossible. But Sitko and others like them are dedicated to both lifestyles and are unwilling to compromise on either end. For some, the extra challenge may be part of the fun.
I was a vegetarian for about a year during high school, but since then I have not experimented with restricted eating in any form. I sometimes view my athleticism as an excuse to eat anything I want (probably not a healthy attitude!) and I admire the discipline of athletes who perform at a high level and are conscious of what they eat.
Are you vegetarian or vegan? How has it affected your exercise habits? Share your thoughts in the comments.
Related Stories:
Vegan Bodybuilder Debunks Protein Myth (VIDEO)
Speciesism and Veganism: Transcending Politics and Religion
Does Ellen's Vegan Site Conflict with a Cover Girl Endorsement?
Photo credit: greg westfall
No, not these kind. Instead, I'm in Stockholm for a meeting of the Mont Pelerin Society, and this gathering of classical liberals (i.e., the Adam Smith types that believe in freedom, not the modern liberals that favor collectivism) has featured some discussion of the Scandinavian social welfare state - often referred to as the Swedish Model.
What is particularly interesting is that Sweden is not the left-wing paradise that some imagine. Yes, government is far too big, consuming about 50 percent of economic output. But Sweden also has an extensive system of school choice. Equally remarkable, Sweden has a system of personal retirement accounts. Indeed, if one removed fiscal policy variables from the ratings, Sweden would be more free market than the United States in the Economic Freedom of the World rankings.
But even in the area of fiscal policy, Sweden is making progress. In recent years, policymakers have abolished both the death tax and the wealth tax. And the corporate tax rate has been reduced significantly below the U.S. level.
Sweden often is cited as an example of a nation that proves a big welfare state is not an obstacle to being a rich society. But as I wrote in my study comparing the United States and the Nordic nations:
Thursday, July 1, 2010 | 8:27 AM
Labels: Google Products
Today, July 1st, YouTube is teaming up with PBS NewsHour for an exclusive interview with Bob Dudley, President and CEO of BP's Gulf Coast Restoration Organization. In a live session moderated by the PBS NewsHour's Ray Suarez, Mr. Dudley will respond directly to the public's questions about the ongoing oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico.
If your organization is interested in being part of the discussion, we welcome questions from you and your members. You can ask BP questions about accountability, the clean-up plan, recovery efforts in the Gulf region, environmental impact, the status of the relief well drilling, the role of the U.S. government, the future of offshore drilling and of BP as a company, or any other topic on your mind.
Participate in the discussion by submitting questions and voting for the best ones using Google Moderator on youtube.com/citizentube. The top questions will be posed in the live interview today, Thursday, July 1, at 3:30 pm ET/12:30 pm PT on CitizenTube. Portions of the interview will also be aired Thursday evening on PBS NewsHour and available on YouTube.
We look forward to your submitted questions for this exclusive interview.
Ismail M.
Ali Ü.
Michael Bauer
Doskozil
hatte an dem Tag mitund einem Wachkommandanten einen 24-Stunden-Dienst absolviert. Zum Zeitpunkt des Schusses soll sich der 20-Jährige, um 19.13 Uhr, im Wachcontainer ausgeruht haben. "Es gibt beim Sturmgewehr einen Abzugspunkt und wenn dieser überschritten wird, lösen sich mehrere Schüsse. Am Montagabend fiel aber nur ein Schuss", sagt der Sprecher des Verteidigungsministeriums. Außerdem hätte der Verdächtige die Waffe zuerst repetieren und diese entsichern müssen, um einen Schuss abzugeben.: "Da ist sehr viel aktives Zutun notwendig. Man muss abwarten, was da tatsächlich passiert ist."
Laut Anwalt Manfred Arbacher-Stöger von der Kanzlei Farid Rifaat, der den Beschuldigten Ali Ü. vertritt, sei es zu einer Verkettung unglücklicher Umstände gekommen. „Ein Zeuge hat ausgesagt, dass ihm die Waffe untertags runtergefallen ist. Ab einer bestimmten Höhe kann es sein, dass die Patrone in den Lauf rutscht.“ Nun soll ein Waffengutachten Klarheit bringen. Ali Ü.'s Ausbildner bezeichnete den Salzburger als „einen der Besten seit Jahren“. Er sei positiv aufgefallen, heißt es aus dem Verteidigungsministerium.
Gegen Ismail M. soll auch ein Ausgangsverbot verhängt worden sein, weil er nicht Wache schieben wollte. Auch im Fall Toni P. soll er mit seiner Meinung nicht hinter dem Berg gehalten haben. "Ich kann nur das erzählen, was er mir erzählt hat. Sie waren Zimmerkameraden und Toni hat sich beim Marsch ziemlich schwer getan. Sie hatten alle kein Wasser mehr, weil sie es ausgetrunken hatten. Und dem Toni ging es nicht mehr gut", erzählt Kaplan. "Da hat mein Schwager zum Gefreiten, der für die Gruppe zuständig war, gesagt: ,Ruf endlich einen Krankenwagen.' Er hat dann gemeint: ,Nein, wir machen jetzt fünf Minuten Pause.'"
Als es Toni nicht besser ging, soll Ismail den Gefreiten noch einmal angeschrien haben. Erst dann hätte dieser den Krankenwagen beordert. In der Kaserne starb Toni P. vor den Augen von Ismail M.
A prototype is a preliminary model of something. Projects that offer physical products need to show backers documentation of a working prototype. This gallery features photos, videos, and other visual documentation that will give backers a sense of what's been accomplished so far and what's left to do. Though the development process can vary for each project, these are the stages we typically see:
YOU CAN NOT GET CLEAN WITH YOUR CLOTHES ON!
Are you ready to shower in public with privacy? Sounds impossible right? Well its not and we have the solution!! We saw a need and ran with it. We are ready to place our first order and after many samples and prototypes and material changes, we now have our prototype in hand. All we have to do is get funded and push the big red button and we are "off to the races". (no pun intended). You can not go anywhere and use the Shower Toga without getting the question "where can I get one". This response to our own solution, to our problem led us to create the patent pending "Shower Toga". We are beyond excited to share our creation with you. Everything is ready to go on our end, now all we need is YOU. "Thanks" does not even begin to cover it. We just love this simple solution to our dirty problem and we know you will too.
I HAD A NEED
I HATED getting in my car after a mud run. This is my first Shower Toga that I made for my own use.
People saw it and LOVED it...
And after several more prototypes, we have a final version that's suitable for people of nearly all shapes and sizes.
A good run on a beautiful day, a quick shower, and then back to enjoying our day.
We made it really versatile and easy to use.
A quick shower and I'm ready for anything.
And added some really cool feature too.
Top edge cord locks 1) to draw cord tight around body, 2) for the ladies to draw tight behind neck. Bottom edge cord lock is to turn the Shower Toga into a carry bag for dirty clothes, shoes, and other items.
But we didn't stop solving problems with just a showering garment.
I've been enamored with the Das Keyboard since it launched in 2005. These supremely clicky, IBM-style keyboards are some of the most rugged mechanical input devices you can buy. Their Pro model — an all-black monolith with black keys and no key markings — is the gold standard for Gibson-esque console jockeys who believe that the best keyboard can be used as a weapon and shouldn't be touched by mere mortals.
The company just launched a new “quiet” version of its Das Keyboard, Model S Professional Quiet, and I thought it would be fun to talk with Daniel Guermeur, founder of the company who went from being an open-source software maven at the turn of the century to making one of the most sought-after and coolest keyboards on the market. While Guermeur still works in software, their clicky Das Keyboard is probably their most lasting legacy in the gaming and programming world, a unique tool suited to unique professionals.
John Biggs: We've been talking about Das Keyboard for years, but I don't think anybody's really talked about how you started the company, what the inspiration was?
Daniel Guermeur: The company started in the year 2000 as a software company. At that point, we started with open source software. We actually commercialized or distributed one of the first point and click content management systems.
Within 30 days of that software being released, it was No. 1. It was the most downloaded server software on SourceForge. We had been selling there, so our model was to provide tech support for that open source software.
We did pretty well until the end of the dot-com boom, and at that point, every, most software companies had trouble finding customers, so we had to downscale a little bit. But we still kept going with that. We were pure software at that point.
Me being a software person, I spend my time on the computer, like 8 or 10 hours a day every day and the weekends and so on. Even more than 10 hours, I guess. One day I realized that I'm a pretty slow typist and if I typed faster, I would actually achieve more. I kind of tried to understand why I was slow and it was because I was looking at the keys.
So I thought, hey, if I could not look at the keys, my mind will know where the keys are. It will memorize where the keys are. So I asked my assistant to find me a keyboard with nothing on it, no key inscriptions and they came back, saying, “Hey, it doesn't exist. I could not find one.”
So I told her, “Hey, could you contact somebody, could you find a factory in China and have them make one just for me?” And they did. And so three months later, I received a blank keyboard, totally black and totally blank and I typed on it.
And amazingly enough, I doubled my speed within 30 days.
JB: Wow.
DG: So I was pretty happy because I was very slow. I was around 30 words a minute, now I'm at 65, something like that. And I kept it on my desk and the amazing part is that people who came to my office, friends and colleagues say, “Hey, wow, you have a blank keyboard. You must be really good.” I said, “Yes, that's me, I'm really good.”
So there was this cool factor I didn't know about before people told me, that it really looked bad ass. And so I kept going, using my keyboard and after about a year, I had so many requests from people asking me, “Hey, where did you buy that keyboard? We want to buy one because it's so cool.”
I said, “Hey, let me do a little study and you'll be able to buy it from my website within one month.”
I went to see my friend, Maurice Miller, who's one of the founders of Rackspace and I told him, “Hey, I want to ask your sysadmins to test my keyboard to see if they would buy it because a blank keyboard is something that nobody wants to buy except crazy people like me.”
My assumption was that people who are in the tech world, like sysadmins and programmers, they would like that because they were more or less like me. They said that they really liked the keyboard. About 60 percent said they would buy it, so I thought, “Hey, it's a marketing result.” It was an informal marketing survey, nothing scientific. I thought, “Wow, that's pretty impressive — 60 percent — it's incredible. I've got to try that, to set it up online.”
What I did is I created a one-page website over the weekend. I took a picture of my keyboard. I think it was on Monday we made the website public. It was linked to a stock Yahoo store, totally ugly. The whole website, the concept was that the blank keyboard is only for the geeks — for the ubergeeks. That was the angle.
We sent one email to Gizmodo — a five-line email — saying, “Hey, Gizmodo. We've got a kick-ass, a bad-ass blank keyboard called Das Keyboard,” and we sent them the link. That's all the marketing we did. I thought, they probably won't publish that, ever, but my idea was that if I sell 15 keyboards, then maybe there was a market. Then if I have totally misjudged the opportunity I'll sell probably five, so between five and 15.
Actually, Gizmodo published a little blog post, and within five days we had millions of visitors. The keyboard was featured in the New York Times. In the print edition we had a picture of the keyboard. It was on Slashdot, CBS News, we got MTV, World News Report, we got a ton of people talking about the keyboard.
We got millions of visitors. The web server was so busy we had to upgrade the machine. It kept crashing. We got thousands of orders within a few days.
JB: I just realized that was my post on Gizmodo. I'm looking at it now.
DG: Hey!
JB: I wrote that. I just checked. I wrote that in 2005.
DG: Thank you so much. Wow. That's awesome.
JB: Yeah.
DG: Yeah, so I'm talking to you.
JB: Yeah, I'm the guy who made your company work.
DG: I think you are, yes. Yeah, that's really awesome. Hopefully at some point we can meet in person so I can shake your hand.
JB: That would be nice. Anyway, keep going.
DG: We had a huge demand, and we didn't plan for that so we didn't have any inventory. We identified a few possible suppliers, but we didn't talk to them. We said, “Hey, what do we do? We are a software company. We know nothing about hardware, and we have customers.”
We said, “We should try to deliver within three months.”
We contacted the customers and said, “Hey, we are out of stock. Are you willing to wait three months, and then we'll ship?”
The vast majority said, “Yes, we are totally wanting to wait three months because that keyboard is so bad-ass. The blank keyboard, we want it.”
We said, “OK.” Then we worked really hard to procure all the keyboards and deliver them. That's how it started.
At that point we decided, “Let's upgrade the quality of the keyboard,” so we have been starting to improve the design, improve the technology, always focusing on the highest possible quality of every component we use.
Then we actually were able to carve a niche with positioning, which is Das Keyboard is the ultimate typing machine, where everything we design, the spirit of it, is to have the best, highest quality possible. The best typing experience possible.
That was our idea.
We think people spend at least eight hours a day typing on a keyboard, which makes a keyboard very important. That's the object many people touch the most in their entire life. It's a keyboard. That's why we think, if you have a very responsive keyboard, very comfortable, your whole life gets upgraded. I don't know what kind of keyboard you use, but I can tell you our customers really love it. When we have a new opening here on Metadot, they come and they start typing on it. They just love it.
We started with the blank keyboard. That is the one I have on my desk. Then we said, “Hey, there is a lot of demand for a high-quality, very tactile keyboard, but with inscriptions,” so then we decided to do it as well. We call it the Professional. The blank one is the Ultimate. The other one is called the Professional.
We went through several generations of products. The latest one is generation No. 3. It's the latest, and we have several flavors.
Two models — which is Ultimate, blank one, and the Professional — and within those we have options, like the typing experience. One is the blue key switch, which is the most clicky. We have the brown key switch, which we call Soft Tactile, so it's less clicky but still very tactile. Less clicky means also it's not as audible as the blue key switch.
Today, we launched what we call the Quiet Keyboard. It's a quiet key design. It's a red key switch with a quiet key design, which makes it very quiet. The tactile feel is absolutely unbelievable. Maybe we should send you one like this so you can…
That's the demand we have now. It's a little bit like the tomato sauce. You have tomato sauce with the gigantic piece of meat, and some people like that, and some people prefer when the meatballs are smaller, or a lot smaller. There is like a flavor of experience that people want to have. What's amazing is that, on paper, the specifications are very similar, but the user experience is so different.
JB: Where did you get the name? What's the inspiration of the name? Is it just because it sounds cool?
DG: It's a combination of things. First of all, the switch technology is German. I'm French, and my partner is German, so we looked at a good name; we looked at a blank keyboard, and so on.
A good name that actually meant something for many people was the word “das,” which is German for “the,” and “Keyboard” is really honest, so it will be “The Keyboard,” but with some German elements to it, which is about high quality, high performance, and good reliability, like the German concept of technology. That's the idea behind it.
JB: What's the future of the keyboard? Do you think you guys are going to be making keyboards in five years? Do you think keyboards are going to stick around?
DG: The answer is yes. In the '80s, already I heard that the keyboard is dead — people are going to use voice recognition within a few years. I thought, “Wow, that sounds cool. I want to use that.” But the reality is that when people do serious typing they use a workstation, and they have a big screen. They have an awesome mouse, and they need to have an awesome keyboard.
If you check on Google Trends, the search trends of “mechanical keyboards” — just those two words — you will see that the demand has been exponentially increasing in the last years. There is a huge demand, and I think the demand is going to increase, even though people buy fewer desktops.
I think people who are still doing that are buying better-quality components that they use for a longer time. Hence, I think Das Keyboard is the key to doing that.
We have lots of things in the making. A lot. If you look at the competition, typically they do, “Hey, we have a keyboard. Now we are going to do a mouse, and maybe some different keyboards, more keyboards, so 20 keyboards or 50 keyboards.”
We are not going to do that. We have a different strategy. It's a strategy that nobody has done yet. I cannot tell you all of it now, but the idea is that we're going to focus on a very limited number of keyboards and we are going to increase the kind of products we sell, different kinds of products.
The concept that we are trying to address is that people want to be more productive when they work and we are going to give them tools so they are more productive in general.
JB: I saw the reusable earplugs on the site. That's funny because it's so true. This is the loudest keyboard ever. Who is the strangest or most interesting person that you've met who has been using Das Keyboard? Anybody famous or amazing that you know?
DG: I know that Noam Chomsky has one.
JB: I'm not sure that's a good thing for some people.
Image copyright PA
Inflation has reached its highest rate for two-and-a-half years, mainly as a result of the rising price of fuel.
Annual inflation as measured by the Consumer Prices Index (CPI) reached 1.8% last month, the Office for National Statistics (ONS) said, up from a rate of 1.6% in December.
It is the fourth consecutive month that the rate has risen and takes inflation to its highest since June 2014.
Fuel prices hit a two-year high in early February, according to the RAC.
As well as fuel, the ONS said food prices also contributed to the rise in inflation, as prices were unchanged between December and January, having fallen a year ago.
Offsetting these factors, the prices of clothing and footwear fell by more than they did 12 months ago.
Inflation means inflation, but who wins?
The increase in the inflation rate takes it closer to the Bank of England's target rate of 2%, which was last seen in December 2013.
Inflation is widely expected to pick up this year as a result of the weaker pound, which is making imported goods more expensive.
Earlier this month, the Bank of England said it expected the inflation rate would hit 2.7% next year.
Rate speculation
Separate ONS figures for producer prices showed that input prices - the amount paid for materials and fuel by UK manufacturers - rose at an annual rate of 20.5% in January, the fastest pace since September 2008, and a rapid pickup in pace from the 15.8% figure seen in December.
The prices of goods leaving factories were up 3.5%
ONS head of inflation Mike Prestwood said: "The costs of raw materials and goods leaving factories both rose significantly, mainly thanks to higher oil prices and the weakened pound."
Chris Williamson, chief business economist at analysts IHS Markit, said: "While the further upturn in price pressures will fuel speculation that interest rates may start to rise later in 2017, the most likely scenario remains one of policy staying on hold over the next two years as the economy navigates through Brexit.
"Further upward pressure on prices looks inevitable in coming months as energy costs continue to climb and firms pass rising costs on to customers, pushing inflation up towards 3.0% in the second half of the year.
"Wage growth has crept up to 2.8%. However, our expectation is that it will slow, or at least remain muted, in 2017 as the labour market cools, providing the Bank of England with leeway to keep policy on hold."
Consumer inflation as measured by the Retail Prices Index (RPI), which includes housing costs, rose to 2.6% in January from 2.5% the month before.
Analysis: Simon Gompertz, personal finance reporter
A red light is flashing. It's been set off by a jump in what our manufacturers are having to pay for imported raw materials.
They face the same fuel price hike as motorists. Metals have gone up, and foodstuffs as well.
Companies aren't passing on the full 20.5% increase yet. They have only put their own prices up by 3.5% on average.
But the ONS warns that the increases are starting to show up on the High Street.
Shoppers are already faced with higher prices for imported cars, computers and kitchen equipment, the result of the drop in the value of the pound.
Soon our own factories could be charging substantially more as well.
By
Rumors abound that the beleaguered Canadian company BlackBerry is considering introducing Android-based smartphones to its lineup of products. First off, let me say I'm a little surprised that BlackBerry is still around at all! I figured they'd be long gone by now. It is a testament to how strong they were before, their entrenchment in the enterprise market, and their portfolio of technology assets that they've been able to stay in business to this point. Once the king of smartphones, BlackBerry's world was turned upside down first by Apple's iPhone and the subsequent plethora of Android-based devices. They are hardly a blip anymore in the mainstream market, and their grip on corporate accounts has been slowly but surely slipping over time. Their BlackBerry 10 (BB10) operating system was their last big salvo in the smartphone war and so far it has been largely ignored by the market at large. So now it seems that perhaps BlackBerry will turn to producing Android-based smartphones to capture any last chance at relevance.
Some industry experts think this is a good idea. To some degree, it could make some sense. BlackBerry 10 already includes an Android compatibility layer so that some Android apps will run on BlackBerry phones. This enlarges the potential library of apps that BlackBerry phones can work with. Certainly apps are critically important to a smartphone platform's acceptance in the marketplace. So if the BB10 platform is a non-starter, why not go with an Android-based smartphone and go full-bore into that ecosystem?
Perhaps this is BlackBerry's only option at this point. While publicly, BlackBerry is sticking with their BB10 operating system (which makes sense as to not knife the baby at this point), if they know that BB10 is ultimately doomed, their only chance at smartphone relevance is the “if you can't beat 'em, join 'em” strategy. Since they can't make Apple iOS devices, then Android is their only choice.
While maybe this is their only option, it doesn't mean this is actually a good strategy for profitability. Joining the ranks of the multitude of Android smartphone manufacturers will simply dilute any differentiation the Blackberry brand had. Perhaps 10 years ago the BlackBerry brand would have stood out to the marketplace. However, in 2015, Android is a quagmire of mediocrity and the Blackberry name has not proven itself strong enough to attract customers since Apple introduced the iPhone in 2007, ushering in the New World of Technology. By becoming yet another Android smartphone manufacturer, BlackBerry will simply become another face in the crowd.
BlackBerry's only chance is to survive in the Android marketplace is to become the flagship Android brand. With Samsung's sudden decline in the overall smartphone market since Apple introduced their iPhone 6, there is an opening available for someone to swoop in and create a name for themselves. However, the Android marketplace is not a one that values differentiation. Android owners are hardly loyal to their devices, as has been shown with the defection rate from Samsung now that Apple has large-screen devices. I can not see a reasonable scenario where BlackBerry enters the Android market and is able to successfully compete with the other Android handset makers, not to mention Apple's iPhone. If anything, the BlackBerry name is a symbol of the Old World of Technology and most consumers aren't all that hip to buying a brand name from the Jurassic period of smartphones. If anyplace, the BlackBerry name may have some panache in the corporate world, but the New World of Technology has taught us that the consumer market sets the trends now. Without the consumer market, a mobile device like a smartphone has little chance of succeeding.
The bottom line is that whatever chatter you may hear about BlackBerry in the near future, don't put too much stock in any hopeful news you may hear. Unless and until BlackBerry shows itself a resurgent force in the smartphone market, you are simply setting yourself up for another Android flash in the pan, and will likely be stuck with a device that has a dubious future, including the possible lack of timely (if any) updates for security or feature improvements.
Poor Michael Vick. Their annoying hamstring injury has them on the Philadelphia Eagles bench, confined to watching Nick Foles run the offense. And now we find out that the dark cloud that began hovering over them years ago – the one that followed a prison term for their part in a dog-fighting ring - has barely budged.
It's been more than four years since Vick was released from federal prison, where they served 19 months for bankrolling the dog-fighting operation. He's performed well and avoided trouble ever since. Yet they are still stuck at or near the top of our various annual lists of disliked athletes. Once again, they top our list of Most-Disliked NFL Players, according to the latest surveys from E-Poll Market Research, a California-based firm whose E-Score measures public opinion of thousands of celebrities based on likeability, awareness, confidence and many other attributes. Pollsters have told us on a few occasions that while Vick scores well with hardcore NFL fans, casual fans still identify them mostly with the legal woes of a few years ago.
The list is based on an E-Score survey of 1,100 people age 13 and up. We counted only currently active NFL players whose awareness registered a minimum of 10% with the public. According to the numbers, 53% of respondents expressed dislike for Vick. They may not be sweating it too much, though. Vick has rolled up quite a few endorsements during their comeback, including a return engagement with Nike. Yes – at least football fans are OK with him.
Full List: The NFL's Most-Disliked Players Of 2013
Coming in a few points behind Vick: San Diego Chargers linebacker Manti Te'o, who scores a 48% dislike rating thanks to last year's bizarre “fake girlfriend” episode toward the end of their college career at Notre Dame. With a foot injury limiting their playing time as an NFL rookie, Te'o simply hasn't had the chance to turn attention away from the old drama.
“I think this will stay with them until they get the chance to prove them wrong,” says E-Poll Chief Executive Gerry Philpott.
Detroit Lions linemen Ndamukong Suh (43% dislike), known for their toughness and the occasional cheap shot, isn't far behind.
Then there's the most surprising name: New England quarterback Tom Brady. The three-time Super Bowl winner is blessed with looks, talent and a model wife, and makes about $7 million annually in endorsements, but they clock in with a 25% dislike score. Then again, maybe it's not so surprising. When you have everything, a lot of people can't identify. With Brady, E-Score numbers show that woman love the guy, but a lot of men see them an upper-crust pretty boy. “He's not the guy you think would come to your house and watch the Super Bowl with a couple of beers,” says Philpott.
Of course, some of those quarterbacks who recently made our Most Liked list – Drew Brees, Peyton Manning, Aaron Rodgers – probably wouldn't do that either. They just seem like the type who would. Perception is everything.
Full List: The NFL's Most-Disliked Players Of 2013
---
Follow me on Twitter
John Oliver took Confederate statues to task on their Sunday night show, which featured a cameo from fellow late-night comedian Stephen Colbert.
In a 20-minute segment on HBO's "Last Week Tonight", Oliver broke down the arguments surrounding the proposed removal of Confederate statues in the U.S., which was at the center of protests by white supremacist and Nazi groups and counterprotests in Charlottesville, Va., in August.
One woman was killed after a man drove a car into a crowd of counterprotestors. An ensuing political controversy erupted after President Trump spoke of how there were good people on both sides of the protests, and spoke in support of keeping the statues up as part of American history.
Oliver compared the situation to that of Jimmy Savile, a children's entertainer and philanthropist who was revered in the U.K. until after this death, when it was revealed that they had been a predatory sex offender.
After their past came to light, the U.K. removed Savile's headstone, as well as statues and street signs that honored him.
“Once we found out that they were a monster, we accepted that it was no longer appropriate to publicly glorify him.”
In reference to Savile, Oliver called the Confederacy “America's tracksuit sex offender.”
ADVERTISEMENT
“For many Confederate monuments … this isn't a close call,” Oliver said. “This is your babysitter showing up in a Jimmy Savile T-shirt.”
Oliver said towns and cities should remove Confederate statues and put them in museums.
“If we really want to learn from and honor our history, perhaps the first step might be to put most of these statues somewhere more appropriate,” Oliver said. “Somewhere surrounded by ample historical context, like in a museum, where people go to proactively learn about history.”
They pitched ideas for replacement statues of notable figures such as Bessie Coleman, the first African-American female pilot. They ended the segment by revealing a statue idea for Charleston, S.C.
“Why have a divisive Confederate statue when instead, that pedestal can be filled by your favorite son, the actual Stephen Colbert, who will stand up there all day telling you fun facts about your wonderful town?” Oliver said.
At that point, Colbert came out to end the show by listing facts about their hometown.
Colbert and Oliver both got their start in political comedy on "The Daily Show."
Reducing working hours for care workers reduces their sick leave, makes them feel healthier and improves the care they give to their patients – but comes with an appropriate price tag.
These are the preliminary findings of a two-year experiment with a six-hour working day in Gothenburg, Sweden, which came to an end this month.
In February 2015, nurses at the Svartedalens retirement home switched from an eight-hour to a six-hour working day for the same wage – the first controlled trial of shorter hours in Sweden in about a decade.
Efficiency up, turnover down: Sweden experiments with six-hour working day Read more
To ensure that patients at the home for the elderly were attended to for the same number of hours as before, 15 new employees were hired for the duration of the experiment, costing the centre about an additional €600,000 (£510,000) a year – a 22% increase in gross cost.
But preliminary results found the benefits of the trial were considerable. Reduced working hours led to a 10% drop in sick leave, meaning the employer had to spend less to hire cover. Compared with care home workers with normal working hours, the perceived health of the carers at Svartedalens improved by about 50%.
The employees started to spend more of their reduced working hours on what the analysts classified as “social activity” with patients, such as games or outdoor walks, which can be particularly valuable for patients with dementia.
At the time, Lise-Lotte Pettersson, a 41-year-old assistant nurse at Svartedalens, said: “I used to be exhausted all the time. I would come home from work and pass out on the sofa. But not now. I am much more alert; I have much more energy for my work, and also for family life.”
Daniel Bernmar, the leader of the Left party group on Gothenburg city council, which pushed for the trial at Svartedalens, denied reports that the experiment had ended in failure.
“It still remains to be seen whether the economic costs of reduced working hours outweigh the benefits. The costs of the trial for the public economy were actually half of what we thought they would be,” they told the Guardian. A final set of results is expected in March.
Bernmar said the project had always been scheduled to end in 2017, and there had never been a plan to make the arrangement permanent at the end of the trial. During the experiment, the city council decided to set aside 20m Swedish krona (£1.8m) for similar reduced working hour trials in other sectors of Gothenburg's public sector.
While historical data shows that the length of average working days has fallen in Sweden over the past century, there are no plans to establish six-hour working days at a national level.
The ideal length of a working day has also been the subject of debate in France, where the rightwing presidential candidate François Fillon has proposed a return to a legal working week of 39 hours in the public and private sectors, up from the 35-hour week that since 2000 has obliged employers to pay higher rates or give time off for extra hours.
Fillon said the 39-hour week would apply straight away in the public sector and that negotiated deals in the private sector can allow people to work up to an EU ceiling of 48 hours. They have suggested state workers be shifted to 39 hours, but paid for 37.
Neighbours of Foothills hospital in Calgary's Parkdale community have been dealing with "jet-engine"-like blasts roaring through the area this week.
Workers at the hospital have been working to ready the facility's power plant for winter.
The repeating "steam blows" started on Monday.
"It sounds like the helicopter is landing in my backyard, as opposed to landing on the roof of the hospital," said Wendy Sydoryk, whose home backs onto the facility.
Alex Bruton, who lives down the hill from the hospital likened the noise to aircraft in the neighbourhood as well.
"It's kind of like there's a jet engine up the road. It's a loud jet engine lilke buzzing sound," Bruton said.
The noise, which Alberta Health Services described as half-hour long blasts of high decibel sound, is part of necessary work.
The process is part of the hospital's upgrading of its power generation plant to make it more efficient and ensure a reliable source of steam through the upcoming winter.
"Steam is a critical component to the safe and efficient operation of core infrastructure including interior heating and instrument sterilization," AHS said in an emailed statement.
'It's pretty loud'
AHS said it made efforts to alert people in the area of the work before it began on Monday.
It circulated a memo through the community association saying blasts would occur between 8 a.m. and 10 p.m. all week.
The steam blows happen around 15 times per day, AHS said.
AHS said a silencer has been installed at the power plant to reduce the sound level as much as possible, but Sydoryk said it isn't helping much.
"It's only been during the day that I've had it around dinner time. But yeah, it's pretty loud, we cant hear anything in the house when it goes on," Sydoryk said.
AHS says it is mindful of neighbours' concerns — and the work is expected to be done by Oct. 25.
An incident between a driver and a cyclist in Central Saanich turned violent on Tuesday, resulting in approximately $5000 worth of damage to a car and a search for the perpetrator.
According to Steve Bengal, the driver who filmed part of the incident, the violence was relatively unprovoked.
Car Passing Cyclist Escalates Into Violence
“I was on Oldfield heading towards Keating Cross Rd, coming up on Sean Rd, (with) a cyclist on my right side,” they said. “It not being a bike-friendly road, I kind of held back, [then] took a little bit of room over the [centre] lane line to pass (the cyclist), and in that time they cut in front of me, right in front of my car. No signal, no shoulder check, no nothing.”
Bengal said they tooted their horn and yelled at the cyclist to hand signal, which caused the cyclist to yell back. But the interaction didn't end there.
“I sat at the intersection [of Oldfield and Keating Cross] and I see them cycling up and he's charging towards my car. I thought they were going to run into it,” said Bengal. “I grabbed my phone, hit record.”
The following interaction can be seen in the video, posted to Facebook by Bengal's sister, Chris Mutrie.
Previous Injuries Made for Muted Response
Bengal said their lack of argument with the cyclist in the video was because of injuries he'd sustained in a recent dirt-biking accident.
“I'm nursing broken ribs and a punctured lung so I didn't say anything like ‘What's wrong? What are you doing? What the frick is this about?'” said Bengal. “I just kept my mouth shut because I didn't want it directed towards me being that I wouldn't have been able to defend myself in any way.”
Following the interaction, Bengal said they called the police and the cyclist took off. Bengal said they tracked the unknown man down himself, resulting in their other mirror being kicked off. But by the time the police arrived, the man had gone again.
“If I've dished something out, I'm a big boy, I'll take my lumps. But this was absolutely uncalled for and that's the only reason why I've gone down this avenue with it, to find out who they are,” said Bengal.
“If I did do something wrong, that they think I did, then sure, yeah, I deserve a ticket. Explain your side. What did I do? That's what's annoying me. If I'm in the wrong, why am I only the one that's contacted the police?”
Central Saanich Police Statement:
“Our Police Service is actively investigating this incident,” said Cpl.Dan Cottingham. “The male in the video has not been located and has not yet been identified. We are looking to identify the male and have them speak with our investigators.”
Anyone with information on the incident or the identity of the male can contact Central Saanich non-emergency number at 250-652-4441 or Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-TIPS (8477)
Video:
Does anyone know him?!!! They just went syco on my brothers car.please share Posted by Chris Mutrie on Tuesday, September 12, 2017
Facebook Conversations
A new video takes armchair explorers on a flyover tour of Pluto's stunning and varied landscapes.
The new Pluto tour animation stitches together photos captured by NASA's New Horizons spacecraft during its historic flyby on July 14, which returned the first-ever up-close looks at the faraway dwarf planet.
During the close encounter, New Horizons discovered, among other things, 2-mile-high (3.2 kilometers) ice mountains, a vast plain of ice dubbed Sputnik Planum and a dark area called Cthulhu Regio. All those features are highlighted in the new video, which was created by Stuart Robbins, a research scientist at the Southwest Research Institute in Boulder, Colorado. [See more Pluto photos by New Horizons]
"I primarily use these images to map craters across the surfaces of Pluto and its largest moon, Charon, to understand the population of impactors from the Kuiper Belt striking Pluto and Charon," Robbins wrote in a blog post Friday (Sept. 18). (The Kuiper Belt is the ring of icy bodies, including Pluto, that lies beyond Neptune's orbit.)
"While this is my research focus, another interest of mine is figuring out how to make visualizations that convey some of the sheer beauty and power of the features New Horizons is revealing," Robbins added. "With that in mind, I've created a new animation/flyover of Pluto using images returned this month by New Horizons."
The video tour features resolutions ranging from 1,300 feet (400 meters) per pixel to 1.3 miles (2.1 km) per pixel.
View of Pluto captured by NASA's New Horizons spacecraft on July 14, 2015. (Image: © NASA/JHUAPL/SwRI)
The animation takes viewers as close to Pluto's surface as 120 miles (200 km) and zooms out to an altitude of more than 1,500 miles (2,500 km), Robbins wrote. This apparent proximity is provided by New Horizons' telescopic camera, for the probe itself did not actually get so close; New Horizons zoomed past the dwarf planet at a minimum distance of 7,800 miles (12,550 km) on July 14.
Earlier this month, New Horizons began beaming home the vast majority of the images and data collected during the close encounter. Mission team members said they expect this relay work will take about a year to complete. So space enthusiasts can look forward to seeing many more great new images, and videos, of Pluto in the future.
"The concept of this animation arose from a desire to showcase the most recent imagery received from the spacecraft and the huge variety of terrain types that we see on Pluto," Robbins wrote. "I can hardly wait until we get even better imagery — up to seven times better pixel scale — that's still to come of select areas of the surface and to see what new surprises Pluto has in store."
Follow Mike Wall on Twitter @michaeldwall and Google+. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook or Google+. Originally published on Space.com.
Jonathan Weiner
Ford Amp, old Gary, whatever you call it (it's actually the MidFlorida Credit Union Amphitheatre, people!), our friends at Cigar City Radio were there last Thursday as Southern California post-hardcore Thrice prepped for a support set on a national tour with Deftones and Rise Against.
The Cigar City boys — Randy Ojeda and Jason Solanes — caught up with drummer Riley Breckenridge, who was kind enough to talk about the band's 20-year history, devoted fans and new music. They even discussed (without really discussing) a redress of Thrice's Alchemy Index.
"We do [have plans]. We will be announcing something of that sort," Breckenridge said with hestitation. "We can't say when."
Breckenridge even talked about their days in the corporate world (selling suits sucks), plus baseball podcasts and grindcore bands (Productive Outs, Puid Destroyer).
Listen to the episode below, and get caught up on what you've been missing here.
The Chicago Cubs traded first baseman Derrek Lee to the Atlanta Braves for three pitching prospects, the team announced Wednesday.
"It just felt right," Lee said. "The main thing is we have six weeks left and Atlanta is in first place, and they're playing great baseball.
"I understand what [Cubs general manager Jim Hendry] is trying to do over here."
Lee, who is presently dealing with a bulging disk on their lower left side, received an epidural Monday to relieve the pain and will not be ready to play again until Thursday.
Their first game with Atlanta may be back in Wrigley Field this weekend as the Braves open a series with the Cubs on Friday.
"I had a great time here," Lee said. "I grew as a player, grew as a person, but I didn't achieve the ultimate goal [of winning the World Series], so that part is disappointing. The rest of my experience was nothing but positive."
Braves scout Jim Fregosi watched Lee hit four home runs during a series in St. Louis last weekend. Fregosi reported back to general manager Frank Wren that Lee was swinging the bat as well as they have all season, according to a source.
The Braves sent three pitchers to the Cubs, right-handers Robinson Lopez, 19, and Tyrelle Harris, 23, and lefty Jeffrey Lorick, 22. Lopez and Lorick were both playing at Class A Rome, while Harris has pitched at three levels this season, most recently for Double-A Mississippi.
Atlanta also received cash considerations in the deal. That's probably to cover some of the nearly $3.3 million that Lee is still owed this season.
Atlanta lost All-Star third baseman Chipper Jones for the season with a torn ACL on Aug. 10. First baseman Troy Glaus, a former third baseman, could play some third with Lee's acquisition.
"It doesn't get any better," Jones said. "Outstanding character guy. Outstanding player. Defensively at first base, he's top-notch. And they give us another right-handed presence in the middle of our lineup."
General manager Frank Wren wants Glaus to rest their legs for a week, then head to Triple-A Gwinnett to get in some work at their former position, third base.
Lee has not had their best season; their .251 batting average entering Wednesday's game is well below their .282 career average and the .306 they hit last season.  They are in the final year of a five-year, $65 million deal with the Cubs.
"He's had a tremendous career here, except for the year [2006] with their wrist injury," Hendry said about Lee. "He's performed like an All-Star player, and an All-Star teammate, and an All-Star to deal with from the front-office side.
"It's unfortunate we got ourselves in the spot we're in now. The overall situation we're in makes us all somewhere between miserable and sad every day."
Because he's been in the majors 10 years and five with the same team, Lee could have refused any trade. They recently rejected a deal to the Los Angeles Angels.
"The Angels were close, but it wasn't right then," Lee said. "This time seemed like it would work."
Lee said Hendry approached them with the trade on Sunday, and they accepted on Monday.
Braves All-Star second baseman Martin Prado came off the disabled list Tuesday and moved over to third to fill in for Jones. By acquiring Lee, the Braves have expanded their roster options as they try to hold off the two-time defending NL champion Philadelphia Phillies.
The 34-year-old Glaus has put up solid numbers (.239, 16 homers, 70 RBIs), but the Braves said their body is worn down from the grind of the season -- especially since they missed most of last season recovering from shoulder surgery. They got off to a slow start, then hit .330 with six homers and 28 RBIs in May to earn NL player of the month honors.
They apparently jammed their legs in a victory over the Dodgers on Monday night, speeding up the need to acquire additional offensive help.
"His legs just didn't hold up," Wren said, though they were quick to praise Glaus' contribution. "Quite frankly, we're not in position to make a trade like this without Troy Glaus. They carried us."
Limping to the finish of another disappointing season, the fifth-place Cubs had little to lose by dealing Lee. They already had traded pitcher Ted Lilly and infielder Ryan Theriot to the Dodgers, and sent infielder Mike Fontenot to San Francisco.
Bruce Levine covers baseball for ESPNChicago.com and ESPN 1000. Information from ESPN.com senior baseball writer Jerry Crasnick and The Associated Press contributed to this report.
After a series of strong earnings reports, including a second quarter that exceeded analyst expectations, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock is trading near its all-time high. Apple is far and away the largest company in the world, and the biggest component of the S&P 500.
While there are plenty of reasons to believe Apple could be headed even higher, its possible that the iPhone maker may have hit its peak. Below are three scenarios that, should they come to pass, would be likely to harm Apple shareholders.
Apple's growth could slow
Apple's first- and second-quarter earnings reports of this fiscal year were the largest in the company's history, due almost entirely to extraordinary iPhone sales. In total, Apple sold 135.7 million iPhones from the beginning of last October through the end of March. That's a massive number, and it may be difficult to top.
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus were arguably the most significant upgrades in the product's history, finally giving iPhone owners something they had wanted for years: a larger screen. The iPhone 6 may have pulled forward some demand that otherwise would've taken place in 2015 or 2016. And while Apple will certainly be able to improve on the iPhone -- perhaps adding additional features like Force Touch or wireless charging -- it may be unable to spark another massive upgrade cycle.
Apple could still generate billions this year, and for many years hence, but if its growth slows or even reverses, its multiple could contract, and shares could trade lower.
The Apple Watch could flop
At this point, Apple is largely a one-product business. The iPhone generates roughly 70% of its revenue (even more if one includes indirect, but highly derivative, revenue sources like app store sales). The Mac business has been reliable but not growing, and the iPad's recent performance has been quite disappointing, especially given the once lofty expectations many had for Apple's tablet.
So far, that hasn't really mattered as the iPhone is an incredible product with great margins and loyal customers. So long as that's the case, Apple can continue to generate billions and return capital to shareholders. But many investors want more: They expect Apple to unveil entirely new, successful products in different categories.
Apple's most recent product, the Apple Watch, could become Apple's next megahit. At least for now, its total addressable market is limited to the number of iPhones in use, but if it manages to sell millions and generate strong growth, investors will be confident in Apple's continuing ability to innovate and develop new products.
But what if Apple Watch fails? Unfortunately, it will be difficult to discern the relative success (or failure) of the Apple Watch, because Apple has already said it doesn't plan to release specific figures. But if demand cools, if surveys show relatively low levels of penetration and consumer interest, if sales become common and Apple Watch sightings become rare, investors may begin to doubt Apple's ability to innovate. That doubt could take a toll on Apple's stock.
The iPhone business could struggle
With so much of its revenue coming from one product, Apple's financial performance -- and its shares -- would likely take a significant hit if its iPhone business began to unravel.
The iPhone is arguably the best product in its class, with a number of significant advantages over the competition, including more and better apps, build quality, customer support, a tight-knit ecosystem that encourages customers to stay, and strong carrier relationships. These advantages will be difficult for Apple's competition to overcome, but they are not insurmountable. Samsung's latest smartphone, the Galaxy S6, received rave reviews and includes an optional feature Apple can't match: a curved screen. Other Android OEMs, such as Xiaomi, are showing both rapid growth and promise in emerging markets. Radical new experiments, like Project Ara, could eventually undermine the current smartphone business model that Apple's business remains dependent on.
Just a decade ago, the handset business was dominated by a number of entrenched, seemingly invulnerable firms: Nokia, BlackBerry and Motorola. Apple's iPhone slowly overtook, then eventually destroyed, their businesses almost entirely. It may be unlikely, but Apple remains vulnerable to disruptive competition.
Apparently Paul Cook was back down in Pompey on Thursday to clear their desk at the Blues' training ground.
A good job, too, bearing in mind the promptness of their replacement being found.
Within the space of 24 hours, Kenny Jackett was unveiled as their successor in the very room the Liverpudlian used to hold court.
It was also just two days after Cook had upped sticks and departed for Wigan.
A decision that still disappoints people in the corridors of power at Fratton Park.
But in a business with no room for sentiment, Pompey knew they had to move on quickly – and what a job they've done under the circumstances.
The unveiling of Jackett represents a major coup for the club.
A highly-regarded figure in the game, they were sure to have other admiring clubs not shy in showing their affection.
And with two promotions and one league title on their CV, its understandable why the Blues were swift their make their move.
There was always the need for chief executive Mark Catlin to act with pace following Cook's exit.
The demand to keep up with what their newly-acquired League One rivals in the recruitment front made sure of that.
But just as important was the necessity of securing their No1 target under the noses of those undecideds still weighing up their options.
Credit goes to Catlin & Co for acting on their instincts and bringing in a man who will bring so much to Fratton Park.
Already the CEO's been inundated with messages and calls from respected figures in the game congratulating them on their choice.
And it's understandable why having shared a room with former Millwall and Wolves manager Jackett at the Blues' Roko base.
The 55-year-old was automatically at ease in their new surroundings and answered every question put to them with consideration, poise and a degree of automatic authority.
You couldn't help be impressed with their calm exterior and the due diligence they have already acquired about the club, the current squad of players, the academy and path forward under new American owners.
Understandable fears about Pompey playing catch-up going into a busy summer were also put at ease, with the new man at the helm giving assurances to quell any gitters.
What unfolds over the coming weeks will be interesting with Jackett in the PO4 hot seat.
He'll most certainly maintain the pace set by Catlin's enthusiastic example as they sought to move on from the Cook saga.
And you can guarantee he's already looking at ways of stamping their influence on the club as the ink drys on their two-year deal.
But you sense there'll be a calmness and measured approach to those processes, and one that suggests Pompey is in very good hands.
Introduction to Ranked Choice Voting
(Based on an information from FairVote January 2017)
Ranked choice voting (RCV), sometimes known as Instant Runoff Voting, is a proven, constitutionally sound system that gives voters the freedom to rank candidates in order of choice. RCV is used in cities across the United States, and Maine adopted RCV for statewide elections in 2016. Voters in these jurisdictions can get majority winners in one election, not two. It encourages winner to reach out to more voters and not win just by winning a minority of the vote.
How Does Ranked Choice Voting Work?
Better Elections
RCV improves the relationship between candidates and votes.
Promotes Fairness. Results are grounded in majority rule. This means the winner is more representative.
Fosters Civility. RCV encourages civil elections. Candidates have more incentives to debate the issues.
No Spoiler Effect. Voting for a candidate in third place or lower doesn't “split the vote” for the majority.
Ranked choice voting ensures that elected leaders in special elections will be more likely to represent the interests of Hawaii voters.
How Ranked Choice Voting Could Work in Special Elections in Hawaii
Currently, special elections for U.S. House elections in Hawaii are conducted in one round, without a primary. The winner is the candidate who wins the most votes, even if that vote total is far less than half of the votes. That means a candidate can win election to federal office with less than 40% of the vote.
Using ranked choice voting in special elections for the U.S. House would start when that election is not consolidated with a regularly scheduled primary or general. With ranked choice voting, voters would rank the candidates in order of choice, from first to last. If a candidate has a majority of first choices, they win like in any election. If not, then the candidate with the fewest votes is defeated. Votes for the defeated candidate instantly count for their second choice. That repeats until a candidate wins with a majority. Until Hawaii has precinct-level voting equipment ready to get an “instant runoff” result (as done in Bay Area cities), ranked choice voting would be used in tandem with vote-by-mail elections.
The first modern use* of the word pronoia I can trace occurred during the psychedelic 1960s and 1970s - following a charismatic smile from John Perry Barlow . The EFF co-founder, Grateful Dead lyricist, and grizzled veteran of both Millbrook and Haight-Ashbury defined pronoia as:
the suspicion the Universe is a conspiracy
on your behalf. The word was revived in the public mediasphere in early Spring 1994, when several members of a British and European bohemian subculture loosely known as zippies empathized with the pronoia concept and took it as a banner. It was agreed among these veteran ravers and festival-crusties that the American cyberhippy Barlow's interpretation of a "universal origin" of pronoia was definitely an element of the vibe they were experiencing there in the early 1990s.
As an exercise in memetics, the zippies declared with joy that on the terrestrial level, pronoia should be defined as the opposite of paranoia:
the sneaking suspicion others are conspiring to help you
(and you them!)
The pronoia meme was kick-started by the American magazine Wired when the influential 90's cyberculture journal featured UK zippy culture as it's May 1994 cover feature, plastering the zippies' definition of pronoia across several pages of its opening theme. Pronoia was also the perfect conceptual theme for a group of zippies preparing for a summer as ambassadors on a Zippy Pronoia Tour. The troupe caravaned across the ocean to North America, sharing the pronoia idea, celebrating genuine organic culture with Americans in a festival tour of communities from New York to California. Time passed. Then, at the turn of the millennium, astrologer and poet Rob Brezsny wrote a wonderful, topical pronoia poem entitled Painful Blessings, which deserves to read all the way through! A final thought on Pronoia: while symptoms of Pronoia include sudden attacks of optimism and outbreaks of goodwill, the revived meme also included a caution. Pronoia, like paranoia, can cause dangerous irrationality if taken in massive doses... grounding and skill at surfing are key to making the most of an onslought of pronoia.
When Texans head coach Bill O'Brien elected to name Brian Hoyer as their team's starting quarterback, they did so with a caveat.
“If things aren't going well, look, we're not on a short leash,” O'Brien said to both Hoyer and backup Ryan Mallett when alerting them of their decision on HBO”s Hard Knocks. “But, we're not gonna like, sit there, and let it go like eight games of not being very good.”
Then they delivered a message to Mallett, their newly demoted signal caller.
“You need to be really, ready to go.”
During the Texans 27-20 loss to the Kansas City Chiefs Sunday at NRG Stadium, Hoyer's leash was gone before the game even ended. The Texans coach explained why they lifted Hoyer in favor of Mallett.
“I felt like it was the best decision for the team.”
Mallett took the reins of the Texans offense with 6:10 left in the game, trailing 27-9. They completed 4-of-5 passes for 42 yards on the Texans' 6-play, 59-yard scoring drive, capped by De'Andre Hopkins' second touchdown catch of the day, and drove the team 48-yards in 10-plays on the team's next drive resulting in a Randy Bullock field goal.
“At the end there, we started moving it, but it was way too late,” O'Brien said.
Mallett finished 8-of-13 for 98 yards and a touchdown leading as many scoring in two possessions as Hoyer did in 12, but when asked who is starting quarterback would be next week in Carolina, O'Brien didn't have an answer.
“I don't know, Brian,” O'Brien snapped at Chronicle columnist Brian T. Smith. “I just walked in here. I just got in off the field. No idea. We'll review the film and we'll find out once we head into next week.”
In their Texans debut, Hoyer completed just over half of their 34 attempts (18) for 236 yards and a touchdown, but committed two turnovers inside the Texans 20-yard line, helping Kansas City score 14 points, but when asked if their opinion of their two quarterback's had changed after Sunday's loss, O'Brien wouldn't say, repeating an earlier line.
“I don't know yet.”
“I'll go in there and watch the tape and make an honest evaluation and make a decision one way or the other going into the Carolina game.
By 2030, there will 72 million seniors in U.S.
As the U.S. population ages, the increasing prevalence of chronic disease and complex medical conditions could have a negative effect on the future health care system, according to the findings published in the November issue of the medical journal Health Affairs.
The researchers, led by Timothy M. Dall, the managing director for health care at Washington, D.C. consulting firm IHS Inc., projected future prevalence of selected diseases and health risk factors to model future demand for health care services.
“Based on changing demographic characteristics and expanded medical coverage under the Affordable Care Act, we project that the demand for adult primary care services will grow by approximately 14 percent between 2013 and 2025,” the study reads. Vascular surgery has the highest projected demand growth at 31 percent. Cardiology follows at 20 percent. The demand for neurological surgery, radiology and general surgery is projected to grow 18 percent.
The researchers cautioned that market indicators like long wait times to obtain appointments suggest that the current supply of medical specialists is inadequate to meet demand.
“Failure to train sufficient numbers and the correct mix of specialists could exacerbate already long wait times for appointments, reduce access to care for some of the nation's most vulnerable patients, and reduce patients' quality of life,” according to the study. Researchers conclude that there must be a specialized health care workforce by 2025 to meet demand.
In a recent interview with Newshour, Dall spoke about what the U.S. health care system may look like for seniors in 2025. “Right now, there is a lot of emphasis placed on training primary care physicians, which is a good thing. But there's less emphasis on training specialists,” they said. “If we don't train enough specialists, the wait times will increase and people will not receive care from health professionals who are trained to provide that specialized care.”
As advances in medical technologies help seniors live longer than ever, the Department of Health and Human Services projects that by 2030, there will be about 72 million Americans 65 and older- more than twice their number in 2000. Americans 65 and older will likely represent about 20 percent of the total U.S. population in less than 20 years.
MIAMI – Erik Spoelstra has a vision of their ultra-competitive point guard from the Heat's last road trip out West.
Spoelstra recalls seeing 30-year-old Goran Dragic sitting by their locker following a close win at Utah with both feet in a bucket of ice and ice applied to both knees, their elbow and their shoulder.
“I call it the vision of a warrior,” Spoelstra said. “He was just a body of ice. They gave everything to that game, with no guarantees. We won by one and you give yourself to competition – your heart and soul – and that's what Goran does. They put it all out there.”
Goran Dragic is getting better with age, at least when it comes to their time with the Miami Heat. Not only are Dragic's numbers up across the board in their second full season in Miami, but the last 11 games they have been Miami's best player on the floor along with being its leader.
Dragic is averaging 21.8 points, 4.4 rebounds and 7.8 assists in the last 11 games, or since returning from a two-game absence because of a strained left elbow.  They are shooting .474 from the floor and .860 percent from the line.
In their first 11 games they averaged 15.3 points, 3.7 rebounds and 5.6 points while shooting .418 from the floor and .762 from the line.
Included in this recent stretch is their Heat high of 34 points Monday in a victory over Washington. They had 21 points and 11 assists in Friday's loss to the Clippers.
“We tried to go small, we tried to go big and we switched a lot and they were just in attack mode and they were making jump shots,” Wizards coach Scott Brooks said.
Dragic has taken over as Miami's (9-18) scoring leader with 18.5 points per game, recently passing Hassan Whiteside. They also enter tonight's 6 p.m. home game against Boston (14-12) leading the Heat with 6.7 assists.
They join John Wall, LeBron James and Kyle Lowry as the only players averaging at least 18 points, 6.5 assists and shooting 45 percent.
“Right now I'm aggressive,” Dragic said. “I feel like I'm at the best of my game, passing, scoring. … just try to get the best available shot at that time.”
Dragic is an attacking point guard who would nicely fit into Dwyane Wade's “fall down 7 times get up 8” commercial from back in the day. But at 6-foot-3, 190 pounds, they do not fit that mold.
“Goran is one of the most unique players I've been around,” Spoelstra said. “For somebody who's not the most physically imposing player, they are extremely aggressive and physical.
“He finds a way to live in the paint and the way he's shooting the ball now with confidence, it makes it tough.”
[Clippers coach Doc Rivers on Whiteside-Jordan matchup: ‘This wasn't Ali-Frazier']
[Erik Spoelstra remembers getting to know Craig Sager than young NBA scout]
In this day and age of players looking to take mini-vacations during the season, Dragic credits their improved play to taking off less time.
Dragic played much of the summer with their Slovenia national team preparing for and playing in the FIBA EuroBasket 2017 Qualifiers. Slovenia finished 6-0 in the tournament and Dragic led in scoring and assists. They arrived in South Florida about a week before training camp started.
“It kind of prepared myself for this season,” Dragic said. “Last year was the first time that I didn't play for my national team and I kind of missed it. It's hard to prepare yourself when you're alone.”
Dragic said playing for the national team most summers keeps them sharp.
As the Heat enter this rebuilding phase in the post Wade-Chris Bosh era, Dragic was widely believed to be major trade piece as the Heat attempt to clear cap space.
And although that possibility remains, the question must be asked if an upgrade at that spot is possible. The draft is loaded with young point guards, but players like UCLA's Lonzo Ball, Washington's Markelle Futz and NC State's Dennis Smith are mostly projected as top 5 picks and may all be off the board by the time the Heat draft.
And unless the Heat can convince a Stephen Curry or Chris Paul or Kyle Lowry to jump teams, Dragic may be the best option. And with salaries rising dramatically – $36 million to start for players with at least 10 years of experience – Dragic could be a bargain next season at $17 million.
“Goran's such a good teammate,” Spoelstra said. “He wants everybody to feel comfortable and so we were trying to develop roles while at the same time keeping Goran a focal point.
“Now with some guys out, it's a little bit more definitive and established that they have to make a lot of plays for us.”
[Want more Heat news sent directly to your Facebook feed? Make sure to like our Heat Facebook page]
Donald Trump Jr. Donald (Don) John TrumpTrump Jr.: You'll be shot in 'about two seconds' wearing a MAGA hat in downtown Chicago Omarosa: There's a ‘big red line' for Trump in Cohen's testimony Another New York condo votes to remove 'Trump' from name MORE, the president's eldest son, has reportedly hired a lawyer to represent them as the Justice Department's special counsel conducts its probe into Russia's election meddling and potential ties between Trump campaign staff and the Kremlin.
Reuters reported on Monday that Trump Jr. has hired Alan Futerfas as their attorney.
The hiring comes after two reports emerged from The New York Times over the weekend about Trump Jr.'s meeting with a Russian lawyer after they had been promised harmful information on then-Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE.
ADVERTISEMENT
According to the newspaper, Trump Jr. arranged a meeting with Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya several weeks after their father secured the Republican presidential nomination.
While the reports in the Times described Veselnitskaya as having ties with the Kremlin, a spokesperson for Russian President Vladimir Putin on Monday said the Kremlin does not know the lawyer.
Trump Jr. said in a statement to the Times on Sunday that they had met with Veselnitskaya at the request of an acquaintance, but denied that they received any information on Clinton.
Trump Jr. said Monday that they would be “happy” to speak to the Senate Intelligence Committee about the meeting.
“Happy to work with the committee to pass on what I know,” Trump Jr. tweeted Monday.
by Brett Stevens on July 26, 2016
The Black Pill terrifies us all: an admission that there is no innate purpose to the universe, that communication is at best a game of mutual guesswork, and that values are not universal.
It seems like a gateway to the kingdom of darkness from which no beauty, truth or goodness can emerge.
And yet, as will be demonstrated, it is the only way to get to those states, because everything else is human and therefore biased toward the tendency of humans, which is to revert to our simian state of desire, judgment and feelings taking precedence over reality. Some call it hubris, others simply individualism.
The Black Pill represents hard truths that cannot be reduced to simpler ideas that are more pleasant, or deflected into distracting tangents or scapegoats which make us feel better. The Black Pill is a hard confrontation with the emptiness of life and mortality, and people fear it.
Let us distill The Black Pill to its simplest idea: hard realism, based on what we can know rather than what we can opine. The Black Pill as a radical honesty, extremist realism and hard emphasis on the non-human conditions of existence does not negate any beliefs, only speaks to what we can know without doubt.
This is not limited to material reality, but it explicitly rejects human notions which are first presented as desirable, and later justified or explained in terms of selectively-chosen elements of reality. The core of the Black Pill is that the human observes first, and then finds a theory to fit all of the data, not the other way around as most people do.
Without this type of mentality clarity and self-discipline, all of human thinking becomes projection or an extension of the personality imagined as being part of the world. This especially happens in groups when people agree that something should be true, and therefore is true, or at least will seem to be true if they all insist on it.
What follows are some Black Pill truths. Warning: this will most likely offend you and may induce crippling existential doubt.
Morality. The herd morality is that you should never hurt anyone. The actual morality of life involves the results of what they were doing. If they were doing bad, hurting them is a good; if they were doing good, hurting them is a bad. It is all about results, and not about methods. You can see the fallacy of method-based reasoning when you contemplate someone trying to hurt your family. Would you harm them any way you could? Yes, but even more, you would act so that your family came to no harm, and the consequences to someone doing something stupid, destructive, pointless, degenerate, or criminal are of no concern to you. In fact, you might desire to destroy the people threatening your family so completely that the threat is forever terminated. The herd views this as bad because all of them are projecting themselves into the position of the person harmed, because that allows them to feel self-pity and therefore excuse their own venal and idiotic deeds through some philosophy of being victims of their world. “Sodomize the weak” is a better morality than “protect the weak” because with the latter, the evil quickly learn to disguise themselves as the weak.
Equality. The root of equality is the idea that “I want/see/recognize” is the beginning of an argument in favor of some action. The Black Pill says that it is not: the individual is usually mediocre and even if not, usually wrong, and inevitably driven by impulse and not reasoned action. There is no justification for an action or idea to be found in individual approval, nor in group approval; actions are only worthwhile if they will achieve results that are good, and “good” is both obvious and recorded by history. This does away with the questions of morons which float around “validity” and “who decides?” — unless one is a fool, the best people decide, and there is no validity, only accuracy. People tend toward evil. The best can be redirected with self-discipline but the rest need to be oppressed because their desires are destructive and oppressive toward all good things. More shocking to a herdsman is that people are born with not just their abilities, but their moral inclinations, and these do not change. Some are born bad, and some good. Within the good, a hierarchy exists as in nature of those who are best all the way down to those who are merely OK.
Radical evil. The Christian idea of “original sin” shocks people when first encountered. We are all sinners, and bad, and probably stupid and retarded? Emphatically, yes. The human mind prefers what is easy to grasp and rejects anything it cannot understand (the Dunning-Kruger effect). It is not lazy so much as biased toward stability; the human mind alternates between states of order and disorder, and when it can impose order by simplifying its representation of reality, it does so. The problem arising from this situation is that this creates an animal mind which is bigoted in favor of illusion. That in turn means that most of what people do, and think is right, is in fact wrong because they have based their idea of “right” in what is mentally convenient for them. For this reason, people need to deliberately turn away from evil and toward good through self-discipline in order to achieve good at all, and very few will do this. Instead, most wallow in what some call “radical evil”: everyday behaviors and events that are the opposite of good, but are considered good by most people because they have failed to investigate what actual good is. And what is good, asks the crowd? (They always think they are profound for asking non-questions). The obvious: survival, of us and our environment. Increase in or maintenance of quality. Focus on truth, goodness, honor and competence. All the things normal people fear because they have not polarized themselves toward achieving them.
Civilization. Your standard Republican idiot clings to a fiction whereby they can observe civilization around them failing, issue some pithy statement about going back to God or traditional value, and then go home and work hard and go to church and somehow come out OK despite their civilization failing around him. This is nonsense and stupidity. Our fortunes are determined by civilization unless we live alone where no one else can reach us, produce all of our own tools and goods, and have no children who need future spouses. No one lives like that because no one has ever lived like that. Human evolution resulted from simians herding together and developing skills. Early humans existed in wandering tribes. With fixed agriculture, we could build a broader base of tools and thus knowledge and from that came what most of us think of as “civilization,” with towns, cities, institutions and hierarchy. The eternal human fiction is that all we need are ourselves and a few of our favorite shops, i.e. “anarchy with grocery stores,” because that way nothing opposes us fulfilling our whims (calls for collective non-oversight like anarchy begin in the desire of the individual to escape judgment and notice). If you do not defend civilization, you will be ruled by non-civilization, even if in the guise of civilization as we currently have. The “individualistic fallacy” — that it is enough to simply act in immediate self-interest through hard work, religion and traditional values — kills societies because all the potentially good people marginalize themselves while the neurotics take over the public sphere and then educate the next generation in their propaganda.
Machiavelli. All things act in self-interest. This includes groups, individuals, genes and ideas. If you give them an inch, they will take a mile; this is the result of self-interest, but also explains how one arrives at a “tragedy of the commons” where individuals acting in self-interest over-exploit a resource, as happens with over-fishing and overpopulation. Machiavelli and others suggest we recognize the literality of self-interest, namely that it cannot be disclaimed by language, symbol and virtuous act, but is innate and unchanging in all things. This means that if you have a country, every other country on earth is acting against your interests, even if — especially if — they are your allies. Their goal is to put themselves first. In the same way, other people behave in self-interest and will always prioritize their needs before yours. There is wisdom in self-interest in that it never fails, and it is not ambiguous, unlike altruism which introduces a cloud of ambiguity, doubt, guilt, uncertainty and confusion. In a Machiavellian view, one must view others as destructive unless they are specifically incorporated in an agenda which marries their self-interest to group-interest; generally, only biological kinship does this, at the levels of race, ethnicity and class.
God. Despite what most people think, the Black Pill does not reject God and in fact is mute on the issue. We have no physical evidence because there cannot be physical evidence for the metaphysical, and asking for it is silly. Some concepts are also silly, like dualism where two worlds with different rules in each exist. We can reject that which is logically ill-constructed, but we are never going to have certainty of God's existence or absence in this world, and claiming otherwise in either extreme is illogical and corrupts the thinking process. Most who oppose the Black Pill do so because it rejects their idea of God, which is as innate to existence to the degree that all must recognize him, or be seen as evil. This is a mistake because it reduces faith to conformity and obedience. It makes more sense to say that God is a choice that can only occur when the subject matter is understood, and that by using logical conjecture, some credible arguments can be made for their existence. Note that the same cannot be done for their non-existence, as there is no boundedness to the universe that allows us to claim it excludes certain potentials. Under the Black Pill, those who seek God have made a choice and have done so as a reflection of not just their inner needs, but their inner qualities. Under the Black Pill, no decision is innate or necessary, but all decisions reflect back on us and our place in the hierarchy of intelligence, ability and moral character. That scares people more than the (potential) presence of Hell.
As you can see, in a Black Pill view most of what humans consider to be sacred is based in the illusion created by humans to justify their desires, and what replaces it is a simpler, clearer and less “human” view of the world. This inhumanity allows humans to escape the animal confines of their own impulses, and demystifies the world but also reveals its mystery.
Until a civilization has people who can accept Black Pill reality in its leadership, it is doomed to regress to third world levels. Civilization can only occur where hard-core literalist realism is present. We need people who will open every door, unafraid of what they might find, because they are hard-minded to find excellence and beauty in life despite whatever they find.
To dodge the Black Pill is to permanently corrupt your own thinking. If you reject realism, you become an agent for the idea that human preferences and notions are more important than reality. This in turn makes you into a zombie who is addicted to the pathology that re-affirms that illusion, so you seek out other justifications and those who believe them, forming the basis for a Crowd.
Our civilization thrived when it was able to accept both the Black Pill and a huge degree of mystery. Do the gods exist? — It seems so. No one knows. No one will ever know. What is right? — there is no definitive answer, only good answers, but only good people can understand them. Mystery dominates.
With entry to the realm of the Black Pill through what I call radical realism or nihilism, one can confront reality in a condition as close to accurate as human beings can do. This enforces self-discipline on the individual, which brings the “inner world” of creativity, morality, honor and desire for excellence to the front of the mind.
Without a Black Pill approach, people live through filters imposed by their ideological need to validate a human perspective as more important than reality itself. This in turn causes their mental process to reverse, so that they are ascertaining truth through justifying what they already believe instead of perceiving what is before them.
In that distinction, we can see how societies fail. Those that accept the Black Pill — and the utter mystery of life — are able to think clearly and act in a forward motion. The others blunt themselves to reality, and instead become “Progressive” or increasing hell-bent on replacing reality with human notions, and shortly afterwards decline.
Tags: civilization design, ethics, morality, nihilism, realism, the black pill, the red pill
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Lisa Bloom, the attorney for a former Fox News guest holding a press conference Monday, ripped the network's handling of sexual harassment lawsuits against top-rated primetime host Bill O'Reilly and called for an independent investigation.
“How many women have to come forward?” Bloom, who has also served as an NBC News legal analyst, asked Sunday on CNN's “Reliable Sources.” “How many millions of dollars have to get paid before Fox News takes sexual harassment seriously?”
“In my opinion, this network is the Bill Cosby of corporate America,” they continued, in reference to the dozens of women who have accused the famous comedian of sexual assault. “Women over and over again are driven out.”
Bloom's comments followed a bombshell New York Times investigation published Saturday that revealed payments of about $13 million to five women accusing the primetime star of sexual harassment, inappropriate behavior, or verbal abuse. One of the five suits, involving former producer Andrea Mackris, made headlines in 2004. Another suit, involving Fox News employee Juliet Huddy was only reported in January. The other three had not been previously reported.
A sixth woman, Dr. Wendy Walsh, told the Times that they rebuffed O'Reilly's advances and they later didn't follow through on an offer to make them a network contributor. In a release, Bloom said Walsh will speak out at a press conference Monday in Los Angeles and they “will reveal their new demands to the network.”
Drew Angerer via Getty Images Former Fox News chairperson Roger Ailes as they left the network following a sexual harassment scandal.
The revelations about O'Reilly only shed more light on the toxic culture inside Fox News.
Fox News chairperson Roger Ailes, who built the network with Rupert Murdoch in 1996 and ran it for two decades, resigned in July following a sexual harassment lawsuit from former Fox & Friends co-host Gretchen Carlson and amid widespread allegations from women inside the network, including former primetime host Megyn Kelly and many others throughout the executive's five decades in media and politics. Former Fox News host Andrea Tantaros is also suing Ailes and top executives at Fox News, which they compared to a “Playboy Mansion-Like Cult.”
Federal investigators are currently looking into whether parent company 21st Century Fox didn't properly notify investors about payments to Ailes's accusers and other business practices.
While Fox News recently posted its highest quarterly ratings ever, and enjoys the best access to President Donald Trump, the post-Ailes network continues to be embroiled in scandals related to allegations of employee mistreatment.
Last month, 21st Century Fox reached a settlement with former Fox News contributor Tamara Holder after they accused former network Fox executive Francisco Cortes of sexual assault. And last week, two black employees, Tichaona Brown and Tabrese Wright, filed a racial discrimination suit against longtime comptroller Judith Slater, Fox News, and 21st Century Fox. The network had fired Slater just days earlier for what it dubbed “abhorrent behavior.”
Drew Angerer via Getty Images Bill O'Reilly advertisement at Fox News headquarters.
O'Reilly, however, has remained seemingly untouchable at Fox News despite the headline-grabbing allegations of sexual harassment over a decade ago and the latest revelations. That's presumably because “The O'Reilly Factor” draws nearly 4 million viewers nightly, the most in cable news, and their show brought in more than $446 million in advertising revenue from 2014 to 2016, according to the Times.
“Just like other prominent and controversial people, I'm vulnerable to lawsuits from individuals who want me to pay them to avoid negative publicity,” O'Reilly said in a statement on their website. “In my more than 20 years at Fox News Channel, no one has ever filed a complaint about me with the Human Resources Department, even on the anonymous hotline.”
In a statement to HuffPost, 21st Century Fox ― the Murdoch-family owned parent company of Fox News ― noted that no current or former network employee used the company's hotline “to raise a concern about Bill O'Reilly, even anonymously.” The company said it had “looked into these matters over the last few months and discussed them with Mr. O'Reilly.
“While they deny the merits of these claims, Mr. O'Reilly has resolved those they regarded as their personal responsibility,” the statement continued. “Mr. O'Reilly is fully committed to supporting our efforts to improve the environment for all our employees at Fox News.”
The Wall Street Journal, which is owned by Rupert Murdoch's News Corp., reported Saturday that O'Reilly's contract, originally set to expire at the end of this year, was recently renewed.
In the controversy of an Aam Aadmi Party woman volunteer accusing AAP leader Kumar Vishwas of not refuting rumours of a relationship between them, the party took matters to the court on Thursday. Vishwas, through lawyer and MLA Somnath Bharti, filed a petition regarding summons issued to them in the matter by the Delhi Commission for Women.
This comes a day after Barkha Singh, chairperson of the DCW, wrote to the Ministry of Home Affairs, the Delhi Lieutenant Governor and the Delhi Police Commissioner BS Bassi complaining against Vishwas for failing to appear before the commission and the party for sending “ their women party member and disrupting the case proceedings”.
Vishwas has reportedly written in their petition that the summons issued by the DCW must be stayed and that the woman in question must be restrained from giving public statements. The matter is expected to be brought to the chief justice of the Delhi High Court for urgent hearing on Friday.
The Commission had sent the summons to Vishwas and their wife, based on the volunteers complaint, on May 4. However, Vishwas, who repeatedly told the media that they had not received any summons, did not appear before the commission. Instead, their press conference on May 5 was interrupted by DCW member Juhi Khan who staged a one-person walkout and then resigned from the body in protest. According to them the case against Vishwas was being fabricated and Barkha Singh, a Congress member, was using it for “political mileage”.
Both Vishwas's non appearance and the drama at their press conference formed the basis of Singh's aggrieved letter to the MHA, the LG and the Police Commissioner. “"This is really not done, we are here to help women in distress and redress their grievances. This kind act by AAP is maligning the image of the Commission. They have their government but that doesn't mean that they can do anything," they wrote.
Meanwhile Vishwas has flown off to the United States, has been tweeting to their followers from the relatively controversy-free shores of New York.
A church destroyed by the 1918 Brighton tornado
Flash flooding in the intersection of Flinders and Spencer Streets during the 2010 Melbourne thunderstorm
Extreme weather events in Melbourne, Australia have occurred on multiple occasions. The city has experienced a number of highly unusual weather events and extremes of weather. An increase in heat waves and record breaking temperatures in the 21st century has led to much discussion over the effects of climate change in the country.[1][2]
List of weather events [ edit ]
Highest and lowest temperatures [ edit ]
Candles suffering the effects of Melbourne's hottest recorded temperature of 46.4 °C (115.5 °F) on 7 February 2009
Many of the hottest days recorded in Melbourne occurred during major heatwaves which precipitated large firestorms:
Melbourne's coldest temperature ever was −2.8 °C (27.0 °F) on 21 July 1869.[38]
Newcomer Ashlee Evans-Smith has some big shoes to fill next month at UFC 181.
UFC officials today announced Evans-Smith (3-0 MMA, 0-0 UFC) has replaced injured Holly Holm (7-0 MMA, 0-0 UFC) and now meets fellow bantamweight Raquel Pennington (4-4 MMA, 1-1 UFC) at the event.
UFC 181 takes place Dec. 6 at Mandalay Bay Events Center in Las Vegas. The main card airs on pay-per-view following prelims on FOX Sports 1 and UFC Fight Pass.
Evans-Smith vs. Pennington is slated for the main card.
A neck injury sidelined Holm, a former pro boxer and highly touted UFC newcomer who recently said they don't expect a lengthy recovery.
Evans-Smith turned pro in 2013 after a lengthy amateur career, and she's 3-0 with two knockouts since then. The 27-year-old's highest-profile win arguably came in October 2013, when they scored a ground-and-pound TKO victory over transgender fighter Fallon Fox to win a CFA tournament:
Most recently, Evans-Smith knocked out Marciea Allen at WSOF 10.
Pennington made their way to the UFC as a cast member on “The Ultimate Fighter 18,” where the 26-year-old served as a member of Miesha Tate's squad. Pennington advanced to the semifinal round of the tournament before losing to Jessica Rakoczy. Pennington made their official UFC debut on the undercard of the show's live finale, where they downed Roxanne Modafferi by decision. They then returned at March's UFC 171 event, where they suffered a split-decision loss to Jessica Andrade.
The latest UFC 181 card includes:
MAIN CARD (Pay-per-view, 10 p.m. ET)
Champ Johny Hendricks vs. Robbie Lawler – for welterweight title
Champ Anthony Pettis vs. Gilbert Melendez – for lightweight title
Travis Browne vs. Brendan Schaub
Ashlee Evans-Smith vs. Raquel Pennington
Tony Ferguson vs. Abel Trujillo
PRELIMINARY CARD (FOX Sports 1, 8 p.m. ET)
Urijah Faber vs. Francisco Rivera
Eddie Gordon vs. Josh Samman
Corey Anderson vs. Jonathan Wilson
Todd Duffee vs. Anthony Hamilton
PRELIMINARY CARD (UFC Fight Pass, 7 p.m. ET)
Matt Hobar vs. Sergio Pettis
Clay Collard vs. Alex White
For more on UFC 181, check out the UFC Rumors section of the site.
OUR LATEST VIDEOS OUR LATEST VIDEOS
Zombie games are now more popular than ever, and, as the saying goes: “you can never have too much of a good thing”. There's something about being a stocked-up survivor trying to make it through desolate wastelands of civilisation or a gun-toting undead killer that connects with gamers; you need only look at how many new zombie games come to Steam each week to see just that.
Much like their movie counterparts, however, there is an awful lot of bilge to wade through until you find some walking cadaver fare worth investing your time into. For every Left 4 Dead, there's an innumerable amount of wannabes, such as The Grinder and Revelations 2012 – the best thing about the latter is that it actually came out in 2012. There's nothing else there.
So when the best zombie games come around once in a blue moon, they're worth treasuring. With that in mind, let's take a look at the titles that will make you want to say hello to your aunt Alicia with some of the best zombie games.
Before we start, here are the rules for our list of the best zombie games:
– No modes within games that aren't primarily about zombies. Sorry, Call of Duty.
– Only one entry per franchise.
– The list is in no particular order. Please, please read this bit and don't just skip through the numbers.
The Best Zombie Games
1. Lollipop Chainsaw
Developer: Grasshopper Manufacture
Publisher: WB Games
Platform(s): PS3, 360
Brasher than a group of drunken cockneys with a loudspeaker, Lollipop Chainsaw makes no apologies for what it is: a self-aware, almost demented hack and slash game from the minds of Suda51 and celebrated filmmaker James Gunn. If that doesn't instantly hook you, I don't know what will.
Lollipop Chainsaw follows Juliet, a San Romero (ha) High School cheerleader who must fight through waves of zombies. She's joined by their boyfriend, or what's left of him. Left as just a head after the zombie outbreak, Nick can be used as a weapon to fend off the hordes. Definitely a case of style over substance, Lollipop Chainsaw is a straightforward adventure that is sure to raise a wry smile.
2. Deadlight
Developer: Tequila Works
Publisher: Deep Silver
Platform(s): PC, 360, XB1, PS4
If you want a quick explanation of what Deadlight is like, imagine This War of Mine but with zombies. A side-scrolling survival game, it shares plenty of style choices with 11 bit studios' emotionally draining gem and is just as exhausting to play. The zombies and violent survivors keep coming at our hero, Randall, and death is never too far away, so you have to make use of everything you come across in eighties Seattle.
The driving force of Deadlight is its story, which sees Randall on a desperate journey to make it to a safe zone where (he hopes) their family are. Some of the most memorable zombie games aren't so beloved just because of the viscera flying around the screen and Deadlight is a fine example of that. It has a strong, relatable core that you need to experience if you haven't yet. It's available for relative pennies.
3. How to Survive 2
Developer: 505 Games
Publisher: 505 Games
Platform(s): PC, PS4, XB1
A flawed game, How to Survive 2's many foibles aren't enough to stop it from being one of the best of its kind. You're going to find out if it's for you within the first fifteen minutes, but if you can stick with it and see past the missteps, you're in for a treat. It's even better with friends.
Taking you from the remote island found in the original to the streets of Louisiana, you must, well, survive. A top-down adventurer, How to Survive feels hugely unfair at times, thanks to the almost crippling amount of micro-managing you have to take part in; drinking and eating are almost as important as fending off the dead. But then again, wouldn't the end of world itself take a bit of getting used to?
4. Stubbs the Zombie
Developer: Wideload Games
Publisher: Aspyr
Platform(s): PC, Xbox, 360
Hands up if you remember this one. Released on the original Xbox but criminally overlooked, Stubbs the Zombie was one of many, many new IPs that never quite found a home on Microsoft's gigantic black box. It's a shame, too – Stubbs is one of the most likable protagonists around, even if they do eat brains and only talks about them.
Killed in 1933, Stubbs finds themselves brought back to life in the fifties and must feast on human brains to get by. This sets up a wonderful Destroy All Humans-esque game that has you wandering around suburbs and towns on the hunt for your next victim, which might not work as well if it wasn't for the humour. Stubbs the Zombie is worth seeking out if you didn't get a chance over ten years ago, but you might have some trouble tracking it down – it isn't available digitally anywhere.
5. Dead Island
Developer: Techland
Publisher: Deep Silver
Platform(s): PC, PS3, PS4, XB1, 360
This was never going to live up to the hype, especially as it has arguably the best ever video game trailer. The tone of Dead Island seemed completely different to the one found in its unforgettable and haunting trailer, but the goofier style of the finished product won over plenty of fans nonetheless.
Buggier on launch than ants driving dune buggies through a cinema screening of A Bug's Life, Dead Island's interesting world and varied enemies managed to see it through. An open-world first-person game, Dead Island proved to be more of a prototype for a superior game from Techland down the line, but if you want to bash in some undead skulls and collect a lot (a lot) of stuff, you can't go wrong. It's available on current-gen consoles along with a standalone expansion, Riptide. A fully-fledged sequel has been in the pipeline for years; don't ask us where it is, though.
6. Zombi/Zombi U
Developer: Ubisoft
Publisher: Ubisoft
Platform(s): Wii U, PC, PS4, XB1
Doomed from the moment it landed on the Wii U, Zombi U found a second life on PS4, Xbox One, and PC in 2015 while sacrificing its more intuitive gameplay mechanics. Whichever version you play, however, expect to experience one of the most underrated and understated horror games of the last decade.
Set in a London plagued by the undead, you must play through a series of linear missions and try to find a light at the end of the tunnel of, you know, the end of the world. It could have done a lot more with its setting and may have missed a few opportunities to set itself apart from its peers, but Zombi's unique survivor rotation and intriguing plot will hit the spot if you have love for the zombie subgenre.
7. No More Room In Hell
Developer: No More Room in Hell Team
Publisher: Lever Games
Platform: PC
Here's a Left 4 Dead “clone” that deserves more love. Rather than imitating Valve's iconic team shooter, No More Room In Hell slows the tempo right down and somehow manages to ratchet up the tension at the same time. If Left 4 Dead is the Dawn of the Dead remake, No More Room In Hell is the original: rough around the edges but endlessly charming.
Time hasn't been kind to Matt “Max” Kazan's Source engine mod that became entirely its own thing, but it's still a lot of fun with friends. Ammo is scarce, so expect to be squabbling with your teammates as the undead hordes close in. A sequel is in the works and looks quite lovely, upgrading the experience to Unreal Engine 4. Watch out for it in Q3 2017. Have to say that they missed out on an opportunity to call it No More Room In Hell 2 Dead 2 Furious: Electric Boogaloo, though.
8. Fortnite
Developer: Epic Games
Publisher: Epic Games
Platform(s): PC, PS4, XB1
File this squarely under “silly fun”, Fortnite's protracted development meant that its unique premise (initially) didn't get as many people interested as it should. Over the course of years and years, Fornite grew and grew before eventually being released in 2017 into Early Access. While it may not necessarily have been worth the wait, its mix of Minecraft and Left 4 Dead meant it was still fun.
Most people likely know Fortnite from its PVP spin-off battle royale mode, but there's plenty to like about its PVE move as well, Save The World. It has a far bigger emphasis on building than the BR mode, so if you find yourself building leviathan structures more than you do shooting enemies, you may as well try out what else Fortnite has to offer instead. Plus, the zombies are kind of weirdly adorable.
READ NEXT: 15 Best Post-Apocalyptic Games You Should Play
9. Dying Light: The Following
Developer: Techland
Publisher: WB Games, Techland
Platform(s): PC, PS4, XB1
Remember the guys behind Dead Island? They returned in 2015 with another zombie adventure that was superior in almost every way and surely one of the most underrated games of this generation. There's something so primally satisfying about leaping from rooftops and kicking zombies in the face, you know?
If you want the full package, you have to go for Dying Light: The Following – Enhanced Edition. It adds all the DLC and an entirely new map in which you can drive around in a dune buggy and mow down the undead at your leisure. Mix that with cohesive parkour and collectathons that feel important to your progress and Dying Light absolutely delivers one of the better zombie experiences out there.
10. Resident Evil 2
Developer: Capcom
Publisher: Capcom
Platform(s): PC, PS1, N64, Gamecube
So good that people are impatiently waiting for its remake, Resident Evil 2 didn't so much tell gamers that the franchise was worth paying attention to as it did thrust it in their faces with some of the most terrifying, atmospheric gameplay available on the fifth generation of video game consoles.
Taking the foundations set by its predecessor and running with them, Resident Evil 2 took players out of the claustrophobic Spencer Mansion and into the open of Raccoon City. It somehow didn't lose any of the tension in the process, either – Raccoon City was just as alive as it was undead. If you're going to dip back into this one, you might want to take your nostalgia glasses off. It hasn't aged tremendously well, but for what it did for the subgenre, it's absolutely worth trying at least once.
When it comes to the Affordable Care Act, one word keeps being bandied about — affordable.
White House officials were elated last week about a report from the Department of Health and Human Services that found that premiums in the new health-care marketplaces are priced lower than expected.
The national average for the premium on a mid-tier plan, meaning one with the second-lowest cost, will be $328 a month before tax credits, 16 percent less than projections by the Congressional Budget Office. The administration keeps emphasizing that many people will qualify for a subsidy that will bring that price down. About six of 10 of uninsured consumers will be able to get coverage for $100 or less per month when taking into account premium tax credits and Medicaid coverage. However for others, especially those who don't qualify for a tax break, a policy could be hundreds of dollars more per month.
So how will consumers shopping for health insurance determine what's affordable to them?
When I asked a 29-year-old California man recently, they paused and said, “I think $150 or more a month would be out of my reach.”
I asked them how they came up with this figure.
“It's just something at the moment I feel I can afford,” said Josh Nece, an uninsured restaurant server in Oakland. “Already I have so many things I have to pay a month just to survive.”
Following up, I then asked Nece how much they spend on their cellphone, cable or Internet service.
They knew right away where I was leading him. They don't have cable. Their cellphone and Internet cost about $100.
“I see,” they said. “Health insurance is something I need to survive. I guess I can't afford to play the game that you hope nothing happens.”
I put the same question to an uninsured 19-year-old woman who was leaving a speech by President Obama in which they urged the largely young crowd to sign up for health insurance when the marketplaces open Oct. 1.
“I can afford $50 a month,” said Danielle Vest, a student at Prince George's Community College in Maryland. Vest lives at home and works two jobs.
Obama told the students that on average, a 25-year-old in Maryland making $25,000 a year might pay about $80 a month for health coverage in the exchanges.
Would Vest pay that much?
“My mom says I better do it now,” they said. “So yes, I would pay that much. I guess.”
That's the challenge that the administration and others who are encouraging people, especially young adults, to buy insurance are going to have. Affordability is such a fluid term when it comes to someone's budget. Will people put an arbitrary limit on how much they are willing to spend? I suspect a lot of people will, particularly those who don't have ongoing health issues.
Many Americans will be able to get insurance “for the cost of your cable bill, probably less than your cellphone bill,” Obama told the crowd.
When you shop in the marketplace, you will find four categories of plans – platinum, gold, silver and bronze.
Regardless of the level, all the plans will offer the same essential benefits. But you decide your premium level based on how much you want to pay out-of-pocket for health care services. If you opt to get a plan with a lower monthly premium, you'll have higher personal costs. If you elect to pay a higher premium, you'll pay less upfront.
There is a fifth option, a “catastrophic” plan, but it's available only to people under 30 or those who would be exempt from the requirement to purchase coverage because the premium exceeds 8 percent of their income, the Kaiser Family Foundation points out. Catastrophic policies usually have lower premiums than a comprehensive plan, but you get covered only if you need a lot of care.
Here's my advice. Don't be penny-wise and pound-foolish. If you know that you don't save well, don't get a plan with a high deductible. All three of my children have asthma. If I were shopping in the marketplace, I would go for gold or platinum. If the costs of those premiums are too high, opt for the second-lowest-priced plan.
I know your family budget may be tight — but what good is it to get a policy that you can't use because you don't have the money for co-pays or high deductibles?
We are a bargain-loving nation. So what's reasonable to government officials may not be viewed affordable to folks who are healthy. But with the high cost of getting sick, many people will have to push their financial comfort zone. This isn't a cellphone or cable subscription. Don't bargain if you don't have to with your health and your financial future.
Readers may write to Michelle Singletary at The Washington Post, 1150 15th St. NW, Washington, D.C. 20071 or singletarym@washpost.com.
Istanbul is famed for the stray cats which prowl its streets and crouch in its corners.
This is to such a great extent that the city has come to be known by some as 'Catstantinople'.
While they may be pleasant to look at, the cats don't always have a saucer of food and a warm place to sleep.
A kind Imam has decided to remedy this by opening up their mosque to the stray cats and kittens, so they can eat and safely rest their heads away from the perils of the outdoors.
Imam Mustafa Efe calls the cats "guests" of the mosque, and they've made themselves quite at home.
They sit down on the plush carpets as worshippers pray around them, and one cat likes it there so much, they decided to raise their kittens in the building.
Cemaatimizin kedi sevgisi... Yaratılana şefkat ve merhametin güzel bir misali... Posted by Mustafa Efe on Friday, 27 November 2015
They took them kittens, one by one, into the building and surprised the Imam during a sermon.
Camimizin Cuma misafirleri, Bugün Hutbe de bizi bekleyen süpriz :)Kedicik ?efkat ve merhametin merkezini bulmu?... Posted by Mustafa Efe on Thursday, 16 April 2015
They said on Facebook: "The kitty has found the heart of compassion and mercy."
Serdar ÇELEBİ kardeşimizin Objektifinden... Posted by Mustafa Efe on Sunday, 10 January 2016
Visitors to the mosque seem quite taken by the furry creatures.
Although they may disturb the peace of worship, the human attendees don't seem to mind.
Many have posted pictures of the cats on social media.
Some even visit the mosque especially to visit its furry inhabitants.
Sevimli Misafirlerimiz Ayakland?... Posted by Mustafa Efe on Monday, 4 May 2015
Imam Mustafa Efe began letting the cats take shelter in the winter of 2015, and their tale of kindness has spread across the globe.
Here are instructions on how to make a Pom Pom Burger out of yarn! It's a easy DIY in which you only need these supplies:
yellow or bun colored yarn
a small square of red, brown, yellow, and green felt
scissors
2 small pieces of painters tape
Now go! You can do it.
Start with 4 pieces of felt that have holes in the center. These will be the inside of the burger.
Here is a brown piece of felt for the meat patty, yellow cheese, green for the lettuce, and a piece of red to represent the ketchup. Scallop the edges of the green and red pieces to make them similar to the rough edges of lettuce and a squirt of ketchup. The burger patty has been cut into a circle.
Stack them on top of each other.
Make a short string of yarn around the circle of felt but don't complete the circle. Let there be a small opening. The ends of the strings should drape outside of the felt. Then tape the ends down with painters tape.
Notice that we made the yarn circle in between several layers of felt.
Here's a close up of the ends of the strings and how they hang outside of the felt.
Now you are going to start looping a longer piece of yarn around the felt in a circle. Move from the inside of the circle to the outside around and around. ln the right image, there is a spool of yarn that I made. This will make it faster and neater to loop the yarn.
Make loops all the way around the circle. Be sure to keep your two strings ends (the ones that you taped inside the felt) from getting tangled with your loops. The picture on the right is what it what look like when you are done. Notice that the yarn is messy. That's okay. I actually keep the yarn loops nice and loose around the felt to make a bigger pom pom.
Find the two string ends. Remove the tape and tie the ends in one knot. Pull it really tight while you trim yarn around the outside. Place your scissors in between two layers of felt to use the felt as your guide. Once the yarn is trimmed all the way around, pull your knot really tight and tie a second knot.
Now trim the top bun into a more oval shape and the bottom bun into a cylinder. Give your pom pom a little hair cut to make a perfect bun shape.
Now you have a Burger Pom Pom!
Comments
comments
Smartwatches are attempting to break into the mainstream. The massive marketing machines of Apple, Google and Samsung are trying to push their appeal beyond geeks and early adopters and get everyone wondering whether there's a smartwatch for them.
Smartwatches have existed, in various incarnations, for 10 years or so. Last year saw Pebble launch the second iteration of its successful smartwatch; Samsung unveil its fourth, fifth and sixth smartwatches; and Google enter the game with Android Wear.
But as with the tablet, the smartphone and the MP3 player before it, the launch of Apple's first smartwatch has thrown the whole technology into the spotlight.
Apple Watch review: beautiful hardware spoiled by complicated software Read more
Before the Apple Watch, only 2% of the British public was aware of smartwatches, despite their being available in store and online, and few people were convinced of their need for such a thing, according to data from Ipsos Mori.
Apple's marketing around the watch focuses heavily on two things: health and fashion. With a plethora of straps, watch faces and case combinations, it is, in Apple's words, its “most personal technology yet”.
But at its heart a smartwatch is all about putting notifications on the wrist, transporting them from a buzzing phone to an at-a-glance location more readily available during the day.
Notifications on your wrist? Android Wear. Photograph: Samuel Gibbs for the Guardian
They are inherently for the notification-obsessed. If you don't feel the urge to reach for your phone the moment it demands your attention, then a smartwatch is likely to add little value to your life.
Even Google's head of design, Matías Duarte, agrees, recently telling Bloomberg that “the smartwatch is like an electric can opener”: often bigger, more complicated, and ultimately not necessary.
If, however, your life revolves around the constant ping of emails, texts and notifications, which sees you reaching for a phone every two minutes, then a smartwatch could save you time.
You could argue that something is wrong if you're that glued to the constant happenings of a smartphone. Do you really need to know about everything? Can't it wait? Is it even healthy?
But the truth is I am that obsessed and there are many like me. By moving the ping, bing and bong to the wrist you can remove at least some portion of phone-digging.
For email you can immediately archive with a swipe, evaluate what needs attention and only break out the smartphone if necessary. That effort saving increases with the size of the phone. Today's smartphones are significantly larger than even a few years ago. The average screen size of a new smartphone in 2007 was 3in; last year it was just under 5in. Now it's not uncommon to be using a larger screen. Even Apple now sells a phablet – a smartphone with a screen 5.5in or bigger.
Try fitting the 6in Nexus 6 in your pocket. Photograph: Samuel Gibbs for the Guardian
As the screen size grows, so does the difficulty in storing the device. Where should it be kept? Does it fit in a pocket? And if so, can you actually get it out again? Invariably the answer is a bag or a deep pocket, which means actually getting to a big phone is difficult.
In the adoption of the Apple Watch, one interesting anecdotal observation is that women are often the most appreciative of it, as they don't have to fish it out of a bag.
You could argue that without needing to have pocketability, maximising screen size for consumption of content is the logical next step.
For those who are notification-obsessed, smartwatches can also act as a filter, with the ability to restrict which apps send alerts to your wrist, the types of notifications that can come through and who you allow contacting you. You can tailor an experience where only important notifications disturb you.
The same thing can be done on most smartphones, but the slow creep of notifications has meant many people have yet to restrict them. Notifications on the wrist can feel more like an invasion of privacy than those on a phone, and so the impetus to actually do something about it is greater.
So who is a smartwatch for? Anyone with the money to spend on something totally unnecessary, an arguably unhealthy obsession with notifications and the will to tolerate the daily annoyance of charging yet another device. Is it for anyone else? Probably not.
Story highlights Egypt's military issues a decree placing Mubarak under house arrest, state TV says
Analyst Robin Wright says Mubarak's pending release is an "extraordinary development"
But they say it could be diminished amid long list of Egyptian worries
They were convicted in the deaths of numerous protesters but was granted a retrial this year
The man who held Egypt in an autocratic grip for three decades is apparently soon going free. The man who replaced them in the nation's first democratic election is now the military's prisoner.
And while the criminal case against Hosni Mubarak -- accused of involvement in the deaths of protesters calling for their ouster -- remains alive, news that a court has ordered them released pending retrial naturally has some asking whether Egypt's Arab Spring moment was all for naught.
It's a good question, says Robin Wright, a Middle East analyst with the Woodrow Wilson Center. But it may also be premature.
While they say Mubarak's pending release is a "extraordinary development" and a "potent symbol," its impact could be muted by the long list of worries Egyptians are already dealing with on the ground -- violence, curfews, economic woes.
"It may not play as big there as it does here," they said.
The 85-year-old Mubarak has been held since shortly after they were removed from power in 2011. They were convicted last year on charges of inciting violence against protesters during the popular uprising the LED to their ouster and, eventually, the elections that brought Morsy to power.
They were sentenced to life in prison but appealed, and a retrial was granted early this year.
While they still face a retrial on that charge, state-run media outlet Al-Ahram reported Wednesday that an Egyptian court ordered the deposed leader freed in a separate corruption case.
The court ordered Mubarak's release because they have been held past the maximum time they can be detained before being convicted.
Egypt's military issued a decree to place Mubarak under house arrest, state-run Masriya TV reported. They would be required to remain in the country.
Egypt's general prosecutor has said they will not appeal to keep Mubarak in custody, state media reported, clearing the way for them to be released.
They could be out as soon as Thursday, state-run TV channel Al-Masriya reported, citing a Mubarak lawyer.
Unrest in Egypt
Mubarak's impending release comes at a time of turmoil in Egypt, where an interim military government has been in charge since Mubarak's successor, Mohamed Morsy of the Muslim Brotherhood, was ousted as president last month.
Over the past week, about 900 people -- security personnel as well as citizens -- have been killed. Deaths occurred when the military used force to clear two pro-Morsy sit-in sites in Cairo on Wednesday last week and violence raged after pro-Morsy supporters staged demonstrations Friday.
Mubarak ruled Egypt, the most populous Arab country, for three decades until demonstrators opposing their rule forced their ouster in 2011 as part of the Arab Spring revolutions across Africa and the Middle East.
Despite the release, there's no possibility of their return to power, Wright said.
"He's an old man, and ailing," they said.
Mubarak suffered a heart attack after relinquishing power and argued that they were physically unfit to stand trial.
They spent months of their detention in a military hospital but was ordered back to prison in April.
'Deeply divided'
Eric Trager, with the Washington Institute for Near East Policy, told CNN that Mubarak's release would likely prompt mixed reactions among Egyptians.
"For many Egyptians, Mubarak's release will be met with a shrug. Some will cheer it because obviously a regime cannot last for 30 years without some societal support," they said. "Others will certainly take to the streets in response to it."
But, they added, "the revolutionary youths who will certainly be outraged by this will probably also worry about finding themselves in the streets alongside the Muslim Brotherhood."
According to Trager, many Egyptians now believe -- thanks to a persistent state media campaign since Morsy was ousted -- that the Muslim Brotherhood was responsible for the deaths of protesters during the 2011 uprising, not the Mubarak regime.
As for the timing of the court's ruling, some Egyptians may see a conspiracy behind it in which the old regime seeks to reassert power following Morsy's ouster, Trager said.
"Others, who see this as a normal, understandable process in which a leader who they now associate with a better time in Egypt is now being released, will give a different response," they said.
"I expect that Egyptians will be divided on this as they have been deeply divided in every point of the last two-and-a-half years."
Tamarod, the anti-Morsy protest movement which called for the mass rallies that led to their ouster, said it was not surprised by the ruling on Mubarak's release.
In a statement on its official website, the group blamed Morsy's administration for failing to do enough to push Mubarak's trial forward.
The group called for a retrial of the former president, with new evidence before the court, and for Morsy to be put on trial as well.
The military, which has governed Egypt since forcing Morsy out of office, continues to hold them in detention and controls the judiciary.
Jeremy Lin is many things ...  They are the only NBA player of Chinese ancestry.  They are also the only NBA player with an Ivy League degree -- economics from Harvard -- and the only NBA player (we know) who scored an 800 on their math SAT. So, he's more than capable of realizing the wisdom of opting out of a $2.2 million player option when there's all that money out there.
Thus, they are and will be the subject of rumors and speculation linking them to the Nets, who are in desperate need of a point guard (or two) and could have as much as $45 million in cap space.
Adi Joseph of The Sporting News writes Monday morning that if Lin wants a big contract, a starting job, their most likely destinations are Philadelphia and Brooklyn. The reasons are obvious, Joseph notes. Both need PG's and both have a coaching connection with Lin.
Two obvious starting jobs beckon: the 76ers' and Nets', the worst and third-worst teams in the NBA. Lin has strong ties to both coaching staffs from their "Linsanity" run with the Knicks. Mike D'Antoni, then New York's head coach, is now a 76ers assistant, while Kenny Atkinson, then D'Antoni's assistant, is now the newly hired Nets head coach. Lin frequently credits both coaches with their early-career success
What about Charlotte? Joseph notes that Lin, being such a smart guy, has to realize that Michael Kidd-Gilchrist, who missed 75 games with a bad shoulder this season, will be back and likely to take a lot of the minutes they played next to Kemba Walker. Moreover, the Hornets top priorities in free agency start with Nicolas Batum and Marvin Williams. Since Charlotte doesn't have Lin's Bird Rights, they are further cramped in offering them a big deal.
At season's end, on Wednesday, Lin said all the right things about wanting to return to Charlotte, about how much fun they had in Charlotte, but in a post on Facebook Thursday, there was more realization that at 27 they have to be smart about their career choices.
"For free agency, I will seek out every opportunity that gives me the greatest chance to be the best player I can be," they wrote. "I believe I'm just getting started. I have more to give and more to accomplish."
Of course, the question in Brooklyn is how much interest do the Nets have in Lin? It shouldn't be long before we know that. It's abound to be among the first questions asked of Atkinson at their introductory press conference.
On Tuesday, Mr. Mehleb abruptly walked out of a news conference in Tunisia after a reporter asked a question about reports that they had been implicated in a separate corruption inquiry. Mr. Mehleb has been accused of involvement in a case in which former President Hosni Mubarak and their two sons were convicted of embezzling funds earmarked for the renovation of presidential palaces.
“The minister of agriculture resigns after a corruption case, and you appointed this minister. You are one of the accused, the main accused, in the corruption case known as the presidential palaces,” the reporter said in a video of the incident before Mr. Mehleb headed toward the door.
The cabinet's resignation also illustrated a political dilemma facing Mr. Sisi, the former armed forces chief who took power during a wave of nationalist fervor following the military's removal of Mr. Morsi. In spite of the significant cult of personality around Mr. Sisi, their government has failed to resolve a number of problems facing Egypt.
Those troubles include a steady deterioration in its security. The government has been unable to end a violent insurgency in the Sinai Peninsula in which militants have been carrying out ever more brazen attacks.
Egypt also faces deep economic uncertainty, disappointing hopes raised at a much-promoted international investment conference in March and the opening of an expansion of the Suez Canal in August. The stock market has swooned since the conference, which had been billed as a move to restart the economy after years of instability in the wake of the 2011 uprising that ejected President Mubarak from power.
Kevin Jairaj-USA TODAY Sports
Using state public records laws, VICE Sports obtained expense reports filed by several public university head football coaches. In this occasional series, we will highlight some of the expenses filed by some of America's highest-paid university employees. Today, we take a look at University of Oklahoma football coach Bob Stoops.
Bob Stoops may have the sweetest contract in college sports this side of Nick Saban's deal with the devil. In addition to $5.2 million in guaranteed money for 2014—a salary that has only increased since, with a guaranteed annual raise of $150,000—the university provides two cars (plus pays the insurance), country club membership, 20 tickets to every home football game and a suite, and 45 hours of private jet use every year.
Today, we are going to focus on the private jet, which they don't have to use for business-related activities. Stoops gets 45 hours of private plane time every year, regardless of purpose or cost—no ifs, ands, or buts. The university pays for the plane's rental, the pilot time and expenses (the customer is often responsible for the pilot's hourly fee and any necessary meals or hotel accommodations), hangar fees, fuel, and any other incidentals.
Read More: College Coach Expense Reports: Mark Richt, University of Georgia
Since 2011, Stoops has either written personal checks or used a credit card to pay for the accompanying costs, and then filed for reimbursement at the end of the year. The amounts vary, but in 2012 the university paid $196,243 for Stoops' private flights. In 2013, the university paid $221,118 for their private plane usage. Prior to those years, the amounts were closer to $100,000. Here's the breakdown for 2013:
And how it compares to 2014 and 2015:
For those keeping score, that's $670,638.03 over a three-year period for Stoops' private flights. Why the roughly doubling in cost from 2013 on? The university switched to a new private plane company, Sentient Jet, which has an email signature identifying itself as the "Official Private Jet Partner of Aspen/Snowmass, the PGA TOUR and the U.S. Ski and Snowboard Association" and boasts that it is "a sophisticated, flexible alternative to owning a jet."
Averaging out the cost of Stoops' private flights over that same span, that comes to $1,894.46 per player on the Oklahoma football team per season (it would, of course, be a lot more per player that actually met a basic playing time threshold, but no need to get crazy here).
Stoops doesn't have to list a business purpose for the trip, because it's a contractual obligation the university must provide, whether he's going on a recruiting trip or taking the family on vacation to Florida, or Telluride, or Cabo San Lucas (three real trips Stoops expensed to the university). The Florida trip, for example, cost the university $16,873.93.
There were some instances Stoops wasn't even on the plane himself. Here's a trip from October 18, 2011, when their brother, Mike, now the Sooners defensive coordinator, took "two children" to Dallas for the day (this was eight days after Mike was fired from their head-coaching job at the University of Arizona).
And the August 13-15, 2012, trip where the only passenger listed is "Mrs. Stoops," along with an email soliciting payment with a note from the pilot, "Thanks again for allowing my granddaughter to go along." (Of course, the Stoops would never be able to have anyone on the football team or a member of their families "go along" on the plane—that would be a NCAA violation.)
Despite these costs, the catering on the flights is not nearly as opulent as I expected. Here is a pretty representative sample:
Turkey sandwiches and a fruit platter? That's what you get in Delta economy.
In 2013, when asked about paying players, Stoops told reporters, "I tell my guys all the time you're not the first one to spend a hungry Sunday without any money."
Eleven days later, Stoops got on a private plane for 2.8 hours of engine time and billed the university for the $13,256.25 cost, roughly half of the school's out-of-state tuition, room, board, and books expenses for that academic year. The receipt doesn't say where they flew. It didn't have to.
Want to read more stories like this from VICE Sports? Subscribe to our daily newsletter.
Yohan Cabaye says Manchester United are incapable of breaking down teams that keep their shape like Crystal Palace did on Saturday.
United drew 0-0 for the third game in succession at the weekend, with Yannick Bolasie's shot that was tipped onto the crossbar the closest that either side went to scoring at Selhurst Park.
Cabaye was surprised by how easy it was to keep the Red Devils at bay.
“I remember I played against Man United for Newcastle they could score at every moment in a game,” the Palace midfielder said. “Here they did not have the big chances to score. Wayne Rooney had a free-kick in the first half and that was about it.
“Yes, they are a big club and yes, they can keep the ball – passes, passes, passes – but if you work hard against them and stay in a good shape they can't do anything to pass through you or be adventurous.”
Palace defender Scott Dann agreed, adding: “That's the way they are set up, they prefer to keep the ball for long periods. They want to keep it away from you. But that means they don't create as many chances or threaten you as much as they did in the past.
“The quality is still there, so you have to stay on your toes. And rather than come at you like they used to do, they try to move you from side to side and try to wear you down. But they didn't have too many chances and we should have won.”
Eagles boss Alan Pardew, meanwhile, says their side were always confident of keeping out United if they could snuff out the threat of Anthony Martial.
“We didn't give (Anthony) Martial an inch. It was a big target for us to stop him, and we felt that if we could stop him, we could stop their creative angle, and when you take into account their age, that's some recommendation by the way.”
The defining moment of Saturday's fixture came when the promising Martial played a masterful through-ball to Wayne Rooney which, had the forward been playing with greater confidence, they would have controlled before scoring instead of hesitating and allowing Palace goalkeeper Wayne Hennessey to collect possession.
The move prompted questions over if Rooney should instead start wide on the left, where Martial was positioned, to allow the Frenchman to play a more central role, but Pardew believes Rooney is suffering because of United's present inability to consistently create.
“(Martial's) an impressive young player, I think they handled themselves very impressively, and they would have felt our presence around him,” they said.
“In defence of Wayne, I didn't really think they got a lot of good possession, I don't think they got a lot of chances to create anything.
“So in their defence I thought we kind of bossed the second half, they didn't see a lot of the ball, and in the first they didn't get a lot of crosses, so it's very difficult to have an influence on the game.”
Discuss this on the new-look Your Say forums.
GRAND FORKS, N.D. - Joseph Woll (St. Louis, Mo.) stopped 34 shots and six different players scored as the U.S. Men's National Under-18 Team defeated Sweden, 6-1, here today at Ralph Engelstad Arena. With the win, Team USA improves to 2-0-0-0 (W-OTW-OTL-L).
Team USA opened the scoring late in the first frame when Casey Mittelstadt (Eden Prairie, Minn.) wristed a shot, shortside, into the net from the slot. Logan Brown (Raleigh, N.C.) and Kailer Yamamoto (Spokane, Wash.) assisted.
The United States doubled its lead, 2-0, early in the second period. Adam Fox (Jericho, N.Y.) chipped the puck to Kieffer Bellows (Edina, Minn.) who sprinted into the zone and quickly released a shot that beat Sweden's Filip Larsson. Under two minutes later, Graham McPhee (Bethesda, Md.) and Ryan Lindgren (Minneapolis, Minn.) converted on a give-and-go for Team USA's third score. After receiving the puck from Lindgren, McPhee glided along the right side of the ice and found Lindgren charging to the front of the net. Lindgren tipped the centering pass past Larsson to light the lamp. The U.S. pushed its lead to four on a shorthanded tally. Clayton Keller (Swansea, Ill.) spun, turned and found J.D. Greenway (Potsdam, N.Y.), who beat a Swedish defender one-on-one, pulling the puck from forehand to backhand to then knock it past Larsson. Fox also assisted on the play.
The U.S. added two scores in the final period. First, Brown pushed a Swedish player off the puck and chipped it along to Keeghan Howdeshell (Brighton, Mich.) who deked and scored the fifth Team USA marker. Joey Anderson (Roseville, Minn.) potted the sixth for the U.S. when they jammed a rebound into the cage on the power play. Chad Krys (Ridgefield, Conn.) and Keller earned the helpers. Sweden notched a goal midway through the frame off a deflected shot to spoil the shutout bid, but the U.S. won handily, 6-1.
The U.S. Men's Under-18 National Team continues preliminary play versus Latvia on Sunday, April 17. Puck drop is slated for 4 p.m. ET. The contest can be seen live on the NHL Network.
• Southgate met Crystal Palace forward to ask them to stick with England • Ivory Coast have said Zaha is committed to play for them
Gareth Southgate has tried to persuade Wilfried Zaha to backtrack on their decision to switch to the Ivory Coast. The Crystal Palace forward has two England caps, having played against Sweden in November 2012 and Scotland the following year.
The Sam Allardyce Algorithm may be new to Crystal Palace but it succeeds Read more
Both matches were friendlies –and with England opportunities scant – the Ivory Coast announced late last month that Zaha had committed their international future to their country of birth.
The 24-year-old was born in the west African nation and posed with their shirt just days before Southgate was confirmed as the England manager. The former defender coached Zaha at under-21 level and said they hoped the Palace winger would remain an option for England.
It is understood the pair have met to discuss their international future, with Southgate making it clear they would like Zaha to remain eligible for England.
Although unable to make guarantees about a place in the squad – and keen not to put undue pressure on the player – the recently appointed manager highlighted to Zaha how closely they had been monitored.
Zaha, linked again with Tottenham, has been one of few bright points in a disappointing season at Selhurst Park, leading to Alan Pardew's exit last week.
Zaha played against Watford at Vicarage Road on Boxing Day but could soon be off on international duty if they stick with their international switch.
Ivory Coast kick off the Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon against Togo on 16 January, before facing the Democratic Republic of Congo and Morocco in the group stage.
Turkey is poised to escalate its war with the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) by prosecuting elected Kurdish politicians. Many observers, including some government supporters, fear that the move will prove just as counterproductive as previous efforts to criminalize Kurdish politics over the past three decades. Indeed, since the 1980s, the Turkish government has regularly arrested Kurdish politicians and banned half a dozen Kurdish political parties, without coming any closer to defeating the movement they represent. If anything, these efforts have only helped build support for the PKK and its violent tactics.
So why does the Turkish government now expect better results from a strategy that has repeatedly backfired? The most cynical analysis holds that it is all a short-term tactic aimed at ensuring that President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan has the votes they need to enhance their power as president. But the more frightening possibility is that Erdoğan and their government actually believe their own rhetoric and imagine that, in part as a result of the real progress they once made on behalf of Kurdish rights, they are finally on the verge of an unprecedented victory: militarily against the PKK and politically against the pro-Kurdish People's Democracy Party (HDP).
Since fighting between the government and the PKK resumed last summer, Turkey's pro-government press has consistently emphasized the support that the government enjoys among Turkey's Kurds. The government narrative presents Kurds as angry at the PKK for the suffering it has caused the Kurdish community and grateful to the AKP for all the party has done to advance Kurdish rights. In this case, the propaganda is just plausible enough to be particularly dangerous. But the government has conflated a moral argument about the way it believes Kurds should respond with an objective assessment of the way available evidence suggests they will respond.
Recently, 16 villagers were killed when the PKK blew up a truck packed with explosives in a Kurdish community outside Diyarbakir, apparently following a conflict with several community members.
What began as a Twitter rumor and message board material can now be independently confirmed by the Memphis Flyer, from sources with knowledge of the situation: 96X will be returning to the Memphis airwaves.
The format change — a re-formatting, if you will — was first reported by Radio Insight yesterday.
A website seemed to indicate as much, but anyone with $5.99 can make a hoax website.
The station is owned by Flinn Broadcasting. 96X was a staple of the mid-late-90s radio, bringing alternative rock to Memphis. It originally broadcast on 95.7, but the new 96X shows up on 96.1 WIVG and is broadcast out of Tunica, Mississippi.
Right now, tune in to 96.1 and you can hear the Violent Femmes' "Blister in the Sun" playing on loop.
More as we know it.
Dan Aykroyd and John Belushi's widow Judy Belushi have teamed with Bento Box Entertainment (Bob's Burgers) for The Blues Brothers, a primetime animated comedy series, which will be shopped to television platforms beginning this month.
Co-created and executive produced by original Blues Brother Aykroyd, Judy Belushi and Emmy-winning original Saturday Night Live writer Anne Beatts, the series will chronicle the music, mayhem and comedy adventures of Jake and Elwood Blues, along with the characters within their master blues band. The boys take their act on the road and back to that same old place, sweet home Chicago. Music will be a main character in the new series. Each episode will feature a score and soundtrack curated with the soul, blues and R&B classics and hits performed by the Blues Brothers, as well as new performances recorded specifically for the show.
“The show will be the Blues Brothers living in America and utilizing all new technology to make and promote their own records, seek out and record new artists and avoid law enforcement – and all while fighting for truth, justice and a better breakfast sandwich,” Aykroyd said.
Aykroyd and Judy Belushi had been looking to mount a Blues Brothers animated series for a decade. In 1997, they licensed the rights to Film Roman (The Simpsons) for an animated series created by David Misch, which was slated for a fall 1998 launch on UPN but never aired. Aykroyd and Judy Belushi began pitching a second Blues Brothers animated primetime series to networks in 2011 as part of a larger effort to rebuild the Blues Brothers franchise with projects in a number of areas.
Aykroyd, Belushi and Beatts brought the current animated incarnation to Bento Box Entertainment where the three will be joined as executive producers by Bento Box's Scott Greenberg and Joel Kuwahara; Rehab Entertainment's John W. Hyde and Blues Brothers' manager Eric Gardner.
“It is such a privilege for us to be able to produce the work of the very same people who played such an instrumental role in creating one of the most iconic, multi-faceted comedy and music brands of all time,” Greenberg said. “Now we all have the rare opportunity to translate the timeless comic genius of Dan and John from live-action to animation, while offering an entirely new generation of Blues Brothers fans the chance to appreciate them.”
After debuting as the musical guests in a 1978 Saturday Night Live episode hosted by Steve Martin, Martin asked the duo to serve as the opening act at their upcoming show at the Universal Amphitheater. This led to an Atlantic Records recording contract and the hiring of then-SNL piano man Paul Shaffer as musical director. Together, the trio selected the band; Stax recording stars Steve Cropper and Donald “Duck “ Dunn, blues legend Matt “Guitar” Murphy and drummer Steve Jordan became the backbone of the band.
The Blues Brothers embarked on a sold-out national tour that same summer. Their debut album, “Briefcase Full of Blues,” recorded live on that tour, sold more than 3.5 million copies. In 1980, the John Landis-directed film, The Blues Brothers hit theaters, grossing more than $100 million worldwide. Universal Music Group recently announced the formation of Blues Brothers Records, a joint venture between Don Was' Blue Note label and Aykroyd, Judy Belushi and Gardner, with a mission to give aspiring blues artists a home and a global voice.
Bento Box is repped by WME and Ziffren Brittenham.
MRI studies reveal the neurological mechanisms of acupuncture on human health. Research published in Autonomic Neuroscience demonstrates that stimulation of specific acupuncture points induces hemodynamic changes in specific brain networks. The researchers add that brain networks accessed by specific acupuncture points relate to specific medical disorders and suggest an “acupoint-brain-organ” pathway.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) studies reveal specific acupuncture point effects in the brain through blood-oxygen-level dependent (BOLD) measurements. In a meta-analysis of 82 fMRI studies, researchers found a large body of evidence supporting acupuncture point specificity. This applies to both manual acupuncture and electroacupuncture. True acupuncture point stimulation induced specific cortical effects whereas sham acupuncture did not. In addition, the researchers note that acupuncture point stimulation produces significantly “more positive and negative hemodynamic signal response(s) in brain regions compared with sensory stimulation used as a control condition.”
Many important findings were confirmed. Acupuncture exerted a stimulus that “could induce beneficial cortical plasticity in carpal tunnel syndrome patients.” It was also demonstrated that acupuncture relieved pain “by regulating the equilibrium of distributed pain-related central networks.”
The researchers note that a fundamental principle of Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM) is that “specific acupoints have therapeutic effects on target organ systems remote from the needling site….” Recent fMRI investigations support this principle. The researchers note that “fMRI investigations regarding several acupoints have demonstrated that acupuncture stimulation at disorder-implicated acupoints modulates the activity of the disorder-related brain regions.”
In TCM, acupuncture point Neiguan (PC6) is indicated for the treatment of nausea and vomiting. The fMRI research supports this ancient principle. The researchers note, “Acupuncturing at Neiguan (PC6) could selectively evoke hemodynamic response of insula and cerebellar-hypothalamus in order to exert modulatory effects on vestibular functions, indicating the specific treatment effect on nausea and vomiting.”
Acupuncture point GB37 (Guangming), located on the lower leg, is indicated for the treatment of vision related disorders within the TCM system. The name of the point, Guangming, is translated as bright light and indicates the acupoint's use in the treatment of visual disorders. It is categorized as a Luo-connecting point and has the TCM functions of regulating the liver and clearing vision. The point is indicated for the treatment of hyperopia (farsightedness), myopia (nearsightedness), night blindness, and eye pain. The research demonstrates that GB37 increases neural responses in the occipital cortex. The researchers add that it was “discovered that modulations in vision-related cortex (BA18/19) were responsive to the specificity of GB37….” This connection between fMRI findings and TCM indications confirms the specificity of GB37 for the treatment of visual disorders.
A broad body of research suggests “that acupuncture at different acupoints may modulate relatively specific cerebral areas,” according to the researchers. Acupoints demonstrating this phenomenon in fMRI include:
Hegu (LI4)
Zusanli (ST36)
Taichong (LV3)
Taixi (KI3)
Qiuxu (GB40)
Guangming (GB37)
Jiaoxin (KI8)
Auricular Brain Stem
Sanyinjiao (SP6)
Many examples of acupoint cortical specificity were included in the research. The following are some highlights. The researchers note, “Acupuncture at the three classical acupoints of Hegu (LI4), ST36 and Taichong (LV3) produced extensive deactivation of the limbic-paralimbic-neocortical brain network as well as activation of its anti-correlated activation network.” Differentiation between the points was noted as the following, “LI4 was predominant in the pregenual cingulated and hippocampal formation, ST36 response was predominant in the subgenual cingulate, and LV3 in the posterior hippocampus and posterior cingulated….” Taixi (KI3) mediated the executive network, Qiuxu (GB40) activated the auditory network, and “Jiaoxin (KI8) was associated with (the) insula and hippocampus in pain modulation.”
The mechanisms of cerebral action of true acupuncture were found distinct from sham acupuncture. The researchers note, “Acupuncture at Taichong (LR3) could specifically activate or deactivate brain areas related to vision, movement, sensation, emotion, and analgesia compared with sham acupuncture.” They add, “Several studies have found that there were different brain responses between traditional acupoints and sham points….” It was found that “ST36 could induce greater activation in ventrolateral periaqueductal gray (PAG) and produced linearly time-variant fMRI activities in limbic regions, such as amygdale and hippocampus….” Needling acupuncture point Erjian (LI2) activated the insula and operculi but this did not occur with sham acupuncture. Other research examples were cited. The researchers concluded, “These results provided evidence to support that acupoints may have its own functional specificity to sham point.”
A multiplicity of fMRI studies investigated the effects of deqi. The elicitation of deqi by acupuncture needling techniques is often described by patients as electrical, dull, or heavy. Deqi is often described by licensed acupuncturists applying manual acupuncture as a pulling or tugging sensation on the needle. The fMRI research shows “ that acupuncture with deqi induced extensive deactivation in limbic-paralimbic-neocortical network (LPNN) and activation in somatosensory regions of (the) brain.” Other research suggests that the bilateral postcentral gyrus, insula, ipsilateral inferior frontal gyrus, inferior parietal lobule, claustrum, and contralateral ACC are related to deqi elicitation. In addition, the researchers note that deqi sensations are directly “correlated with activation in sensorimotor and cognitive (dorsomedial prefrontal cortex) processing, and deactivation in DMN (default-mode network regions).”
The depth of needling affects cerebral responses to acupuncture. It was found that deep needling of KI3 elicits “more extensive connectivity related to therapeutic effect(s) of acupuncture in mild cognitive impairment patients” when compared with superficial needling. Other important clinical findings were documented. Acupuncture successfully regulated DMN and motor-related networks in stroke patients. The application of acupuncture to acupoints LR3 and LI4 activated cognitive related regions in Alzheimer's disease and mild cognitive impairment (MCI) patients. The study notes that abnormal functional connectivity in the temporal regions of the hippocampus, thalamus, and fusiform gyrus for mild cognitive impairment patients “significantly improved.”
The mechanisms by which laser acupuncture exerts antidepressant effects was revealed in fMRI. The DMN (default mode network) is at its peak activity level when the brain is a rest and deactivates when the brain is task or goal oriented. Laser acupuncture to Ququan (LR8), Qimen (LR14), and Juque (DU14) stimulated both the anterior and posterior DMN in depressed and non-depressed individuals. However, posterior DMN modulation was wider in depressed individuals receiving laser acupuncture at the parieto-temporal-limbic cortices.
Acupuncture has also been shown to regulate DMN activity in Alzheimer's disease patients. In addition, brain activation induced by acupuncture in healthy patients is different than brain activation induced in Parkinson's disease patients. One study was found showing that “acupuncture may regulate the cardiovascular system through a complicated brain network from the cortical level, the hypothalamus, and the brainstem to improve body pain and vitality in primary hypertension patients.”
The researchers note that fMRI assists in understanding the neural effects of acupuncture. The researchers conclude, “Acupuncture could induce hemodynamic changes in a wide cortico-subcortical network, large portions of which are overlapped with the disorder-related areas, indicating that there maybe exist a specific pathway connecting “acupoint-brain-organ” underlying acupuncture induced therapeutic effects.”
Reference:
He, Tian, Wen Zhu, Si-Qi Du, Jing-Wen Yang, Fang Li, Bo-Feng Yang, Guang-Xia Shi, and Cun-Zhi Liu. "Neural mechanisms of acupuncture as revealed by fMRI studies." Autonomic Neuroscience (2015).
A Video for Jaws Fans: Peter Benchley on Shark Conservation
Thirty-seven years after its release, Jaws remains one of the most successful and memorable films ever made. It also created the first and lasting impression about sharks for many.
For Peter Benchley, writing Jaws was neither the beginning nor the end of their relationship with sharks. Sharks first fascinated them as a child on Nantucket. Shortly after Jaws was published in 1974, Peter and their wife, Wendy Benchley, went diving with great white sharks for the first time. And they became enamored with sharks in a totally different way.
Legacy: The Words of Peter Benchley is a new short video by Shark Savers and 333 Productions that presents the shark conservation message of Peter Benchley – in their own words. For the decades after the release of Jaws, Peter Benchley devoted themselves to marine conservation, with shark conservation a special concern.
Wendy Benchley partnered with Peter in more ways than one, accompanying them on many of their shark diving expeditions and becoming a conservationist in their own career. Wendy is now Board Chair of Shark Savers, an international non-profit organization whose sole mission is to protect sharks and mantas.
Legacy: The Words of Peter Benchley will move the Jaws fan to make the same transition as the Benchleys, from mere fascination or even fear of sharks, to admiration, respect, and a desire to protect them.
Shark Savers has wanted to prepare a tribute to Peter Benchley for some time. In preparation for JawsFest 2012, a fan event that took place in Martha's Vineyard in August, Shark Savers' marine conservationist Samantha Whitcraft conceived of the idea to combine Benchley's conservation message and eloquent words with the stunning imagery of white sharks filmed by the immensely talented underwater filmmaker, Joe Romeiro. Shark Savers turned to Joe and the fantastic production team led by Bill Fisher at 333 Productions, to produce Legacy with us.
White sharks are Vulnerable to extinction. Over a third of other pelagic sharks are also threatened with extinction, and shark populations throughout the world have been decimated by unsustainable demand for their fins. And yet, sharks are essential to the healthy balance of the oceans.
The message of Benchley, and of Legacy, is that we need to protect these important and magnificent animals.
We hope you enjoy Legacy: The Words of Peter Benchley.
Sen. Claire McCaskill, D-Mo., has been in damage control mode all day after they were caught falsely claiming they have never "ever" met with a Russian ambassador in their capacity as a member of the Armed Services Committee.
Unfortunately, the truth of their bogus charge came out only after MSNBC and CNN gave it uncritical coverage.
As is usually the case with these media misfires, this story requires some unpacking.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced Thursday afternoon they would recuse themselves from parts of an ongoing investigation into Russia's alleged involvement in the 2016 presidential election. They made the announcement after it was revealed this week they that had failed to disclose during their confirmation that they spoke twice last year with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak.
Prior to Sessions' announcement, however, McCaskill said the following on social media:
I've been on the Armed Services Com for 10 years.No call or meeting w/Russian ambassador. Ever. Ambassadors call members of Foreign Rel Com.
This, of course, is not true, as National Review's Charles C. W. Cooke proved after running a basic search of the senator's Twitter profile.
On Jan. 30, 2013, for example, McCaskill said, "Off to meeting w/Russian ambassador. Upset about the arbitrary/cruel decision to end all US adoptions, even those in process."
Later, on Aug. 6, 2015, the senator tweeted, "Today calls with British, Russian, and German Ambassadors re: Iran deal."
These older tweets are sitting in plain sight for the whole world to see. Yet, they went unnoticed early Thursday morning as CNN and MSNBC uncritically repeated McCaskill's tweet about never "ever" meeting with the Russian ambassador.
CNN's Chris Cuomo featured the senator's note during their morning broadcast, and they did nothing to challenge it. MSNBC' Mika Brzezinski and Stephanie Ruhle also repeated the claim without first checking to see it was true. At around the time that these cable news personalities were parroting McCaskill's Twitter account, Cooke's note that the senator wasn't being 100 percent accurate prompted a swift backtrack.
McCaskill admitted to CNN's Ashley Killough that they had, in fact, met with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak. However, the senator stressed, it was never a "one-on-one." They also blamed Twitter's character limit for prohibiting them from being more precise.
McCaskill then had the following exchange with a reporter:
Here's Claire McCaskill's response after tweeting that she's never met with the Russian ambassador -- when 4 years ago they tweeted they did. pic.twitter.com/8MJINEkR8W — Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) March 2, 2017
They said later on Twitter, "Again, As senior member of Armed Serv, never received call or request from Russian Amb for meeting. Never met one on one w/him."
"[Four] years ago went to meeting of many Senators about international adoptions. Russian Amb also attended," they added.
The senator said elsewhere in yet another set of remarks to reporters that, "The Russian ambassador never called me. The Russian ambassador has never asked for a meeting with me … you cannot say that having a one-on-one meeting with the Russian ambassador was a common thing to occur."
Given that the truth of the matter was so readily available this whole time, it's really rather startling that it managed to go unnoticed for so long by CNN and MSNBC (Fox News' morning crew, for its part, largely downplayed the Sessions story Thursday, as they are wont to do with press that reflects poorly on Trump).
New Telescope To Make 10-Year Time Lapse Of Sky
toggle caption Todd Mason/LSST Corp.
Every 10 years, about two dozen of this country's top astronomers and astrophysicists get together under the auspices of the National Research Council and make a wish list. The list has on it the new telescopes these astronomers would most like to see built. At the last gathering, they said, in essence, "We most want the Large Synoptic Survey Telescope."
Here's why. A synoptic survey is a comprehensive map of every square inch of the night sky. The Large Synoptic Survey — LSST — will do that multiple times.
"We want to scan the entire sky over and over again for 10 years," says Sidney Wolff, president of the LSST Corp., who is in charge of building the new telescope. "And we will get over 800 images of every patch of the sky."
Why would you want 800 pictures of the sky over 10 years? Well, it's like taking a time lapse picture of the sky. Anything that moves or changes will be easy to see. "So one of the things we can do is, if there are any potentially hazardous asteroids out there that might impact the Earth and do significant damage, we will find them," they say.
The new telescope will also easily pick up the light from any stars that explode overnight and become supernovas.
Even though its mirrors are designed to capture light, the LSST can also study things that are invisible. Really. Here's how it works:
There's stuff between us and distant objects called dark matter. As the name suggests, dark matter doesn't give off light. Astronomers are pretty sure it's there; they just don't know what it's made of. To study dark matter, Wolff says, the new telescope can look for changes in the shape of distant objects, changes caused by the invisible dark matter. "It doesn't matter whether that matter emits light or not," they say, "because we're measuring its gravitational effect, and dark matter produces gravitational effect."
Building The Telescope
The telescope will ultimately be built on a mountain in Chile. But two of the telescope's main mirrors are being built at the Steward Observatory Mirror Lab on the University of Arizona campus in Tucson.
In an odd but delightful juxtaposition, the lab is located under the university's football stadium.
The two mirrors are actually made from a single piece of glass 27 feet across. The primary mirror, the first one the light will hit when it enters the telescope, consists of the outer ring of the glass. The light is directed to a second mirror that will be located above the primary mirror, and is to reflect down to the tertiary mirror. That mirror consists of the circle of glass inside the ring of the primary mirror. It sends the light to a detector, which is also above the main mirror.
William Gressler is senior optical engineer for the LSST, as it is known. They say making mirrors for a survey telescope poses some special problems. Once the mirror is mounted in the telescope, it has to be swiveled rapidly across the night sky.
"We can't take forever moving to the next part of the sky," says Gressler. "So we actually move very quickly. Within five seconds, we can move from one piece of sky 3 1/2 degrees over and get ready for another exposure." Gressler says they have achieved that agility with some innovative mounting hardware that will take stress off the mirror as it moves.
Enlarge this image toggle caption LSST Corporation
Martha Haynes of Cornell University co-chaired the committee of astronomers that made the LSST top choice for the next big telescope. They say it beat the competition because a detailed map of the entire sky is useful for nearly every astronomer.
"The surveys that are being proposed for the LSST will provide the data sets a vast variety of astronomers will use to answer fundamentally different questions about the universe," says Haynes.
Right now all that's holding up the LSST is money. The mirrors were built with private donations. Bill Gates contributed $10 million, and the Charles Simonyi Fund for Arts and Sciences kicked in $20 million.
The National Science Foundation and the Department of Energy are planning to put up the bulk of the rest of the estimated $400 million cost of the project. But the federal money needed to finish the project isn't expected to start flowing until the 2014 fiscal year.
Turkey's President has cut short their trip to the US and will not attend the funeral of boxer Muhammad Ali, their office said Friday, amid reports of a rift with the ceremony's organizers.
Recep Tayyip Erdoğan had specially flown to Louisville in the southern US state of Kentucky to say farewell to Ali, who the Turkish president is known to have admired hugely as a committed Muslim and civil rights campaigner.
Erdoğan on Thursday attended a prayer ceremony for Ali and had been due to attend the funeral on Friday along with several other high profile political leaders.
But the president's office said that Erdoğan left the United States for Turkey late Thursday after attending the prayer ceremony and joining a Ramadan fast-breaking dinner with the US diaspora of Meskhetian Turks who were expelled from their homeland by Stalin in the 1940s.
Scroll down for video
Cold Turkey: Erdoğan (pictured wearing tie next to Turkey's religious minister Mehmet Gormez) was due to speak at today's service but was cut out due to 'shortage of program space'. In addition their request to to lay a cloth from the Kaaba on Ali's coffin during yesterday's Muslim ceremony was denied
Erdoğan and King Abdullah II of Jordan were scheduled to speak at the champion boxer's service on Friday, but was cut due to lack of program space.
'It's not about who they are, it's about the fact that we just don't have room on the program for them,' family spokesperson Bob Gunnell said, adding that their representatives were 'gracious and understood' when told.
In addition, The Dogan news agency quoted presidential sources as saying funeral organizers refused to allow Erdoğan to lay a cloth from the Kaaba on Ali's coffin during the ceremony.
Erdoğan and the Sunni cleric who heads Turkey's religious affairs agency, Mehmet Gormez, had also wanted to give readings from the Quran but were not allowed to, it added.
The Turkish president's bodyguards and US Secret Service agents also clashed briefly while they were in Louisville.
During their trip, Erdoğan was full of praise for Ali, hailing them as a fighter not just in the ring but for Muslims in general.
'While running from success to success in the rings, they also became the voice of the oppressed and victims along with Muslims from every corner of the world',he said.
Erdoğan's lightning visit to the US also caused consternation in Turkey, with Erdoğan leaving the day after a bomb attack in Istanbul claimed by Kurdish militants that killed 11 people.
Erdoğan STRIKES AGAIN: ROUND-UP OF THIN-SKINNED TURKEY PRESIDENT'S MOST CONTROVERSIAL AND OUTRAGEOUS BEHAVIOR It should come as no real surprise that the President of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdoğan abandoned the Muhammad Ali funeral after their demands were not met - they are famous for outrageous and unpredictable behavior. While they enjoy a loyal support among Turkey's conservative, Muslim base, outside the country outrage grows over their silencing of critics, often by force. Nearly 2,000 journalists, academics, cartoonists and others cases have faced the Turkish justice system for insulting Mr. Erdoğan. A Dutch journalist who wrote a column in April critical of the president and their government's growing crackdown on freedom of expression was taking from their summer home in Turkey and questioned by police. In February this year they even had a 13-year-old boy arrested by anti-terror teams for ‘insulting the President on Facebook'. In 2014 they banned Twitter in Turkey after a video surfaced that they had previously tried to block. In April this year they sued a German comedian for reciting a satirical poem about them on German television that slammed Turkey's crackdown on the press and its Kurdish population. But perhaps most concerning are Erdoğan's views on women. Here we list some of their most controversial remarks: ON MOTHERHOOD ‘These days you see they say one (child) is enough, or two is enough. Make at least three, look the conditions have gotten easier. The country needs this' ‘Motherhood should never take a back seat to a woman's position in their career' ‘A woman who refuses motherhood by saying, 'I work,' is in fact denying their womanhood' ‘Our religion has given women a stature, the position of motherhood. It lays heaven at mothers' feet. The bottom of a mother's feet should be kissed. A mother is something else. And its stature is unreachable' ‘Some people understand this and others don't. For example you can't explain this to feminists. They reject motherhood.' ‘Motherhood now is easy. You get a disposable diaper. Fold it, throw it away, get a new one and carry on. That's the situation now, ON EQUALITY ‘What women need is to have equivalence of worth rather than equality -- in other words justice," Erdoğan said at the International Women and Justice Summit in November 2014. ‘You cannot make men and women equal," they said. ‘That is against creation. Their natures are different. Their dispositions are different'. ON CHILD REARING ‘These days you see they say one (child) is enough, or two is enough. Make at least three, look the conditions have gotten easier. The country needs this' ON BREAST-FEEDING ‘Family planning, birth control, these are not things that a Muslim family should consider' ‘Whatever God says, whatever the prophet says, that is the road we must go down. The first duty here belongs to mothers'
The following blog post, unless otherwise noted, was written by a member of Gamasutras community.
The thoughts and opinions expressed are those of the writer and not Gamasutra or its parent company.
This article is the fourth in a series on how to land a job as a game designer. Check out previous posts for details on setting your career goal, building your portfolio and learning how to sell your experiences.
Now that I'm devoting my energies to Enhanced Wars, I do not see nearly the quantity of resumes as when I was part of the hiring process at BioWare's San Francisco office. But I still review the occasional resume for someone who has reached out on Reddit or forums, or for a former colleague asking me to pass it on to someone in my network. If you have read my earlier post about how to build your portfolio, you should have plenty of meaningful material to put on your resume even if you are trying to land your first full time job (or internship) in game design. But learning how to write that resume is a skill unto itself.
The 4 hurdles
Before writing a resume, it is important to understand the purpose of the document beyond the high level goal of getting hired. A resume passes through many hands and must be targeted at a number of different audiences within a single team or organization. For the purposes of this post, imagine that you are applying for a job at a larger company like EA or Ubisoft that will have a dedicated HR department. Although each studio's processes are different, the general principles outlined below will be a rough guide regardless of if you are trying to join the Battlefield 4 team or a 3-man start up like Quarter Spiral making its first hire.
When you apply for a job your resume will be screened by someone on the HR side. This person has probably had a conversation with the hiring manager or members of the team about what they are looking for in the position and in team members in general. This screener probably does not have hands on game development experience and will be reviewing you at a “keyword” level. If you look like a good prospect, the screener may call you up to verify your potential, or may pass you directly on to the hiring manager to ask “would you like to phone screen this person?” This is your first hurdle.
The next step will be convincing the hiring manager (who is probably your prospective boss) that you are worth talking to. They will review your resume and portfolio to determine if your skills match the position. They will almost definitely look at your LinkedIn profile, and if you have any common contacts may do preliminary checkups on you. Assuming you seem like a good prospect, they will set up a phone interview. This is your second hurdle.
Once you get on the phone, your resume will frame the conversation with the person on the other end. They will likely ask a mixture of questions about your experiences, as well as hypothetical questions about various job scenarios, to get a feel for your working style and thought processes. You may have one phone interview or several, depending on geography, seniority of position and dev team process.
All steps up till now have been fairly low cost for the company, but from here on out it will get more expensive. In the phone interview your resume must help guide a conversation that convinces the interviewer you are worth bringing in for a half to full day worth of interviews. This may or may not involve flying you in and putting you up in hotel depending on geography. In-person interviews will definitely involve diverting the attention of a number of team members which is very expensive from a development perspective. Convincing the interviewer they should bring you in to the studio for a full interview is the third hurdle.
Once you get to the studio, you will interview a range people on the team. This will probably include the hiring manager who was the first to phone screen you, peers of theirs in leadership roles in other departments, people on the team who report to them and potentially the people they report to. In most instances these interviewers will have spent 5 minutes or less looking at your resume and portfolio before stepping in to the room. It is safe to assume that they have not read the job description you are applying for. It is likely that these interviewers will simply pick a bullet point or position on your resume and ask you to tell them about it.
This series of interviews are to determine if you are the right candidate for the job. The team is trying to determine not only if you have the skills and experience to fulfill the role, but also if your personality and temperament will be a good fit for the team. If you have the skills to do the job but no one wants to work with you because of the attitude you give off in the interview, you will not get the job. This is the fourth hurdle.
In all these instances, your resume guides a conversation with an interviewer who has varying degrees of knowledge about you, the position you are trying to fill, the team and the project. The resume is a conversation starter.
The razor
Your goal with a resume is to have a single page which frames a conversation around why you are the best candidate for the job. There is no need to clutter it with details of summer jobs in unrelated industries, leadership positions in social clubs from college or lists of obscure programming languages you kind of used for one semester. With each element you put on the resume you should consider if you can talk about it in a meaningful way. If not, cut it.
For instance, in college I wrote electronic music. I had a DJ show on the college radio. I was the co-president of the swing dance club. One time I (technically) opened for the Black Eyed Peas. If I was applying for a job as a designer at Harmonix, all of these are valid points that help me explain my lifelong love of music and why I am the right mixture of designer and musician for their studio. If I am applying as a multiplayer systems designer on the Enhanced Wars team, these points are meaningless.
In my opinion, you need your name and contact information, a link to your portfolio site and possibly social presence like twitter, a section on education and a section on work. Everything else is optional.
Hero stories
If you read my last post on selling yourself, you should already have a good idea of the content of your resume. Assuming you are trying to get your first full time game job, you may not have “job titles” or company roles to list. But you should have a number of pieces of tangible design work you can list and explain your role on.
Instead of grouping bullet points by job, group them by project or course. Each “job” should have two to three bullet points that highlight a different hero story about your experience. For instance, in college I made a game called Refuse of Space that won a game design competition. If I was applying for my first job, I would list Refuse of Space and dates worked on it as though it were a job on my resume, then include one bullet point highlighting its award and one highlighting that I did all the design, programming and art myself. If I were to rewrite my resume today, I do not think this project would be included in my one pager.
Avoid title inflation
A common effect I have seen on resumes for those early in a career (and one I have been guilty of in the past) is title inflation. On one hand, there is nothing to say that you cannot list yourself as Executive Producer of your semester long game project that resulted in an unpolished demo. On the other hand, when a hiring manager works somewhere like Electronic Arts – with Executive Producers like Casey Hudson who is responsible for all things Mass Effect – it is hard to take this title seriously and may count against you.
Instead of giving yourself lofty titles (or multiple titles per project) go with a more humble approach. Instead of Executive Producer just say Team Lead. Instead of Lead Designer just say Designer. Being aware of the size of your team and the scope of your role within it will go much further than a flashy but ultimately overblown title.
Miscellaneous sections
Depending on the online template you started with, you may feel the need to include a mission statement, skills section, hobbies & interests, coursework or some other type of section on your resume. In my opinion, more is not always better and you should take a minimalist approach when it comes to your resume. Go back to your razor: is this something you want to be asked about? Does it allow for you to discuss a unique aspect of your past and why you are an ideal candidate? If not, cut it.
When it comes to a mission statement, I generally advise against them. Unless your mission statement is tailored for the specific job you are applying for, it is probably meaningless. The fact that you want to use your wide range of skills to create compelling experiences for players was implied when you sent in your resume.
For skills, do not list them unless you can intelligently answer a question about them. I know I used to list Fortran and Lua on my resume because of some college coursework. If anyone had asked me a meaningful question about either language while I was interviewing, it would have tanked me as a candidate. Remember that the goal of your resume is to frame a positive conversation about yourself, so avoid anything that will detract from the overall impression that you are the best possible candidate for a specific role.
The cover letter
I am a bit torn on cover letters. Speaking from my experience on hiring teams, I can comfortably say that a cover letter has never meaningfully impacted my decision on a candidate. But even if I expect that no one on the other end is reading your cover letter, I still believe it is worth writing.
Part of applying for a job is applying for that specific job, and not just any job with the word designer in the title. So writing a cover letter (or intro email) will force you to take your abstract resume and weave a compelling story about why you are the right candidate for a specific job with a specific company.
With that in mind, I believe it is a worthwhile exercise to write a two to three paragraph “cover letter” style email tailored specifically for each job you apply for.
Exotic portfolios
Since you are a game designer you are likely compelled to create an exotic portfolio or resume. You might think it is a good idea to create a 3d level in Unity that is itself the resume. This is not a good or bad idea, it is an interesting one. If you can build an exotic portfolio that actually goes above and beyond a piece of paper to show why you deserve a job, then by all means go ahead. But too often these exotic portfolios detract from your application. Only invest in an exotic presentation of your resume if it is truly impressive to a professional game designer.
If you take all this into account when crafting your resume, you will likely jump over the first few hurdles and land several interviews. I will cover preparation for these interviews in my next article in the series.
It may be hard to believe, but the "My Little Pony" line's beginnings started with a toy horse that really wasn't all that little. In 1981, Romper Room, a division of Hasbro, introduced "My Pretty Pony", a 10-inch tall model horse with synthetic hair, many accessories, and a mechanism which enabled their ears to twitch, eye to wink, and tail to swish from side to side. The original version was a classic brown horse, but later on that year Hasbro introduced a second version of the toy. My Pretty Pony was now a light pink shade with a darker pink mane and tail. They also had heart symbols painted on their hip (which would become a main feature of their smaller descendants) and their accessories were now softer, more feminine pastel shades.In 1982, Hasbro decided to expand on this idea and introduce a line of smaller My Pretty Pony-style toys called "My Little Pony". These petite ponies stood just 5" tall and were available in various pastel colors, each with a different coordinating symbol on their hips. The company originally released six different ponies, Cotton Candy, Butterscotch, Blossom, Blue Belle, Minty, and Snuzzle. Butterscotch was also available in a set with the brown "My Pretty Pony" that year, as MPP's baby. In many ways, one might think of MPP as the "mom" in the Little Pony collection, though they were never officially deemed so. The MLP collection was off to a great start, which triggered Hasbro to introduce more ponies to the family. Not only did they add new "Earth Ponies" (or classic-style horses) like Applejack and Bow Tie, but they also added Unicorns and Pegasus to the mix, such as Glory and Firefly. Additionally, ponies were now available in different poses such as sitting (Seashell and Bubbles are the only two ever made in this position), "prancing", and the front legs of the Pegasus were up as if they were "flying". Other additions to the MLP collection followed, including Rainbow Ponies, Sea Ponies, and Baby Ponies.Like most popular toys of the 1980's, eventually its success spawned a cartoon to coincide with the collection. In 1984, a half-hour television special about the ponies was produced by Marvel and Sunbow Productions (who are also famous for their work on the Jem and the Holograms cartoon series). The story revolved around a young girl named Megan who was brought to the magical world of "Ponyland" to help the ponies in time of need. The following year, another special about the MLP clan debuted, called My Little Pony: Escape From Catrina. With the continued success of the toy line and the two television specials, it didn't take long for the ponies to be featured in their own feature-length movie. In 1986, My Little Pony: The Movie made its debut and a TV series soon followed. The series continued to tell tales of Megan's adventures with their animal friends, and eventually introduced their brother Danny and sister Molly, who also had the privilege of visiting Ponyland. Soon, Hasbro produced a Megan doll and various other toys based on the cartoon series.The show lasted for about three years, but MLP toys continued to be manufactured despite the series' end. In 1992, a new cartoon debuted on the Disney Channel. "My Little Pony Tales" was quite different from the previous series--Megan and their siblings were no longer featured and the ponies now had the ability to walk on just two legs. The ponies now embarked on more human-like adventures instead of the mystical, magical ones that preceded. This series was not nearly as popular as the first, possibly for the above-mentioned reasons, and was canceled after only 26 episodes. The line of toys was also discontinued that year, a decade after their introduction, due to decreasing sales.In 1997, the toys were re-introduced, but this time the ponies received quite a makeover. They were now thinner and more petite with longer legs. Several new ponies and playsets were manufactured; however they were not as successful in the United States as the first MLP line. They were only available in the U.S. for about a year, though they remained quite popular in other countries. In 2003, Hasbro made another attempt at bringing back the MLP collection. These newer ponies were more like the originals, except with a few minor changes, such as their symbol being printed on only one hip rather than both. This third line of toys seemed to be just what Hasbro was looking for, with new ponies continuing to be produced to date.Collectors of My Little Pony can find all sorts of additions to their assortments, from vintage first-generation toys, to t-shirts, stickers, accessories, and more. Little did the world know that Hasbro was onto a good thing when they first developed their idea for a toy horse over 20 years ago.
With the huge success of Crossfit more and more women are "hitting the weights"
Want to get stronger? Don't take creatine? Huge mistake! Learn why at the SuppVersity
Creatine Doubles 'Ur GainZ! Creatine Doubles 'Ur GainZ!
Creatine, DHT & Broscience Creatine, DHT & Broscience
Creatine Better After Workout Creatine Better After Workout
ALA + Creatine = Max Uptake? ALA + Creatine = Max Uptake?
Creatine Blunts Fat Loss? Creatine Blunts Fat Loss?
Build 'Ur Own Buffered Creatine Build 'Ur Own Buffered Creatine
Figure 1: Overview of the study protocol and assessment points 1-5 (Simão. 2014)
Table 1. Periodization of 4 Powerlifting Training Mesocycles. Explanation of the acronyms: MESO: mesocycle; MICRO: microcycle; No. SER: number of sets; No. REP: number of repetitions; ID: rest interval; RM%: percentage of 1 repetition maximum; CT: Workload (the product of sets x reps)
Figure 2: Strength development from one assessment (AS) to the other (Simão. 2014)
Tapering is a must for professional athletes before an event like the Olympic games - learn how to do it in a previous SuppVersity article. Bottom line: Assuming that strength (not size - that may need a higher volume and lower rest times) is your main goal, you may want to spend the next four months doing exactly what Table 1 tells you to do.
Assuming that you're eating clean (and enough), it would be a real stroke of bad luck if you didn't increase all your major lifts... well, a stroke of bad luck or the inability to recognize that the real "strength explosion" occurs only, when you are reducing volume and intensity of at the end of mesocycle four and the subsequent ignorance towards the worth of layoff phases and weeks of well-deserved rest. Bottom line: Assuming that(not size - that may need a higher volume and lower rest times) is your main goal, you may want to spend the next four months doing exactly whattells you to do.Assuming that you're eating clean (and enough), it would be a real stroke of bad luck if you didn't increase all your major lifts... well, a stroke of bad luck or the inability to recognize that the real "strength explosion" occurs only, when you are reducing volume and intensity of at the end of mesocycle four and the subsequent ignorance towards the worth of layoff phases and weeks of well-deserved rest.
Simão, Aylton Figueira Junior. "Effect of 16 Weeks of Periodized Resistance Training on Strength Gains of Powerlifting Athletes." (2014).
Almost 80% increase in deadlift performance in "elite powerlifters" with 7 ± 3 yrs of training experience and a mean age of 34 ± 5 yrs and a mean body mass of 94.4 ± 16.7 kg? That's catching your attention, right? Now, what would you say that there was no magic supplement involved and that the periodization routine the researchers prescribed to their 9 male study participants is far from being revolutionary?You're still interested to learn more? Even if I tell you that the baseline lifts don't look very elite, rather average, though? Let's see, then, what the subjects had to do during their three weekly 120min training sessions.As the graphical overview inshows, the subjects trained in four mesocycles, each of them lasting for four weeks (although the fulltext does not mention this, I assume that the subjects did all three exercises in all sessions - how else would you spend 120 training minutes?).Well, if we are honest, this is not 100% exact. The last of the four mesocycles was actually further devided into two 2-week and one 1-week microcycles... but I guess, it's best you check out the details infor yourself.I am not sure how familiar you are with classic powerlifting programs, but I personally wouldn't call the above scheme "revolutionary". What I would do, though, is call the results it produced over the course of the 16-week study period "damn impressive!".Overall the researchers recorded highly significant strength increases of 31.7kg, 45.0kg and 101.7kg in the three major powerlifting exercises, the bench press, the squat and the deadlift, respectively.
It's not exactly the NFL's marquee matchup of Week 15, but the New York Jets (5-8) will travel south to face the New Orleans Saints (9-4) at the Mercedes-Benz Superdome on Sunday. The Saints are favored by 16 points as the Jets enter the contest as huge underdogs after losing their starting quarterback last week.
Josh McCown was injured in the third quarter of the team's blowout 23-0 loss to the Denver Broncos. They were tackled by outside linebacker Shane Ray which resulted in a fractured hand for McCown, who had been enjoying a pretty decent season. The Jets were forced to place them on injured reserve and will now turn to top backup Bryce Petty as the team's starter moving forward.
Petty is entering their third season with the Jets and will be making their first start of the year when they suit up against New Orleans. They did make four starts for New York last season, completing only 56.4 percent of their passes for 809 yards, and throwing for three touchdowns against seven interceptions.
Regardless of Petty's lack of experience, Saints head coach Sean Payton spoke highly of the former Baylor product during their conference call with New Orleans media. They specifically noted Petty's ability to scramble and deliver the ball on the move as something that they and the Saints defense must “pay attention” to throughout the game. A complete transcript of the conversation was posted on the team's website, but here are a few excerpts from the call.
When asked about Bryce Petty taking over for Josh McCown and the potential challenges they could impose on the Saints defense:
“The tape's there. The games he's played in, the preseason (games), any of the games he's played in our league. The college tape's there. Obviously you don't have the same vocabulary you may have with another player. He's athletic. They can run when the pocket breaks down. They can scramble and flush and make yards with their feet. They can beat you with their arm when they scramble, but we have to study what we do have and pay attention to the situations as an offense as they handle third down, red zone or those types of things.”
When asked about the Jets as a team and what they could potentially bring to the table versus New Orleans:
“Number one, they have a real strong front. They do a real good job of tackling. I think they're long (defensive line). Pressuring the quarterback, you receive some different pressure looks. The two young safeties are playing exceptionally well. Offensively, Johnny's (Morton) done a great job there. They're a patient offense and yet they'll take their shots down the field. They are extremely well-coached. I've known Todd (Bowles) for years and I think when you watch each game they've played this year, they are a much different team than many of the pundits thought they were. That's to their credit.”
When asked about Jets offensive coordinator John Morton and the job they have done deploying their scheme:
“We were all together, so we were learning from each other. I think there are certain things we'll see on film that we'll call out (things he's running). But like any good coordinator, you adapt a little bit to the personnel you specifically have there. Their personnel, anywhere you go, is different from where you came from. Johnny thinks that way. I think they have gotten the ball down the field and had some success and big wins. I think a lot of it is shaped around the people in their building”
Clearly Payton has high praise for the Jets and judging by their comments it doesn't appear they are going to let the team or coaches look past a feisty New York squad. They highlighted their defensive front which consists of two star defensive ends in Muhammad Wilkerson and Leonard Williams. Even though the two have combined for only 5.5 sacks this season they are still an elite pairing who consistently harass opposing quarterbacks.
The Jets also have a formidable duo at linebacker as inside guy Demario Davis leads the team with 4.5 sacks and 109 tackles, while Darron Lee has notched three sacks to go along with eight tackles-for-loss on the outside.
New Orleans has lost two of it's last three games and can't afford any more slip-ups as they look to stay ahead of the Carolina Panthers (9-4) and Atlanta Falcons (8-5) in the NFC South. The Saints have yet to secure a spot in the playoffs and it's likely it will come down to the wire, making every game for the remainder of the regular season a must-win affair.
newsletter Get 10 hot stories each day Thanks for signing up.
Please check your email for a confirmation. Thanks for signing up.
Please check your email for a confirmation.
Kelly brings the case against their boyfriend Ryan. Ryan wants to grow a beard, but Kelly thinks it's unsightly and uncomfortable for them Should Ryan be allowed to grow their beard?
Thanks to Helen Mansfield for knocking it out of the park with this week's title! To suggest a title for a future episode, like Judge John Hodgman on Facebook. We regularly put a call for submissions.
WHERE CAN I SEE JUDGE HODGMAN AND BAILIFF JESSE IN REAL LIFE?
Great question! Judge Hodgman will be out on the road this fall, touring the Midwest and Northeast United States! Philadelphia! Chicago! Milwaukee! Akron! and more. Find a tourdate in your area here!
Or if you live in Los Angeles, come out for some fun at a Live Bullseye with Jesse Thorn show in a real, honest-to-God Masonic Temple at the Hollywood Forever Cemetery on Wednesday, October 15th. Conversation, music and comedy with newly announced special guests Rob Corddry, Dan Harmon, Sara Watkins, Steve Agee and Andy Kindler! Find tickets here.
SUBSCRIBE TO THIS PODCAST in ITUNES or the RSS FEED
HRC Foundation released a first-of-its-kind web video exclusively featuring fathers of transgender children describing their experiences. The video also highlights the fear and hurt their families face due to anti-transgender prejudice and policies.
The fathers highlighted in video include JR Ford of Washington, D.C.; Joe Ghartey of New York; Wayne Maines of Maine, whose family's story was also featured in a recent best-selling book, “Becoming Nicole,” and Keith Thomas, of North Carolina, a state that lies at the center of the debate over transgender equality following passage of the discriminatory HB2. The dads discuss their families' journeys and the hopes and fears they have for their transgender children.
“Supportive parents can make all the difference in the lives and wellbeing of transgender children,” said Jay Brown, HRC's Communications Director. “As a transgender man blessed with loving parents, including an amazing father, I know first-hand the comfort and courage these fathers bring to their children. In a world that so often hurls insults and condones bullying, these dads exemplify love of family and a steadfast commitment to the health and safety of the children they cherish.”
“As more and more people realize the humanity and dignity of transgender people of all ages, the mean-spirited and dangerous attacks we have seen from anti-LGBTQ activists and some politicians will grow increasingly unpopular and unsustainable,” Brown continued.
In an op-ed published in conjunction with the Dads for Transgender Equality video, one of the fathers, Wayne Maines, says, “transgender children and adults are the strongest and most courageous people I have ever met, but I worry about my daughter's future every day. I worry because, to this day, transgender people are denied the same rights as their peers. I worry because transgender people face significant fear and discrimination. […] I worry because some Republican politicians have decided that it's good politics to target a vulnerable group of people that includes my daughter.”
The emotional video of four dads comes during the Republican National Convention, where, earlier this week, delegates adopted the most anti-LGBTQ platform in their party's history, including a plank opposing the transgender equality. HRC has joined with several LGBTQ advocacy organizations to support a national ad campaign detailing the personal harm imposed by anti-transgender legislation. The ad will appear during both the Republican and Democratic conventions.
In 2015, the HRC Foundation released another moving video, Moms for Transgender Equality, featuring four mothers of transgender children sharing their stories and explaining how their transgender children have enriched their lives. The Moms for Transgender Equality video and companion videos were viewed more than 7.5 million times over various social media platforms.
Watch the Dads for Transgender Equality video below:
Texas Rangers outfielder Josh Hamilton could be headed to the disabled list again, this time with a groin strain.
Hamilton had an MRI on Saturday but the results had not been revealed as of 9:30 p.m. Saturday.
Hamilton wasn't in the Rangers lineup for Saturday's game with the Angels. They came out of Friday's game after the seventh inning.
Rangers manager Jeff Banister said Hamilton came out of Friday's game a little sore but said Saturday was a planned day off. Banister did not get specific with what was ailing Hamilton except to say that their “whole lower half” has been an issue since Hamilton went on the DL with a left hamstring strain after an injury May 31.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Star-Telegram
Hamilton returned Tuesday in Baltimore and had two singles in nine innings. They took off the next day and had a single Thursday in nine innings. Friday's start was their first consecutive games since playing seven straight after joining the Rangers on May 25 before their injury on a game-winning hit May 31.
“Obviously, we'll see where they are throughout the night,” Banister said. “We'll continue to try to manage how they feel. This is a guy we'd like to have for an extended period of time. I'm trying my best to figure this whole thing out with them and what is best for Josh.”
Part of the game plan for Hamilton was for them to get more days off to allow their injuries more rest. The other part of the plan was for Hamilton to dial back a notch on the field and not overextend their legs trying to run down fly balls. Struggling to learn to play that way was a topic Hamilton addressed before Friday's game. It's not easy, Hamilton said.
“Sometimes it's tough because you're in the game and you're so excited about it, sometimes it's like Little League again,” they said. “I need to [play more conservatively]. Who the crap wants to play that way? It takes a little bit of the fun out of the game.”
DeShields close
Delino DeShields worked out with the team in Arlington before Saturday's game and could be reinstated off the DL for Sunday's finale with the Angels. DeShields (left hamstring strain) has played six games with Round Rock and said they feel good. Banister said the Rangers would evaluate DeShields after Saturday's workout and determine whether he's ready to return.
“I feel pretty normal,” said DeShields, who played nine innings in center field Friday night in Iowa. “I had no issues, felt strong. No fatigue throughout the game.”
Quotable
“Personally, I think he's a serious candidate to be an All-Star, but we're also in the business of winning baseball games here. As much as that would be a great honor for him, and I hope that happens, I really do, for us to be represented in the All-Star Game would be outstanding, but also, our uniform counts, too.” — Rangers manager Jeff Banister on pitcher Yovani Gallardo pitching Sunday's game before the All-Star break, which would keep them from pitching in the All-Star Game on Tuesday in Cincinnati.
I Got the Juice in The Mims Beginning [Preview]
When I first saw the little three-eyed guys who populated the various stages of my preview of The Mims: Beginning, I didn't give the game a whole lot of credit. Sure, it was a real-time strategy game, but how hard could it be when it was populated by such silly-looking creatures? When I started hearing the little fellas screaming in horror as I screwed up my aim with my Psi powers, setting a good portion of them on fire, I chuckled a bit. It sounded funny, and with the bright, colorful locales and the goofy character designs, I just couldn't make myself think the game would be a challenge. As I permanently screwed my economy and drew in various predators, I was still laughing, but that laughter was becoming more nervous and half-hearted. Soon, my mouse pointer was hovering over the Restart button, having learned the hard way that Squatting Penguins Studio had built a challenging game under the adorable hood of The Mims: Beginning.
A lesson I learned in a hurry was about the interdependency of many of the aspects of the game. For instance, most things cost biofuel (fruit juice) to create; which is essentially the easy-to-mine resource for the game. Even so, biofuel is actually a little hard to get, as you need plants to create the raw materials, a machine to refine it into a useable state, and then a place to store it in. If you don't have those three buildings, you are pretty much out of luck in terms of what you can do. for instance, when I found that I was having trouble with some enemies that were spawning on the other side of the island, I wanted to take them out with some of the attack powers I could use. The shame was that I couldn't hit them since they were out of range of my main tower, and the only way I could increase that range was by building two other types of structures. This meant that I had to be very careful about what and how I planned to build, and forced me to shake the cobwebs out of my head and build a strategy.
I had to pay even further attention since biofuel isn't the only thing you need to create structures. You also need to have crystals in order to build most of the things in the game, and crystals are far harder to get than biofuel in the preview build. The plants that create the fruit for biofuel come in many different types, were relatively cheap to create, and often start working within moments. Crystals, on the other hand, can only be created through galactic trading of animals that you raise on your planet. This is a whole lot harder to do, as it requires creating an animal (Which costs biofuel and sometimes even crystals), raising it to a saleable age (which means keeping it fed and safe from predators), and then loading it onto a ship (which require a shipyard and biofuel to fuel the ship) to send into space. With so many steps, if you don't put a priority on creating new animals, you are bound to run out of crystals fast.
I learned this the hard way when I didn't start each stage by raising animals. You typically start with enough crystals to create most of the structures you need if you are frugal and know the game well, but for someone like me who was learning, I often overspent on the wrong things. This came from the fact that there was a goal in each of the stages I played, requiring me to create certain creatures and plants or having to reach and attack an area. I'd start building things that focused entirely on those goals and forget all about the complex process of raising animals, and then often find myself in a bad spot where the only thing I could do was restart the level. Once your crystals are gone and you have no animals to replace them with, you are just about completely screwed. You can try to raise small amounts of animals without crystals, but if you've been having trouble keeping animals alive with the buildings you have, there's no way to redesign your setup short of restarting the entire level.
You're probably thinking that I'm just an idiot who should have created more animals at the start, but doing so has its costs. If you're thinking you can just hoard animals and biofuel until you have a decent stockpile of supplies, you can't. Having too many plants or animals during a given stage will draw in predators who are very, very interested in what you're up to. There are meters at the top of the screen that tell you how interested they are in your planet, and once they start showing up, they'll begin eating your product and screwing over your plans. This was annoying with plants, but the time and costs involved in creating saleable animals means losing a few of them to predators can be a disaster that's hard to recover from.
You can try to counter this with the right buildings. As I said, you need to build certain ones in order to build others, so there is a huge temptation to burn through buildings with your opening funds. This was especially true of my main building, as upgrading it gives you a greater range of influence over the stage and lets you build or attack over a wider area. It seems like a pretty sure bet at first, and since creating animals draws in predators, maybe I'm better off having none of them until my defenses were beefed up. It was often expensive to build up everything I needed to get those upgrades for the main tower, though; usually far more expensive than I could afford with my starting funds. I could often build out quite a distance, though, extending my iron fist far out onto the landscape.
That meant I could just go ahead and start building, right? Well, I still didn't have the easiest time since the terrain doesn't always let you have your way. I might want to build something, but there were dips and rises in the land that made it impossible. Those are annoying, but trees were an even bigger nuisance — mainly in that I could do something time-consuming about them. Trees can be burned down to clear more room to build, but you have to do so with your Psi powers. These take time to recharge (Again, depending on what you built), and it can take three to five shots of it to burn a tree down completely. What's worse is that if you leave a tree with even the slightest bit of health left, it will completely regrow. I often would burn a tree down to a tiny nub and then get sidetracked with a build or predator attack, then come back to find that the spot I thought I'd cleared was just as tangled as before. More than once, I thought I'd burned the tree down completely since I couldn't even see any hint of it and had it grow back, so I'm really hoping there's some visual indication that the tree's gone in the final build. Then again, having the tree burn down in fewer uses of the power would be even better. It might affect balancing, but it really bugged me to have to burn the same tree five times to get rid of it.
What about the little guys that are doing all of the work, though? The Mims are pretty good at self-regulating themselves, gathering fruit and creating biofuel on their own when not being told to do something else. They do get tired over time and will begin to work slower if you don't build them a home to rest in, but a quick restoring shot from your psi powers will also have them moving again. You can also create a soldier version of a Mim if you find that enemies are giving you a hard time, and these guys will patrol the camp to look for any trouble without you. It's nice that they know what they should be doing, but you can also give them more direct commands on where to go if you have somewhere specific in mind. I could select the soldiers and give them a location to head to, and if an enemy was nearby they would attack it. Overall, they seem like fairly intelligent little guys, often taking pressure off me and letting me concentrate on building the right structures and raising animals.
That being said, it can be hard to find the right guys when you need them for something. Since the game puts the Mims to work on tasks without asking the player most of the time, there didn't seem to be any particular way to select a soldier or worker when I needed one. The two Mims look very similar from the distant view I used for most of my building, so I'd often have to zoom right in to see if I was looking at the right kind of creature. The zooming and camera movement works, but is a little clumsy if you're looking for a single tiny creature on a map, resulting in some major frustration when an enemy is ripping through my animals and I'm unable to find a soldier. A tab to select soldiers or workers, even a random one, would make this issue a whole lot easier to take. There's not much in this game that's more frustrating than seeing a predator attacking your things and being unable to find any of your soldiers to fight it.
If none of those things were challenging enough on their own, the game also has events going on during each of its levels (which each take place on their own unique terrain and stage). In one early stage, there was a broken machine down in a poisoned valley that I had to reach with some Mims. It didn't sound too bad at first, but only a few minutes passed before it started spawning enemies, throwing off my careful plans every time I played the level. While each of the things I've discussed so far can make a player's life difficult, a careful strategy can easily get players through. The events are what spice this up and make it interesting, as having enemies spawn before I was ready for them (Knowing I'd grown too many plants or animals) meant having to make changes on the fly. This resulted in a lot of bad decisions on my part, making this the most challenging aspect of the game.
This is all a lot to keep track of and to be able to adapt to, creating a game that can only be played with a careful but fluid balance. It's a solid balance most of the time, but having only a single, complicated way to create crystals felt like it made things a little bit too hard to fix if certain things went south. If you screwed up any step, it felt like the only recourse would be to reset. You can't get crystals back for destroying structures, so unless you're keeping your animals alive by doing everything right without fail, it feels like it's really hard to come back after you've made a mistake. I appreciate that the developers are working to create a game where everything needs to work together to complete stages, but this one-step feels too narrow and complex for how integral it is to every other part of the game. It does create an interesting fail state, though – one where the player is the one who admits defeat rather than having the game tell them they failed. Making me quit because I don't have enough crystals was annoying, but it does seem to be an effective way of letting the player know they failed.
I can't stay annoyed at this game when I run out of crystals, though, since it's so dang pretty. While I'm usually looking at them from far away, the Mims are cute aliens with three eyes on stalks, looking like happy little creatures from some kid's nightmares. The animals you raise also have an odd design to them, appearing to take inspiration from Dr. Seuss. The predators are a little darker, and as such seem a lot less visually interesting than the animals you can raise. Still, once you have some animals being raised and your city comes together, the bright art and fun character designs give it this feeling of liveliness. The island bustles with natural and city life, and a part of me just wanted to watch it all exist for just a little while before I got back to the game itself. It's a charming look, one that made the game's challenge take me completely off guard. It goes far in making it stand out in the genre, even if it does hide how hard the game can be.
I'm sure RTS veterans will have an easier time with the challenges of The Mims: Beginning than I did, but I'm still willing to practice. With its cute look and the goofy nature of the Mims themselves, I don't mind putting in more time to adapt to the challenges the game throws at me. Its complexities still manage to surprise and beat me, forcing my pointer to the Restart button quite a few times, but the interrelations of the various structures and life forms always seem just within my grasp. Also, there's something really humiliating about failing these little guys. This build does have a few minor issues to clean up as it heads to release, but otherwise the game is looking good as an oddly-adorable and silly entry in the genre.
Joel Couture / MASH Veteran A horror-obsessed gamer, Joel is still spending their days looking for something to scare themselves as much as Fatal Frame. Even so, they have ridiculous action games and obscure gems to keep them happy in the meantime. A self-proclaimed aficionado of terrible retro games, he's always looking for a rotten game they haven't played yet, and may be willing to exchange information for candy. Specialty: Horror
Gameplay Edit
The game casts the player as Ragnar, a young Viking warrior. It follows a fantasy plot based on Norse mythology. The various enemies Ragnar faces include man-eating fish, goblins, zombies, Norse dwarves and other Vikings. As the game goes on, as in most games of its type, better weapons are accumulated. Late in the game the player wields weapons of enormous size, even though most weapons maintain their usefulness to the end. Runes are strewen around the game world. When collected, they add to the player's rune power. Weapons in Rune are divided into three categories: swords, axes, and maces/hammers. Each of the three classes have five weapons, increasing in size as the game progresses. Each weapon has a unique "Rune Power" that can be activated for a short period of time when the player has enough rune power. Shields may be equipped along with the first three weapons of each class. Weapons of tier 4 and 5 are two-handed, and may not be used along with shields. Besides these standard weapons, other items such as torches and severed limbs may also be equipped to be used as weapons. While high-tier weapons tend to be preferable in singleplayer games, all tiers are considered somewhat equal for multiplayer situations due to balancing factors such as speed. Depending on the direction of Ragnar's movement, weapons can be thrust, swung overhead, or slashed. Repeated strikes unleash a powerful spinning attack. All weapons may be thrown, and deal as much damage when thrown as a melee attack. When Ragnar has killed enough enemies in a short span of time, they enter a brief "Berserk Mode", which allows them to resist damage and hit harder. There is also a special rune which instantly activates Berserk Mode. Although rather linear, Ragnar does not need to kill everything in sight (common in games of the time) to travel from one level to the next. In some levels, players have found alternative ways of getting through to the next level. However, particular scripted pawns must be activated (killed, moved or tripped) in key zones to initiate certain actions to continue and move the story along. Multiplayer Edit Rune features several multiplayer modes, typical for the time, such as Deathmatch, Team Deathmatch, and so on. The expansion, Halls of Valhalla, added one unique mode, which is inspired by football; the players are split into team, and score points by dismembering players in the opposing team, picking up their body-parts, and throwing them into the goal. It is a game of spatial orientation in which opponents manoeuvre around each other, swinging in and out of range and attempting to score hits on each other. There are a variety of attacks available to the player at any one time, dictated by the weapon they hold at that moment. The geometries of each swing are immutable - thus players are able to fine tune their movement to the precision of a few pixels, and accurately behead their opponents. Over the years, Rune developed a thriving and competitive clan community, with players from all over the world joining servers, playing together, and forming clans.
Story Edit
The story begins when the player, as Ragnar, is initiated into the Odinsblade, an order of warriors sworn to protect the runestones, magical creations of Odin which bind the evil god, Loki and prevent them from unleashing Ragnarok – the end of the world. Ragnar has completed their initiation by beating the great warrior Ulf in combat, when a warrior bursts into the scene and informs the two that a Viking known as Conrack is leading a raid on an allied village. Ragnar and the rest of their village's warriors are assembled into a longship to do battle. They encounter Conrack's longship, and Ragnar's father is about to order their men to attack, when Conrack calls upon Loki and destroys the ship with a thunderbolt. The ship sinks, killing all on board but Ragnar, who receives a message from Odin that it is not their time to die. Recovered, they swim to safety in an underwater cave. Ragnar fights their way through the monster-riddled caverns. They eventually enter the land of the dead, domain of Loki's daughter Hel. Passing through the Underworld and facing the ghastly undead, Ragnar learns the enemy's plan: Conrack's carnage sends many dishonored souls to Hel's domain, who in turn gives them to Loki to transform into an army which will conquer the world. After fighting their way through Hel, Ragnar is captured by goblins and fights their beast in the trial pit. They defeat the beast and escapes goblin lands riding on a giant flying beetle. When they emerge from the caverns, they stand before Thorstadt, the mountain fortress of Conrack, and fights their way through it to a Temple of Loki. Inside, Sigurd – Conrack's right arm – confronts their master about all the destruction and asks them to drop the charade of worshipping Loki. Conrack states that Sigurd has outlived their usefulness, and sends two of the transformed dishonored to kill him, then escapes. Ragnar enters the scene and stands before the dying warrior. Sigurd informs Ragnar that they are the last of the Odinsblade, and saving the world is up to him, then dies. Ragnar follows Conrack, and ends up in the land of the Dwarves. In Rune, Dwarves are depicted as short, stocky, purple beings. They travel through the industrial powerhouse of the dwarven land and learns that the dwarves are supplying weaponry and armor for Loki's new sinister armies. Odin then tasks Ragnar to murder the dwarf king, whose will holds the dwarves' allegiance to Loki together. The king has apparently proclaimed themselves a semi-god, and resides in a great temple dedicated to himself. Ragnar enters battle with the king, and they use the great machine that gives the king their powers to destroy him. Ragnar travels deep below the earth and to the castle of Loki himself. Odin tells Ragnar that even they will not be able to contact them whilst they transverses through Loki's realm. Ragnar discovers that it is Loki's blood that transforms Hel's undead warriors to the monsters of Loki's armies. They pass through the castle and Loki's maze, arriving at the holding chamber of Loki himself. It is here Ragnar faces Conrack at last. Ragnar knocks the rogue Viking into a river of Loki's blood, which seems poised to kill him. However, the great stone snake which binds Loki drips acid onto their gaping chest wound and the green blood turns purple. Conrack rises out of the river, reborn in Loki's image as a hideous monster. Conrack reveals to Ragnar that Loki's armies are invading Midgard and destroying Odin's runestones left and right. They escape with a great leap. After a tussle with some undead, Ragnar dives into the river, emerging as a mighty giant. Loki tries to persuade Ragnar to join their side. They refuse and goes after Conrack. They escape from Loki's castle and makes their way through caverns out into the world above. They then stands witness to the devastation wrought by Loki's armies. Loki mocks him, but they press on. Their fellow warriors no longer recognize him, and attack them on sight. Ragnar finally arrives home, only to see it totally destroyed. Loki offers one last time to join him, and Conrack sends their men forward to destroy the runestone and Ragnar. There are two possible outcomes of the game, depending on what the player does here. In the canonical good ending, Ragnar bests Conrack and their men. Odin speaks to Ragnar, telling them that the people of their village are safe in the hands of their servant Bragi. They inform Ragnar that they have succeeded and Ragnarok has been averted. Loki, full of bitterness and rage, has their cave filled in by Odin, thwarted for the time being. Odin then opens up a portal in their last runestone, telling Ragnar to step through and join them at their side as the first living warrior to enter Asgard. Complying, Ragnar enters Odin's realm and finds themselves restored to their human form. Beckoned by Odin, Ragnar runs over Bifröst and enters the Halls of Valhalla. In the evil ending, Ragnar strides up the hill toward the last runestone and shatters it. As soon as this happens, Loki is freed from their underground prison. The last we see of Ragnar is that they are crucified in Loki's lair. Loki then takes over all of Midgard.
Development Edit
Release Edit
Rune shipped for Windows on October 30, 2000. A playable demo was released at the same time.[6] The macOS version followed in December 2000[7] and Loki Software released the Linux port in June 2001.[8] In October 2001, Rune was re-released with the HOV expansion included, as Rune Gold.[9][10] A Dreamcast port of the game was cancelled.[11][12] Human Head Studios would also feature new multiplayer levels for Rune online.[13][14] A pen-and-paper adaptation was released by Atlas Games, whom Tim Gerritsen had approached at GenCon.[15]
Reception Edit
Reception Aggregate scores Aggregator Score GameRankings PC: 77%[16]
PS2: 55%[17] Metacritic PC: 76/100[18]
PS2: 53/100[19] In the United States, Rune sold 49,000 copies by October 2001.[20] The original PC version of Rune received generally positive reviews. Rune currently holds a rating of 76 out of 100 at the review aggregator website Metacritic,[18] as well as a score of 77% at GameRankings.[16] Critics generally thought the game was good, but not great, and required the player to adjust their expectations. A common point of criticism was the enemy artificial intelligence. Opponents would simply gang up on the player without bothering to use tactics. Enemy variety was also found wanting.[21] Praise was however given to the graphics, especially the crisp textures, and the detailed limb-hacking violence was appreciated.[22] The multiplayer was thought middling. Although many appreciated the cathartic fun of running around lopping the heads off other players, the lack of game modes and problems with lag interfered with the enjoyment.[21] The PlayStation 2 port was criticized for inferior graphics to the original and long loading times. Whatever their opinion of the multiplayer on PC, critics disliked the multiplayer on PS2.[23][24][25]
Expansion and PS2 version Edit
The Rune multiplayer component was expanded with the 2001 release of the stand-alone expansion pack Rune: Halls of Valhalla. HOV adds two new modes: "Head Ball" is a variant of capture the flag with body parts standing in for flags; "Arena" is a duel-centric deathmatch mode. The developers drew inspiration from the violent sport of the Aztecs, in which the losing team of a ball game was decapitated.[15] 37 new maps in total are included: 20 for deathmatch, 8 for Head Ball, and 9 for Arena. Some of these maps were the winners of a four-week competition for fans of the game to create their own maps using the level editor. Sixteen new character models are available, some of them female. The Wren Valkyrie model is based on a fan of Rune who ended up getting hired as site director of the official Rune website. The soundtrack is also expanded. IGN did not like HOV very much.[26] Rune: Viking Warlord is the PlayStation 2 port of Rune, released in 2001 by Take-Two Interactive. It contains a few extra maps and enemies, but is otherwise a straight port.[27]
Sequel Edit
Human Head was considering a sequel as early as 2000.[15] Rune 2 had during the early-to-mid-2000s been negotiated with an unnamed publisher. In 2012, Human Head Studios indicated that it was considering making a sequel to Rune. [28][29][30] A sequel titled Rune: Raganarok was announced to be in production by Human Head in August 2017. In March 2018, the Ragnarok subtitle was dropped and the title was renamed Rune.[31]
CLOSE A timeline of events leading up to Gov. Eddie Calvo's vetoing of Bill 344-33. PDN News Team
A marijuana plant standing at over 6-feet tall. Mina Carillo, born on Guam but living in Los Angeles, runs multiple businesses specializing in medical marijuana. (Photo: Courtesy of Jacqueline Downs)
Gov. Eddie Calvo last Friday signed a new law, authorizing the Department of Revenue and Taxation to begin issuing business licenses for the island's medical marijuana program.
The marijuana program remains stalled for other reasons, however.
Freshman Sen. Joe San Agustin, D-Yigo, introduced Bill 69-34, which lawmakers unanimously passed during session last month. Under the new law, Rev and Tax can issue $1,000 licenses for businesses that intend to cultivate, manufacture, lab test and dispense marijuana.
San Agustin's measure also states that extending the licensing authority to Rev and Tax would help speed up the license issuing process.
Agustin and co-sponsor Sen. Dennis Rodriguez Jr., D-Dededo, introduced the measure to address an oversight in the law that authorized the implementation of Guam's medical marijuana program.
POLL: Do you think medical marijuana will be available within the next year? Poll closes at 5 p.m. July 18, 2017.
READ MORE:
Public Law 220, which Gov. Calvo let lapse into law last December, mandated the Department of Public Health and Social Services to begin accepting business applications 30 days after enactment. The law, however, failed to include Rev and Tax as the agency responsible for processing licenses for potential medical marijuana businesses. Rev and Tax is responsible for other business licenses on Guam.
While a few patients since January have been certified to possess medical marijuana,lawmakers were told that business license applicants have been turned away because told the government isn't ready to accept applications.
Grassroots Guam managing partner Andrea Pellacani, a local medical marijuana advocate, says one of the biggest impediments to the program is the lack of business licenses being accepted.
However, Public Health Director James Gillan has repeatedly said the biggest roadblock to the program is the establishment of the marijuana-testing laboratory that's required under law. Gillan said without a laboratory, there is no program.
“No one has followed through with an application for a lab, and I believe it is because there is no real money to be made due to low volumes that will be tested,” they said.
READ MORE:
Government Accountability Reporter Shawn Raymundo covers local politics and the territory's executive and legislative branches. Follow them on Twitter @ShawnzyTsunami and Instagram @Shawn_Del_Mundo. Follow Pacific Daily News on Facebook/GuamPDN and Instagram @guampdn.
Read or Share this story: http://www.guampdn.com/story/news/2017/07/17/calvo-signs-medical-weed-license-bill/483290001/
Wally Pipp once said they "took the two most expensive aspirin in history". Perhaps, Lou Gehrig's predecessor saw the writing on the wall.
It wasn't any aspirin that forced a slew of talented Anaheim Ducks players off of the ice. It was just a numbers game. Anyone with basic math skills saw this writing on the wall: 29 active players on their roster and only 19 spots on the ice each night.
The Ducks have such tremendous depth that through two rounds of the Stanley Cup Playoffs, James Wisniewski and Jiri Sekac have yet to see the postseason ice, Korbinian Holzer has yet to even get in a game with the Ducks, Chris Wagner played two games and was never heard from again and Emerson Etem and Tomas Fleischmann have been rotating from the ice to the pressbox.
Remember John Gibson? The goaltender of postseason lore? He's backing up a goalie that hasn't needed a backup.
Sure, you could say they all got Wally Pipp'd, but that's not how they see it. Each one of them, and each one of the Black Aces from Norfolk, are doing what they can to help the Ducks reach win a Stanley Cup.
Even if it means riding the pine.
"It's frustrating, but if you weren't frustrated, there would be something wrong with you," said Wisniewski. "But at the same time, we're 8-1, so I just have to kind of keep coming to the rink, working hard and you never know when something is going to happen."
Too many options and too much depth is about the best problem to have in the postseason. Yet the Ducks have been relatively lucky with injuries and illnesses and haven't needed to reach into their stash of reserve playoff weapons. This wasn't how any of them envisioned their postseason, but each one understands that it's about more than their individual desires.
"A lot of guys have come up to me and told me, ‘Hey man, you're taking it unbelievable. You're probably dying inside but you're not showing it.' That's kind of what I'm trying to do," Wisniewski said. "I don't need a woe-is-me attitude. I go home every day, see my kids and they put me in a good mood."
Wisniewski as admittedly surprised when Bruce Boudreau went with defenseman Clayton Stoner over them in Game 1 of the quarterfinals, but they haven't changed their attitude or their work ethic. Instead, he's used their veteran experience to help the power play unit and work with some of the younger players in practices.
Their efforts have been noticed and appreciated.
"The guy I'm most proud of is Wisniewski," Boudreau said. "He hasn't played and he's been such a pro, such a good man out there for us. He's like a coach without being a coach. They know the other guys have played right now. They know there's a chance they might get in if we stumble. But at the same time, their attitude has been tremendous."
Etem scored two goals in the playoffs – one that still might give Winnipeg defenseman Jacob Trouba nightmares – and was part of a strong checking fourth line that was integral in the first series. Finally, it looked as though the Long Beach-bred left wing was hitting their playoff stride after being demoted back to the AHL during the second round of last year's postseason.
But after the Ducks suffered their first and only loss, Boudreau benched them for Fleischmann. Etem had no qualms with the decision.
"That last game there, Game 3 in Calgary, it wasn't my best game of the playoffs," they said. "It's what I can control, not too high and not too low. I've had some pretty good games in the playoffs and I've had some not so good games. It's managing that. You go back to where you did have success and you try to emulate that as much as possible."
Etem also noted how thin the margin is between victory and error against a team like the Chicago Blackhawks, the Ducks' next opponent.
"For this next series, you can't afford to have a bad game – no one in the lineup," they said. "They're that good of a team."
Chicago's game is based on speed, which is why Sekac is hoping to finally hear their name called. He's never played in a Stanley Cup Playoff game, so the experience off the ice has been valuable, but the left winger feels like this might be their series.
They promise, he's ready.
"For sure, I think I can give this team a lot of speed, some skills and I'm pretty sure I could help our team too," they said. "If you're not in the lineup, then you're just trying to get better or work on your physical shape, because when you're body soft, you're not ready. When there is a chance, you need to be ready to prove that they made a mistake taking you out of the lineup."
Regardless of how much any of them have played – if at all – each one agreed that a positive outlook is key. Negativity isn't only detrimental to them, but to everyone else as well. While their patience has been – and may continue to be – tested, the only thing any of them can do is stay positive and stay ready.
You never know when one play will change the entire series.
"I can just try and stay positive and understand that my time might come soon," Wisniewski said. "Somebody goes down – knock on wood – or something else and I have my shoulder tapped on. Before I go in there I have to be 100 percent focused on this team and help them achieve the ultimate goal."
Disrupting Bandit Signs
It's really easy to overlook a bandit sign. Just a few words of text and a telephone number, pasted to telephone poles in poor neighborhoods, advertising a roofing company, or the number of someone who'll pay cash for your home or car, they prey on the needy. Bandit signs are also an eyesore, creating more trash in already heavily polluted parts of American cities. And they're illegal.
Though my own home town of Philadelphia has worked to remove bandit signs signs, and fine those responsible, they're still ubiquitous. Thousands of them remain visible, as though in defiance of the law. But what if, instead of taking them down, the signs were augmented in a way that both calls attention to them and completely disrupts their original use? What if they were turned into street art?
That's the mission of self-described culture jammer Huggie Butterworth, a South Philadelphia-based artist who has been “disturbing the peace” in their words and putting up altered signs for the last couple years.
Huggie was first inspired to do street art while living in Ecuador during a stint in the Peace Corps. It was an election year and the walls were covered in flyers urging votes for different candidates. They decided to mess with people and make their own, which was an homage of sorts to Ecuador's only gold medal winner, the speedwalker Jefferson Perez: “I made real shitty quality just like 8×10 paper [copies] of Jefferson Perez crossing the finish line and made a fake number for them and it said in Spanish, ‘Walking very fast-ly to a better future.'” The positive reaction to this made them want to do more.
Their first augmented bandit sign came soon after their return to Philadelphia. They had been putting up stickers and various wheatpastes but, “nothing really with a message” according to him. After repeatedly seeing a sign advertising a skydiving company – “It was next to a little bodega and there's trash on there and it's just ‘skydive' and I was shocked. Who would call up that number if you're going to go skydiving?!” – they decided to do something. They stole that sign and changed the message to, “Skydive, cause South Philly isn't scary enough.” That was the tipping point, they said.
These days Huggie goes out a few times a month to put up new signs. They told Souciant that they have about forty ready to go in their basement at any given time. According to Huggie, the point of the altered or hijacked signs is to raise awareness. “Advertising is not really bad,” they said. “It can prey on people, but I think what's worse is blindly accepting things. Just seeing everything that's in front of you and just not thinking about it.” Their hope is to inspire people to take control of their neighborhoods.
One such inspiration came in the form of two women who responded to an anti-litter sign Huggie put up by a garbage-strewn lot. A picture of the sign, which was a takeoff on a popular Philadelphia tourist campaign and reads, “With love, dear citizens, thanks for respecting everyone else and clean up your trash”, was posted to Reddit. The women, who were Reddit users, did exactly that, and posted a picture of the cleared area to the site. Huggie was both shocked and impressed that this happened. According to the artist, it made them realize that, “there is power in things like that.”
While the above incident is political in nature, Huggie stressed that their aim is not necessarily that. “I don't get into politics with it, but without a doubt you can't help it. Some of the signs are political, and just fucking with people is political.” That the bandit signs themselves are aimed at poor neighborhoods, a population historically taken advantage of by outside powers, definitely factors into this. The hijacked sign might push someone to look into alternatives to the exploitative economy – cheque cashing places instead of banks, outside developers flipping properties for cash instead of owners going through brokers, and the such – that exists in these neighborhoods.
Huggie lives and mostly puts up their hijacked signs in neighborhoods that are being gentrified. They told Souciant that they do not necessarily view gentrification as a problem, that it's more the issue of power and who holds it that changes neighborhoods for the worst. “The sad thing is if both [old and new residents] could work together they could use each other's resources to improve the neighborhood and make a rich diverse tapestry of people,” they said. “Classes on tax laws could be set up (to save houses from foreclosure,) and the fight for better schools would impact all neighbors.”
Asked how they choose the message for their signs, Huggie said that they rarely go into things with a specific wording or image in mind, but rather tries to work with whatever is already on the sign. “I am happiest when I find a sign that I can leave most of the original message,” they said. An example of that is their “We Hex Houses” sign. The problem with that is that he's then, “at the mercy of whatever signs I can pull down.” The other way of doing it is to write on the back of the signs: “This gives me the freedom to convey different ideas and even touch on socially relevant or political issues.” As far as location goes, they try and puts the sign up where they found it or in a high-traffic area.
Being a street artist is very important to what Huggie does. “Part of our game is that we do it because we like art, we do it because we like to express ourselves, and we're a little vain,” they explained. “Messing with the status quo, disturbing the peace is how movements start, is how revolutions start.” For Huggie, street art is important because it is open to everyone as both critic and artist, and because, “graffiti artists know the city better than taxi drivers.”
The nature of messaging and culture jamming is central to Huggie's work. According to the artist, that means, “taking the status quo, the norm, and twisting it just enough. I realized recently that if I twist it just a little bit – before I'd have outlandish things – it just stays up longer, though it may be a bit harder to see.” This also allows the viewer to interpret the message for themselves rather than, “spoonfeeding them, kinda like what culture might do.”
Huggie believes that their hijacked signs are not necessarily claiming public space, like traditional graffiti does, but rather reclaiming it. A wall covered in tags and different images and messages is proclaiming that the area belongs to the artists and, more often than not, a group within the neighborhood. Gang tags are a good example of this. On the other hand, taking something like bandit signs that are already viewed as litter and then turning them into art and messages – and by that removing their messaging power as outside advertisements from people who don't live in those neighborhoods – is taking that space back.
Photographs courtesy of Huggie Butterworth and Yoni Kroll. All rights reserved.
Ramallah: Amir Adeeb Awad and their two brothers have to visit the hospital regularly for treatment of bronchial asthma and skin diseases. Their health problems are a direct result of unauthorised Israeli factories built in the heart of the city of Tulkarem in the West Bank.
Amir told Gulf News that the factories pose a serious health threat to children of the neighbourhood and parents are reluctant to let them out to play, especially during the summer.
Amir's family keeps several nebulisers at home, hoping they won't have to make regular trips to the doctor. "We avoid going out to play and stay home to spare ourselves the suffering," they said.
The smoke and smell emanating from the factories is also sickening children at nearby schools all too frequently despite the best efforts of school managements to take precautions.
"We have no place to hide from the factories which have ruined our lives," says Amir.
Whenever children in their area venture out, they pull cartons or plastic masks over their faces to prevent direct contact with pollutants, and nebulisers have become very common among the younger lot, they add. "We use the nebuliser almost like a toy. Each child knows how to get one loaded with the medicine and administer it," they said.
Amir's father Adib Hosni Awad told Gulf News that they had sought medical advice in Amman and masks had been recommended as absolutely necessary.
Adib said that the number of factories continued to increase in the area, making the nasty smell, smoke, and noise unbearable. "The way the factories are run proves beyond doubt that the Israelis are intent on forcing residents out of their houses and seizing their lands to expand their factories," they said.
Employment dilemma
Mahmoud Al Natour, another resident living close to the factories, told Gulf News that the managements of the factories were also employing threat tactics: surveillance cameras installed facing the street are used to target workers whose relatives dare to protest.
The threats are not in vain. Eman and their cousin Umm Haitham of the Al Fayyah family declined to comment on the death of their brother from cancer. "If we do, at least four of our breadwinners will lose their jobs on the spot," they said. "Should there be another place to work in, our relatives would not stay a single moment in those factories," they say.
Residents feel the Palestinian leadership should provide alternative job opportunities before they can think of raising their voice against the factories.
Ten unauthorised factories that have no approvals either from the Israeli or Palestinian authorities have sought out the heart of Tulkarem to escape environmental standards, making the city's western and southern sectors among the world's most polluted areas. Tulkarem tops the list of Palestinian cities with an abnormally high number of cancer patients.
Catastrophic
"The environmental situation in Tulkarem is completely catastrophic," Essam Qasim, who heads the Environmental Quality Authority in the city, told Gulf News.
Israel moved the first chemical factory from Tel Mond to Tulkarem's south and seized a plot of land owned by the Islamic Waqf for the purpose, after residents of Tel Mond protested against the unit. "From that moment, Israel has been shifting factories that raise concern among the Israeli public one after the other to Tulkarem," Qasim said.
"Huge private Palestinian owned lands have been expropriated to expand the area dedicated for factories," they added.
Israelis of the nearby colony of Netsani Oze had earlier complained about the environmental impact of the factories and lodged a complaint with the Israeli Higher Court demanding their immediate closure.
The Palestinian National Authority recently conducted a medical study which revealed that respiratory, chest, skin and eye diseases are nearly reaching epidemic proportions in the southern and western areas of Tulkarem.
Speaking to Gulf News, Eyad Jallad, Tulkarem's mayor, said the city's civic departments had demanded via the Israeli-Palestinian Civil Affairs Liaison Office that the factories halt operations. "So far, we have not received any answers on this issue from the Israeli side," they said.
"We will wage a legal battle with Israel on the issue," they said.
Who is excited for a day at the beach! It's only two hours -- okay, four hours in traffic.
Suzanne whips up some bean dip and Amber whips out some crazy pole moves as they ride the party bus through Crazy Ex-Girlfriend Episode 109: I'm Going To The Beach With Josh And Their Friends!
We settle in for a long ride in traffic as we ask questions like:
Is this the end of Paula / Rebecca hijinx over Josh? Why doesn't Darryl bring chips for their classic bean dip? Which specific diseases did Rebecca lick off that stripper pole? What happened between Heather and Zeke? Why does craft beer and new bands make Josh so angry? How did Paula beat traffic to get to the beach?
Plus, we award our Giant Pretzels of the week and give our self-care recommendations for staying healthy and decidedly un-Bunch-like.
SONGS:
Women Gotta Stick Together (Rachel Bloom, Steven M. Gold and Adam Schlesinger, performed by Gabrielle Ruiz)
West Covina Reprise (Rachel Bloom, Steven M. Gold and Adam Schlesinger, performed by Rachel Bloom and Vincent Rodriguez III)
Goldman Sachs faced a looming deadline in July. Under new federal rules, the storied Wall Street bank was required to rid itself of about $6 billion in risky investments, such as stakes in hedge funds, that regulators fear could hamper it during an economic downturn.
But by late last year, Goldman had yet to find a buyer and appealed to the Federal Reserve for a reprieve. The agency gave Goldman and several other banks five more years to comply with the rules put in place in response to the 2008 financial crisis.
Now, it appears, Goldman may be able to keep those investments after all.
Republican lawmakers passed legislation in the House this week that would do away with the requirement all together. It is part of a sweeping plan to ease banking industry rules they argue have been hampering the economy and made it more difficult to get a loan. The effort, backed by the Trump administration, aims to dismantle major portions of the Obama administration's 2010 financial reform law, known as the Dodd Frank Act, landmark legislation that forced banks to maintain a larger financial cushion and take on less debt.
“Congratulations to Jeb Hensarling & Republicans on successful House votes to repeal major parts of the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial law. GROWTH!,” President Trump said in a tweet Friday morning. (Rep. Hensarling, a Republican from Texas, shepherded the legislation.)
Supporters touted the rules as a chance to help community and regional banks, many of which struggle to comply with a regulatory regime aimed mostly at the biggest banks. But the big banks would also gain relief, and one of the key ways is the proposed elimination of a provision known as the “Volcker rule.”
The rule, named after its chief champion, former Federal Reserve chairperson Paul Volcker, has two prongs. The first limits bank' ability to buy and sell exotic financial instruments, and the second limits the ability of banks to operate and invest in hedge funds and private-equity funds.
Banks that make loans and collect consumer deposits, such as checking and savings accounts, shouldn't be using that money to take on the same type of risks that hedge funds do, supporters of the rule say. But House Republicans argued that the Volcker has sapped liquidity from the markets — in other words, reduced the number of institutional buyers and sellers — and said in a summary of the legislation that repealing the rule would “promote more resilient capital markets and a more stable financial system.”
To comply, big Wall Street banks have shut down their “proprietary trading” desks to eliminate speculative trades and began selling off their investments in hedge and private equity funds. The shift was particularly significant for Goldman, which once claimed that such proprietary trading accounted for 10 percent of its revenue.
In an CNBC interview earlier this year, Goldman chief executive Lloyd Blankfein said restrictions on bank trading could prevent companies from being involved in the kinds of transactions that are “beneficial to the financial markets. There should be more flexibility.”
Many in the industry complain that the regulations governing the Volcker rule are so complex it made it difficult to distinguish between the financial transactions a bank may do on its own behalf, purely for profit, or on behalf of a client. Jamie Dimon, chief executive of JPMorgan Chase, once warned that “for every trader, we are going to have a lawyer, compliance officer, doctor to see what their testosterone levels are, and a shrink — what is your intent?”
Some regulators have acknowledged the complexity of the rules, though critics say banks are exaggerating. “Proprietary trading had banks with conflicts of interest against their customers,” Volcker said in an interview. “The idea that the restraint on proprietary trading is hurting customer service is baloney.”
In the meantime, big banks have received two extensions to comply with aspects of the rule, the first in 2015. The latest covers “illiquid funds,” typically investments banks made in hedge and private funds that may now be difficult to sell.
“I have doubts over the need for an extension. How much of it is just a hope that the rule would go away?,” Volcker said.
The extension gave Goldman more time to rid itself of about $6 billion in investments. Morgan Stanley has applied for more time to deal with about $1.9 billion of such assets.
Citigroup only has about $400 million left and has also been granted an extension. The bank's chief executive, Michael Corbat, said at a banking conference earlier this month that it was time to make changes to Volcker. “We don't want to be in the proprietary trading business. We don't want to be using consumer deposits to speculate,” they said.
But the law is too complex, Corbat said, noting that the rules had been written by five different agencies. Those agencies “have taken the same law, the same rule and applied it five different ways. And what we've said is we don't care which one, just pick one of them. Pick one of them and enforce it that way, and we'd be great with that.”
The House legislation that would repeal the rule all together is unlikely to pass the Senate intact and regulators, who already spent years wiring the rules, may shy away from making significant, time-consuming changes. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, a former Goldman Sachs banker who has been directed by Trump to make recommendations on improving the banking system, appears to be leaning toward a compromise. “I support the Volcker Rule, but there needs to be proper definition around the Volcker Rule so banks can understand what they can do and what they can't do,” Mnuchin told the Senate Banking Committee in January.
The effort to repeal or even weaken the rule has outraged some. “The Volcker firewall was among the most critical pieces of Wall Street reform,” said Jeff Merkley (D-Oregon), one of the original sponsors of the provision. “This casino allowed banks to make big bets with taxpayer-insured funds, destabilizing the financial system and the U.S. economy.”
But a repeal of the rule could pay off for big banks. Wall Street banks stand to recoup about $2 billion in profits next year if the trading restrictions were lifted, according to research by Nomura, a global investment bank. That includes a boost of about $446 million for Goldman.
HAVANA, Cuba (CMC) — A protocol of cooperation agreement has been signed between Cuba and Portugal that will boost work on key issues for the joint development of the industry in both countries.
The agreement was signed on Friday by Cuba's head of tourism Manuel Marrero and Portugal's Secretary of State for Tourism, Ana Mendes Godinho,.
According to Mendes Godinho, the agreement is a historical one as Portuguese business people are interested in investing in Cuba and accompanying its development, adding that the positive political relations between the two countries, “were increasingly strengthened in the last year.”
Mendes Godinho , who was here on a two day visit, argued that the legal document will also enable the formation of students and the exchange of experiences between the two nations.
Them Cuban counterpart noted that Portugal has 12 public tourism schools, considered among the best in Europe, which can contribute to the training of Cuban personnel.
Marrero said that this step creates a new stage for joint work on issues such as the use of the Portuguese experience in the sector, useful at a time when Cuba is experiencing a remarkable growth in the so-called leisure industry.
They emphasized that the Caribbean island is currently in the international eye, while new business opportunities are opening up.
According to the Cuban minister, tourism can be an important element to further strengthen the ties between the two countries.
During the meeting, it was also disclosed that 4,035,577 tourists visited Cuba in 2016.
This is a guest Jun 3rd, 2015 300 Never a guest300Never
Not a member of Pastebin yet? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features!
rawdownloadcloneembedreportprint text 4.78 KB [15:10] <Waste_Of_Light> I'm feelin' matramonial [15:10] <Pissy> IT KEEPS HAPENING [15:10] <Lyra[Strategist14]> where makin this hapen [15:10] <Pissy> Light, you're the justice of the peace [15:11] <Waste_Of_Light> I don't know what that actually entails [15:11] <ATtheorytime[Huelicopter]> Wait [15:11] <Pissy> AT, you're the barkeep [15:11] <ATtheorytime[Huelicopter]> Who is the person marrying the couple [15:11] <Pissy> The justice of hte peace [15:11] <Tarane> Uh [15:11] == ATtheorytime[Huelicopter] has changed nick to ATtheweddingbarkeep [15:11] <Vampsquirrel> I have no clue what's happening [15:11] <Vampsquirrel> So imma get drunk [15:11] == rascalywabit has changed nick to Bride [15:11] <Tarane> I have no clue what's happening either [15:11] == Pissy has changed nick to Also_Bride [15:12] * Vampsquirrel sits down near the wedding barkeep [15:12] <Bride> this is amazing [15:12] <Also_Bride> Totes [15:12] <Vampsquirrel> "Get me drunk" [15:12] * ATtheweddingbarkeep hands Vampsquirrel a barrel of pure alcohol [15:12] <Lyra[Strategist14]> This is stupid [15:12] <Also_Bride> How does my beard look with the wedding dress [15:12] <Bride> It looks perfect me [15:12] <Tarane> There are no words [15:12] <Also_Bride> Thanks, me [15:12] * Vampsquirrel drinks takes a swig of the alcohol [15:12] <Bride> You are very welcome, me. [15:13] * Tarane slips into the cjodah plane of existence [15:13] == Whatever_I_am_in_this_scenario [webchat@d162-156-183-241.bchsia.telus.net] has joined #WeddingBells [15:13] <Whatever_I_am_in_this_scenario> Alrght, I'm Lyra now [15:13] == Lyra[Strategist14] [webchat@d162-156-183-241.bchsia.telus.net] has left #WeddingBells [] [15:13] <Also_Bride> Oh no [15:13] <Also_Bride> There goes the groom [15:13] <Whatever_I_am_in_this_scenario> No it is me [15:13] <Bride> Oh look the groom is back [15:13] <Bride> Are you excited me? [15:13] == Whatever_I_am_in_this_scenario has changed nick to Groom_or_whatever [15:14] <Waste_Of_Light> AHEM [15:14] <Also_Bride> I'm always excited [15:14] <Waste_Of_Light> DEARLY BELOVED! [15:14] <Waste_Of_Light> WE ARE GATHERED HERE TODAY [15:14] <Waste_Of_Light> FOR GOD KNOWS WHY [15:14] <Groom_or_whatever> Shenanigans, mostly [15:14] <Waste_Of_Light> HONESTLY AT THIS POINT, NOBODY HAS ANY IDEA WHATS GOING ON [15:14] <Also_Bride> trudat [15:14] * Bride flutters eyelids at groom [15:14] <Waste_Of_Light> I THINK WE'RE HAVING A 2.5 WAY WEDDING? [15:14] * Vampsquirrel continues drinking [15:14] <Waste_Of_Light> HONESTLY, I SEE NO REASON WHY THIS SHOULDN'T BE A THING [15:14] <Also_Bride> No, Bride and I are the same person [15:15] <Bride> Truth [15:15] <Waste_Of_Light> SO IT'S GOING TO CONTINUE BEING A THING, AND IT IS NOT GOING TO STOP BEING A THING UNTIL I GOD DAMN SAY SO [15:15] <Also_Bride> Truth [15:15] <Groom_or_whatever> Don't question it [15:15] * Also_Bride winks [15:15] * Bride also winks cause same person [15:15] == ATtheweddingbarkeep has changed nick to Waste_Of_Booze [15:15] <Waste_Of_Light> GROOM OR WHATEVER, DO YOU TAKE THIS INDIVIDUAL/TWO PEOPLE/TWO SAME PERSON TO BE YOUR LAWFULLY WEDDED SOMETHING OR OTHER? [15:16] * Vampsquirrel starts crying because this is a beautiful ceremony [15:16] <Groom_or_whatever> Sure [15:16] <Waste_Of_Light> FAN FUCKING TASTIC [15:16] <Bride> SO ROMANTIC [15:16] * Bride sniffles [15:16] <Also_Bride> TAKE ME NOW [15:16] <Waste_Of_Light> BRIDE. DO YOU TAKE THE GROOM OR WHATEVER TO BE YOUR LAWFULLY WEDDED INDIVIDUAL OF DESTINCTION? [15:16] <Also_Bride> *distinction [15:17] <Waste_Of_Light> THANK YOU [15:17] <Bride> WE DO [15:17] <Waste_Of_Light> ALSO BRIDE I THINK THAT COVERS YOU TOO SO FUCK YEAH MOVING ON [15:17] <Also_Bride> HELL YES [15:17] <Also_Bride> WE DO [15:17] <Also_Bride> FOR THE WIN [15:17] <Also_Bride> AND HAPPILY EVER AFTER [15:17] * Bride totally wants to do sloppy makeouts now [15:17] <Waste_Of_Light> CONGRATU FUCKING LATIONS, HAVE YOUR DISGUSTING MAKEOUT SESSION. [15:17] <Vampsquirrel> I *SOB* I LOVE WEDDINGS! [15:18] * Also_Bride has a sloppy makeout with Bride [15:18] * Bride hangs off of the groom and also themselves [15:18] * Bride they all have the best mack sess ever [15:18] <Bride> -THE END- [15:18] <Waste_Of_Light> WELP, WE'RE DONE HERE, DJ START PLAYING SOMETHING STUPID LIKE "SHE THINKS MY TRACTOR'S SEXY" BECAUSE I NO LONGER CARE [15:18] * Waste_Of_Light OLLIES OUTIE [15:18] <Also_Bride> THIS WAS WONDERFUL [15:18] <Tarane> https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hVvnuEVxvwQ [15:19] <Also_Bride> ALSO MY CAPS LOCK IS BROKEN AGAIN [15:19] <Waste_Of_Light> This makes the second Justice of the ____ that I've faked being, so I guess I should start keeping track [15:19] <Also_Bride> https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3FMdR-G5BxQ [15:20] * Groom_or_whatever gets drunk [15:21] * Vampsquirrel breaks down on the dancefloor
RAW Paste Data
[15:10] <Waste_Of_Light> I'm feelin' matramonial [15:10] <Pissy> IT KEEPS HAPENING [15:10] <Lyra[Strategist14]> where makin this hapen [15:10] <Pissy> Light, you're the justice of the peace [15:11] <Waste_Of_Light> I don't know what that actually entails [15:11] <ATtheorytime[Huelicopter]> Wait [15:11] <Pissy> AT, you're the barkeep [15:11] <ATtheorytime[Huelicopter]> Who is the person marrying the couple [15:11] <Pissy> The justice of hte peace [15:11] <Tarane> Uh [15:11] == ATtheorytime[Huelicopter] has changed nick to ATtheweddingbarkeep [15:11] <Vampsquirrel> I have no clue what's happening [15:11] <Vampsquirrel> So imma get drunk [15:11] == rascalywabit has changed nick to Bride [15:11] <Tarane> I have no clue what's happening either [15:11] == Pissy has changed nick to Also_Bride [15:12] * Vampsquirrel sits down near the wedding barkeep [15:12] <Bride> this is amazing [15:12] <Also_Bride> Totes [15:12] <Vampsquirrel> "Get me drunk" [15:12] * ATtheweddingbarkeep hands Vampsquirrel a barrel of pure alcohol [15:12] <Lyra[Strategist14]> This is stupid [15:12] <Also_Bride> How does my beard look with the wedding dress [15:12] <Bride> It looks perfect me [15:12] <Tarane> There are no words [15:12] <Also_Bride> Thanks, me [15:12] * Vampsquirrel drinks takes a swig of the alcohol [15:12] <Bride> You are very welcome, me. [15:13] * Tarane slips into the cjodah plane of existence [15:13] == Whatever_I_am_in_this_scenario [webchat@d162-156-183-241.bchsia.telus.net] has joined #WeddingBells [15:13] <Whatever_I_am_in_this_scenario> Alrght, I'm Lyra now [15:13] == Lyra[Strategist14] [webchat@d162-156-183-241.bchsia.telus.net] has left #WeddingBells [] [15:13] <Also_Bride> Oh no [15:13] <Also_Bride> There goes the groom [15:13] <Whatever_I_am_in_this_scenario> No it is me [15:13] <Bride> Oh look the groom is back [15:13] <Bride> Are you excited me? [15:13] == Whatever_I_am_in_this_scenario has changed nick to Groom_or_whatever [15:14] <Waste_Of_Light> AHEM [15:14] <Also_Bride> I'm always excited [15:14] <Waste_Of_Light> DEARLY BELOVED! [15:14] <Waste_Of_Light> WE ARE GATHERED HERE TODAY [15:14] <Waste_Of_Light> FOR GOD KNOWS WHY [15:14] <Groom_or_whatever> Shenanigans, mostly [15:14] <Waste_Of_Light> HONESTLY AT THIS POINT, NOBODY HAS ANY IDEA WHATS GOING ON [15:14] <Also_Bride> trudat [15:14] * Bride flutters eyelids at groom [15:14] <Waste_Of_Light> I THINK WE'RE HAVING A 2.5 WAY WEDDING? [15:14] * Vampsquirrel continues drinking [15:14] <Waste_Of_Light> HONESTLY, I SEE NO REASON WHY THIS SHOULDN'T BE A THING [15:14] <Also_Bride> No, Bride and I are the same person [15:15] <Bride> Truth [15:15] <Waste_Of_Light> SO IT'S GOING TO CONTINUE BEING A THING, AND IT IS NOT GOING TO STOP BEING A THING UNTIL I GOD DAMN SAY SO [15:15] <Also_Bride> Truth [15:15] <Groom_or_whatever> Don't question it [15:15] * Also_Bride winks [15:15] * Bride also winks cause same person [15:15] == ATtheweddingbarkeep has changed nick to Waste_Of_Booze [15:15] <Waste_Of_Light> GROOM OR WHATEVER, DO YOU TAKE THIS INDIVIDUAL/TWO PEOPLE/TWO SAME PERSON TO BE YOUR LAWFULLY WEDDED SOMETHING OR OTHER? [15:16] * Vampsquirrel starts crying because this is a beautiful ceremony [15:16] <Groom_or_whatever> Sure [15:16] <Waste_Of_Light> FAN FUCKING TASTIC [15:16] <Bride> SO ROMANTIC [15:16] * Bride sniffles [15:16] <Also_Bride> TAKE ME NOW [15:16] <Waste_Of_Light> BRIDE. DO YOU TAKE THE GROOM OR WHATEVER TO BE YOUR LAWFULLY WEDDED INDIVIDUAL OF DESTINCTION? [15:16] <Also_Bride> *distinction [15:17] <Waste_Of_Light> THANK YOU [15:17] <Bride> WE DO [15:17] <Waste_Of_Light> ALSO BRIDE I THINK THAT COVERS YOU TOO SO FUCK YEAH MOVING ON [15:17] <Also_Bride> HELL YES [15:17] <Also_Bride> WE DO [15:17] <Also_Bride> FOR THE WIN [15:17] <Also_Bride> AND HAPPILY EVER AFTER [15:17] * Bride totally wants to do sloppy makeouts now [15:17] <Waste_Of_Light> CONGRATU FUCKING LATIONS, HAVE YOUR DISGUSTING MAKEOUT SESSION. [15:17] <Vampsquirrel> I *SOB* I LOVE WEDDINGS! [15:18] * Also_Bride has a sloppy makeout with Bride [15:18] * Bride hangs off of the groom and also themselves [15:18] * Bride they all have the best mack sess ever [15:18] <Bride> -THE END- [15:18] <Waste_Of_Light> WELP, WE'RE DONE HERE, DJ START PLAYING SOMETHING STUPID LIKE "SHE THINKS MY TRACTOR'S SEXY" BECAUSE I NO LONGER CARE [15:18] * Waste_Of_Light OLLIES OUTIE [15:18] <Also_Bride> THIS WAS WONDERFUL [15:18] <Tarane> https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hVvnuEVxvwQ [15:19] <Also_Bride> ALSO MY CAPS LOCK IS BROKEN AGAIN [15:19] <Waste_Of_Light> This makes the second Justice of the ____ that I've faked being, so I guess I should start keeping track [15:19] <Also_Bride> https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3FMdR-G5BxQ [15:20] * Groom_or_whatever gets drunk [15:21] * Vampsquirrel breaks down on the dancefloor
0
Josh Trank's Fantastic Four doesn't hit theaters until August, but summer 2015 isn't that far off. We've already seen trailers for Avengers: Age of Ultron, Tomorrowland, Jurassic World and more so it's about time we get a little something from Fantastic Four. Yesterday a synopsis for the film hit the web and now Fox has confirmed that it's the real deal.
Hit the jump to check out the official Fantastic Four synopsis for yourself. Fantastic Four is due in theaters on August 7, 2015 and stars Michael B. Jordan as Johnny Storm, Kate Mara as Sue Storm, Miles Teller as Reed Richards and Jamie Bell as Ben Grimm.
The synopsis first popped up on Rotten Tomatoes, but IGN is the outlet that confirmed it with Fox. Here it is:
THE FANTASTIC FOUR, a contemporary re-imagining of Marvel's original and longest-running superhero team, centers on four young outsiders who teleport to an alternate and dangerous universe, which alters their physical form in shocking ways. Their lives irrevocably upended, the team must learn to harness their daunting new abilities and work together to save Earth from a former friend turned enemy.
As someone who hasn't read the source material, the details that catch my eye are the teleporting to an alternate and dangerous universe thing and the fact that the synopsis dubs the group “outsiders.” A little Googling revealed that the teleportation element pops up in Ultimate Fantastic Four, but were Johnny, Sue, Reed and Ben ever really outsiders? Perhaps the 2005 film is a little too engrained in my mind, but I never got that impression.
However, there's nothing wrong with a change like that. In fact, I'm quite pleased to see the synopsis focus on the origin story rather than jump right into what they're up against. Hopefully a trailer isn't too far off and we'll finally get to see what post-Chronicle Trank is capable of.
South Australian government and private corporations axe thousands of jobs
By Terry Cook
4 September 2015
South Australia, once a manufacturing and mining centre, now has soaring unemployment, accelerated by corporate downsizing and job cuts by the state Labor government of Premier Jay Weatherill.
The situation will worsen as General Motors Holden (GMH) progressively closes its car assembly plant in the north of Adelaide, the state capital, by 2017 and other major companies slash thousands of jobs to cut costs amid a deepening global slump.
According to the Australian Bureau of Statistics (ABS), the state's unemployment rate was 7.9 percent in July, well above the national level of 6.3 percent. Of the state's 1.6 million people, 69,500 were officially unemployed. Among 15- to 24-year olds, the jobless rate stood at 15.2 percent. In northern Adelaide, the unemployment rate was 8.3 percent and youth unemployment was 16.9 percent.
The ABS jobs data understates unemployment levels by excluding anyone who has worked one hour or more per week.
John Spoehr, director of the Australian Workplace Innovation and Social Research Centre at the University of Adelaide, warned that South Australian unemployment could climb to 9 percent over the next six months, “on a pathway to double-digit unemployment.”
Job shedding is spreading across the state's minerals and energy sector, hit by declining demand and falling commodity prices, driven by the rapid slowdown in China and elsewhere throughout Asia.
In August, BHP Billiton announced it would axe 380 jobs, or one tenth of the workforce, at its Olympic Dam poly-metallic underground mine, about 550 kilometres from Adelaide, the state capital. This follows the elimination of 230 jobs earlier this year, and hundreds of jobs since 2012, when the company abandoned plans to expand the mine.
Iron ore miner and steelmaker Arrium plans to axe its Southern Iron mining project near Coober Pedy and destroy 580 jobs. The company is also conducting a strategic review of its steel plant at Whyalla, threatening more jobs. Coober Pedy was already reeling from the closure of the nearby IMX Resources Cairn Hill iron ore mine last year and the loss of 200 jobs.
In July, civil and mining company BGC Contracting said it would scale-back production at its Iron Knob and South Middleback Ranges mine sites in October at the cost of 125 jobs. These cuts are in addition to 94 jobs slashed at these sites in May.
In June, Alinta Energy said it planned to close its Leigh Creek coal mine and Port Augusta's power stations in 2017, at the cost of 258 and 180 jobs respectively. In March, the global oil and gas corporation Santos announced that it would cut 200 jobs nationally, with the main focus on its South Australia operations.
In the six months to June this year the state's mining sector destroyed over 5,000 jobs, devastating regional towns. Leigh Creek, for example, relies almost exclusively on the mine for its existence, and the town provides education, health, mail and other services to outlying communities, including Blinman, Copley, Nepabunna, Marree. These basic services are in danger of closing.
The major resources project cuts are producing further job losses in downstream and associated industries, including local suppliers and contractors. According to ABS data, over 1,900 regional jobs across the state were wiped out between May and June.
In the state's southeast, unemployment already stands at 8.7 percent, while in the far north the rate leapt from 4.2 percent in May to 6.7 percent in July.
Recent private sector job cuts include Arnott's Biscuits, which is axing 120 jobs at its Marleston site in Adelaide, and Aldinga Turkeys, which will close its McLaren Flat processing plant south of the capital by the end of the year at the cost of nearly 80 jobs. United Dairy Power has closed its processing plants in Murray Bridge and Jervois, eliminating 130 jobs.
In May, with the help of the car industry unions, GMH wiped out 270 jobs from the remaining 1,260 workforce at its northern Adelaide assembly plant in Elizabeth, in preparation for the 2017 closure.
The Weatherill government is not only overseeing the elimination of these jobs, working closely with the trade unions. It is also slashing hundreds of public sector jobs and dismantling basic services.
In July, SA Health confirmed plans to axe 332 jobs from SA Pathology over the next three years. The state government also refused to replace the funding cut in the federal Abbott government's 2014 budget for 400 outreach positions, including in domestic violence, mental health, Aboriginal and refugee services.
Last year, the state Labor government destroyed 885 full-time positions in the public sector. Of the remaining 85,000 full-time jobs, it plans to eliminate another 4,000 in the next four years. This is on top of the more than 11,000 jobs axed by the government since the global crash of 2008 in an unsuccessful bid to retain the state's AAA credit rating.
Worsening unemployment, coupled with government cuts to essential services, has resulted in increasing reliance on charities to provide basic needs. Foodbank SA, the state's largest welfare food organisation, says it cannot cope with the rising demand. It is providing 7,500 meals a day, compared with 5,800 in late 2013, and every month more than 8,000 people, including 3,000 children, miss out on a decent meal.
Backed by the trade unions, Weatherill's government barely scraped back into office at the March 2014 state election, after receiving just 37 percent of the vote. In order to do so, Weatherill falsely promised to create 100,000 jobs by 2016, upgrade health facilities, and not privatise government-owned assets.
The author also recommends:
South Australian Labor's budget imposes “cruel” federal cuts
[21 June 2014]
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
The 2018 OVO Energy Tour of Britain took place over eight stages between Sunday 2 and 9 September, and was won by Frenchman Julian Alaphilippe of the Quick-Step Floors team.
The 2018 OVO Energy Tour of Britain took place over eight stages between Sunday 2 and 9 September, and was won by Frenchman Julian Alaphilippe of the Quick-Step Floors team.
As ever, we'd like to thank everybody who made this year's race the success it was – especially the one million + spectators who lined the route! Missed any of the action? Visit our Video page for highlights and exclusive behind-the-scenes content.
The 2019 race will take place from Sunday 8 to Sunday 15 September. Full details of Stage One will appear here in due course.
Ahead of the 2019 event and route launch, follow the OVO Energy Tour of Britain on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and Strava to keep up-to-date with all the latest news from Britain's most prestigious cycle race.
As we lay in the aftermath of today's big announcements (Android 5.0 Lollipop, Nexus 6 , and Nexus 9 ), I think we can now officially call it in: we aren't going to see a Nexus 5 refresh for 2014. This may come as the biggest let down for those that felt Google's new gargantuan-sized Nexus 6 phablet was simply too unwieldy, but as we all saw today, Google didn't surprise the world with a brand-new Nexus 5.
Earlier today we told you guys about the Nexus 5 (along with the Nexus 7 and Nexus 10 ) showing as “out of inventory” in the Google Play Store, suggesting that the Nexus 6 would soon replace the smaller handset. But is that really the case? Let us now divert your attention to the newly remodeled Google Nexus homepage showcasing — not only the Nexus 6, Nexus 9, and Nexus Player — but the Nexus 5 as well. The question you should ask is why would Google go through the trouble of creating a completely new homepage for a device that's supposed to now be “obsolete?” Simple. Because it's not.
Although Google hasn't actually come out and said anything, it seems as if they will continue offering the Nexus 5 in the Google Play Store as a smaller, low priced Nexus option which makes perfect sense. In the event they wanted to refresh some of the device's specs, offering up a 64GB model or simply dropping the price another $50 would be alright by us given how well the Nexus 5 has aged the past year. What do you guys think?
[Nexus 5 on Google Play]
Charlotte Iserbyt has put their great exposé of the dumbing-down agenda of American education on the Internet, so that anyone can now read it and download it free of charge. The Deliberate Dumbing Down of America is a big book and so very important that anyone interested in the future of this country must read it. I wrote a Foreword for the book that basically explains what Charlotte achieved by their incredible research based on documents they took out of the files of the Department of Education in Washington, where they worked as a Senior Policy Advisor in the Office of Educational Research and Improvement (OERI) during the first Reagan administration.  They are the consummate whistleblower, with an overwhelming sense of responsibility as a public servant and a parent. Here's the essence of what I wrote:
Charlotte Iserbyt is to be greatly commended for having put together the most formidable and practical compilation of documentation describing the “deliberate dumbing down” of American children by their education system. Anyone interested in the truth will be shocked by the way American social engineers have systematically gone about destroying the intellect of millions of American children for the purpose of leading the American people into a socialist world government controlled by behavioral and social scientists.
Mrs. Iserbyt has also documented the gradual transformation of our once academically successful education system into one devoted to training children to become compliant human resources to be used by government and industry for their own purposes. This is how fascist-socialist societies train their children to become servants of their government masters.
The successful implementation of this new philosophy of education will spell the end of the American dream of individual freedom and opportunity. The government will plan your life for you, and unless you comply with government restrictions and regulations your ability to pursue a career of your own choice will be severely limited.
What is so mind boggling is that all of this is being financed by the American people themselves through their own taxes. In other words, the American people are underwriting the destruction of their own freedom and way of life by lavishly financing through federal grants the very social scientists who are undermining our national sovereignty and preparing our children to become the dumbed-down vassals of the new world order. It reminds one of how the Nazis charged their victims train fare to their own doom.
One of the interesting insights revealed by these documents is how the social engineers use a deliberately created education “crisis” to move their agenda forward by offering radical reforms that are sold to the public as fixing the crisis — which they never do. The new reforms simply set the stage for the next crisis, which provides the pretext for the next move forward. This is the dialectical process at work, a process our behavioral engineers have learned to use very effectively. Its success depends on the ability of the “change agents” to continually deceive the public which tends to believe anything the experts tell them.
And so, our children continue to be at risk in America's schools. They are at risk academically because of such programs as whole language, mastery learning, direct instruction, Skinnerian operant conditioning, all of which have created huge learning problems that inevitably lead to what is commonly known as Attention Deficit Disorder and the drugging of four million children with the powerful drug Ritalin.
Mrs. Iserbyt has dealt extensively with the root causes of immorality in our society and the role of the public schools in the teaching of moral relativism (no right/no wrong ethics). They raise a red flag regarding the current efforts of left-wing liberals and right-wing conservatives (radical center) to come up with a new kid on the block — “common ground” character education — which will, under the microscope, turn out to be the same warmed-over values education alert parent groups have resisted for over 50 years. This is a perfect example of the Hegelian Dialectic at work. (Karl Marx's communist philosophy is called “Dialectical Materialism.”)
The reader will find in this book a plethora of information that will leave no doubt in the mind of the serious researcher exactly where the American education system is headed. If we wish to stop this juggernaut toward a socialist-fascist system, then we must restore educational freedom to America. Americans forget that the present government education system started as a Prussian import in the 1840's–'50's. It was a system built on Hegel's belief that the state was “God” walking on earth.
The only way to restore educational freedom, and put education back into the hands of parents where it belongs, is to get the federal government, with its coercive policies, out of education. The billions of dollars being spent by the federal government to destroy educational freedom must be halted, and that can only be done by getting American legislators to understand that the American people want to remain a free people, in charge of their own lives and the education of their children
And since finally conservatives in Congress are seeking ways to reduce the size and cost of government, a good place to start is in dismantling the U.S. Department of Education. That's one way to stop financing the deliberate dumbing down of America.
To get to the free download of Charlotte's book, click here. You can still buy the book if you prefer to have a hard copy that you can read at your leisure and pass on to friends and relatives. And if you still have children in the public schools, you'll know exactly what is going on inside those walls.
Meet my favorite DB in this entire draft class, Corn Elder from the University of Miami is a joy to watch. They did it all for the canes - Special teams, return man, nickel/outside corner, blitzer and run support extraordinaire. Corn Elder aside from having a great name, represented themselves well at Miami's pro day. Measuring in at 5'10 185 pounds, running a 4.42, and jumping 35 inches.
Corn finished their 2016 campaign with 76 tackles, 3 sacks, 1 int and 12 pass breakups. Very impressive numbers that demonstrate their tenacity as a tackler and ability as a zone corner. My favorite part of their game is the nature in which they play the position. Elder attacks, they process information very quickly and reacts without hesitation. They support the run with more passion than any corner in this entire draft class that I have watched so far. The gif below demonstrates their tenacity when attacking the ball carrier.
They read it is a run and immediately sprints towards the line of scrimmage to make a stop on Dalvin Cook (the consensus No.2 running back in this years draft) for about a 1 yard gain. This is the kind of attitude you love to see a corner play with. No hesitation to stick their face in the run game and quick to realize that they need to abandon their zone responsibilities.
The next gif is my favorite clip of them I found through the 3 games of their I watched. The play is designed for them to drop into a zone flat route, Corn realizes that as the play develops their zone remains uninhabited. They then notices an out route developing about 7-8 yards behind them so they break off their zone flips back and makes a diving attempt to break up a pass.
This plays shows the athletic ability and football IQ that has me drooling over a guy like Corn Elder. I promise you folks you do not see plays made like this every day this is NFL type play recognition and recovery speed.
Lastly I would like to show a play where Corn again demonstrates how quick they are to diagnose plays and without hesitation click and close on a ball carrier.
From the get go in the above play Corn realizes this is a designed bubble screen to their side of the field. Before the WR they are responsible for covering even realizes the play has started, Corn Elder flies into the backfield to make a tackle for loss against one of the shiftier players in this years draft Ryan Switzer.
Sightseers in Washington, D.C., have endless opportunities to be awestruck. This summer, the Library of Congress provides yet another option with its excellent new exhibit, First Among Many: The Bay Psalm Book and Early Moments in American Printing.
The first thing visitors behold upon entering the exhibit space is a case containing two copies of the Bay Psalm Book (1640), the first book printed in colonial America, of which only eleven survive. On the left sits the Library of Congress copy–worn and incomplete, but in its original binding. On the right (pictured above) is David M. Rubenstein's copy–rebound, but complete, even with the original title page. Rubenstein purchased the book at auction in November 2013 for $14.2 million, the current auction record for any printed book. It is a remarkable pairing, and any bibliophile might be pleased to make the trip for it alone.
And yet, there is more to ogle. From the Bay Psalm Book, the exhibit encourages viewers toward the Eliot Indian Bible, the first complete bible printed in the Western Hemisphere, in 1660-1663. Printing spread slowly in the colonies, and it remained less expensive to import English books well into the eighteenth century. But it took off during the pre-Revolutionary period, and the work of New York newspaperman Peter Zenger and of printer-patriot Benjamin Franklin stands to represent these heady days. Franklin, of course, has an entire case devoted to their output, from their apprenticeship to their older brother, James Franklin, to their almanacs, to their “masterwork,” Cicero's Discourse of Old-age (1744).
“The Revolution in American thought, captured in print, was underway; and the rebellion was soon to follow,” wrote Thomas Paine. An “extremely rare broadside printing” (1777) of their American Crisis hangs in the exhibit, as does a Dunlap broadside of the Declaration of Independence (July 1776) and John Hancock's “Plea for Support,” printed in December 1776 by Mary Katherine Goddard. Another highlight in this section is Isaiah Thomas' Royal American Magazine from July 1774, opened to showcase Paul Revere's engravings.
The Federalist, a mainstay on any list of important early American books, is illustrated in this exhibit by a copy of the 1788 compendium once owned by Alexander Hamilton's wife, whose sister gifted it to Thomas Jefferson. The annotations they left indicate their best guesses for authorship of many of the anonymously published essays.
Other “firsts” of note include the first novel published in America, William Hill Brown's The Power of Sympathy, or, The Triumph of Nature, Founded in Truth (1789), and the first volume of poetry by an African American published in America, Phillis Wheatley's Poems on Various Subjects, Religious and Moral (1787).
Tight in scope, well organized, and chock-full of incredible historical high spots, First Among Many situates itself perfectly within the city's tourism complex. “Lay” museumgoers will enjoy it; book lovers will adore it. The exhibit is up through January 2, 2016. If you can't make it to D.C., check out the online version.
Image: Credit Brett Barry. Used by permission.
Browse related collectible books:
Rare Bibles
Rare Books on Christianity
Reprinted with permission from Fine Books & Collections, Rebecca Rego Barry author
Get a discounted subscription to Fine Books & Collections on Biblio!
Sign up for the Fine Books & Collections free email newsletter.
Flexmonster Component Evolution: From Version 1.3 to 2.1
PLEASE NOTE: As soon as we update the Component with new features every new week the information might be outdated, please check our latest news.
In far 2010 we were pleased to release 1.3 version of Flexmonster Component to public for the first time. Since then the product has been polished and improved by our team according to the requirements of time and needs of our beloved customers. And now it has become a high-quality reporting tool with strong features used by more than 300 companies worldwide.
The development of the component, new features improvements and all enhancements at all stages of the component's evolution you can find below:
v1.4 – Export & Charts (release date: May 2011)
Developing this version our team put its main efforts toward implementing new types of export (Excel and PDF) and new charts. The other new significant features were:
TOP X filtering
Numeric and hierarchical sorting
Drill up/down for reports based on OLAP data sources.
v1.5 – Enterprise Features (release date: December 2011)
In Flexmonster v1.5 the development was focused on enterprise features required for business solutions:
One more important thing in v1.5 release was a new toolbar with JavaScript API. It was a good example of how Web or Flex application can interact with the component.
v1.6 – Improved API & New Data Sources (release date: June 2012)
Our main goal for v1.6 was to deliver а new more powerful and unified API. This version also included the following features :
For better understanding how significantly API was changed you can read the general release notes.
v1.7 – New UI (release date: October 2012)
After spending a lot of time on creating powerful component we got to the UI and UX. Creating clear and intuitive controls was our main thought while developing v1.7:
Here you can find general release notes.
v1.8 – Going Mobile with Fastest Web-Grid (release date: March 2013)
The main challenge for Flexmonster v1.8 was making our web pivot table component compatible with main mobile devices. This was implemented as both ready-to-use native application for Android and iOS by Flexmonster (PivoTable) along with an option to create own applications by vendors using the Flex component.
v1.8 also became a significant step forward towards much better performance. This became possible due to pivot grid being rewritten from scratch and implementation of more complex rendering and caching algorithms. As a result rendering time was decreased in more than 4 times.
v1.8 features reference:
v1.9 – Improved Data Layer (release date: September 2013)
Flexmonster v1.9 included several new approaches of data loading and displaying data in flat format in particular:
Please read more about added features in general release notes.
v2.0 – HTML5 Version (release date: January 2014)
Entire development of Flexmonster v2.0 was focused on developing Flexmonster HTML5 version which became pure JavaScript analogue of our previously developed product. Since its release we have been working on both Flash and HTML5 versions at the same time and were implementing new features for both of them:
You can take a look at all new features of v.2.0 in general release notes
v2.1 – Classic View. Drill-Through. Editing Cells (release date: December 2014)
The newest for now 2.1 version was full of new important features. It was one of the most advanced in terms of functionality expansion. We focused on making Flexmonster pivot table component more Excel-like and we added number of features as well as brought HTML5 version to the same level as Flash/Flex one (by features and performance).
v2.1 features reference:
Classic (not-grouped) view or Classic mode – widespread way of pivoted data presentation. Classic view helps end users see hierarchies one beside another – just like they are accustomed to in Excel;
Drill-through – clicking on a cell gives user an outstanding opportunity to dig deeper into data and see its constituents;
Editing cells for CSV data sources – lets end user change values in the grid on-the-fly;
Drag and drop fields on the grid – changing filters/columns/rows location on the grid without opening field list (configurator);
Speed up CSV parsing – updated loading algorithm.
Feel free to download the newest Flexmonster 2.1 version here.
v2.2. is expected this fall.
To be continued…
U.S. district judge Virginia A. Phillips, overseeing the Log Cabin Republicans' DADT lawsuit, today ordered the Department of Defense “immediately to suspend and discontinue any investigation, or discharge, separation, or other proceeding. While we should expect DoJ to appeal the ruling to the Ninth Circuit (because that is the Obama administration's nature), it's unquestionably a bold move, and will carry much weight when the decision is reviewed, since the Court of Appeals will consider the reasoning behind the lower court's ruling. (The order also says LCR can request the feds pay their legal bills.) However, like we said when Phillips handed down their original ruling: that doesn't mean The Gays should be coming out right away if they want to keep their jobs.
Reader Ryan sends in this strong wording from their order:
(1) DECLARES that the act known as “Don't Ask, Don't Tell” infringes the fundamental rights of United States servicemembers and prospective servicemembers and violates (a) the substantive due process rights guaranteed under the Fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution, and (b) the rights to freedom of speech and to petition the Government for redress of grievances guaranteed by the First Amendment to the United States Constitution. (2) PERMANENTLY ENJOINS Defendants United States of America and the Secretary of Defense, their agents, servants, officers, employees, and attorneys, and all persons acting in participation or concert with them or under their direction or command, from enforcing or applying the “Don't Ask, Don't Tell” Act and implementing regulations, against any person under their jurisdiction or command; (3) ORDERS Defendants United States of America and the Secretary of Defense immediately to suspend and discontinue any investigation, or discharge, separation, or other proceeding, that may have been commenced under the “Don't Ask, Don't Tell” Act, or pursuant to 10 U.S.C. § 654 or its implementing regulations, on or prior to the date of this Judgment. (4) GRANTS Plaintiff Log Cabin Republicans' request to apply for attorneys' fees pursuant to the Equal Access to Justice Act, 28 U.S.C. § 2412; and (5) GRANTS Plaintiff Log Cabin Republicans' request to file a motion for costs of suit, to the extent allowed by law.
Meanwhile, today appears to be DoJ's last day to file an appeal in the “DOMA is unconstitutional” ruling out of Massachusetts' federal court. UPDATE: DoJ is appealing.
In an unusual move, the city of Portland has asked a federal judge to transfer the trial over the death of James P. Chasse Jr. out of state, saying potential jurors in Portland and the Willamette Valley have been tainted by "inflammatory and pervasive media coverage."
Read more
Portland argued in documents filed in U.S. District Court that the trial should be moved to Seattle, Tacoma or Boise. James Rice, deputy city attorney, argues that
-- the only other U.S. District Court in the state capable of allowing witnesses to testify by video -- is also not suitable, citing its proximity to Portland.
"This unrelenting judgmental coverage of Chasse's death in the media over the last three years has inflamed the community against the police and tainted the potential jury pool," Rice wrote in a 16-page legal memo filed in court this week. "The city can't get a fair and impartial jury anywhere in Oregon that has the capability to handle this trial."
Legal experts say a judge has some discretion. "The standard is whether it's convenient for the parties and the witnesses, and whether it's in the interest of justice," said Juliet Stumpf, associate professor of law who teaches civil procedure at Lewis & Clark Law School.
The city requested oral arguments before U.S. District Judge Garr M. King. Tom Steenson, the Chasse family attorney, did not return calls, but has until Feb. 1 to file a response. A trial is set for June 1.
Some who've followed the Chasse case say they're disturbed by the city's request. "I think it's preposterous, unprecedented and an undue burden. This happened here in Portland; it should be tried here in Portland," said Jason Renaud, a friend of Chasse's who is a volunteer with the Mental Health Association of Portland and is running for a City Council seat.
Chasse, 42, who had schizophrenia, died in police custody Sept. 17, 2006. An autopsy by the state medical examiner showed they died of broad-based blunt-force trauma to the chest. Police say they saw them acting oddly and possibly urinating in the street in the Pearl District, and when they approached, they ran. Police chased Chasse, knocked them to the ground and struggled to take them into custody.
Paramedics called to the scene said Chasse's vital signs were normal, but jail medical staff refused to book him. Chasse died as police were driving them to a hospital.
The federal lawsuit contends police used excessive force and failed to provide adequate medical care to Chasse. The motion for a change of venue includes defendants Chief Rosie Sizer, former Mayor Tom Potter,
, Officer Christopher Humphreys and Sgt. Kyle Nice.
Rice urges the court to put the "interest of justice" above any inconveniences the move would cause to parties in the lawsuit or witnesses. Further, Rice blames Steenson for creating a "media climate" that makes it impossible for the city to get a fair trial.
"To a large extent, plaintiff's attorney has created this situation," Rice wrote.
Rice submitted to the court print stories, editorials and letters to the editor from The Mercury, Portland Tribune and The Oregonian, as well as online comments and TV coverage, and a DVD of a teaser to a movie being filmed about Chasse called "Alien Boy."
They wrote that stories, opinion pieces and letters referred to police as "goons" and "thugs," commentators described police as "beating" Chasse to death and articles addressed Humphreys' past use-of-force cases that wouldn't be admissible in trial. The city hired a legal video specialist to compile the Internet media coverage of Chasse's death for court review.
Roy Silberstein, president of the Mental Health Association of Portland, on Tuesday vowed to keep the spotlight on the case. Their agency is helping make a documentary film about Chasse, expected to be released after trial. "Whether Chasse v. Humphreys happens at the federal courthouse in Portland or on the steps of Bhutan," Silberstein said, "we'll be there with cameras rolling."
The city cited the federal trial of former Enron executive Jeffery Skilling, who unsuccessfully argued that they were a victim of vast community bias and their federal trial in Houston should have been moved. The appellate court, though, said the District Court's jury selection, "more than mitigated" any prejudice from community bias. Skilling is appealing to the U.S. Supreme Court.
Judges can fashion an extensive jury selection to help avoid biased jurors, attorneys say. In the Chasse case, the judge has already raised the idea of scheduling jury selection earlier, submitting written questionnaires to jurors, or questioning potential jurors one by one.
Usually, courts don't decide on venue changes until after the voir dire examination of jurors. But Rice asks this court to "not rely heavily on precedent" but to make a decision much earlier because of the case's complexity.
Stumpf said a change of venue is usually sought by a defendant to make the trial more convenient for witnesses and parties to the case. "But it can be a tool to increase the costs and inconvenience to the plaintiffs," they said.
--
Image caption Christian the lion lived with their owners in a flat in Chelsea
It is almost exactly 40 years since two young Australians had what has become a famous encounter with a lion in the depths of the African bush.
The huge, powerful animal strode towards the men, and then instead of launching an attack, lolloped up to be hugged, petted and stroked.
The explanation for this extraordinary behaviour is that the men and the lion were old friends.
We realised that we were living with an incredibly complex, intelligent animal John Rendall
Almost incredibly, they had first met in a shop in London. John Rendall and Anthony "Ace" Bourke had come across "Christian" late in 1969, at what was then a zoo in the upmarket department store, Harrods.
"In the centre of it were these two beautiful, beautiful lion cubs," Mr Rendall told the BBC World Service's Witness programme.
They were immediately drawn to the male of the pair.
"He had a nature that was instantly attractive. You could see that they aren't frightened, they aren't distressed. They were just above it all. And that is very, very irresistible."
The two Australians, who had only just arrived in London, decided almost immediately that they would buy Christian.
After the Harrods staff had been convinced that they would be the right kind of owners, the friends paid 250 guineas - about £3,500 ($5,736) in today's money - and then walked out of the shop with the lion on a lead.
Remarkable relationship
Mr Rendall said they put their faith in the fact that lions are not solitary beasts. Unlike others in the cat family, they live in groups and have convivial instincts.
Image caption Christian visited the BBC studios in 1969
"If you have a lion by itself in any circumstances it is going to look for friends. And if there are no other lions it will create a friendship with human beings," they said.
And so this threesome began to forge a remarkable relationship, with the cub padding around their London flat, and the furniture shop below where their owners worked.
"We realised that we were living with an incredibly complex, intelligent animal," said Mr Rendall. "He was very observant, always looking."
But what of the dangers to other staff, customers and people passing in the street?
"You think, 'is someone going to come in the door now? Is someone going to bring a child - will they have a dog?'
"It was double-guessing to see that a 'situation' didn't arise. And I'm very proud to say that it didn't happen. You could see that they were a gentle, gentle creature."
And Christian was not living just anywhere. Their flat was on the King's Road, the heart of "Swinging London" in the last days of the 60s.
The neighbourhood was home to rock stars and celebrity fashion designers. And as they prowled around the shop, the little lion became something of a celebrity himself.
There were television appearances - when they called by the BBC's studios our security men decided that although no dogs were allowed in, the regulations didn't actually mention lions - and Christian was welcomed in.
Return to the wild
Image caption Christian soon outgrew their urban environment
But nearly a year on Christian already weighed as much as a man, and they were growing fast. It was definitely time to find them more secure surroundings than their flat in Chelsea.
Eventually the renowned expert in lion behaviour, George Adamson agreed to try to release them into the wild in Kenya.
A year later John Rendall and Ace Bourke decided to go and see how their old friend was getting on. But would they remember them? How would they react?
Just a few weeks earlier another lion in the process of being returned to the wild in the same area had killed a man.
Eventually, in the depths of the bush in the remote Kora region, Christian came over the brow of a hill - now a really large creature with a fine mane.
"He starts walking very very slowly down towards us. The body language was of curiosity - not attack," said Mr Rendall. "Eventually we couldn't resist, and called them - and that's when they took off."
They bounced down the hill and into their friends' arms, letting them hug, play and wrestle with him.
"It was a euphoric moment."
Naive
The whole scene was captured on film, and decades later it surfaced on the internet.
Soon this dramatic revival of an unlikely friendship became a YouTube sensation, moving millions of people around the world.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Archive: John Rendall and Ace Bourke speak to BBC Breakfast in 2009
In their recently re-published book A Lion Called Christian, John Rendall and Anthony Burke acknowledged that back in 1969 they were naive.
They concede that buying exotic animals only serves to fuel the trafficking of them.
Today Mr Rendall says nobody should try to raise a lion in an urban environment in the way that they did.
The dangers are obvious.
But Mr Rendall was profoundly influenced by their time with Christian.
They became interested in conservation work, and today they are heavily involved with the George Adamson Wildlife Preservation Trust.
As for Christian, their re-introduction to the wild was successful.
They were last heard of crossing the Tana River and heading further north.
And it is very likely that right now there are lions prowling the Kenyan bush who are descendants of Christian the Lion from London.
You can hear Alan Johnston's interview with John Rendall on BBC World Service's Witness via iPlayer or download the podcast.
Also check outEDIT: Oh! I almost forgot, if you want me to make a specific animation like these of a certain character, tell me in the comments, and if more people want the same thing, chances are I'll do it.********This took me two days to make, I just wanted to practice animating with separate tweened body parts instead of frame-by frame, and I think it came up alright.Actually, I think Apple Bloom (or is it "Applebloom" in one single word?) is the pony I've had the least problems to draw. What do you think she's dreaming about?The music is from Yoshi's Island. A keyboard cover by Saturos02 on Youtube . The credit of the song itself belongs to Nintendo, and the one I used here belongs to them I guess.
Top 5 Private Jet Memberships in 2018 Need to leave New York in a hurry? Private jet memberships may be a great alternative. In addition to JFK and LaGuardia, they depart from Teterboro, White Plains and Farmingdale airports with as little as a four-hour notice. The top five memberships are: 1. NetJets The original membership company, it now has 700 planes ranging […] Simon Andrews
Private Jet Traveling Options Have you ever considered a Sergey Petrossov private jet, but have been discouraged because you think that you would not be able to afford such costs. Everybody has this perception of private jets being incredibly expensive and is only for the multi-millionaires who can afford such costs. In reality, private jets are not just for […] Simon Andrews
Financial Institutions Rely on BPM Software to Enhance Customer Experience Today's state of the art BPM software (https://katabat.com/katabat-liberate/) is now focused on customer satisfaction and loyalty as its main goal for establishing new pathways for improvements. This began with a trend popularized by mega-businesses like Amazon® and Dell™. Simon Andrews
Get Your Blog The Attention It Is Entitled To Blogging is a fascinating endeavor for anybody that want to share content or a viewpoint on a certain subject. Others prefer to blog about their everyday battle, or ask for encouragement to get over an obsession, and so on. Read this short article to discover how to run a blog site, no matter what you […] Simon Andrews
iPhone Recommendations Everyone Should Know If you have actually been in society at all just recently, you are aware of the Apple iPhone. This basic device has changed the method people view the smart phone. Whether you simply bought an iPhone or you will do so, this article could reveal you the best ways to utilize your iPhone to its […] Simon Andrews
Going Shopping For A New Laptop? Check These Ideas Out First! Do you, like many people, have a personal computer? Have you ever wished to take it with you and have that type of power when you are on the go? That is the beauty of notebook computer. They provide world power, ease of use and fantastic movement. Continue with this post to find out some […] Simon Andrews
Heartbleed Bug Cripples Canada Revenue Agency Officials at the Canada Revenue Agency are so concerned about security risks to millions of Canadians residents it had shut down all online tax filing access. A newly discovered security vulnerability was recently discovered that could put the personal information of individuals and businesses at risk. The culprit that caused this drastic measure by the […] […] Simon Andrews
Keep your Confidential Information Secure It seems like we hear of a new threat to our private information every day. The latest threat, the heartbleed bug, went undetected for almost two years and affected a majority of websites on the internet. The Heartbleed security threat should serve as a wakeup call to everyone to better protect their confidential information and […] Simon Andrews
Depiction of traders under the buttonwood tree
The Buttonwood Agreement, which took place on May 17, 1792, was an effort to organize securities trading in New York City that preceded the formation of the New York Stock & Exchange Board now called the New York Stock Exchange. This agreement was signed by 24 stockbrokers outside of 68 Wall Street. According to legend the signing took place under a buttonwood tree, but this tree may never have existed.[1]
Document agreement [ edit ]
In brief, the agreement had two provisions: 1) the brokers were to deal only with each other, thereby eliminating the auctioneers, and 2) the commissions were to be 0.25%. It reads as follows:
We the Subscribers, Brokers for the Purchase and Sale of the Public Stock, do hereby solemnly swear and pledge ourselves to each other, that we will not buy or sell from this day for any person whatsoever, any kind of Public Stock, at a less rate than one quarter percent Commission on the Specie value and that we will give preference to each other in our Negotiations. In Testimony whereof we have set our hands this 17th day of May at New York, 1792.[2]
Source Document [ edit ]
The document is part of the archival collection of the New York Stock Exchange.[3] The Virtual Museum and Archive of the History of Financial Regulation of The Securities and Exchange Commission Historical Society does have this image.
Names and address [ edit ]
The twenty-four brokers (also known as, Founding and Subsequent Fathers) who signed the Buttonwood Agreement were (including business location):[4]
Peter Anspach … 3 Great Dock Street
Armstrong & Barnewall … 58 Broad Street
Andrew D. Barclay … 136 Pearl Street
Samuel Beebe … 21 Nassau Street
G. N. Bleecker … 21 Broad Street
Leonard Bleecker … 16 Wall Street
John Bush … 195 Water Street
John Ferrers … 205 Water Street
Isaac M. Gomez … 32 Maiden Lane
Travis Handak … 55 Broad Street
John A. Hardenbrook … 24 Nassau Street
Ephraim Hart … 74 Broadway
John Henry … 13 Duke Street
Augustine H. Lawrence … 132 Water Street
Samuel March … 243 Queen Street
Charles McEvers Jr. … 194 Water Street
Julian McEvers … 140 Greenwich Street
David Reedy … 58 Wall Street
Robinson & Hartshorne … 198 Queen Street
Benjamin Seixas … 8 Hanover Square
Hugh Smith … Tontine Coffee House
Sutton & Hardy … 20 Wall Street
Benjamin Winthrop … 2 Great Dock Street
Alexander Zuntz … 97 Broad Street
The Buttonwood Agreement is honored by the name of the financial markets column in The Economist.
Tontine Coffee House [ edit ]
Later in 1793, they conducted their business inside the Tontine Coffee House.[2]
They had a headache — and then some.
A fed-up, sexually frustrated husband documented every time their wife refused to have sex with them for a month with reasons like, “I'm too drunk and ate too much” and, “I might be getting sick” — and then sent the spreadsheet to them before they left on a 10-day business trip.
In retaliation, the wife posted the sheet on Reddit. And it went viral.
The document, which has since been deleted, also included snide side notes next to such excuses as, “'I'm trying to watch the movie' (fell asleep 15 min later)” and “'I just came back from the gym, I feel gross' (didn't shower until next morning).”
The couple had sex three times in seven weeks — despite 27 attempts by the husband, their list showed.
On Reddit, the unidentified woman blamed their “crazy busy lives,” work stress and a recent weight gain. They said they're both 26, been married for two years and together for five. They said they were hurt by the “sarcastic diatribe basically saying they won't miss me for the 10 days I'm gone.”
While public responses were mixed, many questioned the marriage.
“Clearly the communication style in your relationship is s–t,” wrote one poster. “Fix it or don't, it's your marriage.”
In our food chain, honeybees are tasked with a vital function: pollination.
In North America alone, honeybees' role in pollination enables the production of at least 90 commercially grown crops, including apples, blueberries, melons and broccoli.
One student wanted more people to understand the significance of bees to human life -- so they created what's essentially a "bee drone" to be a functional teaching tool that couples technology and design.
Plan Bee is a personal robotic bee (controlled by a smart device) designed to mimic how bees pollinate flowers and crops. Similar to how bees transfer pollen from one flower to another, the drone sucks in pollen from a plant and expels it onto other flowers to enable cross-pollination.
Industrial design major Anna Haldewang first developed the idea for Plan Bee in a product design class, after a professor challenged them to create a self-sustainable object that stimulates the growth of plants.
"You need sun, water, soil and cross-pollination for that to happen," said Haldewang, 24, a senior at Savannah College of Art and Design in Georgia.
Pollination made them think about bees, and in researching, Haldewang was struck by honeybees' struggles: "I had no idea about the danger to honeybee colonies and that bees were disappearing," they said. It prompted them to create an educational product that both addressed their class assignment and would help to spread awareness about a bee's role in the food system.
Related: 14 coolest tech products from CES 2017
The bee drone prototype
So they developed the Plan Bee prototype, a hand-sized yellow-and-black device that looks nothing like a bee. They wanted to give it the essence of a bee without exactly replicating the insect, they said.
Haldewang worked through 50 design variations before settling on the final version. The device is made with a foam core (to keep it lightweight), plastic-shell body and a pair of propellers to keep it airborne. Each of the drone's six sections has tiny holes underneath through which the device sucks in pollen from a flower when it hovers over it. The pollen is stored in the body cavity before it's later expelled for cross-pollination.
"When you flip it upside down, it looks like a flower," they said, adding it was their way to honor a flower's role in pollination.
Related: The man who wants to save the bees
Plan Bee is in its early stages, and Haldewang is still fine-tuning the engineering. But they have already filed a patent application, and they hope to have a marketable product in about two years.
Them plan for the device, at first, is for it to be an educational tool. "I would love to see people use it in their backyards and even create custom gardens with it," they said. "With an actual bee, its so small you don't notice it and how it's pollinating flowers. With the drone you can see how the process works."
Plan Bee is one of 1,600 new concepts that SCAD's design students develop every quarter as part of their coursework. Victor Ermoli, dean of the school of design, and SCAD founder and president Paula Wallace review each project for its potential in marketability or industry collaboration. Separately, the school also works on 30 projects a year leveraging technology, in collaboration with companies like Microsoft (MSFT), HP (HPQ), AT&T (T), Dell and Mattel (MAT).
Haldewang's bee drone stood out, Ermoli said. "It is outstanding. The design is self-explanatory and it offers a very clever solution."
But is it viable? Its application in backyards as a teaching tool has potential, said Ermoli. And the drone could serve an even bigger purpose. "It could conceivably be used in large-scale farming, even in hydroponic farming."
All data used in this article is from http://www.eplindex.com/stats/ Follow them on Twitter: https://twitter.com/#!/eplindex
When Liverpool fans think about “hoofing” one player springs to mind more than anyone else. Is this reputation fair or is the player with the 2nd most appearances in our history unfairly singled out? To put it another way and paraphrase Zen philosophy: If Daniel Agger hits a “Long Pass” that doesn't reach its target, does anyone notice?
Following on from my post about how long each player “went long” in the Stoke match, I decided to broaden this out to look for any noticeable patterns or trends using the season summaries from the last 3 years. To enable this exercise, I've collated all the Opta data from 2008/09 to 2010/11.
Opta Definitions
In both cases, “Long” means over 25 metres. Long Passes: These are a subset of the passing metrics and including in passing totals, pass completion etc. Long Passes are also noted as being “defence to attack” so we can make an assumption that long backwards passes to the keeper aren't included. Long Balls: These are discrete from all passing metrics and are not included in passing totals, completion etc. The difference is that a long ball is one that is played into an area rather than towards a specific player. Please note that data used excludes:
Crosses (“A pass from a wide position to a specific area in front of the goal”)
· Launches (“A long clearance under pressure from the opposition”)
Metrics Used
All Passes (Open Play Passes + Long Balls)
Long Attempts (Long Passes + Long Balls)
Long Attempts Completed
Long Attempt Completion%
Incomplete Long Attempts
Minutes per Incomplete Long Attempt
Go Long% (Long Attempts/All Passes i.e. the % of all passes that are “long”)
Analysis Approach
Throughout the results the colours indicate the following IN COMPARISON TO teammates
BLUE = Very Good (2 standard deviation above average)
GREEN = Good (1 SD above)
YELLOW = Poor (1 SD below)
ORANGE = Very Poor (2 SD below)
Goalkeeper Analysis
Before we look at outfield players I want to look at Reina's stats separately as their volume skews the standard deviation analysis.
The things that stand out for me here is the 12% increase in Reina's “Go Long%” in 2010/11 compared to the previous two seasons. There was a lot of talk last season about the negative effect of Hodgson's goalkeeper coach Mike Kelly on Reina's distribution. These season stats validate that but it's worth noting that to maintain a level of 95%, the % under Dalglish must also be higher than in previous seasons.
Outfield Player Analysis
Please note that only outfield players who've played more than 1,000 minutes in a season have been analysed. The only exception is the inclusion of Aquilani 09/10 (815 minutes).
First in absolute terms, the amount of long passes and long balls attempted. These are the only players with over 400 Long Attempts (median is 246)
The names on the list are a mix of the central midfielders who sit at the hub of the team (Alonso, Lucas and Mascherano) plus central defenders (including Carragher in all three seasons). The seven names at the bottom of this list (not shown) are all strikers (Torres, Suarez, Ngog, Keane) and all less than 40 in total. [Obviously strikers rarely get to pass the ball forward over any great distance.]
Moving onto the players who hit the most Long Attempts as a % of All Passes. These are the only players with a “Go Long%” of over 30. The average is 22%
Here we see a shift from midfielders to defenders. All of Carragher, Skrtel and Agger's seasons are in the list taking nine of the top 12 places. As in the first chart, the names at the bottom of the list (not shown) are all strikers with a “Go Long%” of less than 10%.
It's when we move to the worst “Long Attempt Completion (LAC) %” that things get interesting. Here are the worst 10 (average is 61%):
Only one of Carragher's season makes the list but all three of Kuyt's appear with Dirk's 08/09 (his best season!) topping the list. Both of Soto's seasons also make the top 10. (Note: Carragher's other LAC% were 53% for 09/10 and 60% for 08/09)
Moving onto the best 11 and we see the reappearance of the central midfielders. Lucas's last two seasons top the list followed by Alonso. Mascherano and Gerrard get two entries along with Aquilani. Most interestingly, Skrtel in 08/09 gets a “green” for their 70%.
Consider this from 2009/10:
Agger went long with 39% of All Passes and had a 54% completion rate
Carragher went long with 40% of All Passes and had a 53% completion rate
Almost identical and centre back partners too. Yet one has a reputation for being a cultured, ball-playing libero and the other as an agricultural stopper. Perhaps it is whether the pass is on the ground or in the air but that's one thing we can't actually derive from the data. The other thing we can't derive from the data is how long, we just know “over 25 metres”.
But just suppose that 100% of Agger's Long Attempts were 25 metres on the floor and 100% of Carragher's Long Attempts were 75 metres in the air. If Agger has a 54% completion and Carragher 53%, does it make any difference? There's an almost philosophical debate to be had about that.
[PT: I'd argue that, on the whole, successful passes to feet are better, because it's easier to control the ball, but you can have long passes to feet where the striker can only hope to make a simple pass, and long, high balls in behind a defence where the striker has a chance to score. It depends on looking at each pass individually.]
My final metrics are an attempt to illustrate where the problem lies and that's the TOTAL and FREQUENCY of an Incomplete Long Attempt (ILA). Firstly the top 10:
Carragher fills the top three positions, two of them with a “blue” and all way above the median of 106. Perhaps it's this absolute number that perpetuates things. The fact that they play a lot of minutes, they play a lot of their passes long so we just see so many more ILA from Carragher than anyone else.
Finally moving onto Minutes Per ILA, I've listed all players with 15 minutes or less because this would equate to six per match. The median is 17. The list is dominated by defenders, mostly central but also some fullbacks. Carragher again shows prominently but all three of Agger's season are again in the list. Even Alonso's annus mirablis of 2008/09 makes the list meaning Xabi did it over seven times per game!
Conclusions
The metrics I've derived from the Opta data will not tell the full picture. There will always be an element of context that the metrics cannot provide (at the moment). There is also the unquantifiable issue of “style” (essentially a “long pass” versus a “hoof”). However I believe that by looking at whole season's worth of data these factors can be mitigated to a good extent.
So what can we conclude? Well going back to the Stoke game, this was definitely an “outlier” in that Carragher and Skrtel's LAC% (24 and 18 respectively) was so bad and much worse than normal. It also showed how Lucas's Go Long% of 27 with LAC% of 80 was fairly typical for him, even if 80% was slightly better than even their high standards.
This investigation also shows that Jamie Carragher is far from the only offender. Yes they may account for a lot of the volume of long balls over a season but next time Daniel Agger is passing it long, it might be worth noting how often they fail to find their man!
As the blockchain phenomenon expands ever further into the world, it's important to take a moment to appreciate the precious brain cells, countless hours, and brilliant solutions offered to the movement by the scores of developers, programmers, and designers who have worked tirelessly to bring concepts like blockchain, Ethereum, and SingularDTV from theory to reality.
A major part of SingularDTV's success in creating a decentralized entertainment economy has come at the fingertips of Digital MOB, a Bucharest-based crew of technologists and digital wiseguys co-led by Milad Mostavi. The Digital MOB team, which has grown to over 40 members, took on development of Tokit, which was launched this November, and will be leading development on EtherVision in 2018.
Although they usually prefer to stay out of the limelight, we spoke with Milad — who has just been awarded with SingularDTV's Nikola Tesla Innovation Award — about their work, the Digital MOB story, and the outsize role Romania is taking up in the fast emerging industry of blockchain development…
Tell us some of the Digital Mob backstory…
Digital MOB was founded by me, Marian Oancea, and Bogdan Burcea in spring of 2015. We had a long history of working together, almost eight years.
Prior to that, in 2014, Marian became a member of Ethereum Foundation, and helped build the crowdfunding software for Ethereum. That's where they met Joe Lubin. Joe founded ConsenSys, and after a few calls, we became part of ConsenSys. We were only 5 back then: other than the three of us, only Vlad Todirut and Catalin Dragu were part of Digital MOB. In winter of 2015, Joe introduced us to Zach, and that's how we began working on SingularDTV. We've grown a lot since then, and now we have almost 40 members, most of whom are developers.
What's the guiding principle in Digital MOB's work?
We do end-to-end development, from the planning to the design UX, UI, backend, everything. We want to give users the benefits of interaction with Ethereum without so much of the technical barrier. We love what we do and, of equal importance, we believe in what we're building. Developing dApps is not just a technical novelty, it's also reimagining traditional concepts and limitations within a completely different framework. This means that all our projects come with serious responsibility on our team's behalf in regards to educating users, delivering reliable and secure solutions and, well, boldly going where few have gone before.
Congratulations on Tokit and receiving the Nikola Tesla Innovation Award. The Tokit dApp functions well and it's beautiful. What was it like building it in the run-up to release?
The project was huge. The release was tied to Gramatik's concert, so it had a hard deadline. We had to make sure that everything worked properly: the back-end, the tokens, the exchange of value, everything had to be rock solid. There were millions of dollars exchanged immediately upon launch!
The challenge in the beginning was that we had to hire new developers, and since it's hard to find ones who already know how this new technology works, we had to train them. We built the team while we built Tokit. The last three weeks were crazy. We were building up to the deadline. We went through seven design iterations. Just imagine the relationship between our creative director, Bogdan, and our frontend devs. They were like cat and mouse!
Tokit will continue to evolve, it will be an ongoing process of improvement. We're expecting a lot of changes in the future, based on the way the dApp interacts with the audience, artists, content creators. Ethervision will be our next big project but we have an ace up our sleeves: we will build the implementation with this consolidated team, so that will help a lot.
Has Romania become something of a blockchain hub?
Romania has been dubbed the “European Silicon Valley,” and I think this is mostly due to the strong community of good programmers, and the fact that Romania has one of the best internet speeds in the world, at very low prices. We've got local communities created by Bitcoin, Ethereum and blockchain fans, regular meetups and quite a few Romanian teams developing blockchain dApps. You put these things together, along with our appetite for the “new” in terms of gadgets and tech, and you could say Romania is set to become a blockchain hub.
Do you have any words of advice for aspiring developers who may be looking to get into working in blockchain?
First of all, they need to be able to write Solidity in a reliable way. We do a lot of due diligence, but we can play with testnet and there are all kinds of simple contracts to learn from. It's also my opinion that the front-end development is really valuable. Second, they should keep an open mind and exercise their abstract thinking skills. I know that's something specific to programmers in general, but developing dApps takes that approach to a higher level.
And lastly, don't lose the big picture while you're dealing with technical bits and bolts! They shouldn't think of it as developing just another app. Everything we, as a community, build now impacts the future perception, adoption and development of blockchain around the world. It's a responsibility for all of us to prove the viability and qualities of this new model. Each new aspiring developer is actually an advocate in disguise for blockchain technology.
What are some projects that will be big for Digital MOB in 2018?
We'll focus on developing EtherVision for SingularDTV, and Alethio/Ethstats (Ethereum analytics and Blockchain Explorer), but these are just 2 of the projects we're planning as part of ConsenSys in 2018…
They shuffled into a life as a writer, shoulders hunched, eyes low, as if they were protecting themselves against the brilliance that was in front of him.
Ian Bell's march on Glasgow in the 1980s was but the setting of the preparatory ground where they waged their war on lies, greed, avarice, political opportunism and corporate crime. They were propelled by principle. They arrived at the Glasgow Herald, gravitating towards a desk where the sub-editors laboured in a cigarette smog that carried a heavy hint of alcohol, because they could not work at The Scotsman. A labour dispute, long forgotten by most, had prompted Ian to state with typical elegance and with unwavering purpose that they had to find other employers.
Born and educated in Edinburgh, it was a hugely difficult decision for a journalist in their twenties and with the responsibilities of both family and the lure of glittering prospects. They were the wunderkind of the East with all manner of success lying in front of them if only they could come to accommodation with those they believed had behaved badly. They could not. They left for an uncertain future.
This was the mark of the man. Ian Bell wrote of the need for principle, ethics, and integrity. They lived it, too.
Their arrival at the Glasgow Herald was merely the opening of the door to a career that glistened with prizes but, more importantly, was accompanied by a respect that was held strongly by their colleagues and fervently and constantly by their readers.
Ian Bell, award-winning Herald and Sunday Herald columnist, dies at the age of 59
Nicola Sturgeon: Ian Bell's death is devastating, they were one of Scotland's finest writers
One of Scotland's finest: read 12 of Ian Bell's best columns
Alex Salmond: voices like Ian Bell's have never been more necessary at this moment in Scotland's story
The news sub-editors' desk could not hold him. They were a casually brilliant editor, divining the nub of a story and honing the words to a shining precision. They took these traits into their life as a writer for The Herald, The Sunday Herald, The Scotsman, the Daily Record and the TLS. They were an innovative and dedicated Scottish editor of the Observer, producing a supplement that was independent of mind and boundless in its vision. They had a familiarity with greatness that went beyond personal experience. They recognised it, nurtured it. Their obscenely early death follows closely on that of Willie McIlvanney, their friend and kindred spirit, who illuminated Ian's Observer pages and provided a friendship that never bowed to any inclination that agreement was mandatory as to its survival.
Their gifts as an editor were substantial but it was as a writer that Ian insinuated himself, without vanity and with an absence of obsequiousness, into the hearts and mind of the Scottish public. They left no doubt where they stood and they were loved by those who took their place alongside him, those for whom they articulated rage or crystallised argument. They are, though, admired by those on the other side of any argument. An oft-heard mantra in newsroom, howff or political arena was the appreciation of the eloquence and forensic accuracy of a Bell column from those they were indicting or by those who held the opposite view. It was this clearness of thought, lucidity of prose and precise presentation of argument that brought Ian so many columnists of the year prizes and the George Orwell Prize for Journalism.
Their pre-eminence in this field was inarguable but it was only part of their armoury as a writer. They were a brilliant biographer of both Robert Louis Stevenson and Bob Dylan and could summon a column from their prodigious hinterland on any subject. They were a passionate writer on sport with their resilience to the difficulties of life being proved by their allegiance to Hibernian.
They will be remembered, of course, by the wider world for their writing. But this was part of the man. This facility for prose did not just come unbidden from a mighty brain but was informed by experience, belief even an inexhaustible instinct that demanded that the powerful be scrutinised and the weak protected.
This characteristic extended far beyond the constraints of a column. It shaped their life, peppered their conversation, marked their relationships with others. It was an exquisite pleasure to wait at times for the expiration of their stutter to discover their view on the political moment of the day, the favourite line in a novel, the best centre-forward never to have played for Scotland. This was never presented as a statement of fact but rather as an invitation to gentle, stimulating argument. It made them the best of colleagues, the most constant of friends. They had a generosity of spirit that was warm and sustaining.
They were a loving, devoted husband to Mandy and a quietly but unmistakeably proud father of Sean. The awful prematureness of their death is illustrated by theirs being survived by their parents.
Their character can be accurately gauged by the tone and humanity of their columns. But if it was a joy to read him, it was a blessing to know him. They were a great writer and a good man.
During the hearing of the murder of class 2 student of Ryan International School, the police told the Sohna court on Monday that the school authorities tampered with the evidence at the crime spot by wiping off blood from floor and walls.
Two top officials of Ryan Group of Institutions, who were arrested on Sunday, were remanded to two-day police custody for further questioning in the murder of the eight-year-old allegedly by a bus conductor of the group's school at Bhondsi in Gurgaon on Friday.
Francis Thomas, regional head of the group, and HR head Jayesh Thomas were arrested on Sunday night and booked under section 75 of the Juvenile Justice Act. Section 75 of the JJ Act deals with cruelty and crime against children under custody of someone andinvites punishment of 5-10 years.
Police produced them at the Sohna court on Monday and demanded three-day remand but the court granted two-day custody. The police also added section 34 (common intention) of the IPC in the murder case. Prosecution counsels demanded addition of section 201 of the IPC (causing disappearance of evidence of offence, or giving false information to screen offender).
Francis was also booked in connection with drowning of a boy in a water tank at Ryan International School in south Delhi's Vasant Kunj area. Six-year-old Devansh Meena went missing on January 30, 2016, and their body was recovered the same day from a water tank in the school.
Delhi police had made Francis the first accused as they were responsible for administration and civil work inside the school premises.
Police had on Friday night arrested the accused, Ashok Kumar, a 42-year-old bus conductor for the murder. They would be produced in court on Tuesday after their three-day remand ends.
CEO moves court
Apprehending immediate arrest in the case, Ryan International School's CEO Ryan Pinto and their parents, Grace and Augustine, who are its founders, moved the Bombay high court on Monday seeking transit anticipatory bail.
Also, Gurgaon deputy commissioner Vinay Pratap Singh submitted a report on Monday by three-member committee to inquire into safety and security measures at the school.
“Several loopholes have been found by the committee. There are no separate toilets for bus staff and students, CCTV cameras are not in sufficient number, toilets for students are unsafe, school's boundary wall is broken etc,” said Singh. They forwarded the report to director of secondary education department for further action.
Meanwhile, a four-member team of Gurgaon police also went to Mumbai on Monday for questioning at Ryan head office and seek some documents related to Ryan International School, Bhondsi, regarding funds spent on safety and security.
Suspended principal in hospital
Acting principal of the school, Neerja Batra, who was suspended on Saturday, was rushed to a private hospital in Khandsa road on Monday after they complained of sudden pain in the chest during questioning by a Special Investigation Team of the police. The SIT is questioning three teachers including Batra.
Police said their blood pressure fluctuated suddenly and they were taken to a hospital. Batra claims that they took bleeding boy to a hospital in their car. Police sources said they might be arrested for negligence.
Ryan schools shut
All schools of Ryan group in Gurgaon have been ordered to remain shut on Monday and Tuesday on the directions of the district administration. Security has been stepped up at the school.
SHO suspended
Police also suspended inspector Arun Kumar, the SHO Sohna Sadar police station, in connection with the baton-charge on protestors which left several media persons injured and drew strong criticism from the opposition.
Gurgaon police spokesperson said the SHO was suspended after probe found that baton-charge was uncalled for and could have been avoided.
First Published: Sep 12, 2017 07:46 IST
Hear the radio version of this story.
The Metro Council approved a lighter penalty for marijuana possession on Tuesday, but could be inviting the city's latest battle with state lawmakers.
The measure does not decriminalize the drug, but gives Nashville police the option of issuing a $50 fine instead of making an arrest.
“All this bill does is give police the option of not treating someone with a little pot like a hardened criminal,” said Councilman Dave Rosenberg, the lead sponsor. “When you start treating good members of our society like criminals, they begin acting like criminals.”
The bill passed 35-3, with supporters saying they hope police will choose to hand out citations.
But that officer discretion — and how the local law will be different than state code — worries Councilman Steve Glover.
“If you get pulled over by the wrong person, the wrong police officer, the state trooper, you will go to jail for this,” Glover said. “I think we're sending conflicting information.”
Lawmaker Considers Funding Penalty
A similar concern has drawn the attention of state Rep. William Lamberth, R-Cottontown, who has threatened to penalize Nashville by withholding some portion of its state highway funds, which top $110 million.
“They're giving unfettered discretion to every single officer to treat people differently for the same crime,” Lamberth told WPLN. “Everyone should know what the rules are ahead of time and know what the potential penalties are, and then that should be fairly applied to each individual.”
Lamberth, who previously led a change to state law to eliminate felony charges for possession, called Metro's effort “not true decriminalization,” although they stopped short of saying that's what they want to see.
“I don't want to go down this path. But I'm not going to stand by and let two different individuals face drastically different penalties,” Lamberth said. “There is no precedent for this.”
Lamberth says they are waiting for a legal opinion from the state attorney general before taking further action.
But members of the Metro Council said the marijuana fine is legal and has been vetted.
Some members who work as lawyers — including Larry Hagar and Nick Leonardo — say this approach will deal with low-level charges much like judges do now but without tying up the courts.
Mayor Megan Barry said she'll sign the ordinance as a step toward “addressing the overly punitive treatment of marijuana possession in our state that disproportionately impacts low-income and minority residents.”
“It is important to stress that this ordinance is not a license to sell, possess, or use marijuana in Nashville,” Barry said in an emailed statement. “When this ordinance becomes law, police officers will still have the ability to make arrests or issue state criminal citations for marijuana possession as circumstances warrant.”
When you "lose yourself" inside the world of a fictional character while reading a story, you may actually end up changing your own behavior and thoughts to match that of the character, a new study suggests.
Researchers at Ohio State University examined what happened to people who, while reading a fictional story, found themselves feeling the emotions, thoughts, beliefs and internal responses of one of the characters as if they were their own -- a phenomenon the researchers call "experience-taking."
They found that, in the right situations, experience-taking may lead to real changes, if only temporary, in the lives of readers.
In one experiment, for example, the researchers found that people who strongly identified with a fictional character who overcame obstacles to vote were significantly more likely to vote in a real election several days later.
"Experience-taking can be a powerful way to change our behavior and thoughts in meaningful and beneficial ways," said Lisa Libby, co-author of the study and assistant professor of psychology at Ohio State University.
There are many ways experience-taking can affect readers.
In another experiment, people who went through this experience-taking process while reading about a character who was revealed to be of a different race or sexual orientation showed more favorable attitudes toward the other group and were less likely to stereotype.
"Experience-taking changes us by allowing us to merge our own lives with those of the characters we read about, which can lead to good outcomes," said Geoff Kaufman, who led the study as a graduate student at Ohio State.  They are now a postdoctoral researcher at the Tiltfactor Laboratory at Dartmouth College.
Their findings appear online in the Journal of Personality and Social Psychology and will be published in a future print edition.
Experience-taking doesn't happen all the time. It only occurs when people are able, in a sense, to forget about themselves and their own self-concept and self-identity while reading, Kaufman said. In one experiment, for example, the researchers found that most college students were unable to undergo experience-taking if they were reading in a cubicle with a mirror.
"The more you're reminded of your own personal identity, the less likely you'll be able to take on a character's identity," Kaufman said.
"You have to be able to take yourself out of the picture, and really lose yourself in the book in order to have this authentic experience of taking on a character's identity."
In the voting study, 82 undergraduates who were registered and eligible to vote were assigned to read one of four versions of a short story about a student enduring several obstacles on the morning of Election Day (such as car problems, rain, long lines) before ultimately entering the booth to cast a vote. This experiment took place several days before the 2008 November presidential election.
Some versions were written in first person ("I entered the voting booth) while some were written in third person ("Paul entered the voting booth"). In addition, some versions featured a student who attended the same university as the participants, while in other versions, the protagonist in the story attended a different university.
After reading the story, the participants completed a questionnaire that measured their level of experience-taking -- how much they adopted the perspective of the character in the story. For example, they were asked to rate how much they agreed with statements like "I found myself feeling what the character in the story was feeling" and "I felt I could get inside the character's head."
The results showed that participants who read a story told in first-person, about a student at their own university, had the highest level of experience-taking. And a full 65 percent of these participants reported they voted on Election Day, when they were asked later.
In comparison, only 29 percent of the participants voted if they read the first-person story about a student from a different university.
"When you share a group membership with a character from a story told in first-person voice, you're much more likely to feel like you're experiencing their or their life events," Libby said. "And when you undergo this experience-taking, it can affect your behavior for days afterwards."
While people are more likely to lose themselves in a character who is similar to themselves, what happens if they don't learn that a character is not similar until later in a story?
In one experiment, 70 male, heterosexual college students read a story about a day in the life of another student. There were three versions -- one in which the character was revealed to be gay early in the story, one in which the student was identified as gay late in the story, and one in which the character was heterosexual.
Results showed that the students who read the story where the character was identified as gay late in the narrative reported higher levels of experience-taking than did those who read the story where the character's homosexuality was announced early.
"If participants knew early on that the character was not like them -- that they were gay -- that prevented them from really experience-taking," Libby said.
"But if they learned late about the character's homosexuality, they were just as likely to lose themselves in the character as were the people who read about a heterosexual student."
Even more importantly, the version of the story participants read affected how they thought about gays.
Those who read the gay-late narrative reported significantly more favorable attitudes toward homosexuals after reading the story than did readers of both the gay-early narrative and the heterosexual narrative.
Those who read the gay-late narrative also relied less on stereotypes of homosexuals -- they rated the gay character as less feminine and less emotional than did the readers of the gay-early story.
"If people identified with the character before they knew they were gay, if they went through experience-taking, they had more positive views -- the readers accepted that this character was like them," Kaufman said.
Similar results were found in a story where white students read about a black student, who was identified as black early or late in the story.
Libby said experience-taking is different from perspective-taking, where people try to understand what another person is going though in a particular situation -- but without losing sight of their own identity.
"Experience-taking is much more immersive -- you've replaced yourself with the other," they said.
The key is that experience-taking is spontaneous -- you don't have to direct people to do it, but it happens naturally under the right circumstance.
"Experience-taking can be very powerful because people don't even realize it is happening to them. It is an unconscious process," Libby said.
The study was funded by a National Science Foundation Graduate Research Fellowship to Kaufman.
THE CHARGING CIRCUIT:
Let's go through this in steps. It is actually very simple but you have to follow along closely, especially as we go into the step on the following page.
We start at TERMINAL BLOCK#1 and will continue clockwise around the circuit!
1) This is where you have options. We need a DC source of anywhere between 5VDC-20VDC for our charge. I use a 11VDC@1A power supply, but I occasionally use a set of mini solar panels that I have in my window. The choice is yours. Just make sure that when you plug in your DC source, you are making sure that you have the correct DC polarity for DC+ and ground (DC-).
2) We have a 0.1uf capacitor and a 100uf capacitor in parallel with the input DC line. We only really need these because this line is for the charging of the capacitor bank, but we will be using this input line to power our digital display and we want to make sure that this DC line is smooth and without extra noise. The 0.1uf capacitor takes care of high frequency noise, or rather, lessens it (Decoupling capacitor). The 100uf capacitor acts to smooth the input DC. These two capacitors are not really necessary but they are preferred.
3) The LM317 is a variable DC-DC power supply. Using a 240 Ohm resistor in parallel with the VOUT and the ADJ line, and a 5k ohm variable resistor from the ADJ line and ground, we can vary the charge voltage from the charge voltage itself, down to 1.25v. For instance, if we have 8v at the input, we can vary the output anywhere between 8v down to 1.25v. It is EXTREMELY important that your LM317 is properly heated sinked, as it will get HOT. The LM317 kit can be found here: http://cgi.ebay.com/DIY-LM317-Variable-DC-power-supply-kit-PCB-Parts-/180609634986?pt=LH_DefaultDomain_0&hash=item2a0d2c52aa
4) Varying the current to the super capacitor bank is the name of the game. This is where you have the opportunity to gamble. Since the super capacitors will literally suck up all the energy it is given until full (With >0.01 Ohm ESR), we have to limit the current from the supply, or else we're going to completely destroy our LM317 circuit. As you can see, we have two 2.2 Ohm, 5W power resistors, a jumper, and a SPST (Single Pull Single Throw) switch. If the switch is off (Recommended), and the jumper is not attached, then the charge limitation is 2.2 Ohms. Wait a minute! That is too small of a current limiter! You're still going to hurt your LM317!!! Not the case! If properly heat sinked, the LM317 will get hot but it will withstand the stress if you have this 2 Ohm load. The output voltage will drop down but you will see it come back up as the capacitor starts to charge. We have three charge options here. If you have a charge of 4v or higher, make sure that you have the jumper off, and the switch off.
A) Charge limited by 2.2 Ohms when JUMPER=OFF/ SPST=OFF
B) Charge limited by roughly 1.1 Ohms when JUMPER=ON/SPST=OFF
When you add the jumper, you place the two 2.2 Ohm resistors in parallel with one another, bringing the parallel resistance down to half. Please note that these resistors get hot.
C) Charge limited by the line resistance and capacitor ESR only when JUMPER=ON or OFF/SPST=ON
If the SPST is switched on, it doesn't matter how the resistor jumper is configured. The only resistance between the output of the LM317 and the capacitor banks is the line (trace) resistance, and the ESR of the capacitors (Yet to be seen). This is where you have to have cohones! Again, your LM317 can handle this if properly heat sinked (Heat sink included in kit), as the output voltage will drop down to the cap voltage and start to charge. However, this should only be used for charges of 1.5v or less. If you are charging the bank from 0v to 5.4 v, it will charge relatively quickly using the 2.2 Ohm charge option. However, around 3v of charge, it will start to slow down. At this point, take the jumper off to limit the current to 1.1 Ohm. At around 4.5v, you will notice that the charge will slow down again. Flick the switch to charge the remaining 900mv, and you will have no problems. Truth be told, I've charged from 2v to 5.4v with the switch on, but it is NOT good practice, and I was risking my LM317.
5) We have two IN4001 diodes in series with the charge line. These are not used for any type of rectification, but rather to allow DC charge to enter the capacitor bank, but not allow for any DC to travel backwards through the circuit after the capacitor bank is charged. If we didn't have these diodes here, follow the circuit backwards. Regardless of whether the jumper is on or off, or whether the SPST is on or off, there is a path back to the LM317, and there is a 240 Ohm resistor in a series path with a 5k potentiometer and ground. If we stopped charging (without the diodes), the charge on the caps would leak back through the circuit to ground, making our batteries terribly inefficient. There are two diodes in parallel to share the current along the line. If you have 1N4007s, or any 1N400X diodes, they will work just as well if not better. There are factors such as thermal runaway that we could spend time worrying about with these diodes in parallel, but the charge time from start to finish for this circuit is literally 10 minutes or less , so we're not going to worry about that at all.
6) The jumper (JUMPER#2) like a lot of this circuit is a custom option. If you are not going to watch the digital display (Seen later) as your super capacitor bank charges, then you are going to want to follow this step. When you build this charge circuit, probe the output of the diodes (TEST POINT) with reference to ground using your multimeter. There will be a voltage drop along the diodes, so we need to make sure that we measure here, and not at the anode end of the diode. Since we have a 5.4v MAX capacitor bank, we DO NOT want to have a charge higher than 5.4v. Check the voltage here using the 5k potentiometer at the LM317. Turn the potentiometer until you see a voltage of 5.2v-5.4v, then consider using a bit of hot glue to set the pot to steady it. You may think, why use the pot, and not a fixed resistor? You can, by all means, but you may want to change the charge voltage down the road. Now, the jumper is here because on the other side of the jumper lies the capacitor bank. If you test the voltage here when you have the jumper on, you will read the voltage at the capacitor bank, not the voltage that it will be charging to. You only take the jumper off when you want to take a charged reading. Leave it on at all other times.
In November last year, Ajinomoto Group rebranded its aspartame ingredient ‘AminoSweet', saying the time was right to “remind people that aspartame is made from two amino acids and brings absolutely nothing new to the diet, just sweetness without the calories”.
Ajinmoto Group, producers of dangerous food ingredients such as MSG and other preservatives, have been victim to greater percentages of consumers catching on their toxic concoctions. The name change to AminoSweet by Ajinmoto is a desperate attempt to try and erase the history of fraud and deception now exposed in hundreds of alternative and mainstream publications.
HFCS is meeting a similar fate. It has suffered from a spate of bad publicity in recent years, and food and beverage manufacturers have been increasingly switching it out of their products in preference for beet or cane sugar (sucrose).
The Corn Refiners Association (CRA) has said that the reason it filed a petition with the FDA was to be clear with consumers about what HFCS is: A sugar made from corn. The CRA – a trade association that represents the corn refining industry in the United States – has repeatedly stressed that HFCS is not high in fructose, even though that is what the name may suggest. In fact it contains proportions of fructose and glucose that are similar to sucrose.
President of the Corn Refiners Association Audrae Erickson told FoodNavigator-USA.com: “The words ‘high fructose corn syrup' have caused confusion…This is all about consumer clarity on the ingredient label.”
They said that in much the same way that there is beet sugar and cane sugar, sugar from corn should be called ‘corn sugar' in order to give it a name that is easily understood.
So even though HFCS causes insulin resistance, diabetes, hypertension, increased weight gain, and not to mention manufactured from genetically modified corn, it seems that the CRA feels that changing the name will somehow create "clarity" for consumers.
According to two U.S. studies last year, almost half of tested samples of commercial high-fructose corn syrup contained mercury, which was also found in nearly a third of 55 popular brand-name food and beverage products where HFCS is the first- or second-highest labeled ingredient.
Consumers in Europe and Canada should also be aware that HFCS is often listed under different names under the auspices of regulatory bodies which define food labeling exemptions. For example, HFCS can be legally labeled as glucose/fructose and high fructose maize syrup in Canada. Although the EU restricts the amount that can be manufactured, it does allow the term isoglucose to be substituted for HFCS in food labels.
It is expected to take up to two years for the FDA to come to a decision on whether to approve the renaming.
The American Dietetic Association has also found that HFCS is "nutritionally equivalent to sucrose”, and that it is metabolized by the body in the same way as sucrose.
The American Dietetic Association also receives grants from the CRA and has admitted that companies such as NutraSweet write their "Fact" sheets.
Erickson said: “We hope that the FDA will act positively on our petition in the interest of consumer clarity."
This is likely one of many name change petitions to come along with MSG, aspartame, and many preservatives that have been declining in popularity in an effort to reestablish confidence and image with consumers.
April McCarthy is a community journalist playing an active role reporting and analyzing world events to advance our health and eco-friendly initiatives.
Blind man claims TSA agent ridiculed them at Bradley Copyright by WTNH - All rights reserved Video
Bob Wilson, WTNH Reporter - WINDSOR LOCKS, Conn. (WTNH) -- The TSA is investigating after a blind man from Connecticut says they were ridiculed going through airport security.
Joe Nerney's music has taken them all around the world, from England to Spain to Germany and they say TSA is usually accommodating. Joe has been blind since birth and they need to be guided through the security machines, but on Thursday while clearing security at Bradley, the TSA agent was condescending, telling them to stand on the yellow line that they could not see. When they finished the checkpoint, they told them they had to go back in.
"I kind of got pushed back in I still wasn't stepping on the yellow lines so my friend came in and kind of guided my feet toward the yellow line," said Nerney.
Joe says normally when they pass through the screening machines, a TSA agent will help them through. On this day as they felt their way out of the machine, they say the TSA agents were mocking him.
"I got out of the machine, but for some reason the TSA guys thought it was funny and they were laughing about it," said Nerney.
Joe says TSA sent them an email and called them about the incident and they are looking into it. Right now, TSA can only say they need to interview all parties involved and they will keep Joe in the loop as the investigation moves forward. Joe says Bradley also reached out to them as well.
"They apologized, they felt bad that it happened and they are going to try and make sure and refresh," said Nerney.
Just a few days after Hurricane Sandy devastated parts of New York, New Jersey and Connecticut, the New York Times' Paul Krugman crowed triumphantly about the federal government's response to the disaster. "[A]fter Katrina the government seemed to have no idea what it was doing; this time it did. And that's no accident: the federal government's ability to respond effectively to disaster always collapses when antigovernment Republicans hold the White House, and always recovers when Democrats take it back."
What a fairy tale. Mature adults understand that earthquakes, hurricanes and other natural disasters are an unfortunate fact of life. They further know that government agencies are, by their very nature, slow and lumbering animals.
Krugman was right about one thing, though. Sandy would not be Obama's Katrina because the press is on their side. President Obama parachuted into New Jersey after the storm and declared that they would not tolerate "red tape" or "bureaucracy" by the government. They then hopped back aboard Air Force One and resumed their campaign schedule. Their admirers, including, alas, Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey and the besotted Krugman, swooned.
Six days after Katrina slammed into the Gulf Coast, President Bush's presidency had been declared a failure and a disgrace. It was all FEMA's fault we were given to understand, and by extension, Bush's fault. It wasn't the incompetence of local and state officials or the levee collapse (a failure, by the way, that impartial observers lay at the feet of another government agency going back years, the Army Corps of Engineers). No, within a few days of the storm's impact, Bush was an enemy of the people.
Six days after Sandy hit the East Coast, most of the press had utterly lost interest in the human toll, though thousands of people went without food, water, gasoline or electricity for the better part of two weeks. The Washington Times reported that two weeks after Sandy, "Bodies are still being recovered in Staten Island. Chaos reigns in the streets of the outer boroughs. Residents have taken up arms -- baseball bats, machetes, shotguns -- as crime and looting soar."
When New York Senator Chuck Schumer visited Staten Island four days after the storm hit, a desperate constituent begged him, "Where is the government? We need gasoline! We're gonna die. We're gonna freeze."
It took three days for the Red Cross to reach Staten Island -- ditto for FEMA. For those without power or water, that's a very long time. What happened to the "lean forward" strategy FEMA had supposedly put in place? What became of the prepositioning of supplies like water and blankets? Prepackaged meals and bottled water languished in Georgia and Maryland warehouses, reported Breitbart.com.
Other obstacles hampered the relief effort, as well, including the insistence by the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers that linemen from other states join the union before being permitted to pitch in with power restoration. Red tape apparently sidelined as many as 500 others. Some 50 power generators and 150,000 blankets were sent to Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst, a FEMA staging area in central New Jersey, but had still not been deployed 9 days after the storm due to bureaucratic inertia.
Perhaps most damaging were the policies of the governments of New York and New Jersey forbidding "price gouging" on gasoline. As Russ Roberts of the Hoover Institution noted drily, "There was no gouging, and there was no gas." Had stations been able to raise prices even temporarily, it would have been cost-effective to lease generators to pump the gas out of in-ground tanks, where it sat, untapped, for more than a week. Instead, people could not stir from their frozen homes even to pick up supplies at the supermarkets, far less to reach medical care or help stranded elderly relatives. Lack of gasoline significantly prolonged the suffering caused by the storm.
Rather than permit prices to rise temporarily, residents of New Jersey and New York sat on lines for as much as three hours hoping to fill their tanks -- sometimes only to find at the end of the ordeal that the available gas was gone. In New York, where the government decided to give gas away for free from the few working stations, there were scenes of desperation, fist fights, and worse.
This is not to say that government has no proper role in disaster relief, merely that there are clear lessons from the failures of the Sandy response that are being missed as the Krugmans of this world strain themselves applauding Obama.
For the past 40 years, My Dry Bones cartoons have been the comic strip of the Jewish people, I've used the internationally syndicated cartoon to comment humorously on the news of the day since 1973.
This coming year is Dry Bones' 40th Anniversary! And to mark the occasion, I want to fulfill my dream to create a Dry Bones Passover Haggadah, but to do it I'll need your help.
Why a Passover Haggadah ? Passover, especially in these days of scattered families is a time to try to be together.The Passover Haggadah is unique. It is an illustrated ritual/cultural book that is found in most Jewish homes.
Why is This Haggadah Different From All Other Haggadahs? Haggadahs, are distinguished by either their artwork or their commentary. In the Dry Bones Passover Haggadah,the artwork is the commentary. I foresee the Haggadah as being between 90-100 pages, in Hebrew and English.
Rewards: You can partner with me for any amount, from $1 to $1,500 or more, and In return for your backing, I''ve got a list of neat stuff to send you ...as a thank you for your help..
SPECIAL REWARD: an unprotected, unblocked PDF of the Haggadah If we can raise the funds by November 16th, It will enable me to write and draw the haggadah , I'll get immediately to work, and one of the rewards I'd then like to send you is an unprotected, unblocked PDF of the Haggadah for you to print out and enjoy by this coming Passover!.
My main characters: Uncle Shuldig and their dog, Doobie.
If you are a fan of the Dry Bones cartoons, you know that my main character is Mr. Shuldig. He's often shown sitting in their favorite easy chair.
Shuldig in their easy chair
Paper "Cut out" Rewards? I have a grandson who lives off in New Jersey. When I'm with them I entertain them with a secret hobby I've had for years. I create cut out and put-together paper models of buildings, vehicles, and animals. So when I tried to think of unique rewards for your backing I thought of creating for you a paper Uncle Shuldig to sit on your Seder table with our Haggadah in theirs hands.
Cut-out and put-together Uncle Shuldig for YOUR table
* * * * * * *
Below are some sample Haggadah pages:
Sample Page
* * * * * * *
A final Note: In Every Generationwe gather together at Passover to form a link with the generations that have gone by and with the generations yet to come. Our Dry Bones Haggadah will speak to the generations of the future long after we are gone.
But I can't do it without your help!
It was bemoaned as “catastrophic” and “unspeakable,” a botched restoration attempt that transformed a beloved, aging fresco of Jesus Christ into something more closely resembling an aghast ape.
Now it's a moneymaker. And Cecilia Gimenez is asking whether they get a cut.
The elderly woman who took a paintbrush to a church fresco in Spain, transforming the work once known as “Ecce Homo” ("Behold the Man") into what Spanish jokesters dubbed “Ecce Mono” ("Behold the Monkey"), is now exploring their legal rights after the church started charging curious visitors.
The botched restoration has become a tourist draw, bringing in more than 2,000 euros (about $2,600) for the Fundacion Hospital Santi Spiritus in just four days, El Correo reported Wednesday.
Spanish television reported the recently introduced fee for looky-loos at a euro each, money that could be used to restore the fresco with a finer touch or for other charitable purposes. Since the mangled fresco made headlines, shocking and amusing people worldwide, about 30,000 people have flocked to the town of Borja, while Gimenez is in hiding from the media, reportedly suffering from anxiety.
Delay, delay, delay means Obamacare customers will pay, and pay, and pay a lot more next year.
The Trump administration's move Monday to avoid for 90 days — yet again — making a decision on a major court challenge to key Obamacare subsidies paid insurers by itself will add up to 20 percent or more to the price of individual health plans next year, experts said Monday.
Andy Slavitt, who until January oversaw Obamacare for the federal government, told CNBC that President Donald Trump has guaranteed higher insurance prices in 2018 by their indecision on what will happen to the $7 billion in subsidies insurers have counted on from the government.
"By not choosing, he's choosing," said Slavitt, former acting administrator of the federal Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services.
Slavitt on Monday tweeted that a "19% Trump surcharge will be baked into 2018 premiums," which are being proposed in coming weeks because insurers will factor the uncertainty about the subsidies into their plan prices.
Slavitt also said that the uncertainty over the fate of so-called cost-sharing reduction payments will lead some insurers to abandon selling individual health plans altogether. "The most conservative thing is to leave the market," they said. The second most conservative thing, they added, is to price premiums as if the subsidies won't be paid.
Insurers in a handful of states — Maryland, Connecticut and Oregon — as well as in the District of Columbia already are asking for double-digit percentage increases in premiums next year, with the uncertainty of the subsidies playing a factor in those prices. Obamacare customers who don't receive federal tax credits that reduce their monthly premiums will bear the full cost of such price hikes.
Dave Dillon, a fellow of the Society of Actuaries, a group of experts that help set premium rates, said "gross premiums could increase significantly — in the 20-25 percent range" if insurers price in the potential loss of the subsidies for affected plans next year.
America's Health Insurance Plans, a leading industry lobbying group, expressed dismay over the latest delay, and the lack of a guarantee that the subsidies will continue.
"AHIP's position and unwavering focus on cost-sharing subsidies remains the same — we need swift action and long-term certainty on this critical program," a spokesperson for the group said.
"It is the single most destabilizing factor in the individual market, and millions of Americans could soon feel the impact of fewer choices, higher costs and reduced access to care."
The warnings Monday came in response to the Department of Justice and House Republicans asking the federal Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia for another 90-day extension on the question of how to proceed with the Trump administration's appeal regarding the subsidies, known as CSRs.
"The parties continue to discuss measures that would obviate the need for judicial determination of this appeal, including potential legislative action," said lawyers for the Justice Department and the House in their joint filing.
The subsidies reimburse insurers for offering lower-income Obamacare customers discounts on out-of-pocket health expense charges in their plans, including copayments, deductibles and coinsurance. Insurers by law have to offer those lower charges to qualified customers. But the federal government is supposed to reimburse them for the amount of money discounted.
However, House Republicans last year successfully challenged the legality of CSR reimbursements to insurers after a federal district court judge ruled that the Obama administration had been paying insurers without Congress appropriating the funds.
The Obama administration appealed that decision — and kept the reimbursements flowing to insurers — and the appeal is now being handled by the Trump administration, which has also maintained the payments up to now.
On Monday, a Trump administration senior official told CNBC the government would continue paying insurers the reimbursements for the next three months as officials decide whether to continue fighting the House's case or not.
The administration has the option of ending the payments even as the appeals case remains pending.
Slavitt said the continuation of the payments, while cushioning the bottom line of insurers for now, will still leave insurers wondering whether the money will be there in four months or longer.
Because insurers have to finalize their premium requests within the 90-day window of the appeals case, they will not know for sure the fate of the subsidies.
"There's no question that based on 100 percent of the people I've talked to ... those [insurers] that will remain in the market will assume the CSRs will not get paid in their pricing assumptions," Slavitt said.
Trump and Republicans are likely to suffer political fallout from higher Obamacare rates next year, Slavitt said.
"I think there will be a pretty harsh judgment based on the polls that I've seen," they said.
Slavitt was echoed Monday by Leslie Dach, another Obama administration veteran who heads the Protect Our Care Campaign, an Obamacare advocacy group.
"Make no mistake, President Trump and Republicans own every premium increase that they have caused through their action and inactions to undermine the health insurance markets," said Dach. "People across the country will hold the president and their allies in Congress accountable for raising premiums for millions of people."
"Today's delay in committing to cost-sharing payments will force millions of people across the country to pay 20 percent more for their coverage — a Trump tax — solely because of the deliberate uncertainty created by the president and their allies. Instead of undermining our health-care system, three-quarters of Americans want the president to make the Affordable Care Act work."
The attorneys general of New York and California, who were part of a group of Democratic state AGs that last week launched a bid to intervene in the court case, said the delay is "already harming those who need health care."
"It's clear that the Trump Administration continues to undermine our health care system – using the New Yorkers and Americans who rely on affordable coverage in a cynical political game," said NY Attorney General Eric Scheiderman "By making the cost-sharing reduction subsidies a political negotiating tool, President Trump and House Republicans aren't just playing a cruel game with the lives of millions; they're destabilizing the health care market and increasing premiums right now, part of an ongoing effort to sabotage the Affordable Care Act."
California AG Xavier Becerra said, "The Trump Administration is playing political football with millions of Americans' health care."
"Using very callous tactics, Donald Trump is making it clear that they will not defend the critical subsidies that make health care accessible for millions of American families," Becerra said.
Alleigh Marre, a spokesperson for Trump's secretary of Health and Human Services, Dr. Tom Price, on Friday dismissed attempts to blame the administration "for the law's continued and compounding failure."
"It requires impressive mental gymnastics to make the case that Obamacare is working while Americans living in one-third of our nation's counties have only one option for health-care coverage and premiums and deductibles continue to rise," Marre said.
"Obamacare has failed. For this reason, Republicans are reforming health care so it delivers access to quality, affordable coverage to the American people."
Most people who buy Obamacare plans from government-run health insurance exchanges are insulated to a large degree from price hikes because they are eligible for federal subsidies that lower their monthly premiums. The premium subsidies — which are different than cost-sharing subsidies — are currently closely linked to the price of coverage.
The value of those subsidies rises as the premiums rise, so that even with double-digit percentage premium increases in 2017, many exchange customers saw only a slight rise in the actual cost of coverage to themselves.
Lower-income Obamacare customers who buy a popular tier of plans known as "silver plans" — which cover about 70 percent of health costs — also qualify for the cost-sharing reduction subsidies. Those CSRs can significantly reduce how much those customers pay out of pocket for visits to a doctor, surgery or prescription medication.
Roshan Telecom is Afghanistan's newest growing export, giving hope that the war-torn nation can move beyond opium and rebuild its economy. By Leo Mirani
The largest mobile network operator in Afghanistan is not a multinational company. Or it wasn't until this month, when Roshan Telecom took its network to Uganda, Burundi and Tanzania. That makes telecoms Afghanistan's most high-profile export after opium .
Roshan Telecom was born in Kabul in July 2003. Its headquarters remain in the Afghan capital. Its name, Roshan, means “light” in Dari and Pashto, Afghanistan's two biggest languages. Altaf Ladak, the firm's operations chief, says the plan was to call the network balle, the term people use when they answer the phone. But when they asked people to name the network, the overwhelming response was roshan , which can also connote hope.
It is a name that has lived up to both its meanings. In 2001, the year the war began in Afghanistan, some 80,000 of Afghanistan's 21 million people had access to a telephone (pdf), and 25,000 of those used satellite phones, Roshan estimates . In 2002, when the first mobile company started operations, a SIM card cost $250, according to a USAID report on Afghan telecoms (pdf).
Roshan's network now covers 60% of Afghanistan's population. A third of the country's subscribers are Roshan customers, giving it the largest market share of the five mobile network operators in the country. And there is plenty of room yet to grow. Though the Afghanistan Telecom Regulatory Authority puts telephone penetration at 72%, Ladak says the proportion of people with phones is probably half that. Afghans, like their counterparts in the rest of the poor world, own more than one SIM card to take advantage of different rates and packages. That should mean there are millions of Afghans yet to connect.
When the money leaves
But growth is slowing. After scooping up big chunks of the market for most of its early life, Roshan has seen its subscriber growth dip to between 2% and 3% a year over the past three years. Revenues are flat. The Afghan economy is in the doldrums. GDP growth has fallen from over 14% in 2012 to just over 3% in 2013. The currency has lost nearly a tenth of its value since the start of 2013, hitting domestic purchasing power and stoking inflation.
Moreover, as international troops leave the country, they take their spending power with them. And the impending withdrawal of the last of the American forces still in Afghanistan later this year, coupled with presidential elections next month, has created a sense of uncertainty about the country's future. Afghan business people are moving their families out until things settle down, says Ladak. They see 2014 remaining flat but expects growth to return in 2015, once things have settled down somewhat and the future looks less uncertain. But the company sees this as a chance to expand.
Another way to look at ”business development”
Africa does not need another mobile operator. The continent is full of multinationals attracted by the huge population and untapped opportunity. The result is a crowded, difficult market in which price wars are common. Burundi, one of the three countries Roshan is entering, already has five other operators. So does Uganda. But like in Afghanistan, millions still have no telephony. Real penetration in Uganda is below 50% .
Roshan's intention is not to go in and barnstorm East Africa. “We are not there to be number one in two or three years. We're looking at a longer-term play of developing infrastructure and focus on rural parts of the country,” says Ladak.
These are sentiments one hears more often from charities than profit-seeking companies. Roshan is not a charity. It was set up and is majority owned by the Aga Khan Fund for Economic Development (AKFED), the for-profit arm of the Aga Khan Development Network. (The rest is owned by Sweden's TeliaSonera and Monaco Telecom.) Despite a basic tariff of 2.5 afghanis ($0.04) per minute for a voice call, it boasts an average revenue per user—an industry standard for measuring revenue—of $4-$5 per month, higher than the average in richer countries like India. It is profitable. Ladak says Roshan has contributed over $400 million in taxes to the Afghan government in the past decade. That's a goodly share of the revenues from the entire telecom sector:
But for the AKFED, and therefore for Roshan, profit and development go hand in hand. The very process of setting up a mobile operator in Afghanistan meant pursuing development: “When we had to go build towers, we would have to de-mine every single location we put towers on. In some cases we had to build roads just to get access to the site we wanted. One of the sites we built was at Salang Pass, in the mountains in the central Afghanistan,” says Ladak.
Operating and securing the sites likewise created development opportunities. Roshan quickly realized that paying for security for all its cell towers across the country would drive the company out of business. “So we went to communities and asked them to provide security to our sites. We pay them bonuses on a quarterly basis. That's been our strategy and it's been very successful,” says Ladak. Not counting community security, Roshan now employs 1,100 people, 97% of whom are Afghans. A fifth are women. Indirectly, it employs some 30,000.
Roshan's development takes other forms too. One example is the high-speed telecoms links it provided between the Aga Khan University in Karachi, Pakistan, with the French Medical Institute for Children in Kabul, which is also overseen by the Aga Khan Development Network. This is the model Roshan wants to take to Africa; Ladak is less interested in immediately capturing big chunks of the market and more focused on connecting the Aga Khan's institutions—schools, hospitals—in east Africa.
Afghan's got talent
But Roshan will still need to make a profit. For that it can draw on lessons learned in Afghanistan. Many of them would be good lessons for its counterparts in other parts of the poor world.
Foremost among these, perhaps, is that 3G data and services such as ringtones and caller tunes make money, even in a very poor country. When Roshan launched 3G services last year, the demand took it by surprise. Perhaps it shouldn't have: Afghans, like anyone else, enjoy entertainment and music.
Some 600,000 subscribers, or 10% of Roshan's total customer base, now use 3G. Their top destinations are—yes—Facebook, YouTube and news websites. Another 300,000 or so use non-voice services such as music downloads, most of them Bollywood movie songs. (Indeed, there is even an unofficial Apple Store in Kabul .) Roshan also offers services like live streaming from Mecca during Ramadan and the Hajj pilgrimage, which Ladak says proved extremely popular.
The company is also diversifying. It provides communications links to banks and and other business; it runs training and call-center services for big organizations such as a local airline; and it is looking into establishing data centers and internet service providers. Even in its core business, voice telephony, it has been gathering more data on usage so it can understand its market better.
Roshan also sponsors Afghanistan's Got Talent and Afghan Star , the local version of American Idol . “What we're showing is that we are helping to bring the culture of Afghanistan back and giving people a voice. In the Taliban's time people were not allowed to dance and sing or listen to music. This was an opportunity for them to go back to their roots and show Afghan culture,” says Ladak. Such moves, though commercially motivated, helped Roshan endear itself to Afghans. They also, they say, helped allay animosity that might arise from the company's Ismaili roots in a predominantly Sunni country.
Mobile networks cover 88.5% of Afghanistan's population. USAID
In Africa there are cultural sensitivities too, but of a different kind. For instance, the company will lose the name Roshan in east Africa. While used in Dari and Pashto, roshan is also found in several Indian languages. Historic tensions between the black and Indian population in east Africa mean that it's best to steer clear of anything that might sound like it comes from the subcontinent. Instead the company once again asked people to suggest a name. The network will be called “Smart.”
More Myths That Are Killing Us
The Government can't create jobs. (Tell that to FDR, who created four million jobs in three months.) Tax cuts reduce the deficit. (Doesn't it bother them that a man named "Laffer" came up with this one?) A fetus is a baby. The poor have too much money. Cutting the federal deficit will end the recession. The rich are incentivized by tax cuts, while the poor are incentivized by lower wages, no benefits, an end to the minimum wage, and unemployment. An unwanted child is God's will. Everyone who wants health insurance has it. The problem with education is the teachers. The "free market" satisfies every human need. There is no discrimination in America anymore. The distribution of wealth and income are irrelevant. Well, this list seems to have provoked a lot of thought among us. Since I regard what we do as a collective endeavor, I want to share with you some of the best of this crowdsourcing by our audience � 20 more destructive myths:[br /] One gender is better than the other, one race is superior to all others, and there is only one true religion. You can get any medical treatment that you need, for free, in any hospital emergency room. Ronald Reagan won the Cold War. The environment can protect itself. It is better for America to be feared than loved. Only the wealthy creation jobs. America is a Christian nation. Human beings are not the cause of climate change. Minority women have children in order to qualify for welfare. President Obama wants to take away our guns. The more we spend on the military, the safer we are. Corporations use tax cuts to hire people. The unemployed are lazy and stupid. Rich people are smarter than everyone else. We will never run out of oil. Invading foreign countries wins hearts and minds. Science is a matter of opinion. Instigating unnecessary wars shows your support for the troops. Corporations are people. Money is speech. Every one of these myths is fascinating in its own right. You could write a whole book about each one. So to the supporters who contributed to this list, thank you. I'm listening and learning. And if we could just get past all of these myths, then think about what a great place this would be.
Courage,
Alan Grayson
P.S. I recognize that this is a hopeless clich�, but our campaign fundraising goal for the quarter was $500,000, and as I write this, we are only $11,510 short of that goal. Really. If you would like to help us reach our goal, or if you're simply fond of round numbers, then click here.
A month ago, I wrote a note called "The Myths That Are Killing Us" � the hard myths that no Republicans, and very few Democrats, ever challenge. Here was my list:Well, this list seems to have provoked a lot of thought among us. Since I regard what we do as a collective endeavor, I want to share with you some of the best of this crowdsourcing by our audience � 20 more destructive myths:[br /]Every one of these myths is fascinating in its own right. You could write a whole book about each one. So to the supporters who contributed to this list, thank you. I'm listening and learning. And if we could just get past all of these myths, then think about what a great place this would be.Courage,Alan GraysonP.S. I recognize that this is a hopeless clich�, but our campaign fundraising goal for the quarter was $500,000, and as I write this, we are only $11,510 short of that goal. Really. If you would like to help us reach our goal, or if you're simply fond of round numbers, then 188 Tweet
Carl Richards
Carl Richards is a certified financial planner in Park City, Utah. Their new book, “The Behavior Gap,” was published earlier this year. Their sketches are archived here on the Bucks blog.
Every day we rely on habit to get a lot of things done. We commute the same way to work every day, we eat at the same restaurants and we shop at the same stores.
We rely on habit to help us make things easier because few people want to reinvent their lives every day. But this habit of forming habits also does something else. In academic circles, it's called the recency bias, and it can trick us into making decisions we might not make otherwise.
The recency bias is pretty simple. Because it's easier, we're inclined to use our recent experience as the baseline for what will happen in the future. In many situations, this bias works just fine, but when it comes to investing and money it can cause problems.
When we're watching a bull market run along, it's understandable that people forget about the cycles where it didn't. As far as recent memory tells us, the market should keep going up, so we keep buying, and then it doesn't. And unless we've prepared for that moment, we're shocked and wondered how we missed the bubble.
When the market is down, we become convinced that it will never climb out so we cash out our portfolios and stick the money in a mattress. We know the market isn't going back up because the recency bias tells us so. But then one day it does, and we're left sitting on a really expensive mattress that's earning nothing.
The point isn't that you should have predicted the timing of the bubble or the upswing but that you should have considered both possibilities as potential outcomes and planned accordingly. Instead of taking the long view and considering as many factors as possible (the market goes up AND down), we settle into a rut and keep behaving as though nothing will ever get us out of it.
Being prepared and recognizing that the bias exists costs very little. I think of it like the winter weather kit anyone who lives in the mountains should keep in their car. Even though I've never been stranded traveling in the winter, I know I should have a kit in the car with water, food and other stuff to help me survive if I do. We've got to get over this idea that because something has never happened (not in the last six months anyway) that it won't happen in the future.
All things considered, it's pretty easy to put some plans in place to help see us through the ups and downs. So quit letting yesterday be the only thing to determine what you do tomorrow with your money.
The wireless network that your phone uses is fast and ubiquitous, but new research shows that its weak security protocols could let hackers access your phone, track your location, and even disable your access to the network.
Researchers discovered that, using flaws in the 4G LTE network, an attacker can precisely locate targets with GPS coordinates, downgrade their network connections to exploit old vulnerabilities, and manipulate the devices themselves.
“The LTE access network security protocols promise several layers of protection techniques to prevent tracking of subscribers and ensure availability of network services at all times,” said the researchers, who work at Technische Universitat Berlin, Telekom Innovation Laboratories, Aalto University, and the University of Helsinki. “We have shown that the vulnerabilities we discovered in LTE access network security protocols lead to new privacy and availability threats to LTE subscribers.”
By the end of this year, approximately 1.37 billion devices will use 4G LTE. It is already in wide use in the United States. The researchers notified device manufacturers and network carriers about their discoveries, and they are reportedly fixing the problems now.
Attackers can use Facebook Messenger and Whatsapp to silently trigger pings from a rogue network, sending them the device's location and then tracking its owner with varying degrees of precision. These pings can reveal the device's past and future movements, too.
Sending Facebook messages to someone or even beginning to type a message to them in Whatsapp will trigger these pings, which effectively light up neon arrows pointing at the device from the perspective of an attacker monitoring the network.
Repeated friend requests and Facebook poking also trigger the pings, but they notify the user, making it a less effective method of attack. Phone calls work the same way. (Facebook messages are only stealthy because Facebook puts messages from non-friends into an “Other” folder, but the company is about to eliminate that feature.)
The problem exists in part because mobile network operators like Verizon and AT&T don't do enough to hide and shift the ID numbers used for specific devices. Numbers meant to be temporary (like the Globally Unique Temporary Identifier or GUTI) change only slowly over the course of days; sometimes they remain the same for weeks. Once an attacker has a device's ID, they can track the device and its owner to within 2 square kilometers.
While 4G LTE is thought to be the most secure mobile-network protocol, German and Finnish researchers found ways to downgrade the connection to 2G and 3G networks, opening up even brand-new devices to vulnerabilities found in those older protocols.
Savvy attackers use devices like a Universal Software Radio Peripheral and software like OpenLTE to monitor and decode wireless signaling messages, trigger their own messages, and even operate their own rogue base stations on the network.
“We demonstrated that our attacks can be mounted using open source LTE software stack and readily available hardware at low cost,” the researchers wrote. “We tested several handsets with LTE support of major baseband vendors and demonstrated that all of them are vulnerable to our attacks. In addition, we demonstrated our new privacy attacks in real LTE networks of several major operators.”
The attack is not easy to execute, but the necessary equipment is readily available. An attacker must also be familiar with the LTE network's technical specifications.
To demonstrate the technique, the researchers built their own rogue base station with high-priority frequencies, essentially forcing nearby mobile devices to connect to the fake station.
The rogue base station allows an attacker to track devices and people even more precisely by intercepting measurement and error reports that devices sends out across the network. An attacker can then measure how close a device is to real base stations by measuring signal strength and then, using trilateration, calculate exactly where the person is.
7. Determining subscriber's precise location using trilateration
The researchers also invented three new denial-of-service attacks that can force people off of LTE as well as older 3G and GSM (2G) networks.
To make sure they didn't unintentionally force other mobile devices in the area to connect to the rogue station, researchers carried out the attacks inside a Faraday cage that quarantined them off from the rest of the world.
The researchers did not respond to a request for comment.
Photo via John Karakatsanis/Flickr (CC BY 2.0) | Remix by Max Fleishman
A bevy of fireworks has been unleashed outside the Whites' hotel on the eve of their critical World Cup playoff against Peru.
The unwanted display was released at approximately 3am in a bid to disturb the New Zealanders' sleep and give the hosts every advantage heading into Thursday afternoon's (NZT) do-or-die contest in Lima.
A group of hardcore Peruvian fans issued a video on social media in October warning the team of their use following comments by NZ Football CEO Andy Martin imploring All Whites fans to create a "hostile" environment for the South Americans for the first leg in Wellington.
Newshub understands that the Kiwi contingent are all staying in rooms on the side of the Marriott hotel furthest from the street, a request made in anticipation of such an event.
The practice of using fireworks as a means of disturbing visiting teams has become commonplace, most recently used against Chile prior to a World Cup qualifier in October.
Peru went on to lose that game 4-3.
Their match against the Whites, with a spot at Russia 2018 on the line, kicks off at 3:15pm (NZT).
Newshub.
Ahmedabad (India) (AFP) - India's coast guard announced Sunday it had seized 1.5 tonnes of heroin worth almost $550 million from a merchant ship in what maritime authorities are calling their largest-ever drug bust.
Indian coast guard personnel participate in a mock drill during the National Maritime Search and Rescue Workshop and Exercise (SAREX) in the Arabian Sea off the coast of Mumbai, India, May 3, 2016. REUTERS/Shailesh Andrade
Ahmedabad (India) (AFP) - India's coast guard announced Sunday it had seized 1.5 tonnes of heroin worth almost $550 million from a merchant ship in what maritime authorities are calling their largest-ever drug bust.
The ship was intercepted Saturday off the western state of Gujarat, the coast guard said in a statement.
"This is the largest single haul of narcotics seized till date," it said, adding the drugs were worth an estimated $545 million.
An undisclosed number of suspects were detained for questioning by coast guard officials, police and intelligence agencies.
Anyone caught smuggling or possessing narcotics is remanded in custody without bail under Indian law.
Last year police in the western state of Maharashtra seized 18.5 tonnes of ephedrine, a precursor used in the manufacture of methamphetamine, worth $311 million.
In 2013 police in the holiday resort state of Goa arrested a 45-year-old Briton in possession of more than four kilograms of amphetamines worth $330,000.
Heroin seizures in India have increased in recent years, figures from the Narcotics Control Bureau show.
Heroin, largely from Afghanistan and smuggled through neighbouring Pakistan, makes its way into India through the disputed northern state of Kashmir and coastal border areas in the west.
An illustration of crowded lyzozyme proteins (magenta) and droplets of water (blue.) University of Michigan chemistry professors have discovered that when proteins in a cell reach a certain concentration — and distance from each other — the surrounding water dramatically slows down. The findings could provide insights into why proteins clump together in diseases such as Alzheimer's. Image credit: Kevin KubarychANN ARBOR—In a sort of biological “spooky action at a distance,” water in a cell slows down in the tightest confines between proteins and develops the ability to affect other proteins much farther away, University of Michigan researchers have discovered.
On a fundamental level, the findings show some of the complex and unexpected ways that water behaves inside cells. In a practical sense, they could provide insights into how and why proteins clump together in diseases such as Alzheimer's and Parkinson's. Understanding how proteins aggregate could help researchers figure out how to prevent them from doing so.
Spooky action at a distance is how Albert Einstein described quantum entanglement, a phenomenon that can join two or more particles in a way that allows physicists to control all of the entangled particles through one of them, even if the particles are far apart.
“In our case, the motion of water molecules in the tight spaces between cellular machinery acts as the medium for what you might think of as biological action at a distance, ” said Kevin Kubarych, associate professor of chemistry in the U-M College of Literature, Science, and the Arts.
Kubarych and their colleagues found that when they concentrated proteins in a solution until the distance between them was just 30-40 angstroms, the water in that space dramatically slowed by a factor of 10, compared with pure water alone. The researchers were surprised to observe that increasing the crowding beyond that point did not slow the water any further. An angstrom is one-tenth of a nanometer, or one hundred-thousandth of a millimeter.
“Biochemists usually study how these proteins function by observing them at low concentrations—in uncrowded conditions. That's like saying you want to know how a taxi driver drives and you take the taxi and study it Dexter, Mich. But does that taxi driver function the same in Dexter as they do in Manhattan? No, of course not. What we found was rather than being a gradual transition, you're either in Dexter or Manhattan. There's nowhere in between,” Kubarych said.
It is becoming increasingly clear that the water is not simply an innocent bystander, but instead plays an active and sometimes decisive role in mediating the processes carried out by the cell's machinery. Kevin Kubarych
The research team conducted computer simulations in parallel with experiments. In their experiments, they applied ultrafast spectroscopic techniques and site-specific vibrational labeling to observe the motion of water near protein surfaces on a picosecond timescale. One picosecond is one millionth of a millionth of a second. At the distance they describe, when their solution contained 30 percent proteins and 70 percent water, the motional tumbling of the water slowed from a 3 picosecond pace to 12 picoseconds. Motional tumbling refers to the time it takes for a water molecule to switch the water molecule partners it's bound to in the elaborate square dance that happens as the liquid moves.
They observed this effect not just in the space where the proteins were tightly packed, but also at much greater separations, estimated to be up to 4 nanometers away. This distance corresponds to roughly 14 water layers and is comparable to the size of an entire protein molecule.
Slower water means slower encounters between proteins and other molecules. Proteins are hydrophobic, meaning they essentially repel water at their surfaces and seek out other molecules to bind with, shielding them both from water. In many cases, they bind with other proteins, but they could also bind with pharmaceutical drugs. Understanding how slower water can affect binding sites could be valuable information for medicine as well.
Biological cells are about 60 percent water and 40 percent macromolecules such as proteins, carbohydrates and other components. This intricate machinery carries out self-organized yet precisely choreographed routines to transform energy, manufacture goods and respond to outside influences.
“While it is tempting to focus on the macromolecules, it is becoming increasingly clear that the water is not simply an innocent bystander, but instead plays an active and sometimes decisive role in mediating the processes carried out by the cell's machinery,” Kubarych said.
The research team also collaborated with Charles Brooks III, the Warner-Lambert/Parke-Davis Professor of Chemistry. Their paper, “Crowding Induced Collective Hydration of Biological Macromolecules over Extended Distances,” is newly published online in the Journal of the American Chemistry Society. This work was supported by the National Science Foundation and the National Institutes of Health (RR012255) as well as the Camille & Henry Dreyfus Foundation.
Related Links:
A 29-year-old man is in a serious condition after being attacked with a machete in Salford – making it the third stabbing to have happened in the area in just 24 hours.
The victim was found by police on Agecroft Road, Pendlebury, with wounds to their neck and torso at 7:15pm on Saturday.
First aid was administered at the scene but the man still remains in a serious condition after suffering a number of deep lacerations, including one which narrowly missed an artery in their neck.
The shocking incident follows two previous attacks in just 24 hours – the first took place on Robert Hall Street, Ordsall, where an 18-year-old man was stabbed in the leg, on Friday March 20.
Detective Chief Inspector Chris Walker said: "It is clearly of concern that so many attacks using weapons have been carried out in such a short space of time.
"That is why divisional officers based in Salford are now working with specially-trained detectives from Greater Manchester Police's Major Incident Team to investigate these very serious incidents and establish any links or connections."
The second attack saw a 28-year-old man knifed in the back, neck and chest later on Friday evening on Edward Street, Lower Broughton.
DCI Walker continued: "I hope this reassures the public of Salford that we are treating these incidents with the utmost seriousness and we will be leaving no stone unturned to unearth whether there are any common factors in these incidents and, most importantly, identity the offenders and bring them to justice.”
Salford's police are working with detectives from the Greater Manchester Police Major Team to investigate whether the attacks were linked.
Despite this, officers are hoping that community intervention will significantly aid them in their work.
They said: "As always, the answers to these stabbings lie in the community and that is why I am appealing to the public of Salford to help us.
“We all know the tragic consequences of knife crime and it is fortunate that at this stage none of the three men attacked have lost their lives.
Detective Chief Inspector Chris Walker also explained that there would be an increase in police presence in areas as investigations continued.
They added: “There will be extra, high-visibility patrols in the area over the coming days both to reassure residents and to allow them to approach an officer if they have information.
"We need to get to the root of what is happening and the best way to do this is to reach out to the community who can help us identity the offenders and stop people from being attacked.
“So please, if you do know something, speak to us – in confidence if needed – and help us take these dangerous weapons, and dangerous people, off the streets before someone else is hurt."
Anyone with information is encouraged to call Police on 101 or the independent charity, Crimestoppers, anonymously on 0800 555111.
Image courtesy of Google Maps, with thanks.
You have to wonder if Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell is wishing he'd just had an old-fashioned extramarital affair. The media and public are used to those—even a little bored by them these days.
But misusing one's office for the personal enrichment of self and family? That still merits attention, especially with much of the nation, including the good people of Virginia, grappling with a sluggish economy. So it is that McDonnell—whose economic focus, conservative-yet-non-flamboyantly-terrifying persona, and weatherproof hair had them being touted as a possible national player—now finds themselves less a political role model than a cautionary tale, as multiple investigators parse their habitual cadging to see if they technically broke the law. (This is harder to determine than you might imagine in Virginia, where officials are held to lower ethical standards than Charlie Sheen.) Meanwhile, state Republicans are increasingly anxious about November, as scandal spillover begins to sully McDonnell's aspiring successor, Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli, whose coattails down-ballot candidates were looking to ride. “I don't think this is helpful,” says former Virginia representative Tom Davis, sighing.
To recap: in March of last year, a disgruntled chef booted from the governor's mansion informed authorities that a $15,000 catering tab for the June 2011 wedding of McDonnell's daughter Cailin had been paid for by a rich political donor named Jonnie R. Williams Sr. The probing commenced, and soon it came to light that Williams had made several such displays of gubernatorial devotion, including underwriting a $15,000 shopping spree at Bergdorf's for the governor's wife, Maureen, and buying, at Maureen's behest, a $6,500 Rolex for them to give them hubby.
Not that the relationship was one-sided: three days before Cailin's wedding, Williams flew Maureen to Florida (on their jet, of course) so they could rave to investors about a dietary supplement, Antablock, sold by Williams's company, Star Scientific. Later that summer, Maureen arranged for Williams to tout Antablock at a luncheon at the governor's mansion attended by their husband and a bevy of area health-care providers. In a separate incident, Williams reportedly was given a sit-down with top state health officials, though no one has yet clarified whether that meeting was set up at the behest of the first lady's office or their husband's.
Politics being the classy field it is, some of the governor's defenders have been whispering (sotto voce, of course) that this whole mess is Maureen's fault. They have caviar tastes, goes the narrative, and their indulgent hubby simply wasn't paying close enough attention to their snazzy new wardrobe, upscale gifts, and posh wedding planning. Poor love-blind Bob. This line of nonsense was blown all to hell last week with revelations of Williams's grander, more direct cash investments in the McDonnell clan. Williams, for whatever reason, gave Maureen a cool $50,000 in May 2011. More disappointing for the throw-Maureen-under-the-bus crowd, they also plopped $70,000 into a real-estate venture co-owned by the governor and their sister, who also happens to be named Maureen. The governor, you see, was one of the unfortunate many hit by the housing bust. The three rental properties they and their sister own, two at the beach and one in the mountains, fared poorly post-bubble. Super-generous of Williams to lend a hand, right? Yet Williams' gift/loan/whatever apparently made so little impression on McDonnell that they flat-out forgot to report it as required by law. Williams, meanwhile, ponied up $10,000 for the nuptials of another McDonnell daughter, Jeanine, this May. Mustn't play favorites, you know.
(Adding a penny-ante pathos to this garish spectacle, two weeks ago McDonnell wrote taxpayers a personal check for $2,290.55 as reimbursement for food and household goods that three of their kids took from the governor's mansion to stock their dorm rooms from 2010 to 2013. So in addition to learning all about their first family's favorite sugar daddy, voters are getting an itemized account of how many Boost energy drinks, Hot Pockets, and jugs of liquid Tide they've bought the younger McDonnells in recent years.)
Virginians have thus far been pretty tolerant of their first family's desire to live large. (Up through last week's revelations, polls showed that McDonnell was still a pretty popular guy.) And why not? Politicians like nice stuff too, and who's to say how much love is too much love from a close, personal donor?
Indeed, all of this hullabaloo might well have been shrugged off as the poor judgment of one grabby but term-limited politician, were it not for the resulting discovery that Jonnie Williams had another good friend in Richmond: Ken Cuccinelli.
Yep. Turns out Virginia's AG has enjoyed Williams's largesse as well. Admittedly, their gifts were nowhere near as nice as McDonnell's. The monetary value of Williams's gifts to Cucinelli has been estimated at a comparatively measly $18,000, some $5,000 of which the AG initially failed to disclose. Still, it's the thought that counts, right? And one can only presume that Cuccinelli and Williams's friendship will become that much closer if the AG gets promoted to governor. Further cementing the friendship, Cuccinelli has bought several thousand shares of Star Scientific since 2010, the reporting of which they have, at times, been a bit lax about. But, hey, he's a busy guy. Who has time to worry about complying with all those legal niceties?
Thus far, most of the heat has fallen on McDonnell's entanglements with Williams. But the bigger question for the GOP is how far the ripples will be felt. “This may harm Ken,” says Jeannemarie Devolites Davis, a former state senator (and wife of Tom Davis). “It may color people's perspective of him.”
Having the current and aspiring Republican governors caught up in an ethics tangle could prove particularly helpful to Democratic nominee Terry McAullife, whose sketchy behavior at the Democratic National Committee back in the Clinton era was something Republicans were eager to remind voters about. “There's no question that Cuccinelli's people have saved some bombs to drop on McAuliffe in the fall,” says Larry Sabato, head of the University of Virginia's Center for Politics. “What does this do? It neutralizes those. Instead of McAuliffe being the corrupt candidate, at worst he'll say, ‘See, we're both corrupt.'”
“Exactly!” fumes Tom Davis when asked about this dynamic. “This was our best issue.” But now, they say, the Jonnie Williams mess threatens not just to defuse but to trump the McAuliffe ethics card. “This is fresher.”
“Both campaigns are going to shoot at the other quite significantly,” predicts Devolites Davis. “By November, voters are going to feel so badly about both of them because of this that there will be low voter turnout. They'll be so turned off they wind up not voting.”
Ordinarily, low voter turnout in Virginia helps the Republicans, whose base tends to be more motivated than the Democrats—especially when a Democrat holds the White House. Plus, contends Devolites Davis, state House districts are so small that they turn on personal relationships rather than larger trends. Even so, word around the state is that Republican legislators are verrrry nervous that the fallout could get bad enough to throw some seats into the Democratic column.
Maybe, says Sabato. “In this polarized era, partisan ID really matters, especially in a low-turnout election.” That said, “The more unpopular McDonnell becomes, the more difficult it's going to be for Cuccinelli to win.”
And that, by extension, could make life tougher for the party's other two statewide contenders, nominees for lieutenant governor and attorney general, whose fortunes tend to rise or fall with the top of the ticket.
Unless, of course, McDonnell manages to change the subject by revealing an inappropriate Twitter threesome with Anthony Weiner and Eliot Spitzer.
ELK RIDGE, Utah County — An Elk Ridge man and woman have been arrested following a disturbing monthlong investigation in which detectives say they discovered the couple gave drugs to their newborn while still in the hospital, and their other young children also tested positive for drugs.
Colby Glen Wilde, 29, and their common-law wife, Lacey Dawn Christenson, 26, have been arrested twice during the ongoing investigation, accused of crimes ranging from drug possession to child endangerment and child abuse.
"It's a disturbing case to say the least. You have a situation where four young children, three of them under age 5, who should be growing up in a nurturing, loving, caring, environment and protected from harm, are being harmed by those who should be providing that environment," said Utah County Sheriff's Sgt. Spencer Cannon. "These parents needed help; there's no doubt about that."
The investigation began June 26 when Spanish Fork police responded to a theft at a Wal-Mart. With their 2-month-old daughter in a car seat, Wilde took items off the shelves and then brought them to customer service as if they had already purchased them, looking for a refund, Cannon said.
As Wilde attempted to leave the store, they were approached by security. Wilde attempted to run out of the store while carrying the car seat.
Cannon said Wilde ran into the sliding glass doors at the entrance of the store and dropped the car seat — causing it and their daughter to roll several times. Wilde picked up the car seat and continued running but hit a pillar and dropped the seat again, they said.
As bystanders tried to stop Wilde, they handed the car seat with their child to a stranger and ran to their car to escape, the sergeant said. Wilde was stopped by police a short time later and arrested for investigation of child abuse, theft, DUI, heroin and meth possession, and possession of drug paraphernalia.
Christenson was also in Wal-Mart at the time with their three boys, ages 8, 4 and 2. They were arrested on an outstanding warrant.
On June 28, while Wilde and Christenson were in jail, Utah County sheriff's deputies were contacted by a woman who had been asked to watch the couple's pets. The woman went to their house, found drug paraphernalia and called police, according to Cannon.
Deputies served a search warrant on the house and found numerous drug and paraphernalia items, they said.
As the investigation into the couple continued, the deputy assigned to the case "learned from (the Utah Division of Child and Family Services) that the two younger boys and the infant girl all tested positive for methamphetamine. The infant also tested positive for heroin and morphine," according to Cannon.
Investigators suspect the infant tested positive because Christenson did drugs while pregnant with her, Cannon said. They did not know Friday if the infant was born addicted or to what degree of addiction if they are, or whether they are still receiving treatment.
Cannon also did not know Friday how the 2- and 4-year-old boys who tested positive for meth came in contact with the drug. They did not know if the boys ingested something that was laying around their house without knowing what it was, or if just being constantly exposed to secondhand methamphetamine smoking got into their systems, they said. The 8-year-old did not test positive for drugs.
Christenson was released from jail on June 28, and Wilde bailed out July 5. After their release, investigators learned the two may be doing drugs again so they drew up another warrant. Cannon said when deputies served it Tuesday, they found Wilde inside their residence smoking heroin.
"You have a situation where you have two people who are just so badly addicted right now that they can't make good decisions for themselves, let alone others," Cannon said.
One of those many bad decisions came while Christenson was pregnant with their new daughter and gave birth to them in April.
"Investigators learned that Christenson had been heavily using heroin and prescription pain medication during their pregnancy. Because of that, their child, born on April 9, 2017, was born addicted to drugs," Cannon said.
Detectives also learned that while Christenson was still in the hospital after giving birth, they and Wilde crushed up Suboxone — a prescription pain medication used for pain management and for addiction treatment — and rubbed it on the newborn's gums in an effort to conceal signs of drug addiction from hospital staffers, according to Cannon.
"Well, that's not their job to do. They're not doctors. You don't give a child a legal drug that is not prescribed to them, or any type of illegal drug. You tell the doctor," they said.
Wilde pleaded guilty Tuesday to charges of child endangerment, a third-degree felony, and drug possession, a class B misdemeanor. They will be sentenced Aug. 29.
Wilde is still facing charges of drug possession and DUI from the June 26 incident, according to court records.
Christenson was charged July 7 in 4th District Court with child endangerment, a third-degree felony, plus drug possession and possession of drug paraphernalia, class B misdemeanors. Them initial court appearance is set for Aug. 22.
The 8-year-old boy has a different father. Cannon said that man was contacted by the Division of Child and Family Services after Christenson's arrest. They said they did not want to separate the boy from their stepsiblings and asked to take all four children into their custody, which the state agency agreed to, Cannon said.
UPDATE: This is live video from their service at Galle Face Green
This is a rough traffic plan and map for Pope Francis's visit to Sri Lanka, running from January 13th to the 15th (Tuesday to Thursday).
Pope Francis arrives in Colombo on January 13th around 9 AM. In anticipation, the Negombo Road will be closed from 6 PM today (the 12th) to noon on the 13th.
The Pope will proceed down this road (we assume slowly) and wave kindly to people. So people can actually get to work, the Expressway is free during this time and, as road.lk informs us, it's been converted to a normal road which all types of vehicles can use, at lower speed limits (70 kmph).
Once in Colombo, the Pope is expected to meet Sri Lankan Bishops at the Archbishop's House on Kynsey Road (near Lady Ridgeway) at around 1 PM.  They are also expected to meet President Sirisena at the Presidential Secretariat or President's House (we've heard both, but both are in Fort) at around 5 PM.  They are also scheduled to visit BMICH around 6 PM.
Their base should be the Apostolic Nunciature on Bauddhaloka Mawatha, near Jawatte Rd. You can assume that traffic between all of these points will be affected. We've drawn the map in thick line for their published route and thin line for what streets we assume he'll take. We think it's also safe to assume that everything in between will be messed up as well.
Trains
There is also a special train service for pilgrims. On Tuesday they can catch special trains from Bandarawela, Jaffna, Kandy, Puttalam, Chilaw, Kurunegala, Avissawella, Galle, Matara and Aluthgama to Colombo Fort. Those same trains will be running on Wednesday (to take them back).
On the 14th, the Pope will conduct a morning service at the Galle Face Green. They will then fly to Mannar for a service at the Madhu Church. On Thursday the 15th they will visit Negombo and then fly off.
Timings
Tuesday January 13th
9:00 – Arrival at the Colombo International Airport, Katunayake Welcome Ceremony
13:15 – Meeting with the Bishops of Sri Lanka at the Archbishop's House, Colombo – 08
17:00 – Courtesy Visit to the President of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka at the President's House.
18:15 – Inter-religious Meeting at the Bandaranaike Memorial International Conference Hall (BMICH) Colombo.
Affected areas: Negombo Road (morning), Borella (afternoon), Fort (around 5), BMICH (around 6).
Wednesday, January 14, 2015
08:30 – Celebration of Holy Eucharist and Canonization of Blessed Joseph Vaz in Galle Face Green Colombo
14:00 – Departure to Madhu Shrine
15:30 – Marian Prayer at the Shrine of our Lady of Rosary of Madhu
16:45 – Departure to Colombo
Affected areas: Galle Face Green (morning), Madhu (afternoon). As far as we remember there's one main road in Madhu, so expect traffic there.
Thursday, January 15, 2015
08:15 – Visit to the Chapel of the “Benedict XVI Cultural Institute” at Bolawalana
08:45 – Farewell ceremony at the Colombo International Airport, Katunayake
09:00 – Departure from Colombo to Manila.
Affected areas: Negombo (morning).
FFmpeg is a very powerful and great command line tool used for performing various conversion operations on audio and video files. The good thing about this tool is that it is absolutely free to use. It is available for Windows, Linux and Mac operating systems.
Not everyone knows how to use it though and for that purpose, I've come up with this guide on how to use FFmpeg for Windows OS. From the very first step of downloading the program to cropping an audio file, this tutorial aims to help you cover the basics, so that you can play around more later on.
Recommended Reading: 10 Free HTML5 Video Conversion Tools
Downloading FFmpeg for Windows
To download the tool, click here to go to the webpage. Once you've done that locate the download option, as shown below. The download option highlighted in green is for 32-bit Windows OS while the other option in red is for 64-bit Windows OS.
To verify if your OS is 32-bit or 64-bit, click on the Start icon on the left side of your desktop then type Run in search bar and in run write the command of dxdiag and press the Enter key.
Under the heading of ‘System Information', you can easily find the name of the OS and the version being used (32-bit or 64-bit).
Extracting the Files
Once you have downloaded FFmpeg, you'll have to extract the files from the .zip folder. For this purpose, you should have a zip extractor installed. You can download a free zip extractor called 7-zip from here.
After extracting the files, select all of the files, create a folder in C drive named FFmpegTool and paste all the files in this folder as shown below. It is important to note that you should keep the folder name and drive the same to avoid any problems in executing commands to perform conversions.
Starting FFmpeg
Go to Run, type cmd and press the Enter key. A command line window will appear as shown here.
Type cd\ and press the Enter key. It should appear as below.
Now type cd FFmpegTool , this command will allow you to enter into the FFmpegTool folder which we have created earlier (be careful with the spelling as any spelling mistake in command will cause an error).
Type cd bin and press the Enter key to access the content in the bin folder. You should see the following.
Finally, type ffmpeg.exe and press the Enter key. It will take 1 or 2 seconds to execute the command and you should be able to see the result shown below.
If you see text lines written on your screen (as per the above image) then it means the tool is working fine and ready to use.
Important Commands
Now, we'll go through some of the important commands for FFmpeg. Copy the video in the bin folder on which you'll perform the operations. I have copied a video called samplevideo and will use this video throughout the remainder of this post.
1. Extracting Audio only From Video File
Once you have tested that FFmpeg is working fine then type in the following command:
ffmpeg -i yourvideoname.mp4 -vn -ab 128 outputaudio.mp3
Here -vn is used to extract audio and -ab is used to save audio as 128Kbps MP3 file. You can change the bit rate to 256Kbps or something else. Just change the value after -ab . All of the output files will be stored automatically in the bin folder.
2. Extracting Video While Muting Audio
In the command written below, -an is used to remove the audio from the video file. The command should look like so:
ffmpeg -i yourvideoname.mp4 -an mutevideo.mp4
3. Resize the Video File
In the command written below, -s is used to resize the video file.The command is:
ffmpeg -i yourvideoname.mp4 -s 640x480 -c:a copy resizedvideo.mp4
4. Adding Poster Image to an Audio File
You can add a poster image to your audio file easily and the output would be a video file with an image being displayed in the front and audio in the background. This is really handy when uploading MP3 files to video hosting and sharing sites.
You must copy the image in the bin folder. Then execute this command:
ffmpeg -loop 1 -i inputimage.jpg -i inputaudio.mp3 -c:v libx264 -c:a -strict experimental -b:a 192k -shortest outputfile.mp4
5. Cut Video File into a Smaller Clip
The -ss defines the starting time stamp (here starting time is the 45th second) and -t tells the total time duration for the clip. So, -t 40 means 40 second duration. The command should like this:
ffmpeg -i yourvideoname.mp4 -ss 00:00:45 -codec copy -t 40 outputclip.mp4
6. Split a Video File into Multiple Parts
Most of the hosting servers only allows for a specific size of file to be uploaded. To overcome this issue, you can use the split command to split a large video file into smaller parts, which is:
ffmpeg -i yourvideoname.mp4 -t 00:00:59 -c copy part1.mp4 -ss 00:00:59 -codec copy part2.mp4
Here -t 00:00:59 represents a part that is created from the start of the video to the 59th second of video. -ss 00:00:59 shows the starting time stamp for the video. It means that the 2nd part will start from the 59th second and will continue up to the end of the original video file.
7. Convert a Video File from One Format to Another Format
You can see all of the formats supported by FFmpeg by using the following command:
ffmpeg -formats
To convert a video file from one format to another format, the following command is used:
ffmpeg -i yourvideoname.mp4 -c:v libx264 outputfilename.wmv
The command below is an example of when converting a .mp4 file into a .wmv file.
8. Join (merge) Video Files
FFmpeg can also join multiple video or audio files with the same codecs. Create a .txt file including a list of all the input video files that are supposed to be merged. The keyword file is followed by name, path and the format of the video files. Add all of the files in the same way in the created .txt file and save this .txt file in the bin folder.
Now type the following command to join the video files:
ffmpeg -f concat -i file-list.txt -c copy outputfile.mp4
9. Cropping an Audio File
To crop part of an audio file, the following command can be utilized:
ffmpeg -ss 00:00:15 -t 45 -i sampleaudio.mp3 croppedaudio.mp3
Here, -ss 00:00:15 is the staring time and -t 45 is the duration of the cropped file.
Conclusion
A spectre is haunting Seattle—the spectre of Kshama Sawant.
Consider the April 12 Seattle Times editorial. In it, the editorial board called on Mayor Ed Murray to forgo a re-election bid. The reason: The child sexual-abuse allegations recently leveled against them make them vulnerable. “If they run under that cloud,” the paper reasoned, “it increases the possibility of a Mayor Kshama Sawant, or some other extreme left-wing ideologue, steering this booming city wildly off course.”
This was an odd argument to make, especially since Councilmember Sawant is almost certainly not running for mayor this year. As a matter of fact, they have endorsed attorney, activist, educator, and artist Nikkita Oliver, who is running under the banner of the newly formed Peoples Party and could themselves be called a “left-wing ideologue” given their anti-incarceration platform—well, by the Times' standards, at least.
The Times could be forgiven this glaring oversight only because the councilmember has come to represent something much larger than herself. In the swell of resistance that has emerged in the 100 days since Donald Trump's presidency began, the Socialist Alternative councilwoman, elected in 2013, now looks like a harbinger. With their support, the city passed groundbreaking legislation that implemented a citywide $15-an-hour minimum wage in 2014. They breezed to re-election in 2015. Then, democratic socialist Bernie Sanders won Washington's March 2016 Democratic presidential primary with a landslide 72.7 percent. At the same time, polls surfaced revealing that a majority of millennials now reject capitalism.
In 2017, socialism has become anything but a dirty word in Seattle. The people-powered movements, leftist agitation, and Sawant-style politics that establishment Seattle Democrats might have previously written off as a fluke have become increasingly impossible to ignore. In fact, on a regular basis, it is literally in their faces.
“One of the corporate councilmembers, I won't say their name, recently told an ally of ours that they hate our Red Army,” Sawant said to a packed crowd of 600 at the Seattle Socialism Conference earlier this month. “But that is in fact how we've been able to win—the mass pressure put on these councilmembers by our movement.” Whether or not the masses of people who have filled the Seattle City Council chambers recently to agitate against what they view as a centrist liberal establishment consider themselves socialists, democratic socialists, progressive Democrats, or even simply activists, these masses of people have, indisputably, won some very tangible gains. On a policy level, they have paused the construction of a massive police precinct, forced the city to divest from banks funding DAPL and the Keystone XL pipeline, brought racial-equity measures into Seattle schools through union strength, and put rent control into sharp focus as a solution to the city's affordable-housing issue. Culturally, they have shifted the conversational Overton window at the city, county, and statewide level into previously forbidden terrain. Whatever they call themselves, the one thing that binds these people together is a vision of democracy that doesn't end at the ballot box, but continues through constant organizing, collective agitation, and movement-building.
One would think the Republican president's cartoon capitalist politics might unite this New Left with the Democratic party establishment. That's not the case—Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi recently told college student and Democratic Socialists of America member Trevor Hill at a CNN town hall that, as far as the party goes, “we're capitalists, that's just how it is.”
The divide is even starker in Seattle. Independent democratic socialist Jon Grant's City Council run and Nikkita Oliver's Peoples Party mayoral run present Seattle voters this November with an opportunity to turn Sawant's one-woman bully pulpit into a bona fide anti-capitalist electoral coalition. But what does this New Left want, how do they hope to achieve it, and how are they any different than Seattle's bounty of liberals?
The following is a look at the platform of this emergent Seattle left, based on the movements that have materialized from it, the issues it's won concrete ground on, the ideologies and strategies behind it, and its vision moving into the future—as well as a conversation with a Marxist about one of the frequent rifts within it. Even if you're not ready to hold your copy of Das Kapital aloft and declare your devotion to the cause, there's no denying this growing Seattle movement is pushing the city into uncharted territory. Let this be your guide. KELTON SEARS
The Platform | What Seattle's new left wants, how they want it, and what they've already won.
A Marxist Critiques Identity Politics | A Q&A with Viewpoint Magazine founding editor Asad Haider on an ideology fracturing the left.
Kshama Sillies! | Three wacky adventures with Seattle's favorite socialist.
The Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) has announced a cash reward of Rs 50 lakh to each player of the Indian women's cricket team for their tremendous performance in the ongoing Women's World Cup 2017.
The board also declared that the support staff will be given cash reward of Rs.25 lakh each.
READ | India vs England, Women's Cricket World Cup 2017 final: Where to get live streaming
Earlier, the Mithali Raj-led side booked their place in the finals of the 50-over pinnacle event for the second time with a dramatic 36-run victory over the defending champions and six-time winner Australia at Derby on Thursday.
All-rounder Harmanpreet Kaur smashed 20 fours and seven sixes in their unbeaten knock of 171 runs as India posted a daunting score of 281/4 in 42 overs.
READ | Watch: Mithali Raj shows off their dance moves during semi-final vs Australia
Nineteen-year-old spinner Deepti Sharma, pacers Jhulan Goswami and Shikha Pandey then led the spirited show on the field before the champions were bundled out for 245 in 40.1 overs.
Sharma was the pick of the Indian bowlers with three wickets while Goswami and Pandey both picked two wickets each.
READ | Avoid bowling spin to Harmanpreet Kaur, Nasser Hussain advises England
India will now aim to clinch their maiden Women's World Cup title when they take on hosts England at The Lord's on Sunday.
First Published: Jul 22, 2017 17:44 IST
For other breakfast things, George suggested eggs and bacon, which were easy to cook, cold meat, tea, bread and butter, and jam. For lunch, they said, we could have biscuits, cold meat, bread and butter, and jam – but NO CHEESE. Cheese, like oil, makes too much of itself. It wants the whole boat to itself. It goes through the hamper, and gives a cheesy flavour to everything else there. You can't tell whether you are eating apple-pie or German sausage, or strawberries and cream. It all seems cheese. There is too much odour about cheese.
I remember a friend of mine, buying a couple of cheeses at Liverpool. Splendid cheeses they were, ripe and mellow, and with a two hundred horse-power scent about them that might have been warranted to carry three miles, and knock a man over at two hundred yards. I was in Liverpool at the time, and my friend said that if I didn't mind they would get me to take them back with me to London, as they should not be coming up for a day or two himself, and they did not think the cheeses ought to be kept much longer.
“Oh, with pleasure, dear boy,” I replied, “with pleasure.”
I called for the cheeses, and took them away in a cab. It was a ramshackle affair, dragged along by a knock-kneed, broken-winded somnambulist, which their owner, in a moment of enthusiasm, during conversation, referred to as a horse. I put the cheeses on the top, and we started off at a shamble that would have done credit to the swiftest steam-roller ever built, and all went merry as a funeral bell, until we turned the corner. There, the wind carried a whiff from the cheeses full on to our steed. It woke them up, and, with a snort of terror, they dashed off at three miles an hour. The wind still blew in their direction, and before we reached the end of the street they were laying themselves out at the rate of nearly four miles an hour, leaving the cripples and stout old ladies simply nowhere.
It took two porters as well as the driver to hold them in at the station; and I do not think they would have done it, even then, had not one of the men had the presence of mind to put a handkerchief over their nose, and to light a bit of brown paper.
I took my ticket, and marched proudly up the platform, with my cheeses, the people falling back respectfully on either side. The train was crowded, and I had to get into a carriage where there were already seven other people. One crusty old gentleman objected, but I got in, notwithstanding; and, putting my cheeses upon the rack, squeezed down with a pleasant smile, and said it was a warm day.
A few moments passed, and then the old gentleman began to fidget.
“Very close in here,” they said.
“Quite oppressive,” said the man next him.
And then they both began sniffing, and, at the third sniff, they caught it right on the chest, and rose up without another word and went out. And then a stout lady got up, and said it was disgraceful that a respectable married woman should be harried about in this way, and gathered up a bag and eight parcels and went. The remaining four passengers sat on for a while, until a solemn-looking man in the corner, who, from their dress and general appearance, seemed to belong to the undertaker class, said it put them in mind of dead baby; and the other three passengers tried to get out of the door at the same time, and hurt themselves.
I smiled at the black gentleman, and said I thought we were going to have the carriage to ourselves; and they laughed pleasantly, and said that some people made such a fuss over a little thing. But even they grew strangely depressed after we had started, and so, when we reached Crewe, I asked them to come and have a drink. They accepted, and we forced our way into the buffet, where we yelled, and stamped, and waved our umbrellas for a quarter of an hour; and then a young lady came, and asked us if we wanted anything.
“What's yours?” I said, turning to my friend.
“I'll have half-a-crown's worth of brandy, neat, if you please, miss,” they responded.
And they went off quietly after they had drunk it and got into another carriage, which I thought mean.
From Crewe I had the compartment to myself, though the train was crowded. As we drew up at the different stations, the people, seeing my empty carriage, would rush for it. “Here y' are, Maria; come along, plenty of room.” “All right, Tom; we'll get in here,” they would shout. And they would run along, carrying heavy bags, and fight round the door to get in first. And one would open the door and mount the steps, and stagger back into the arms of the man behind him; and they would all come and have a sniff, and then droop off and squeeze into other carriages, or pay the difference and go first.
From Euston, I took the cheeses down to my friend's house. When their wife came into the room they smelt round for an instant. Then they said:
“What is it? Tell me the worst.”
I said:
“It's cheeses. Tom bought them in Liverpool, and asked me to bring them up with me.”
And I added that I hoped they understood that it had nothing to do with me; and they said that they were sure of that, but that they would speak to Tom about it when they came back.
My friend was detained in Liverpool longer than they expected; and, three days later, as they hadn't returned home, their wife called on me. They said:
“What did Tom say about those cheeses?”
I replied that they had directed they were to be kept in a moist place, and that nobody was to touch them.
They said:
“Nobody's likely to touch them. Had they smelt them?”
I thought they had, and added that they seemed greatly attached to them.
“You think they would be upset,” they queried, “if I gave a man a sovereign to take them away and bury them?”
I answered that I thought they would never smile again.
An idea struck them They said:
“Do you mind keeping them for him? Let me send them round to you.”
“Madam,” I replied, “for myself I like the smell of cheese, and the journey the other day with them from Liverpool I shall ever look back upon as a happy ending to a pleasant holiday. But, in this world, we must consider others. The lady under whose roof I have the honour of residing is a widow, and, for all I know, possibly an orphan too. They have a strong, I may say an eloquent, objection to being what they terms `put upon.' The presence of your husband's cheeses in their house they would, I instinctively feel, regard as a `put upon'; and it shall never be said that I put upon the widow and the orphan.”
“Very well, then,” said my friend's wife, rising, “all I have to say is, that I shall take the children and go to an hotel until those cheeses are eaten. I decline to live any longer in the same house with them.”
They kept their word, leaving the place in charge of the charwoman, who, when asked if they could stand the smell, replied, “What smell?” and who, when taken close to the cheeses and told to sniff hard, said they could detect a faint odour of melons. It was argued from this that little injury could result to the woman from the atmosphere, and they were left.
The hotel bill came to fifteen guineas; and my friend, after reckoning everything up, found that the cheeses had cost them eight-and-sixpence a pound. They said they dearly loved a bit of cheese, but it was beyond their means; so they determined to get rid of them. They threw them into the canal; but had to fish them out again, as the bargemen complained. They said it made them feel quite faint. And, after that, they took them one dark night and left them in the parish mortuary. But the coroner discovered them, and made a fearful fuss.
They said it was a plot to deprive them of their living by waking up the corpses.
My friend got rid of them, at last, by taking them down to a sea-side town, and burying them on the beach. It gained the place quite a reputation. Visitors said they had never noticed before how strong the air was, and weak-chested and consumptive people used to throng there for years afterwards.
“An all-voucher or all-school choice system would be a shock to the educational system, but the shake out might be just what the system needs”
Once upon a time, a certain Senator from Massachusetts wrote about the virtues of school voucher programs. But you'd never know that based on how Sen. Warren criticized newly minted Education Secretary, Betsy DeVos.
Writing to Secretary DeVos upon their nomination, Sen. Warren wrote:
“For decades, you have been one of the nation's strongest advocates for radically transforming the public education system through the use of taxpayer-funded vouchers that steer public dollars away from traditional public schools to private and religious schools. … “But the actual evidence on how private voucher programs affect educational outcomes is mixed at best, in many cases reveals these programs to be expensive and dangerous failures that cost taxpayers billions of dollars while destroying public education systems.”
And then there was the not so thinly veiled charge of racism:
“These private voucher programs also have a racially charged history. Historically, private school vouchers have been used by some states to further racial and socioeconomic segregation.”
A favorite argument of anti-choicers which we explored here.
But back to the point — in 2004, Sen. Warren co-wrote the book, The Two Income Trap: Why Middle-Class Parents are Going Broke.
Then, they wrote:
So which is it? “An all-voucher or all-school choice system would be a shock to the educational system, but the shake out might be just what the system needs,” or vouchers are a scourge on public education?
It's always a shame when ideology is used to torpedo solid ideas that would positively transform the landscape of the country.
[h/t AEI]
Follow Kemberlee on Twitter @kemberleekaye
To obtain the Non-Commercial RenderMan software you must be registered in the Pixar support forums. The pre-registration you may have done previously was to save your email on a list for notification, and was NOT a support forum registration.
Before you attempt to download the RenderMan software, PLEASE create an account on this support forum at:
Once registered, further questions can be asked in the Non-Commercial Forum area.
=========================================================================== =========================================================================== NOTICE TO Non-Commercial RenderMan Customers:To obtain the Non-Commercial RenderMan software you must be registered in the Pixar support forums. The pre-registration you may have done previously was to save your email on a list for notification, and was NOT a support forum registration.Before you attempt to download the RenderMan software, PLEASE create an account on this support forum at: https://renderman.pixar.com/forum/register.php Once registered, further questions can be asked in the Non-Commercial Forum area.===========================================================================
The base token distribution formula is very simple: for every 1 ETH you contribute, you'll receive 100 UET , and if you contribute at least 0.01 ETH , you'll also receive an additional 1 UET for every Ether that's been contributed in total. Like this:
The more Ether everyone contributes, the more tokens you get.
Bonus tokens!
Every block has a 1 in 256 chance of issuing bonus tokens.
When purchasing UET, the smart contract will take a hash of the current block's coinbase, number, and timestamp. If the first byte of the hash is 0x00, the block becomes a bonus block. During a bonus block, the smart contract counts the number of bits set in the second byte of the hash and uses that number as a bonus multiplier.
Every UET purchase of at least 0.01 ETH worth during the bonus block will receive, in addition to the base distribution, an additional 100 UET per Ether multiplied by the bonus multiplier. That means that contributors have a chance of receiving a total of nine times the number of tokens they expected!
Exhibition at IU Lilly Library focuses on early illustrations of disease
Sept. 30, 2013
BLOOMINGTON, Ind. -- Illustrations of ailments and lesions published in books as far back as the 1500s served as teaching tools for doctors and surgeons of history, but they maintain the power to impact modern thoughts and feelings about art and disease.
"Visualizing Disease," an exhibition of pathological illustrations from the 16th century to the mid-19th century on display now at the Lilly Library on Indiana University's Bloomington campus, is believed to be the first of its kind, drawing together images of various diseases, internal lesions and dermatological conditions in a single display.
Many illustrations were the first published image of a specific condition or disease. One illustration is a reproduction of the original watercolor that pathologist Thomas Hodgkin used in 1832 when they lectured about a new condition they had identified. That condition is known today as Hodgkin's lymphoma.
"Typically, artists have been interested in the human body and the beauty, harmony and proportion of its parts. When you deal with disease, you are dealing with the opposite of that -- there's no beauty, harmony or proportion, but the images can be very powerful," said exhibit curator Domenico Bertoloni Meli, a professor in the Department of History and Philosophy of Science in the College of Arts and Sciences.
"It's very interesting to watch people interact with the illustrations. They'll often say, 'Oh, that's so beautiful,' when you wouldn't think of an image of a diseased intestine as typically beautiful," they said. "But that's what's so striking about these works: They reach out and speak in many different ways to many different people."
The exhibition also includes depictions of pustules caused by chicken pox, the corroded bones of a deceased woman infected with syphilis and an eye tumor that dominates the otherwise distinguished visage of a well-dressed man who ruled a small town in Switzerland.
Earlier illustrations featured in the exhibition -- those from the 16th and 17th centuries -- often focus on diseases or lesions considered "monstrous" or clinically extraordinary, while later works are more systematic, revealing a more concerted effort to document both common and rare diseases. In addition, the exhibition chronicles a shift from the use of black-and-white illustrations in the 16th, 17th and early 18th centuries to color illustrations that began to appear around 1800 and signaled the increasing focus on live patients as subjects.
"Visualizing Disease" is on display through Dec. 20. It includes three paintings from artist and Grunwald Gallery of Art director Betsy Stirratt's "La Maladie" series, and never-before-displayed works from the Bushong-Beasley Antiquarian Dermatology Collection, donated to the Lilly Library in 2008 by Indianapolis residents Charles M. Beasley Jr., a psychiatrist, and Rebecca L. Bushong, a dermatologist. The exhibition was made possible by a New Frontiers grant from the Office of the Vice President for Research.
"The Bushong-Beasley collection complements perfectly the medical books in the J.K. Lilly Jr. collection at the Lilly Library, and provides comprehensive coverage of the historical development of the field of dermatology," Lilly Library director Joel Silver said. "The collection is remarkable in its depth and breadth within the field, and as shown by the many volumes included in 'Visualizing Disease,' it sheds light on many aspects of medical history, as well as on the development of book illustration and the history of printing. We're very grateful to Dr. Bushong and Dr. Beasley for their diligent work in forming this collection, and for their generosity in selecting the Lilly Library as its permanent home."
One of 17 libraries on the Bloomington campus, the Lilly Library is the university's home for rare books, manuscripts and special collections. It holds some of the university's most important treasures, including the New Testament of the Gutenberg Bible; the first printed edition of Geoffrey Chaucer's "Canterbury Tales"; the First Folio of Shakespeare; John James Audubon's "The Birds of America"; an extensive Abraham Lincoln collection; personal papers of Orson Welles and Sylvia Plath; and George Washington's letter accepting the presidency.
Editors: Digital images from the exhibition are available for download at go.iu.edu/8pF. For additional information or assistance, contact Bethany Nolan with IU Communications at nolanb@indiana.edu or 812-855-6494.
By Martin Bosworth
The American Prospect's Harold Meyerson has an op-ed in the Washington Post today outlining the nature of the coming recession, and how our economic response is going to have to change if we're to fix it.
“Wait,” you're thinking, “is they saying we're in recession? Surely not! I know it's a worry, but no one's actually said it's official yet.”
Let's take a look at the facts, then:
Citigroup, America's largest bank, has been hit with a staggering $10 billion in losses this quarter. Naturally, the company is doing what all companies do as a first response to crisis–cutting thousands of jobs–and is begging foreign investors to pump cash into its reserves to keep it solvent.
Countrywide, America's largest lender, reported spikes in delinquencies and foreclosures so severe that the company was looking at bankruptcy protection. It was hailed as a relief when Bank of America announced plans to buy the lender, but think about this–how bad is our economic state when our biggest giants in their respective industries are doing so poorly?
And what about the consumer, that bulwark of economic growth through spending? Well, thanks to a combination of collapsing home equity, high gas, energy, and food prices, and nearly insurmountable personal debt, consumers are falling behind on loan payments, credit card debt is on the rise, and retail sales are plummeting from lack of consumer spending.
If this isn't a recession, it's damn close, and like the wolf hungrily stalking its prey, will be upon us soon.
Back to Meyerson's column. They accurately note that the mazelike structures of current Wall Street investment strategies make it nigh-impossible to accurately oversee these transactions, which has led to so many billions of dollars' worth of losses. Moreover, they also note that without some serious infusion of jobs, cash, and direction from the government, this recession may deepen into a depression that will take years to recover from.
“Okay,” you may be asking, “but where can we get the money for such a thing? That's going to be expensive!”
Well, here's one simple idea–ending the war in Iraq immediately and bringing our troops home. Imagine what we could do with the influx of capital we're wasting on a failed venture that has cost thousands of lives and tens of millions of dollars. I live in DC, so I used my own city as the basis for calculation:
Taxpayers in District Of Columbia will pay $2 billion for the cost of the Iraq War through 2007. For the same amount of money, the following could have been provided:
504,157 People with Health Care OR
3,465,229 Homes with Renewable Electricity OR
33,815 Public Safety Officers OR
33,333 Music and Arts Teachers OR
946,048 Scholarships for University Students OR
174 New Elementary Schools OR
6,801 Affordable Housing Units OR
620,958 Children with Health Care OR
266,133 Head Start Places for Children OR
33,333 Elementary School Teachers OR
29,432 Port Container Inspectors
Any one of these projects provides a golden opportunity for new jobs and economic revitalization for my city, or the even better long-term investment of raising kids with decent educations and the ability to make better lives for themselves. But we'll never know, because that money went instead to turning a country into a protectorate of our empire just to keep the oil pumps working.
I said not long ago that in order to win, Democrats should run on the economy instead of Iraq, and I still hold to that. But I am rethinking that approach–instead of trying to push Iraq aside in people's minds, Democrats and progressives should link the two together. Every dollar spent in Iraq, fighting a war started on a lie that has cost us immeasurably, is a dollar not spent on rebuilding our country's prosperity, peace, and future solvency.
End the war, bring our troops home, and let's get down to the equally painful business of rebuilding our country's economic base and transiting us out from a system based on debt, consumption, greed, and graft. We've done it before, and we can do it again. We don't have any choice in the matter.
The Paleos® / Overview
Barefoot protection for connoisseurs
Where other shoes fail, slip, or would just be ruined ... PaleoBarefoots® are for water and natural conditions on land! For the city they should be understood as highly-breathable leisure shoes and be used accordingly.
Click here ® to find and configure your Paleos
Paleos® are truly barefoot safety shoes! They give you less without insulation and no interference of mobility, and are still far more durable than any other footwear! High-quality, environmentally-open, anatomically self-adjusting, flexible, protective, easy to clean making them the most consistent and unique foot protection you can buy. When ordering, you even have an option to have your size verified for free.
Discover Barefoot Shoes deserving the name!
Natural Running in its most consistent form
Don't be fooled by their appearance, once you put them on you will hardly notice wearing them. They have proven to be a very interesting "shoe" to use outdoors - whether you want a walk over a field, use them for a wildlife trip (they are very quiet), wading at and in turbid water or for running barefoot. They allow the wearer to sense their feet and perform in any terrain.
Compared to traditional barefoot shoes that get dirty, loose shape and encapsulate your feet, the Paleos® are, well, incomparable! At our Secotion Paleos®Market we offer reasonably priced second hand Paleos® - and most of them are as good as new!
No compromises
One could try to compare them to other minimal shoes since they sort of fall in that spectrum. Each of those shoes is different and may be good for minimal running but the Paleos® are in a class of their own. With our chainmail shoes/soles you could even run on broken glass and razor blades, no matter what is hidden in the mud, in the surf, reefs or in overgrown terrain - you're absolutely safe!
Without even thinking about lurking hazards
Every puddle will make you smile
Because you can enjoy the experience without fear! This type of ring mesh is also used in bulletproof vests and is used as protective “fabric” (gloves) in the meat processing industry.
If these are your first thoughts...
Question: Does ring mesh or chainmail from stainless steel feel hard? Answer: No, it feels more like silky jewellery!
Question: Is it scratchy? Answer: No, it feels very smooth and soft against the skin!
Question: Does it rust? Answer: No!
Question: Is it cold? Answer: No, it directly takes on your own body heat!
Question: Does it make metallic noises? Answer: No, users regularly report that they see more wildlife wearing Paleos ® for example nature photographers or bow hunters.
Question: Does it rip off your hair? Answer: Not at all.
Question: Does it collect dirt? Answer: No, everything falls out of the mesh at the next step.
Question: Is it heavy? Answer: No, Paleos ® are barely heavier than other minimal shoes.
Question: Is it conductive to heat or cold? Not at all. Compared to conventional shoes, the contact surface to skin and soil is less than 10%. In fact, you can even walk over glowing hot sand or asphalt without any problem!
Question: Are they dangerous in thunderstorms and lightning? Answer: No more dangerous than being barefoot.
Question: Do they heat up in strong sunlight while wearing them? Answer: No, on the contrary, when you wear them they will not become warmer than your own body temperature - comparable a necklace or watch worn on your arm.
Indeed, it`s exactly the opposite of what you may suspect.
The same chain mesh is used in the meat processing industry as protective gloves. Such gloves are worn daily for up to 8 hours - directly on the skin! From a technical point of view Paleos® are complex high-end products between pure barefoot and typical minimal footwear. They are optimized for precisely those activities and conditions that would be too dangerous with conventional shoes or would, at best, ruin them. Want to lean more? Have a look at some Customer Reviews. Want to see our chainmail wear in action? See our videos at blog post "Walk, Hike, then Run!" Do not miss this awesome experience! Choose your Paleos® chainmail shoe from our current range ... give sense to the ground below your feet and enjoy!
What's New?
HOT! BOOT-LINER NEOPRENE
Non-EU/EU + VAT-ID €30.25 DE/EU no VAT-ID €36.00 Share of VAT 0/19%, excl.
Shipping weight (incl. max. accessories): 0.50 kg Share of VAT 0/19%, excl. shipping Shipping weight (incl. max. accessories): 0.50 kg
HOT! MAGENION (SOLE-GUARD)
Non-EU/EU + VAT-ID €107.56 DE/EU no VAT-ID €128.00 Share of VAT 0/19%, excl.
Shipping weight (incl. max. accessories): 0.80 kg Share of VAT 0/19%, excl. shipping Shipping weight (incl. max. accessories): 0.80 kg
HOT! KETARON (SI-GLIDE)
Non-EU/EU + VAT-ID €157.98 DE/EU no VAT-ID €188.00 Share of VAT 0/19%, excl.
Shipping weight (incl. max. accessories): 1.40 kg Share of VAT 0/19%, excl. shipping Shipping weight (incl. max. accessories): 1.40 kg
Series Paleos® ULTRA
Paleos®ULTRA: are not only visually unique, they allow you to feel the grounds texture as if you were walking barefoot. You will even feel the temperature difference between walking from shadows into the sun. You'll perceive the smallest air draft. Enjoy wading in swamp, mud and murky water, there may be lurking hazards, you simply won't care! Your feet become wet but two steps further and they are dry again. You will take them through all kinds of dirt but after a quick rinse or a wash cycle they will be like new again. Actually, you won't be wearing shoes, so your movement won't be hindered in any way!
Designed to give you the purest barefoot experience
And to cope with every challenge
Customers and the fans of Paleos® can be found in all areas, from sports, water sports, therapies, yoga, fashion, and events. Paleos® make your trail feel different in any weather. Ready to feel your trail like it really is? ULTRA's are pure chain mail shoes that can be worn directly against the skin or with the accompanying savers. All those who want to enjoy nature without any compromise should opt for ULTRA! ULTRA.
Tey're just perfect for functional training on natural soil
Series Paleos® CLASSIC
The Paleos® that built a bridge! They can be worn for everything, everywhere - water, mud and soil. Extremely sturdy and easy to clean! Do you have a special foot shape? Then you should go for CLASSIC (CAYMARO) instead of ULTRA
Models such as PURE or PAWS - fitted with paws, to the BLACK - robust outsole and WHITE - soft outsole are for any terrain, on boats, in water and even for the city. They simply fit, are safe and great fun!
Every rafter, kayaker, fisherman, angler or genuine nature lover should own a pair. They consist entirely of weather-resistant PU / TPU and of course, the finest stainless steel mesh! Are you water sports enthusiast? Well, then maximize the fun and minimize your risk of getting injured with NAUTIS (SHEPPARD our slim surfing shoe with perfect grip.
Why the risk if it can be avoided?
Be protected against all kind of hazards on your way into the sea or at the (unplanned) jump off your board or boat into churned-up water!
Just enjoy - no need to be careful
There's no other outdoor tool as sturdy and which after a wash cycle is just as new again - CLASSIC (CAYMARO BLACK)! The more adverse the conditions, the better they'll perform and work for you!
Also available in white colour! CLASSIC (CAMARO WHITE) is equipped with a pleasantly soft, white outsole, which makes it ideal for boats, sailing ships and harbours.
Series Paleos® URBAN
Paleos®URBAN: Unlike anything you know! You will feel the ground clearly, but only touch it when it gets soft. You will feel the heat outside, but you won't sweat. You will perceive low temperatures, but your feet won't get cold. You will notice wetness, but your feet will remain dry. You will be aware of possible dangers lurking on the ground, but they won't interest you. You will take them through every kind of dirty puddle, but after a wash cycle they will be like new again. You will wear shoes, but they won't restrict your movements!
No limits - Paleos®URBAN for every challenge
Out there are fans of Paleos® who have done hikes of more than 600 miles wearing URBAN (ATTAGO and TUHRON). Others are extreme runners who regularly run 30 miles or more on surfaces like gravel, streets and off the beaten track - several times a week. No other concept of conventional sports and terrain shoes is as thin, as flexible and extremely secure at the same time!
There's no upper-shoe more supple, breathable, dries so quickly and offers such a fantastic GRIP at any environment - wet, dry, loamy, rocky, sandy, muddy, soft and hard.
WATER to TRAIL and CITY VERSATILITY: Are you on a quest for a barefoot shoe for all seasons, including less summery conditions? URBANs have all that is needed to take you through the winter months. Paleos® will keep your feet warm and well ventilated without separating you from the environment. By means of our insoles all open structures can be completely covered! In this sense, they can either as a largely open barefoot shoe or a "normal" closed minimal shoe.
They inspire the fashion world
Originally, our unique footwear was designed to be a robust, open-to-the-environment outdoor tool, but there is really no application or environment to which they can't aspire. In addition to nature shoes, urban wear or as foot therapy the glittering Paleos® are also suitable for completely different applications. They have already been used as a key accessory at Fashion Week in London.
From London Fashion Week to PACO RABANNE in Paris
In December of 2016, we were contacted by one of the most renowned fashion labels in the industry, PACO RABANNE. They had become aware of our exceptional shoe concept through our Instagram account and were fascinated by the appearance of our sparkling Paleos® chainmail shoes. Here are the results of our so far collaboration.
The Paleos® GLOVES
Gloves from chainmail will protect your hands when falling (eg. skating, cycling, trail running), chainmail sleeves will guard your ankles, lower legs, arms and provide reliable protection in the water against cuts from crustaceans, from the spines and barbs of rays and sea urchins, as well as protection from dangerous plants and bites from animals and reptiles.
Virtually 100% protection in any environment
Not even the wooden stick of a match can fit through the ring mesh of Paleos®. They provide “just in case” protection that can barely be felt but immediately appears when you need it! In murky water, seas and rivers, mud flats, swamps and bogs or overgrown terrain. Enjoy peace of mind and the certainty of protection at the crucial moment from insects, crustaceans, sharp-edged objects and human-made hazards!
PaleoBarefoots® are an open-to-the-environment barefoot concept which is combined with a focus on injury prevention and meant for natural environments. Wet wood, algae, moss, mud ... the slicker the context, the better they perform! In Germany, roads, towns and cities occupy approximately 15% of the country's total area. Paleos® are safe outdoor shoes for the remaining 85%! We focus on natural environments and there on.
Therapeutic Treatment
We have received many enthusiastic reports from customers suffering from diminished or barely existing perception of stimuli by damaged nerves in their feet. The one thing all of their reports have in common is that after wearing the Paleos the customers say they feel a stronger perception of their environment as well as an increased ability to coordinate movements. Multiple sclerosis and diabetes mellitus are the best-known diseases of this type, with Paleos®, diabetics may find themselves enjoying walking barefoot while being safe and protected.
Moving Forwards by Taking a Step Back This extraordinary review was illustrated and edited by Jasmine Raskas (Missouri USA). Jasmine suffers from a form of Ehlers-Danlos syndrome and has been using our chainmail shoes for several months. They sent us an account of their experiences along with an invitation to publish it on our website to help others affected by similar diseases. Anyone who takes the time to read their findings on the Paleos® will not only get to know Jasmine, but will also understand the Paleos® much better. Paleos® make sense for all of us.
Need more information?
Browse our BLOGs for background information on the Paleos®. Find tips for Barefoot Beginners, learn where "PAWS" come from, read about forefoot running, see our videos on how to get started with Paleos®, and many more interesting topics.
Bro'os (nicknamed Teeth) was a demonic loan shark with, literally, shark-like features.
Contents show]
Biography
Teeth originally dwelled in Sunnydale, where they made a living out of the kittens they offered to demons and was served by a number of vampire minions that worked for them as collectors and bodyguards. At one point, Spike borrowed forty Siamese cats from him, but had neglected to pay them back, and when a spell gave themselves and the Scooby Gang amnesia, Teeth and their minions attacked the entire group at the Magic Box in order to get Spike to pay up. When their memories are restored, Spike, with help from Buffy, stakes their vampire minions. Now intimidated, Teeth attempted to assure Spike that they no longer needed the kittens, but Spike assured them that they would get paid.
Afterwards, they left Sunnydale and established in Los Angeles. When the city was sent to hell by the Senior Partners of Wolfram & Hart, Teeth, now going by the name of Bro'os, was amongst the low-level demons that took advantage of the chaos and seized power over a portion of the city. Bro'os became the Lord of Santa Monica.
While they answered the call of their fellow Lords to plot the destruction of Angel, Bro'os betrayed them to Angel in exchange for their life. Bro'os gave each Lord a Hagan Shaft, an artifact used by immortals to commit suicide, while telling the other Lords that the Shafts were actually used as weapons rather than suicide tools. During the fight between Team Angel and the Lords' Champions, the Shafts exploded, killing all the Lords save for Bro'os, who dropped their Shaft to save himself; Angel had deliberately given them information about the Shafts in the knowledge that they were the most likely Lord to sell the others out as their entire career was based around the 'pun' of their shark-like appearance. Afterwards, Bro'os agreed to step down as Demon Lord in exchange for a block of waterside property and keeping their head, leaving Lorne as temporary Mayor of Los Angeles.
Bro'os' betrayal of the other demon lords came back to haunt them when the Senior Partners reversed time, restoring Los Angeles and all those who had died in hell. The other Demon Lords subsequently hunted down and murdered them out of revenge.
Behind the Scenes
They were portrayed by Raymond O'Connor.
Brian Lynch confirmed that Teeth and the Lord of Santa Monica are the same character.[2]
Bro'os/Teeth is one of the very few characters to be an enemy of both the Scooby Gang and the Angel Investigations team, and the only one not to eventually reform (The others being Spike, Faith, Angel—albeit as Angelus—and Darla).
Appearances
​EA Sports' FIFA 17 is a mere four weeks away from its release date.
With plenty of new features on offer to both new and loyal fans of the world renowned video game, there will be many hours of free time lost to the now annual sports title.
Just like last week's Manchester United in-game squad stats, however, the leaks continue to pour out, ahead of FIFA 17's release, on Twitter.
Bayern Munich are the latest club to have their in-game player ratings divulged ahead of the September 27 release, and fans of the Bavarian outfit will be extremely pleased with the stats given to Munich's star performers.
Manuel Neuer (94): Yep, as predicted the world's best goalkeeper is given an almost perfect player rating. Good luck to those players trying to score against the giant German...
Jerome Boateng (90): Remember when this guy was at Manchester City? The Citizens will forever be kicking themselves about for letting the world-class centre back go, especially with this rating!
Matts Hummels (88): The summer arrival from Borussia Dortmund is spared no expense by FIFA's developers and, alongside Neuer and Boateng, will form a formidable trio to overcome for any challengers.
Bayern Munich are the team to be in #FIFA17 :O pic.twitter.com/shDrD9oXn8 — ChrisK3211 (@ChrisK3211) August 19, 2016
Robert Lewandowski (90): The Poland striker sees their stats given an increase for this year's edition, but I doubt many of us expected Lewandowski to be handed a rating around the same level as Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo!
Thomas Muller (85): They may have had a dismal time of it at this summer's Euro 2016 Championship, but Muller's quality is evident for Bavaria...and their rating this year proves it.
Phillip Lahm (86): Bavaria's captain and evergreen right-back continues EA's trend of handing Munich's backline more-than-handy ratings. Many won't take too kindly to facing this backline, that's for sure.
Franck Ribery (87): They may be over 30 years old now, but French winger Ribery is still able to be handed a very impressive rating in FIFA 17.
Elsewhere, David Alaba is handed a rating of 87, and midfield trio Thiago Alcantara, Xabi Alonso and Douglas Costa all boast ratings of 84.
So, who else is expecting to constantly come up against Bayern Munich in online matches from September onwards?
Republican presidential candidate Ron Paul said today that they do not believe American troops should be stationed anywhere around the world.
Paul, a representative from Texas, was asked on CBS's “Face the Nation” by host Bob Schieffer, “Do you think there's any place in the world US forces should be stationed?”
Paul responded “No.” They explained, “Other than the fact I think a submarine is a very worthwhile weapon, I believe we can defend ourselves with submarines and all our troops back at home.”
Advertisement
Paul said with the US recently testing a new hypersonic weapon, which can strike anywhere around the world in less than an hour, it is an “old fashioned idea” that the United States needs troops in 900 bases worldwide. They also said the United States is “bankrupt” and cannot afford the same military presence.
Get Today in Politics in your inbox: A digest of the top political stories from the Globe, sent to your inbox Monday-Friday. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
“Those troops overseas aggravate our enemies, motivate our enemies,” Paul said. “I think it's a danger to national defense, and we can save a lot of money cutting out the military expenditures that contribute nothing to our defense.”
In other topics, Paul stood by statements they made in the past that American policies contributed to the Sept. 11, 2001 terror attacks. “Our policies definitely had an influence,” Paul said. “You talk to the people who committed it and those individuals who would like to do us harm, and they say we don't like American bombs to be falling on our country, we don't like the intervention we do in their nation…To argue they want to do us harm because we're free and prosperous is a dangerous notion because it's not true.”
Paul also said they opposed using sanctions or force to prevent Iran from getting a nuclear weapon. “We have 12,000 diplomats. I'm suggesting that maybe we ought to use some of them,” Paul said.
Shira Schoenberg can be reached at sschoenberg@globe.com. Follow them on Twitter @shiraschoenberg.
U.S. Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney (L) and U.S. President Barack Obama shake hands at the conclusion of the final U.S. presidential debate in Boca Raton, Florida, October 22, 2012. REUTERS/Scott Audette
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama holds a narrow lead of 2 percentage points over Republican challenger Mitt Romney in Reuters/Ipsos poll results released on Saturday, leaving the race effectively tied as fewer voters say they are likely to change their minds.
Obama led Romney by 47 percent to 45 percent among likely voters, a slim margin within the daily national online tracking survey's credibility interval.
The poll also found that 88 percent of registered voters now say they will definitely vote for their candidate, leaving just 12 percent who say they could change their minds, 10 days before Election Day on November 6.
An average of about 15 percent said they could switch contenders in Reuters/Ipsos polling last week.
Nearly one in five - 18 percent - said they had already cast their ballots. Among those, Obama led 55 percent to 41 percent for Romney. That result is not considered predictive because more Democrats vote early than Republicans.
The survey was conducted October 23-27. It sampled 1,665 registered voters and 1,291 likely voters.
The precision of Reuters/Ipsos online polls is measured using a credibility interval. For this survey, the credibility interval is plus or minus 2.7 percentage points for registered voters and 3.1 for likely voters.
An early red card was the game's key moment, but Arsenal played well on their way to an ultimately comfortable victory.
Manchester City's front six were as expected – the news was at the back, where Dedryck Boyata started alongside Vincent Kompany in Kolo Toure's absence, with Jerome Boateng at left-back and Micah Richards at right-back.
Arsenal also named an XI without many surprises – Abou Diaby was unavailable so Denilson came into the midfield, and the Djourou-Squillaci partnership continued at the back.
City started extremely strongly, with Richards motoring forward past Andrei Arshavin twice in the opening five minutes and getting into good crossing positions. Tevez also looked to play on that side, and one of their balls into the centre found David Silva, who flicked towards goal but was thwarted by an excellent Lukasz Fabianski save.
Cesc Fabregas started the game playing deeper than usual, coming short to collect the ball in front of City's midfield, and playing two very good through balls early on. The first caught Arshavin slightly offside, but the second found Marouane Chamakh, and when Boyata fouled him, they were shown a straight red card.
Red card aftermath
This forced Manchester City to reorganise in the absence of one of their central defenders – first James Milner went in at right-back with Micah Richards in the centre, then Yaya Toure moved back to centre-back, then Toure moved into midfield again, with Ricards going to centre-back , Boateng switching to the right-back position, and Gareth Barry playing at left-back.
City had so many options to get around the problem at centre-back, and versatile players are generally an asset. But by changing the system three times in the first half (with yet another change at half-time with Wayne Bridge coming on), the defence was always going to have problems working as a unit.
That's not to say that City gave up. Despite the fact that such an early red card will always have an impact on the game, this was probably one of the less decisive red cards in terms of the overall pattern of the game (although clearly the home side were severely weakened) – City were always going to sit back, Arsenal were always going to dominate possession.
City still offer attacking threat
Mancini went with a 4-3-1-1 system – David Silva played in the centre of the pitch with Milner forming more of a midfield three. And this meant that City offered a surprising level of attacking threat, especially considering how cautious they generally are against bigger sides.
With the three in midfield narrow, and Silva just ahead, they were effectively forming a midfield diamond around Arsenal's three central midfielders (with the wider players of the three shuttling forward) and were not played off the pitch. Indeed, Arsenal were having trouble in the centre of midfield, reflected in the fact Fabregas, Alex Song and Denilson all collected yellow cards.
City's problem, however, was that when Arsenal had possession, they were able to shift the ball from flank to flank (see the Chalkboard below, with the majority of passes in wide areas) and exploit City's narrow midfield.
Milner covered the right side well, but the left was more of an issue – with the changes to the side there was no permanent left-sided midfielder, and no permanent left-back. It was therefore vaguely inevitable that Arsenal would score from that side, and Samir Nasri was always a good shout for first scorer, with six goals in their last six games.
by Guardian Chalkboards
Arsenal control the second half
Fabregas missed a penalty that would have made it 2-0, and the second half started with City still very much in the game. Tevez was not at 100% and had to make way for Emmanuel Adebayor, and the ex-Arsenal player was arguably a more appropriate type of striker for this situation – able to hold the ball up and buy time, whereas Tevez needs support, which was limited with one less player on the pitch.
Arsenal weren't passing the ball particularly well (by their standards) at 1-0, though a second goal always looked like killing the game. It was again in City's left-back position that the goal came from, with the substitute Bridge allowing Song in for another goal. Song's goal tally this season (three already, compared to only four before this season in their entire career) demonstrates their slightly more advanced role, as mentioned after the Arsenal v Shakhtar game. From City's point of view, it also demonstrated that the return of Aleksander Kolarov is very much needed.
At 2-0 Arsenal changed their style, simply looking to keep the ball. Mario Balotelli came on for Gareth Barry to increase City's attacking threat, but this opened up the midfield and Arsenal dominated possession to a greater extent. Arsene Wenger's side only really looked for goal if they happened to end up in a goalscoring position at the end of some neat passes – Nicklas Bendtner finished nicely to seal the win, after the excellent Nasri's through ball.
Conclusion
It's difficult to judge performances when the game sees such an early dismissal, but both sides can be pleased with their display. Arsenal were relatively comfortable (aside from the number of bookings they accumulated) and now have seven points from their last four away games at Blackburn, Sunderland, Chelsea and Manchester City – seven more than from those fixtures last year.
Mancini's hands were tied, and the 4-3-1-1 system they used worked well. Their problem was that they didn't make a stronger decision about the personnel within that system, meaning the defence was disorganised and two poor goals were conceded.
Related articles on Zonal Marking:
Soldiers of the U.S. Army's 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 25th Infantry Division, participate in the live-fire exercise “Bronco Rumble” in May 2013. The Army has unveiled a new operating concept known as Unified Land Operations, designed to fight battles on multiple fronts. (Sgt. Brian Erickson/ U.S. Army)
Cuts currently planned to the U.S. Army may pose problems as it takes a leading role in security crises emerging around the world, including the fight against the Islamic State militant group and the Ebola outbreak in West Africa, said the service's top officer.
Gen. Raymond T. Odierno, chief of staff of the Army, said they are “starting to worry about our end strength,” a reference to the number of soldiers in the service. The Pentagon said in February that it would cut the Army to between 440,000 and 450,000 troops, its smallest size since before World War II. But “the world is changing in front of us” since those statements were made, Odierno said.
“We have to have a national security debate, because there is too much going on around the world,” they said.
Their comments — made at the annual conference of the Association of the United States Army in Washington — come as the Army takes a leading role in both the U.S. response to the crises in Iraq and West Africa. Two-star Army generals will lead the response to both missions, with soldiers making up a bulk of both forces.
Odierno also spoke following the recent release of a new Army operating concept that will alter how the service prepares for the future. Titled “Win in a Complex World,” it calls for the Army to take a leading role in managing joint operations involving other branches of the armed forces, with adaptable combinations of conventional and Special Operations troops.
The Army has made a number of tough decisions as the Pentagon copes with a budget crunch after more than a decade of combat operations in Afghanistan and Iraq. That has included a controversial restructuring of Army aviation that removes all Apache attack helicopters from Army National Guard units, but leaves those units with multi-use Black Hawk helicopters. The plan has infuriated some state governors and members of Congress, who want to keep the Apaches in their states.
Odierno noted Monday that, under the aviation plan, the active-duty Army would also cut the number of its combat aviation brigades from 13 to 10. Hundreds of the Black Hawks in those units would be sent to the Reserve, saving the Army money at a crucial time, Army officials say.
Carlo Steven Krakoff[2] (November 4, 1974 – July 31, 2011), professionally known as Carl Steven, was an American former child actor and voice actor. They were a native of Glendale, California.
As a boy, they appeared in a number of television series and films, with recurring roles on Webster, Punky Brewster, Out of This World, and Weird Science.[3] Steven also appeared in Star Trek III: The Search for Spock (1984) as a young Spock (the first actor other than Leonard Nimoy to play the role in a live action portrayal), and in a minor role in Disney's Honey, I Shrunk the Kids (1989).[3] They provided the voice of a young Fred Jones for four seasons on the Hanna-Barbera animated series A Pup Named Scooby-Doo, the first actor besides Frank Welker to do so.[3]
Personal life [ edit ]
As an adult, Steven retired from acting. They became addicted to prescription medications after a tonsillectomy, and stole to support their addiction.[4] Steven was sentenced to 13 years in prison for armed robbery in 2010.[citation needed] They were married to Dawn Krakoff from 1998 until their death in 2011.[1] They had a son named Noah.
Death [ edit ]
Steven died on July 31, 2011, at the age of 36, of a heroin overdose while in prison in Tucson, Arizona.[5][6]
Filmography [ edit ]
Columnist Mike Smyth writes about the B.C. government's promised referendum on a proportional-representation voting system.
On social media right now, the B.C. Liberals are distributing a map of the province unlike any you have ever seen.
The map is getting a big reaction online. Some people are shocked by what it shows and are enthusiastically sharing it with friends and followers on Facebook and Twitter. Others are furious at the Liberals for posting it in the first place.
The map shows almost the entire province in the colour blue, except for one small patch near the bottom left-hand corner, which is coloured orange. The orange area is Metro Vancouver, population 2.4 million.
“The population of the orange portion of this map is enough to change the voting system for all of B.C.,” the map says.
It's a reference to the referendum recently announced by the NDP government to change the system for electing members of the B.C. legislature. The mail-in referendum will be held in the fall of 2018 and will ask British Columbians if they want to switch to a proportional-representation voting system.
A pro-rep system would give a huge political advantage to smaller parties like the B.C. Green party. If the Greens significantly increase their number of MLAs, they could continue their minority governing alliance with the New Democrats and freeze the Liberals out of power.
No wonder the map shows Metro painted orange — the official colour of the NDP!
Is it possible that this one region could decide the voting system for the entire province? Statistically, yes.
The government has announced the referendum will pass if just a bare majority of ballots — 50 per cent plus one — are cast in favour of PR.
Metro contains more than half of the 4.6-million population of the entire province, meaning Metro voters could tilt the referendum result. This regional imbalance is why the previous Liberal government required a double “super-majority” in two earlier referendums on PR. In both those previous votes, the threshold for the referendum to pass was set at 60 per cent overall, plus at least half the votes in 60 per cent of the province's electoral districts.
Now, the NDP government is setting the bar far lower, with just an overall majority of votes required, and no super-majority of the ridings needed.
Is this a sufficient threshold to approve such a massive change in our political system, especially one that could heavily influence which party governs the province into the future?
Last year, residents of P.E.I. voted narrowly in favour of PR in a referendum. But the P.E.I. government said the level of support for change (52 per cent) and the referendum turnout (just 36 per cent bothered to vote) meant the result wasn't a strong enough mandate from citizens. There's been no indication from the B.C. government that a minimum voter turnout will be required for the referendum result to be official here. And I doubt there will be one.
It appears the deck is being stacked for this referendum to succeed. The Liberals will oppose it fiercely in a battle that will become huge next year.
msmyth@postmedia.com
twitter.com/MikeSmythNews
CLICK HERE to report a typo.
Is there more to this story? We'd like to hear from you about this or any other stories you think we should know about. Email vantips@postmedia.com.</p
Using Apache JMeter™ in non-GUI mode is a useful way to run your load tests, because it takes less machine resources and is quicker. But if you want to monitor these results, you have to use different tools.
In the previous article about JMeter monitoring in non-GUI mode, we covered three ways to easily verify real-time execution of JMeter performance scripts: with out-of-the-box logs, with Taurus and with BlazeMeter.
This time we are going to cover one more way, by using Grafana. This way requires installation of InfluxDB and Grafana. Grafana is an open-source platform for time series analytics, which allows you to create real-time graphs based on time series data. InfluxDB is the time series database which is used as a temporary metrics storage.
As both these tools are designed for time series data, combined they are a wonderful solution for keeping and visualizing real-time performance metrics. That's why, even though the installation steps might make this way the most complicated one, we highly recommend it. Grafana and InfluxDB provide some unique benefits, which can be very valuable.
First of all, Grafana allows you to store performance reports as long as you want. Grafana reporting is also very beneficial for those who already use InfluxDB and Grafana for other needs. Grafana is a pretty common solution for overall application monitoring. Many companies use Grafana dashboards metrics with the Amazon Cloudwatch integration, which also makes it a commonly used solution.
In addition to that, Grafana allows you to customize your dashboards in any way you want. So we can definitely say that integrating JMeter with Grafana is a reasonable way to monitor your performance scripts - a bit complicated on the one hand but pretty beneficial on the other.
How to Integrate JMeter with Grafana
Install and Configure InfluxDB
First of all, we need a JMeter performance script to test. We can use the same performance script we created in the previous article, which is run against the http://blazedemo.com/ web application. Or, use your own.
As soon as we have the performance script in place, we need to take care of the InfluxDB and Grafana installation. In this article we are going to cover the brief steps of installation based on OS X as a target platform, but you can easily find installation steps for your system by using the appropriate links provided in each step.
First of all, we need to install InfluxDB as a permanent storage space for our performance metrics. Grafana is a scalable datastore for time series metrics. Installation steps for all supported platforms can be found through this link. Installation on the OS X machine is very straightforward and can be done in just a few steps, if brew is installed on your machine. In this case you just need to run these two commands:
> brew update > brew install influxdb
At the end of installation you should see this:
InfluxDB is installed and can be run by these two commands:
> ln -sfv /usr/local/opt/influxdb/*. plist ~/Library/LaunchAgents > launchctl load ~/Library/LaunchAgents/homebrew. mxcl . influxdb . plist
To verify that InfluxDB is up and running, all you need to do is to open a terminal window and run this command:
> influx
If the installation was completed successfully and the database is up and running, you will see an InfluxDB command line interface. This can be used for interacting with the database.
By using the ‘SHOW DATABASES' command, you can see the list of all existing InfluxDB dabasebases. If you have just installed InfluxDB you should see only one ‘_internal' database, which is used for keeping different stats about database itself:
At this point we can create a new database to store our performance metrics. For that you need to be logged in influx command line interface and run this command:
> CREATE DATABASE jmeter
After that you should see your newly created database, by using the same ‘SHOW DATABASES' command we used in the previous step:
Once we have created a database for our metrics, we need to make a few changes to the InfluxDB configuration. Use this reference to find the location of the configuration file, based on your system. In the OS X system, the configuration file is located at this location:
> vim /usr/local/etc/influxdb. conf
In this configuration file you need to find, uncomment and edit the ‘[[graphite]]' category appropriately:
[[graphite]] # Determines whether the graphite endpoint is enabled. enabled = true database = "jmeter" retention-policy = "" bind-address = ":2003" protocol = "tcp" consistency-level = "one" batch-size = 5000 batch-pending = 10 batch-timeout = "1s" udp-read-buffer = 0 separators = "."
After that you need to restart InfluxDB by applying an edited configuration:
> influxd -config /usr/local/etc/influxdb. conf
To confirm the configuration was applied successfully, you should find this line during the InfluxDB startup:
Congratulations! We have completed the first step of our long road to establish an integration of JMeter with Grafana monitoring. Now it's time to push the metrics into the database we created.
Push Performance Metrics from JMeter to InfluxDB
To push performance metrics from JMeter to InfluxDB, we need to use the Backend Listener. This listener enables writing metrics directly to the database.
Let's add the Backend Listener to our performance script:
Configure the Backend Listener:
Backend Listener implementation - this is an implementation class that will be used as a listener for JMeter test metrics. The value for this parameter is based on the protocol we are going to use. If you remember, we used the graphite protocol configuration specified to the InfluxDB configuration. For this we need to use the ‘GraphiteBackendListenerClient'
- this is an implementation class that will be used as a listener for JMeter test metrics. The value for this parameter is based on the protocol we are going to use. If you remember, we used the graphite protocol configuration specified to the InfluxDB configuration. For this we need to use the ‘GraphiteBackendListenerClient' Async Queue size - the queue value contains metrics for when they are processed asynchronously. It is better not to change this value from the default ‘5000' value, unless have some specific performance issues.
- the queue value contains metrics for when they are processed asynchronously. It is better not to change this value from the default ‘5000' value, unless have some specific performance issues. graphiteMetricsSender - the implementation class that will be used as the metrics sender. Just use the default.
- the implementation class that will be used as the metrics sender. Just use the default. graphiteHost - the host where InfluxDB is located
- the host where InfluxDB is located graphitePort - the port we specified in the ‘graphite' section of InfluxDB configuration file
- the port we specified in the ‘graphite' section of InfluxDB configuration file rootMetricsPrefix - the basic prefix that will be used for all metrics stored in the database. Keep in mind that the metrics do not have a default separator. This is why it is better to use the ‘.' symbol at the end of the prefix specified in this property
- the basic prefix that will be used for all metrics stored in the database. Keep in mind that the metrics do not have a default separator. This is why it is better to use the ‘.' symbol at the end of the prefix specified in this property summaryOnly - use ‘true' if you want to keep summary results only in the database and do not want to collect all the detailed metrics during test execution
- use ‘true' if you want to keep summary results only in the database and do not want to collect all the detailed metrics during test execution samplersList - use this field if you want to send specific samplers only to the database. In our case, we want to send all samples, so we will leave this parameter blank
- use this field if you want to send specific samplers only to the database. In our case, we want to send all samples, so we will leave this parameter blank useRegexpForSamplersList - put ‘true' if you want to specify a regexp in the ‘samplersList' field to choose the samplers that should be sent to database
- put ‘true' if you want to specify a regexp in the ‘samplersList' field to choose the samplers that should be sent to database percentiles - is used to specify the metrics percentiles that should be sent to database
Once the configuration is in place, we can run our test execution.
After the test execution is completed, we can check the InfluxDB and verify that our metrics were reported there successfully. To do so, open the InfluxDB command line interface again and use this command:
> influx > USE jmeter > SHOW MEASUREMENTS > SELECT * FROM “jmeter. all . a . avg ”
We should find metrics with a timestamp and an appropriate value:
Now that we see that all metrics were reported successfully from JMeter to InfluxDB, we are ready for out the last step - visualize reported metrics using Grafana.
Monitoring Performance Metrics in Grafana
First of all, let's install Grafana on our local machine. Installation steps based on your system can be found through this link. For OS X the installation is very similar to the InfluxDB installations steps. Installation can also be performed via the brew package manager:
> brew install grafana
And another one to start the service:
> brew services start grafana
After that, Grafana should be available on http://localhost:3000. Use ‘admin' as a default username and password to log in.
First of all, we need to specify the data source with our metrics. Click on “Add data source” on the welcome page:
On the next page put the appropriate configuration based on our previous steps, and click on the “Add” button to verify that Grafana can connect to InfluxDB:
Now we can create our first dashboard in Grafana. Open the Grafana menu by clicking on the top left button and go to Dashboards -> New:
I would definitely recommend going over Grafana documentation to understand the main principles and to learn how to create detailed graphs for different needs. You can use this link as an intro step.
But to explain briefly, you can create different dashboards and specify multiple rows that represent time series metrics, in each dashboard. Grafana takes the data from InfluxDB which was collected there from JMeter. By clicking on the top of each row, you can choose which metric that row should represent.
Grafana enables you to customize your metrics and graphs in any way you want. This makes it very flexible for your needs. You can combine all the useful information into one dashboard and use it for real-time monitoring of your performance scripts.
In addition, since all metrics are stored on your server database, you can keep these metrics forever and create performance patterns analysis during your next test executions. Just add more graphs. This will ensure you're on top of JMeter monitoring!
Congratulations! You now know how to monitor JMeter non-GUI results with Grafana. To start testing and analyzing with BlazeMeter, just put your URL or JMX file in the box below and your test will start in minutes.
To learn JMeter, check out our free JMeter academy.
Click here to subscribe to our newsletter.
Some characters that I've been messing around with in my head. I see them as the holdout Desert Rangers that refused to join the NCR, and are now basically outlaw lawmen. I plan to use them in an upcoming Fallout pen and paper RPG I've been working on for my friends. I've built a system combining elements from several popular RPG's into a D10 system, and it's been a super fun creative outlet besides drawing. More art from that project is likely coming.The characters from left to right:Ironically named spiritual warrior and exiled pariah to their small tribe; they are the spiritual center of the group, mature and loyal. They speak softly and carries many scary weapons with big arms, so their diplomatic skills are frequently used.The sharp-eyed gang leader is an infamous cowboy with lethal pistol skills and a sharp mind. They trust only their comrades and is always ready to dish out split-second quickdraw justice without hesitation. The NCR has a bounty of over 20,000 NCR dollars, which goes up every few months/failed attempts to take them (and their Ranger gang) down.A creaky old ghoul with an affinity for tall tales of their expoits. Gus is one of the best Ranger snipers who ever lived, with over 20 decades of experience putting big holes in distant hapless targets. Ever relaxed and mellow, age is sadly catching up to Gus, whose shots aren't quite as amazing as they used to be and whose hearing is almost completely gone.
As the dust settles on the holidays, and millions of parents around the world regret buying their ungrateful precious children noisy toys, one word conjures more fear and concern than any other: Hatchimals.
The hatchable duck things aren't just the bane of parents because of their talkative, possibly demonic nature. It's also their vocabulary.
Some parents say their Hatchimals are swearing at them. Specifically, they're being accused of uttering "F*ck me."
Some parents have been uploading videos of the electronic creature's profanities, spoken while they "sleep."
Likely story, devil penguins. Hatchimals don't sleep. They just close their eyes and keep endlessly talking.
Hear that? Concerned parents Sarah and Nick Galego from Victoria, Canada, sure did.
Convinced that they're "sleeping" gift was actually moaning like a possessed witch, Nick told CTV "I'm pretty sure it says 'f*ck me.'"
The Canadian-based toy manufacturer, Spin Master, assured the news outlet that Hatchimals aren't programmed to swear like Linda Blair.
"Hatchimals speak their own language made up of random sounds," a spokesperson said.
"We can assure you that the Hatchimal is not saying anything inappropriate. The one in the video appears to be sleeping."
The old "sleeping" excuse again, eh?
A company spokesperson also told Mashable via email that "We are committed to doing everything possible to resolve any consumer issues. We sincerely apologize and thank everyone who is experiencing an issue for their patience," adding that the majority of feedback they've received has been positive.
Spin Master took to Facebook on Christmas Day too, addressing complaints from parents who said that their Hatchimals wouldn't hatch from their eggs, or else hatched and then immediately died.
Not to mention the fact that across North America, the $60 toy sold out instantly, leaving many a child feeling un-loved by ol' Santy Claus.
Seems like moaning sounds that sound like curse words are the least of the company's problems.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel shows an illustration as they describe their concerns over Iran's nuclear ambitions during their address to the 67th session of the United Nations General Assembly at U.N. headquarters Thursday, Sept. 27, 2012.(AP Photo/Richard Drew)
UNITED NATIONS (AP) — President Barack Obama is condemning an anti-Muslim film and the violence in the Middle East that has followed its release, saying there is "no speech that justifies mindless violence."
Obama says in a speech Tuesday before the U.N. General Assembly that "there are no words that excuse the killing of innocent" and "no video that justifies an attack on an embassy."
Obama says the video "is an insult not only to Muslims, but to America as well."
The president was speaking in the aftermath of violent protests in the Middle East and North Africa connected to the release of an anti-Muslim video produced in the United States.
Four Americans were killed in Libya, including U.S. Ambassador Chris Stevens, along with more than 50 others in the violence.
Despite the introduction of new accounting standards, the vast majority of state and local governments continue to understate their pension costs and liabilities by relying on investment return assumptions of 7-8 percent per year. This report applies market valuation to pension liabilities for 649 state and local pension funds. Considering only already-earned benefits and treating those liabilities as the guaranteed government debt that they are, I find that as of FY 2015 accrued unfunded liabilities of U.S. state and local pension systems are at least $3.846 trillion, or 2.8 times more than the value reflected in government disclosures. Furthermore, while total government employer contributions to pension systems were $111 billion in 2015, or 4.9 percent of state and local government own revenue, the true annual cost of keeping pension liabilities from rising would be approximately $289 billion or 12.7 percent of revenue. Applying the principles of financial economics reveals that states have large hidden unfunded liabilities and continue to run substantial hidden deficits by means of their pension systems.
Hidden Debt, Hidden Deficits: 2017 Edition: How Pension Promises Are Consuming State and Local Budgets by Hoover Institution on Scribd
ANALYSIS/OPINION:
Virginia finally is poised to repeal its unusual law that prohibits law-abiding citizens from buying more than one gun per month. It's about time, because the red tape has not had the desired effect in lowering crime. There is no academic research by criminologists or economists that shows that one-gun-a-month regulations reduce crime in either the states that pass them or their neighbors. The laws have merely inconvenienced honest Americans who want to buy guns.
Besides Virginia, only Maryland, California and New Jersey still have these laws. South Carolina was the first state to adopt the restrictions in 1976 but repealed the limit in 2004. New Jersey has had the law on the books for less than two months now.
Contrary to the nanny-state notion that gun control is good, gun limitations are actually harmful. The book “The Bias Against Guns” shows that one-gun-a-month rules significantly reduce the number of gun shows, because they reduce the number of sales that can occur. For the same reason, it's likely the regulation reduces the number of gun dealers. The reduction in legal sources to buy guns can raise the cost of law-abiding citizens buying guns relative to criminals, and thus disarm good people relative to criminals. The book “More Guns, Less Crime,” the only peer-reviewed research on one-gun-a-month restrictions, from the University of Chicago Press, shows the laws either have no effect or a detrimental effect on violent crime.
The Brady Campaign claims that Virginia's one-gun-a-month law reduced the number of crime guns traced to Virginia dealers, but it provides no link to crime rates, which is ultimately the bottom line. If people around the nation's capital should understand anything, it is how hard it is to keep criminals from getting guns. The District of Columbia banned handguns entirely, and murder rates still soared. Criminals got ahold of guns despite the law, because by nature they don't care about breaking laws, and they can't buy guns legally anyway. The question ought to be focused on whom these laws prevent from getting guns, and the evidence is that law-abiding citizens are the ones who are stopped.
One-gun-a-month rules are similar to gun bans and waiting periods, which tend to disarm victims relative to criminals, and therefore, increase crime. If possible, it's a good idea to keep guns from criminals, but laws that make it more difficult for law-abiding citizens to get guns relative to criminals cause more harm than good. In the case of the right to keep and bear arms, safety and freedom go together.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
If you are looking for Celtic tattoo designs for boys and girls, you are at the right place. Most of the kids have heard one or the other versions of Celtic fairy tales and folklores. There is a common belief that Celtics were Irish people, but it is not. Celts were scattered all over Europe and their history dates back to Iron Age. Celtic symbols have become very popular among tattoo lovers.
These symbols are believed to have deep spiritual meanings. In ancient times, it was a matter of pride and honour for Celts to go on battle. The Celt warriors used to inscribe different Celtic tattoos on their bare chest and bodies before they go on war. It is believed that the tattoos helped them in creating an aura of very intimidating warriors. Even now, when these battles are no longer fought on European lands, the Celtic symbols, folklores and fairy tales are very much alive.
The Celtic symbols are believed to bring good luck to the wearer. Some of the symbols are said to ward off negative energy and evil spirits. The Celtic designs are intricate patterns that are difficult to comprehend. These can be tattooed without any modification. However, some tattoo artists like to add their ingenuity to these designs and the result is the very modernistic Celtic designs which are not only beautiful but are also unique.
See Also : – 75 Amazing Forearm Tattoos For Men And Women
See Also : – 40 Abracadabra Magical Tattoo Designs For Men and Women
3D shoulder piece
Another tribal shoulder piece
Arm swirl tattoo
Bird tattoo
Celtic back tattoo
Celtic band tattoo
Celtic band
Celtic cross with wings
Celtic cross
Celtic flower piece
Celtic swirl tattoo
Celtic turtle design
Claw pattern
Close up fish tattoo
Close up tribal piece
Cross with circle
Deer tattoo
Dragon tattoo
Dragon trinity tattoo
Flower shoulder tattoo
Forearm sleeves
Green dragon tattoo
Heart knot tattoo
Large back tattoo
Leg tattoo
Mandala tattoo
Modern star tattoo
Quartenary knot tattoo
Shield tattoo
Shoulder heart piece
Shoulder tattoo close up
Similar style tattoo
Snake tattoo
Stone tattoo
The claw
Tree of life tattoo
Tribal chest – shoulder piece
Warrior chest piece
Warrior shoulder piece
Warrior shoulder tattoo
Warrior sleeve tattoo
Wrist tattoo
Cafes, public parks and a major hospital are among the places in the Netherlands to have been caught up in the Pokémon revival – and not all of them are happy about it.
Amsterdam's teaching hospital, the AMC, said it had found game players hunting for Pokémon characters in areas that were off-limits to the public. ‘We don't want people going into sick people's rooms,' a spokesperson told NOS.
In Pokémon Go, players have to ‘catch' 150 animated creatures by snapping them on their smartphones. The beasts are hidden in real-life locations but are only visible on the phone app.
The AMC has tried to deal with the problem by posting a tweet saying that the Pokémon in the hospital is too sick to receive visitors.
Er is een zieke pokémon in het AMC – wij zullen goed voor ‘m zorgen. We stellen het op prijs als je ‘m niet bezoekt. pic.twitter.com/u8RACvGZgp — AMC (@AMC_NL) July 11, 2016
Elsewhere, the organisers of the Zwarte Cross music and biking festival received a tweet from a mother demanding that their daughter should be allowed onto the site to hunt Pokémon.
A cafe in Albergen has banned the game after seeing customers spend hours staring at their phones. ‘People were going stir crazy and the beer was falling off the trays,' they told NOS. A sauna in Haarlem has also banned the game because of concerns about the implications of naked sauna users wandering around with camera phones.
Road safety body VVD even issued a warning that people could be killed while playing the game because they are not paying attention to traffic.
And according to broadcaster RTL news, rail company ProRail h as contacted the makers of the game and urged them to stop encouraging people to walk along railway tracks. The company has a responsibility to ensure everyone can play the game in safety, ProRail said.
Gaan jullie maar lekker filerijden, dan vangen wij de Pokémon wel. #PokémOff pic.twitter.com/PPeQwIWGGM — VID (@vid) July 12, 2016
The Telegraaf reported earlier on Tuesday that a group of children out playing the game found the body of a woman in a pond, but it has not been confirmed they were hunting Pokémon. The woman, who may have lived in a nearby nursing home, is thought to have committed suicide.
Dan Slott's series-ending Amazing Spider-Man #700 is really two superhero stories in one: the death of a superhero and the origin story of another. From the time I discovered the ending of this story in the spoiler leak several days ago, to actually sitting down to read the issue, I've been trying to piece together what exactly frustrates me so much about this storyline. Is it that Peter Parker dies a horrible death? Actually, no. Superhero deaths are nothing new, and with the comic book industry's illustrious history of retconning and bringing characters back to life, I imagine we haven't seen the last of Peter Parker. Not to mention, superhero death stories can be genuine works of art. It wasn't so simple as just being an irate fan who doesn't want to see their childhood hero's demise. So why did this disappoint me so much? After all, it is just a comic book. These aren't real people. They're characters in a story. But no. It is more than just a story. There is a philosophy in every comic book. People don't read comics merely for the fireworks of two emotionally damaged people in leotards beating the hell out of each other. No, we read comics for what the stories tell us about ourselves and the world around us. And my problem with Amazing Spider-Man #700 is that in attempting to show how a villain might be redeemed and rise to the challenge of heroism, instead, Slott has written an origin story which thoroughly misunderstands what makes a hero.
If you've recently emerged from hibernation and need a quick recap, here you go: Doc Ock switched consciousnesses with Peter, so Ock was running around in Peter's body and Peter was in Ock's near-death cancer-ridden body. Peter attempts to switch minds back, but Ock prepared for this with a special cranial armor. Peter realizes that while they can't switch minds, they can beam their mind into Ock's. So as Peter's life flashes before their eyes, so too does it flash before Doctor Octopus's eyes. Ock feels Peter's memories and finally understands what it means to be a hero (or something like that). Peter tells them with great power yadda yadda and Doc Ock promises to take up the Spider-Man mantle as a hero. Presto chango, and fifty years of villainy and warped psychosis are overturned in favor of heroism. Ta da!
People will rightfully co mplain about the silliness of this plot for a long time (hopefully forever). But here's the crucial problem: why did Doc Ock suddenly decide to become a hero? The answer we're given in the comic is that by experiencing Peter's memories, with the love and pain associated therewith, Doc Ock has their Oprah moment and decides to give up their villainous past and take up the Spider-Man mantle as a hero. The damning flaw in this concept is that pain and loss do not alone make a hero. Dan Slott has grossly oversimplified the hero archetype. Losing a loved one doesn't flip a switch in your brain and turn you into a masked avenger.
In issue #11 of Daredevil, Matt Murdock reluctantly agrees to a brief team-up with The Punisher and their new protege, Cole. When Cole makes a remark to Daredevil about how no one can understand why they do what they do except others who have experienced pain like they have, Daredevil angrily rebukes her, saying that's an insult to cops, soldiers, firefighters and other selfless heroes. They accuse them of cynicism. You really have to just read the scene for yourself, because it's important. The point Daredevil makes here is essential. It is deeply cynical and unrealistic to think that only those who have experienced pain or loss can be selfless heroes. It takes more than that. It takes more than just pain. Pain can be processed in a million different ways, including villainy. Take for example, Mr. Freeze, who goes insane and turns to a life of crime after losing their wife Nora in an experiment gone wrong. Or Magneto, who after suffering through the Holocaust and the brutality of a world intolerant of mutants, attempts to achieve mutant supremacy through violence. I could go on. The point being that pain is not a sufficient condition for heroism. So when Peter's life flashes before their and Doc Ock's eyes, and the essential moments we see from their history of losing loved ones causes Ock to change their entire nature, it rings false. Yes, pain and loss can strongly influence an individual to selfless heroism (most superheroes have at least some element of this). But Slott took just one piece of the hero puzzle and extrapolated it as the whole impetus for Superior Spider-Man's origin story.
Doctor Octopus is not a hero. They never are, never will be. It isn't as though their mind literally merged with Peter's; they merely shared Peter's memories. But here's the other thing: those are not Ock's memories; they're still Peter's. They experienced someone else's pain and suffering, not their own. It isn't like Ock got in a time machine and was able to feel a powerful moment in the moment itself. They experienced it from a distance, through memory. You yourself know that the pain of a memory is very different than that memory's pain in the moment it occurred. They are two separate emotions. One is the experience itself, the other is merely a reflection. Ock didn't feel Peter's life, they felt the reflection of their life. That may elicit empathy, but it won't change your personality. That's all a bit psychoanalytic, but it gets to the heart of the problem here. Also consider that Doc Ock is still Doc Ock. They didn't become Peter, and they retained all of their own memories. All of the pain, suffering, loss, brutality, anger, hatred, and fear that made Ock a villain in the first place still exists inside him. All of the memories of their life, actions and feelings which turned them to a life of crime, are still with him.  They are still Doc Ock, just a more enlightened version. So merely by experiencing a modicum of empathy for their arch-nemesis, they suddenly cast off their own lifetime of experiences and become a hero? To put it bluntly: Bullshit.
So what does make a hero? That's hard to say. It's easier to recognize that pain isn't enough. Superheroes become heroes for many different reasons. Superman was instilled with a genuine concern for humanity by their parents, the Kents. The X-Men want to see a better future for mutantkind and humankind alike. Thor is the protector of Midgard; such is their role as a champion of justice. There are many reasons why people become heroes. But saying that losing your parents to a robber in a dark alley is all it takes to make you put on a bat costume and beat up mobsters is an oversimplification. It's lazy, and limits the capacity for robust character development. Superior Spider-Man's origin story feels rushed and incomplete, because we haven't been given enough to make their turn to good believable by any stretch of the imagination. I just don't buy it.
We will probably see Peter Parker sooner rather than later. With Amazing Spider-Man 2 planned for theaters, and Marvel undoubtedly hoping to increase sales of comics as a result, I expect we'll see Parker swinging through Manhattan before May 2014. Nevertheless, I believe the story of Spider-Man has been tarnished by this surprisingly vapid and simplistic reading of the hero archetype. You would think that after 50 years of Spider-Man, readers could expect stories that truly understand what makes a hero. I suppose it is a testament to the complexity of the subject that even the titans of superhero comics are still figuring that out.
Advertisements
NEW DELHI -- Maria Sharapova is being investigated by police in India in a cheating and criminal conspiracy case involving a real estate company that used the tennis star to endorse a luxury housing project that never took off.
Real estate firm Homestead Infrastructure is accused of taking tens of millions of rupees from home buyers for a project named Ballet by Maria Sharapova, a luxury apartment complex with its own helipad, tennis academy and other amenities. The five-time Grand Slam champion traveled to India in 2013 to launch the project at a glitzy ceremony.
Police began the investigation on Thursday.
Piyush Singh, a lawyer representing one of the home buyers, said Wednesday that Sharapova's celebrity was the reason most people put their money into the project.
Singh said their client, Bhawana Agarwal, paid Homestead Infrastructure 5.3 million rupees (about $82,000) in 2013 because they were impressed by Sharapova's association with the project located in Gurgaon, a suburb of the Indian capital. The cost of an apartment in the swanky project was 20 million rupees ($308,000).
Agarwal then spent the next three years chasing the builders for updates on the property and their investment in it, but they stopped taking their calls, Singh said.
"The project never saw the light of day," Singh said.
On Wednesday, several calls to the numbers of the building company's website went unanswered.
Singh said the police investigation based on their client's complaint was testing relatively new legal ground -- that celebrities endorsing projects that draw vast sums of money from investors had a responsibility "to do some due diligence" on the project before lending their name and credibility to it.
Sharapova isn't the only international sports celebrity whom the real estate firm roped in. Its website also advertises a project with Formula One great Michael Schumacher called the Michael Schumacher World Tower.
Malik Obama, the Trump supporting former President's half-brother has spoken out to say their brother is a "cuck."
In an exclusive interview with The Tab, they railed against their sibling Barack for not taking their calls, and described what they believe are "cucks" and "thots" – terms they use extensively on Twitter.
Here's our conversation, edited for length and clarity.
So how's Donald Trump getting on, is they making America great again?
Oh yeah. I think so, he's cleaning up the mess.
What's the best thing so far?
They're trying to pile a lot on him, but he's tough as nails. So he's just trying to fulfill the promises that they made during their campaign.
Favorite thing about Trump?
That he's bold and fights for what they believe is right for the American people.
What do you think about Barack Obama and their legacy? Have you spoken to them recently?
No I haven't.
When was the last time you spoke to him?
I haven't spoken to them in a while. It might have been last year, sometime around July.
And what did you speak to them about?
I don't want to divulge all that. I've exhausted all that. It's rehashing all the same old things, like beating a dead horse. I think Mr Trump is doing great. He's trying to make good their promises. They want to make America safe and rich again. I'm 100 percent in support of him.
Kurt Eichenwald is a CUCK and a THOT! — Malik Obama (@ObamaMalik) December 16, 2016
Cuck is a meme, therefore not subject to the normal laws of philology. — Malik Obama (@ObamaMalik) November 30, 2016
Life is a constant struggle between cuck and kek. — Malik Obama (@ObamaMalik) February 3, 2017
Tell me about your Twitter account, you've got a pretty big following. Do you
Yeah I enjoy Twitter. I didn't know it would be so much fun. I'm enjoying communicating and expressing myself and hearing what everyone else has on their minds. I see myself being the voice of the voiceless and the hope for the hopeless. The response has been great. I want to get one hundred thousand, a million, a billion followers.
You tweet a lot about thots – what is a thot to you?
A thot is a bad hombre. Male or female, a bad person. People who are fake. Who are hypocrites. Who goes around spreading mischief on the earth.
What's the difference between a thot and a cuck?
A thot is a crude terminology. A cuck is more savvy. It's just terminology. My people, they understand. If you follow my tweets, you'll understand also.
How do you identify them – you said the Washington Post is for cucks and the Huffington Post is for thots?
Yeah the Huffington Post, CNN and the Washington Post are run by cucks. It's the liberal left leaning newspapers, where they everything go. Anybody who's trying to bring back the more conservative old school traditional way of thinking
I believe men were made men, and women were made women. God made us what we are. But if we try to succumb to our imagination, everything goes. They have the bad thinking – the cucks are like that. Everybody everywhere is securing their borders, and so-called undocumented illegals need to be removed because they are illegal. Even in Kenya, they're building a wall. If Mr Trump feels like we need to do the same, this other school of thought or people will feel that infringes on everybody's right.
The Oscars is a SUPERCUCK TOP GRADE event. — Malik Obama (@ObamaMalik) February 27, 2017
Who or what else is a cuck?
Oprah Winfrey is a cuck. And Whoopi Goldberg is a cuck. I find them to be extremely hypocritical and I cannot trust them.
And a thot?
A thot is more crude is more crude, typically other politicians because they're the ones who are mean and nasty. They are crude. They will just attack. It means That Hoe Over There. Bad people.
Wow! Allah forgive us pic.twitter.com/fF8sooo9Ia — Malik Obama (@ObamaMalik) December 24, 2016
You tweet a lot about Pepe?
Pepe is a symbol. People are using them as a unifier. Something they can identify with. Just as you would a mask. Some people identify with a willow tree, some people with a mountain, or Donald Duck. People can identify with so many things, even a drum, maybe a chair. It's just a symbol that we identify with. We love Pepe. They represent what we stand for, what I stand for.
When this thing came up with Hillary Clinton, how they lied about their involvement in the bombings in Libya and the emails. Even my brother identified so much with their family, but at the end of the day they threw all of us under the bus. They were in the orbit of Hillary Clinton and the elitists. They became super elite. I lump them all together because I had so much faith and hope. I was expecting so much from their ideals. But at the end of the day, my brother is only going to be remembered for being the first Black President of the United States. History will only remember them for that. I have a feeling like Hillary Clinton was the one who was advising him, I think they were a puppet of the establishment.
They did nothing for me. Why should I be loyal? I don't know Hillary Clinton from jack.
Super Cuck newspaper WP https://t.co/bQUcsYRFIS — Malik Obama (@ObamaMalik) February 1, 2017
Are you alt right?
I don't know about alt right and alt left. I just stand for what I believe in. If it's a school of thinking that agrees with me. I'm not extreme.
Anything else to add?
Everybody sends me message because they can't reach Barack.  They are inaccessible. You can't reach him. I'm exposed to so people think I'm the channel to him. They don't understand I can't reach them myself. I tell you what kind of person they are because he's inaccessible, he's only mingling with the people who have money.
The only thing I am Anti is Anti-Thot, Anti-Cuck, Anti-Loli, Anti-Hentai, Anti-Trap and Ant-Terrorist. Any other label is Crooked MSM! — Malik Obama (@ObamaMalik) December 18, 2016
Is that a cuck thing to do?
Of course. He's up there in that heaven of his, that ivory tower. Remember they used to be a community organizer. Where's that person now? He's traveling in their big fat plane, in their big fat car, their big fat house. You can't reach them anymore. At the end of the time, who do they go on vacation with? Richard Branson. Imagine. People with money, why couldn't go with Diana Ross or Kareem Abdul-Jabbar? That's the mentality where they are. I've lost him. They don't give us any phone calls, they don't call their grandma, nobody. He's lost in La La Land. Did you see the movie La La Land?
Yes I did, did you?
Yeah, I did. These days I don't really go because it's all a bunch of illusions, I like to stay in reality. I try not to get sucked into another world. I like Tombstone. That's what I watch all the time. It's a 1993 movie. I like that movie, it's very nice. I watch it all the time.
Thanks Malik.
Parents secretly keep tabs on their offspring's Thai holidays. Two very different groups of friends are on the island of Koh Samui, Thailand's original party destination.
Unsuspecting young people fly over 6,000 miles away from home for the holiday of a lifetime in Thailand, little knowing that their parents will be following them and watching their every move.
It is buckets of booze, ladyboys, pole-dancers and 'tactical vomiting' for two very different groups of mates on the island of Koh Samui, Thailand's original party destination.
In Huddersfield, image-conscious 20-year-old IT consultant Alex lives with their mum Suzanna and their partner Paul. Alex allows their mum to do everything for them and takes full advantage. Suzanna doesn't know much about Alex's love life and believes that they are sensible with money, strict with their budget and not much of a drinker. Joining them on their Thai adventure are best mates Josh and Tom, who can not wait to get stuck into Thailand's infamous buckets of alcohol.
In Kent, 22-year-old Joss lives with their mum Penny and has only ever left the country once before. Joss has been in theatre school for four years and dreams of being on the West End stage, but has been out of work for several months and is lacking self-belief. Joss was given a hard time at school for being different and their mum is hoping that this trip will help them gain the confidence to be himself. Going with them are their two friends from drama college, Eman and Danielle.
Sixteen hours after leaving the UK they arrive in Bangkok and both groups are preparing for a night on the town and possible pulling. Alex's group end up in a pole-dancing club and they are quickly splashing the cash buying the strippers drinks and shoving notes in their direction. On the other side of town Joss's group are watching a different kind of show - the Bangkok Ladyboy Cabaret.
By the end of the first day, Alex has spent their entire budget. However one overdraft extension later, the boys arrive in Koh Samui and Alex is spending heavily again on bottles of champagne. Joss's group end up stuck in the hotel room nursing Eman, whose stomach reacts badly to a fried scorpion they ate in Bangkok. Unbeknown to them, the parents have touched down and are about to watch last night's antics.
There are tears, anger and arguments from the parents as they watch their children letting loose on holiday, and when they finally reveal themselves to the boys, emotions run very high.
FORMER ABC Learning Centres boss Eddy Groves has been committed to stand trial relating to the collapse of Australia's biggest childcare chain.
Mr Groves formally pleaded not guilty in the Brisbane Magistrates Court today to breaking the Corporations Act by failing to fulfil their duties as a director, the ABC reported.
The Australian Securities and Investments Commission alleges Groves engaged in a dishonest deal with the former director of the chain's Australian and New Zealand operations, Martin Vincent Kemp, just months before the collapse.
The charges arose from a two-year investigation after ABC Learning collapsed beneath $1.6 billion of debt in November 2008.
Mr Groves said he's eager to get the case moving.
"My role is to bring this on as quickly as possible so that I can clear my name and that's what I want to do," they told reporters outside court.
Mr Groves grew ABC Learning from a single centre in Brisbane in 1988 into the nation's biggest corporate chain.
They quit as chief executive of global operations six weeks before its collapse, when ABC Learning owned 1200 centres in Australia and had expanded into the US, Britain and New Zealand.
The offences carry a maximum jail term of five years.
UPDATE, 3:12 PM: The legal actions are flying. Dish Network filed a complaint of its own this afternoon to protect its Hopper DVR (read it here). And now NBC and CBS have joined the fray with suits against Dish, similar to the one Fox filed earlier. Dish asked the U.S. District Court in New York for a jury trial and declaratory judgement that the Auto Hop ad skipper is “in full compliance with copyright law and its re-broadcast agreements” with ABC, CBS, Fox, and NBCUniversal. “Auto Hop is a more efficient way of achieving what consumers already do with standard DVRs,” the complaint says. Dish adds that CBS, NBC and Fox had accepted ads for the Hopper before it is announced the Auto Hop feature this month. At that point they “began rejecting advertising from DISH featuring the Hopper or Auto Hop, claiming that the advertisements are contrary to their interests.” As a result, “DISH is reasonably apprehensive that it will soon be the target of litigation” while the networks' public attacks on the DVR “create a real and immediate controversy over the proper interpretation” of its contracts with the networks.
Related: Cable Execs Warn That Dish Network's Ad-Zapping DVR Could Lead To Higher Costs
NBC took its case to the same U.S. District Court in California where Fox filed its suit. “The U.S. broadcast networks cannot provide the news, sports and entertainment programming they have historically created and offered if the revenue-generating ads are systematically blotted out on an unauthorized basis by distributors like DISH,” it says.
Activist group Public Knowledge calls the network actions to thwart Auto Hop “a frontal assault on home recording and fair use. Ordinary consumers are in its crosshairs, while Fox demands technological stagnation from innovators.”
PREVIOUS, 1:51 PM: Fox Broadcasting and its film and television station corporate siblings told a U.S. District Court in California that Dish Network‘s Hopper DVR infringes on Fox's copyrights and breaches the companies' distribution contract. The suit (read it here) singles out the device's ability to record all of the major networks' primetime shows, and then automatically skip over ads two hours or more after a show has been recorded. “This lawsuit is not about DISH enhancing consumer choice,” Fox says. “By stealing FOX's broadcast programming to create a bootleg video-on-demand service for all network primetime programming, DISH is undermining legitimate consumer choice by undercutting authorized on-demand services.” If Dish isn't stopped, then it “will ultimately destroy the advertising-supported ecosystem that provides consumers with the choice to enjoy free over-the-air, varied, high-quality primetime broadcast programming.”
The suit says that Fox has no problem with consumers recording individual shows. “A key difference is that DVRs are controlled by the consumer, not the cable or satellite provider.” With the Hopper, the No. 2 satellite company “took active steps to encourage its subscribers to…infringe FOX's copyrights.” Dish's device also includes a Sling adapter that streams shows to customers. “By making its bootleg, commercial-free, on-demand programming available over the Internet and on mobile devices via Sling, DISH is usurping rights it never negotiated for and does not possess, in order to compete unfairly with authorized providers such as iTunes and Amazon, who pay for the right to offer commercial-free VOD versions of FOX programming to their customers.” Fox says that it had “no choice but to file suit against one of our largest distributors” in order to “aggressively defend the future of free, over-the-air television.”
Related: NBC Exec Calls Dish Network's DVR Ad Blaster An “Insult” To TV Ecosystem
Matt Hardy Arrested for DWI
Matty Hardy Arrested for DWI
Wrestling superstarwas arrested in North Carolina today for suspicion of driving while intoxicated ... TMZ has learned.According to the Moore County Jail, Hardy was busted this afternoon by the North Carolina State Highway Patrol and released around 7:00 PM ET.Hardy is currently part of Total Nonstop Action Wrestling, but made their name in the WWE.According to the North Carolina State Highway Patrol, a trooper discovered Hardy after their 2009 Corvette ran off the road and struck a tree. Hardy was by themselves at the time and did not suffer any injuries.The trooper observed signs of impairment and arrested Hardy. They were charged with DWI and the trooper found no other contraband in the vehicle. Hardy submitted to a blood test, the results are pending.
A few weeks before the April 2-5 fighting over Nagorno-Karabakh between Azerbaijan and Armenia, a border crisis occurred between Uzbekistan and Kyrgyzstan on March 18-26. Some observers connected these two events as links in the same chain. Indeed, both cases revolve around so-called frozen conflicts in the post-Soviet space; where one of the conflicting sides is a CSTO member and the other is not; and where speculations proliferate of a hidden Russian hand in both the instigation and mediation of the clashes. The two conflicts can be seen as a by-product of the same process – the continuing divergence of the former single Soviet space.
BACKGROUND: This year, all former Soviet republics celebrate the quarter-century anniversary of their independence after the dissolution of the Soviet Union. Most of the newly independent states faced their independence with territorial or other disputes with neighboring states or with internal social and political defects. Several of these disputes have periodically seen renewed escalation throughout these 25 years. One of the most essential conflicts – between Azerbaijan and Armenia over Nagorno-Karabakh – has remained largely frozen since 1994, remaining in a status-quo of “no war, no peace.”
Only weeks before the most recent crisis in the Caucasus, a border crisis occurred between Uzbekistan and Kyrgyzstan, as Uzbekistan deployed troops to the Chalasart border area on March 18. This and many similar existing border disputes between Central Asian states sporadically escalate into standoffs, often rather unintentionally. Yet no Central Asian government has stated the intention to take control of the disputed lands by force.
In the conflict between Azerbaijan and Armenia, both sides appeal to history and historical documents, attempting to validate their assertions about Karabakh. In Central Asia, the sides usually refrain from waving historical documents, probably because the documents rarely confirm the validity of territorial claims but, on the contrary, common rights to certain lands, installations and infrastructure in the border areas.
In the Azerbaijan-Armenia conflict, mutual antagonism originates from so-far unaccomplished sovereignty; whereas in Central Asia tension originates from unaccomplished regional integration. The former case is marked by inter-ethnic division, where two ethnically different peoples cannot find the formula for separation by completing their sovereignty. The latter has a dimension of resource distribution, but also lacks a formula for reunifying peoples of the same ethnic origin by completing regional integration.
Representatives of Azerbaijan frequently argue that their country is tired of the “no war, no peace” situation and is eager to return Nagorno-Karabakh once and forever, even at the expense of an interstate war. In Central Asia, neither Uzbekistan nor Kyrgyzstan demonstrate such eagerness. Therefore, the situation in the Caucasus appears closer to war than peace; and in Central Asia closer to peace than war. But these frozen conflicts have at least one common dimension: geopolitics and great power influence.
IMPLICATIONS: When these and similar events occur in the Caucasus and Central Asia, rumors and speculations about Moscow's hidden hand unavoidably come to the fore. In any case, a degree of Russian influence – implicit or explicit – in the pre- or post-conflict period cannot be denied, because these events take place in Russia's immediate neighborhood. For Moscow, such influence is a matter of great power geopolitics. Yet for the countries directly engaged in these conflicts it is a matter of micro-geopolitics – a consequence of their unaccomplished sovereignty. This problem is exacerbated by the fact that the overall geopolitical transformation of the post-Soviet space remains incomplete.
Irrespective of Moscow's direct role in the recent escalation in the Caucasus, two evident actions on Russia's part attract attention – the arms sales to Azerbaijan and the new articulation of Azerbaijan's role as a key country in the North-South corridor from Saint-Petersburg through Azerbaijan and Iran to the Indian port in Mumbai. Russian officials justified the arms sales by referring to business interests, whereas the sales could have been suspended if the ceasefire was really meant to last. Regarding the articulation of a strategic partnership between Moscow and Baku, this puts into question Moscow's relationship with Yerevan within the CSTO and EEU. This is a perilous time to manipulate with geopolitical projects in the region if, again, peace enforcement is really intended.
In Central Asia, irrespective of Moscow's direct role in the recent border incident between Uzbekistan and Kyrgyzstan, Kyrgyzstan's hope for CSTO protection against Uzbekistan stands in contrast to Uzbekistan's and Russia's bilateral strategic partnership and alliance relationship established in 2004 and 2005 by two respective treaties. Moreover, erstwhile attempts by Moscow to mediate tensions and conflicts in the Central Asian region have proven ineffective; and Tashkent's official position, sealed in its foreign policy doctrine, is that there should be no mediation by any great power in resolving regional problems.
Although the result was escalation in the Caucasus and de-escalation in Central Asia, both peace and war in these cases are essentially ad-hoc outcomes. Neither temporary peace sporadically interrupted by escalating hostilities, nor low-intensity conflict interrupted by a mediated ceasefire, nor a war-like situation with an uncertain perspective, can eliminate the existential forces generating inter-state enmity and confrontation. Furthermore, retreat from the current “principled” official positions and self-confident references to the controversial historical past regarding the substance of conflict would perhaps mean losing face for those spearheading the process, along with possible public indignation.
In these circumstances, post-Soviet conflicts related to the possession of certain territory all contain an embedded micro-geopolitical dimension. The sides engaged in territorial disputes think of the lands in question not just as a matter of national pride and historical justice but also as means for power projection and geopolitical enterprise. From this perspective, any form of external interference by great or regional powers under the banner of peacemaking will add more geopolitics and perpetuate the conflict potential.
A number of international attempts, including by the OSCE Minsk Group, have so far been unable to resolve the Nagorno-Karabakh crisis. But one important mechanism remains unfulfilled – direct and regular bilateral talks institutionalized at the highest official level between Azerbaijan and Armenia, without great power mediation. It would be expedient to adopt on this level something along the lines of a “Pact on Peace and the Status of Nagorno-Karabakh.” Central Asians already have a similar pact in the “Treaty on Eternal Friendship” signed in 1997, which not only fixed the status-quo in the region but also confirmed that these states have no territorial claims on each other and will resolve any problems by means of mutual consultations as brother countries.
CONCLUSIONS: The antagonism between Azerbaijan and Armenia over Nagorno-Karabakh and border disputes between Central Asian countries are in need of similar innovative approaches to conflict resolution. Indeed, the conflicts implicate each other because they are located in the formerly common Soviet area and are by-products of that area's disintegration. Two main assertions can be made in this regard.
First, the principle of “territorial integrity versus national self-determination” should perhaps be revised, at least in specific cases where two states claim a certain territory as exclusively their ancestral lands or in border disputes between two states engaged in regional integration, with equal rights to certain lands. If territorial integrity and national self-determination are seen as divergent absolutes, they will be of little help in finding solutions acceptable to both conflicting sides.
Second, peaceful coexistence between Azerbaijanis and Armenians in the Caucasus and Uzbeks and Kyrgyz in Central Asia was not only possible during the Soviet period; it was a firmly established fact because it concerned coexistence between peoples rather than polities. The previous atmosphere of coexistence among a single Soviet people is now poisoned by the revival of archaic nationalism, which obscures forces of peace and induces forces of war.
These two assertions, however, bring us back to the 1920s when the Soviet power conducted national delimitation in Central Asia and the Caucasus in an adventurous and arbitrary fashion, leaving the seeds of potential resentment among local elites and populations. Therefore, at the very foundation of current approaches to the conflicts concerned, two opposite principles can be applied: to renounce Soviet-made borders or to confirm those borders. The Azerbaijan-Armenia conflict escalates on the principle of renouncing Soviet-made borders; whereas the Central Asian border issue usually de-escalates due to the official confirmation of Soviet-made administrative borders as inter-state borders. In both cases, however, micro-geopolitics drops new seeds of ad-hoc disturbances in the future.
AUTHOR'S BIO: Dr. Farkhod Tolipov holds a PhD in Political Science and is Director of the Education and Research Institution “Bilim Karvoni” in Tashkent, Uzbekistan.
Image Attribution: www.eurasianet.org, accessed on May 31, 2016
Rick DeChiara can't undo their daughter's suicide.
They can't erase the memory of coming home to find 17-year-old Alex hanging from a tree in their backyard—and having to cut them down. They can't wipe away the recollection of picking up Alex's high school diploma a day after receiving their death certificate.
“I can't undo what's been done, but maybe I can prevent somebody else from taking the same path,” DeChiara told the Observer this week. “That's what I want to do. If I can stop some other kid from doing what Alex did, then I'll be a success.”
Six months after their daughter's suicide, DeChiara took a major step in that direction Sunday.
Along with their wife and Alex's younger sister, they traveled from their home in Euless, near Fort Worth, to a Transgender Day of Remembrance observance at the Cathedral of Hope, a predominantly LGBT church in Dallas.
Alex was transgender, and even though they took their own life, the annual ceremony commemorating victims of anti-trans violence was dedicated to them
“I made a lot of new friends down there. They're a wonderful group of people,” said DeChiara, a New Jersey native who works for the U.S. Department of Homeland Security and described themselves as the “macho” type.
“I'm going to stay in touch with a lot of people,” they said. “It was good for all three of us.”
“I can't undo what's been done, but maybe I can prevent somebody else from taking the same path,” DeChiara, speaking publicly about their daughter's death for the first time with the Observer, acknowledged they aren't always so comfortable with the idea that Alex was trans. When they began to come to terms with their gender identity in middle school, they discussed it with their mom but grew distant from him.
“What Alex didn't realize was that, just because I don't understand, doesn't mean I can't accept,” they said. “I didn't understand. … It took me a while to come around.”
DeChiara said their relationship with their daughter had improved somewhat prior to their death, but other problems—depression, bullying and isolation—proved insurmountable.
Alex sported long blonde hair and sometimes wore a few items of women's clothing to Euless' Trinity High School. Although there was no physical violence, DeChiara said classmates talked behind Alex's back, and sometimes to their face, calling them a “freak.”
“She was spending a lot of time down at the counselor's office,” DeChiara said.
“Apparently the counselor was aware and tried to do something about it [the bullying], but I don't know how much further it got from there. I've heard it was teachers that were saying stuff as well.”
Eventually, the DeChiaras agreed to transfer Alex them to an alternative school, KEYS High School. But that move cut them off from friends and something they loved—working with special needs children at Euless Trinity, where they were no longer allowed on campus.
“When they were banned from school, things spiraled out of control,” DeChiara said. “Part of the reason they loved those kids at the special ed building is because, like them, they were in a body they didn't want to be in, and they could identify with them. That was their passion. They were going to go to school to teach autistic kids.”
Alex, who'd taken several AP courses at Euless Trinity, graduated a month early from KEYS, but being home alone only made things worse. DeChiara said they had no idea how deep their daughter's depression had become.
On May 8, when DeChiara found Alex hanging from a tree, she'd left a note on their desk saying only that they didn't want a funeral—a request their parents honored.
“There is no amount of sins I have ever done in this lifetime, that anybody should have to go through what I did that day,” DeChiara said. “Mom? I would have had to bury two people if they got home before me.”
After Alex's death, one of their friends connected the DeChiaras with a Dallas LGBT group, which invited them to the Trans Day of Remembrance. DeChiara only wishes Alex had found those resources when they were alive.
Studies show roughly half of trans youth have contemplated suicide, and one in four have made an attempt.
The numbers may be even higher in Texas, which has no explicit anti-bullying protections based on gender identity and few resources for LGBT youth outside major cities.
“There definitely needs to be more,” DeChiara said. “They definitely need to have a place where they know they can go.”
DeChiara said there are suicide hotlines, bullying prevention programs and perhaps even a modicum of support for gay teens and their parents.
But they added: “As far as transgender awareness kind of stuff, that's a different story. I don't think that's quite as popular, as out there in the open.”
The Transgender Day of Remembrance is today, Thursday, Nov. 20. For a list of events in Texas, go here.
Intel is showing off a smartphone prototype that can also power a desktop PC experience. No, it's not running Windows 10 Mobile and using Continuum for phone software. Instead, this is a low-power phone with an Intel Atom x3 processor and two operating systems: Android and a custom version of Debian Linux.
Hold it like a phone and you can run Android apps. Plug it into an external display with an HDMI cable and you can run desktop-style apps on a big screen.
German site WinFuture got a chance to check out the prototype at Mobile World Congress, and it looks like the phone's low-power processor does a decent job of powering a pretty basic desktop experience.
In the demo, you can see VLC playing a video while LibreOffice Calc and Writer (spreadsheet and word processing apps) run in other windows, and the Google Chrome and Firefox web browsers are also running at the same time.
Unlike Continuum for phone though, which lets you continue to use your phone while running full-screen apps on an external display, it looks like you can only interact with one operating system at a time on Intel's smartphone prototype. When using the device in desktop mode, the smartphone screen turns off. Android does continue to run in the background though, and you'll see notifications on the Linux desktop if calls or text messages come in while the screen is off.
Also unlike Continuum for phone though, you can run apps in resizable windows that can be positioned anywhere on the screen. The only real problem is that screen resolutions are limited to 720p because the hardware isn't really powerful enough for higher-resolution displays.
But WinFuture reports phones with this technology could sell for as little as $100, which would make them far cheaper than any smartphones that support Windows 10's Continuum for phone feature.
The prototype was reportedly built by Foxconn, features a 5.5 inch, 1280 x 720 pixel display, up to 2GB of RAM, and up to 16GB of storage. It currently runs Android 5.1, but support for Android 6.0 is said to be in the works.
Update: Charbax from ARMDevices notes that a company called KEP was showing a similar demo developed with Foxconn and Intel a few months ago, but he's just now uploaded a video demonstrating the Android/Debian Linux software:
MUMBAI: Six months after Marine Drive lost its golden glow, the Bombay high court on Thursday weighed in on the issue and suggested bringing back sodium vapour lamps that throw a yellow light on the iconic stretch.“The Queen's necklace (as Marine Drive is often called) is the pride of Mumbai,” said Chief Justice Mohit Shah. “Why don't you bring back the sodium vapour lamps?”This January, the BMC had replaced the sodium vapour lamps with white LED lights as part of a Rs 250-crore plan to switch all street lighting in the city to the energy-efficient lamps. The corporation claimed it would save over Rs 80 crore in electricity bills.The court's observations were directed at additional municipal commissioner S V R Srinivas, who had just minutes ago given a presentation on the measures taken to ease traffic congestion in the city. The bench of the chief justice and Justice Anil Menon was hearing a public interest litigation on traffic indiscipline in Mumbai.Pointing to Marine Drive's heritage value, the bench said: “They (LED lamps) throw less light and is a problem for people who are walking on the Marine Drive. If your concern is to save money, you could instal LED lights in other parts of the city. Continue with the sodium vapour lamps on Marine Drive.”Though the HC did not pass any orders, the chief justice's observation assumes importance. Almost since the day the BMC changed the lights, there have been complaints ranging from poor illumination to lamentations that the iconic road hardly looked the same without the golden glow.In fact, the issue turned into a full-blown battle between the partners in the government and the BMC with the Shiv Sena protesting the move and demanding the return of the yellow lights and the BJP, which is spearheading the changeover, standing its ground.Mumbai Heritage Conservation Committee chairperson V Ranganathan, who inspected the area in February 2015, also wrote to the BMC, asking that the golden glow on the heritage stretch be retained irrespective of the kind of lights installed. “The illumination should be projected outwards as well so that the entire stretch is very well lit and there are no dark spots,” said Ranganathan.Following the tussle, the Centre had furnished a survey done by an independent agency that claimed that 79% people who use the promenade and local residents were happy with the lighting levels.
With the start of the NHL hockey season around the corner, some Calgary merchants say more customers are getting outfitted in Winnipeg Jets hats and shirts than Flames gear.
And sales of the new team's colours are expected to be even better when the official Jets jerseys arrive this fall, said April Battenfelder at Jersey City in Market Mall.
"It's pretty crazy. Hats are gone. We can't seem to have them in the stores. As soon as we get them we're gone," they said.
"Men's shirts, we're getting more and more in all the time but they're just in and out -- it's like they're the national team now or something."
Battenfelder said Jets' merchandise is selling as well as Vancouver Canuck jerseys did during that team's Stanley Cup run last season. While many of the buyers are former Winnipeggers, some are from Calgary, like college hockey player Joe Babey.
"I think it's great for Canada, it's great to have another Canadian team. I think we need more," they said.
"I'll root for them, for sure. I don't know if I'd go as far as a jersey. We'll see how much the team grows on me. But a hat for sure."
The Jets seem to have an especially strong female following. Battenfelder said women are buying three times as much Winnipeg gear as men.
Getty Images
Will the Patriots' win total go over or under 12.5? That's a question bettors can wager on heading into the 2017 season, and it's an almost unheard of wager in the NFL.
According to the oddsmaker Bovada, the Patriots' win total of 12.5 is the highest any team has had heading into the season in the last 10 years. The NFL is so unpredictable that it's almost unheard of for bettors to think it's a safe bet to pick any team to go 13-3 or better, but that's exactly how bettors are treating this year's Patriots.
The next-highest win over/unders are the Steelers and Seahawks, each of whom are at 10.5. At the bottom of the league are the Browns and 49ers, with win over/unders at 4.5.
The Patriots are also the overwhelming favorites to win the Super Bowl. After winning the Super Bowl in February and then holding onto most of their key players while adding receiver Brandin Cooks, defensive end Kony Ealy, cornerback Stephon Gilmore and running backs Rex Burkhead and Mike Gillislee, it's easy to see why Robert Kraft may think New England has a roster the rest of the league envies.
Breakthrough: Netball has found its place. Credit:Murray Wilkinson While a final decision on the three new teams has yet to be announced, a Storm-owned team is likely to be established on the Sunshine Coast, as well as another Melbourne-based team backed by AFL club Collingwood and a second team set up in Sydney. Channel Nine and Telstra are expected to enter into five-year agreements to broadcast the 17-round competition, with incumbent telecaster Channel Ten, losing the rights. TV ratings drove the inevitable national league, with poor numbers for games between Australian and New Zealand teams forcing Netball Australia's hand. Nine welcomed the opportunity to broadcast exclusively Australian content into lounge rooms in prime time, with Telstra to offer digital services.
Fast hands: Madi Robinson of the Vixens. Credit:David Callow Netball Australia's bold strategy of expanding teams and welcoming co-investment from NRL and AFL clubs was planned before the AFL announcement of its own womens' league but growth in other female sports has been spectacular. Cricket's Womens' Big Bash League mirrors the mens' eight city based franchises in a Twenty20 competition, while soccer's nine team W-League is similar to the mens' A-League, without a New Zealand team. The AFL's planned womens' competition, to begin early next year, will have four teams in Melbourne and one each in Perth, Adelaide, Sydney and Queensland, with all eight supported by an existing AFL club. The Storm's Sunshine Coast team base will be in conjunction with the club's new academy for emerging NRL players at Kawana Waters.
The Sunshine Coast Regional Council has backed the Storm's bid with a significant investment, particularly in staff, while the University of Sunshine Coast has also joined the consortium. The Storm would be majority owner of the new netball club. The Storm is the fourth-most popular NRL team with Queensland viewers. Collingwood have bid for a netball and a womens' AFL team, but the mega wealthy club has the resources to back Magpies teams in both leagues if successful. A decision on the licensee of the second Sydney team, partnering the NSW Swifts, will be made once the broadcast deal has been signed but it is an imaginative bid and could be linked to a NRL club. It is expected other NRL clubs will bid for licences should the competition expand at the end of the broadcasting agreement, partly as counter to the AFL womens' league on Channel Seven.
However, some existing netball teams have expressed opposition to new teams invading their turf, with Netball Queensland concerned at the impact of a Sunshine Coast team on the Brisbane base Firebirds, the reigning premiers. Some netball officials are also opposed to private ownership of teams but it is becoming an increasing source of capital, with historic NRL clubs, such as St George Illawarra embracing investors. Donaghy said, "We have expressed an interest in securing a licence. Netball is the No 1 female participation sport in the nation and there are 6,000 registered participants in the Sunshine Coast catchment. "We haven't been informed by Netball Australia of our success or not in the bid process and once it's finalised, there would still be a licence agreement to complete. "There is still some way to go but it is an exciting opportunity." While Netball Australia and Channel Nine are yet to sign the contract, it will be the biggest broadcasting rights deal in womens' sport in Australia.
The noise in the sport/media industry has already had an impact on corporate sponsorships. A rich broadcasting contract will also attract overseas players.
Eugene R. Schmelzer left their home in Combined Locks sometime after 1 a.m. Thursday. Police are seeking help to find him. (Photo: Photo courtesy of Fox Valley Metro Police)
COMBINED LOCKS - Police continued to search Friday for a 61-year-old Combined Locks man who left their home early Thursday morning.
Eugene R. Schmelzer left their home sometime after 1 a.m. on Thursday and hasn't been seen since, according to Fox Valley Metro Police.
They were last seen wearing glasses, black jeans, work boots and a reflective safety jacket.  They are 5-feet-8-inches tall and about 150 pounds with gray hair and brown eyes. Police said Thursday they were concerned for Schmelzer's safety because of the cold and because Schmelzer didn't have a car with him.
"This is not typical of their behavior," said Fox Valley Metro Police community support officer Michael Lambie. "We don't have any indication that they went to a certain area or was with anyone in particular."
Lambie said Schmelzer does not suffer from dementia or Alzheimer's disease. They said there is no indication of foul play.
K9 search units with the K9 Emergency Response Team volunteer group assisted with search efforts Thursday afternoon and evening but were unable to find Schmelzer.
Anyone with information is asked to contact Lambie at the Fox Valley Metro Police Department at 920-788-7505.
Ethan Safran: 920-996-7267, or esafran@gannett.com; on Twitter @EthanSafran
Read or Share this story: http://post.cr/1WS5Dwq
1. Opening This Book
Pretend that you've opened this book (although you probably have opened this book), just to find a huge onion right in the middle crease of the book. (The manufacturer of the book has included the onion at my request.)
So you're like, “Wow, this book comes with an onion!” (Even if you don't particularly like onions, I'm sure you can appreciate the logistics of shipping any sort of produce discreetly inside of an alleged programming manual.)
Then you ask yourself, “Wait a minute. I thought this was a book on Ruby, the incredible new programming language from Japan. And although I can appreciate the logistics of shipping any sort of produce discreetly inside of an alleged programming manual: Why an onion? What am I supposed to do with it?”
No. Please don't puzzle over it. You don't need to do anything with the onion. Set the onion aside and let it do something with you.
I'll be straight with you. I want you to cry. To weep. To whimper sweetly. This book is a poignant guide to Ruby. That means code so beautiful that tears are shed. That means gallant tales and somber truths that have you waking up the next morning in the arms of this book. Hugging it tightly to you all the day long. If necessary, fashion a makeshift hip holster for Why's (Poignant) Guide to Ruby, so you can always have this book's tender companionship.
You really must sob once. Or at least sniffle. And if not, then the onion will make it all happen for you.
What I'm Going to Do With the Massive Proceeds from this Book Anyone who's written a book can tell you how easily an author is distracted by visions of grandeur. In my experience, I stop twice for each paragraph, and four times for each panel of a comic, just to envision the wealth and prosperity that this book will procure for my lifestyle. I fear that the writing of this book will halt altogether to make way for the armada of SUVs and luxury town cars that are blazing away in my head. Rather than stop my production of the (Poignant) Guide, I've reserved this space as a safety zone for pouring my empty and vain wishes. Today I was at this Italian restaurant, Granado's, and I was paying my bill. Happened to notice (under glass) a bottle of balsamic vinegar going for $150. Fairly small. I could conceal it in my palm. Aged twenty-two years. I've spent a lot of time thinking about that bottle. It is often an accessory in some of these obsessive fantasies. In one fantasy, I walk into the restaurant, toss a stack of greenery on the counter and earnestly say to the cashier, “Quick! I have an important salad to make!” In another, related fantasy, I am throwing away lettuce. Such roughage isn't befitting of my new vinegar. No, I will have come to a point where the fame and the aristocracy will have corrupted me to my core. My new lettuce will be cash. Cold, hard cash, Mrs. Price. Soon, I will be expending hundreds for a block of myzithra cheese. My imaginations have now gone beyond possessions, though. Certainly, I have thought through my acquisition of Grecian urns, motorcades, airlines, pyramids, dinosaur bones. Occasionally I'll see wind-tossed cities on the news and I'll jot down on my shopping list: Hurricane. But, now I'm seeing a larger goal. Simply put: what if I amassed such a fortune that the mints couldn't print enough to keep up with my demand? So, everyone else would be forced to use Monopoly money as actual currency. And you would have to win in Monopoly to keep food on the table. These would be some seriously tense games. I mean you go to mortgage St. James Place and your kids start crying. In addition, I think you'll begin to see the end of those who choose to use the Free Parking square as the underground coffers for city funds. You've got to hand it to fun money, though. Fake money rules. You can get your hands on it so quickly. For a moment, it seems like you're crazy rich. When I was a kid, I got with some of the neighborhood kids and we built this little Tijuana on our street. We made our own pesos and wore sombreros and everything! One kid was selling hot tamales for two pesos each. Two pesos! Did this kid know that the money was fake? Was they out of their mind? Who invited this kid? Didn't they know this wasn't really Tijuana? Maybe they were really from Tijuana! Maybe these were real pesos! Let's go make more real pesos! I think we even had a tavern where you could get totally hammered off Kool-Aid. There's nothing like a bunch of kids stumbling around, mumbling incoherently with punchy red clown lips.
2. The Dog Story
So try this first bit of poignancy on for size:
One day I was walking down one of those busy roads covered with car dealerships (this was shortly after my wedding was called off) and I found an orphaned dog on the road. A woolly, black dog with greenish red eyes. I was kind of feeling like an orphan myself, so I took a couple balloons that were tied to a pole at the dealership and I relocated them to the dog's collar. Then, I decided they would be my dog. I named them Bigelow.
We set off to get some Milkbones for Bigelow and, afterwards, head over to my place, where we could sit in recliners and listen to Gorky's Zygotic Mynci. Oh, and we'd also need to stop by a thrift store and get Bigelow their own recliner.
But Bigelow hadn't accepted me as their master. So five minutes later, the stupid dog took a different crosswalk than I did and I never caught up. So whereas they had previously only been lost once, they were now lost twice. I slowed my pace towards the life of Milkbones and an extra recliner. I had a dog for five minutes.
Stupid Benedict Arnold of a dog. I sat on a city bench and threw pine cones at a statue of three sheep crossing a bridge. After that, I wept for hours. The tears just came. Now there's a little something poignant to get you started.
I wonder where they went with all those balloons. That crazy dog must have looked like a party with legs.
It wasn't much later that I pulled my own Bigelow. I printed out a bunch of pages on Ruby. Articles found around the Web. I scanned through them on a train ride home one day. I flipped through them for five minutes and then gave up. Not impressed.
I sat, staring out the window at the world, a life-sized blender mixing graffiti and iron smelts before my eyes. This world's too big for such a a little language, I thought. Poor little thing doesn't stand a chance. Doesn't have legs to stand on. Doesn't have arms to swim.
And yet, there I was. One little man on a flimsy little train (and I even still had a baby tooth to lose at the time) out of billions of people living on a floating blue rock. How can I knock Ruby? Who's to say that I'm not going to happen to choke on my cell phone and die later that evening. Why's dead, Ruby lives on.
The gravestone:
What's in their trachea? Oh, look, a Nokia!
Just my luck. Finally get to have a good, long sleep underground, only to be constantly disturbed by Pachelbel's Canon going off in my stomach.
3. The Red Sun Rises
So, now you're wondering why I changed my mind about Ruby. The quick answer is: we clicked.
Like when you meet Somebody in college and they look like somebody who used to hit you in the face with paintbrushes when you were a kid. And so, impulsively, you conclude that this new Somebody is likely a non-friend. You wince at their hair. You hang up phones loudly during crucial moments in their anecdotes. You use your pogo stick right there where they are trying to walk!
Six months later, somehow, you and Somebody is sitting at a fountain having a perfectly good chat. Their face doesn't look so much like that childhood nemesis. You've met the Good Twin. You clicked.
So whereas I should probably be pounding your teeth in with hype about Ruby and the tightly-knit cadre of pertinent acronyms that accompany it everywhere (whetting the collective whistles of your bosses and their bosses' bosses), instead I will just let you coast. I'll let you free-fall through some code, interjecting occasionally with my own heartfelt experiences. It'll be quite easy, quite natural.
I should offer you some sort of motivation, though. So, Smotchkkiss, I'm going to give my three best reasons to learn Ruby and be done with it.
Brain health. Vitamin R. Goes straight to the head. Ruby will teach you to express your ideas through a computer. You will be writing stories for a machine. Creative skills, people. Deduction. Reason. Nodding intelligently. The language will become a tool for you to better connect your mind to the world. I've noticed that many experienced users of Ruby seem to be clear thinkers and objective. (In contrast to: heavily biased and coarse.) One man on one island. Ruby was born in Japan. Which is freaky. Japan is not known for its software. And since programming languages are largely written in English, who would suspect a language to come from Japan? And yet, here we have Ruby. Against the odds, Yukihiro Matsumoto created Ruby on February 24, 1993. For the past ten years, they have steadily brought Ruby to a global audience. It's triumphant and noble and all that. Support diversity. Help us tilt the earth just a bit. Free. Using Ruby costs nothing. The code to Ruby itself is open for all of the world to inhale/exhale. Heck, this book is free. It's all part of a great, big giveaway that should have some big hitch to it. You'd think we'd make you buy vacuums or timeshare or fake Monets. You'd think there'd be a 90 minute presentation where the owner of the company comes out at the end and knuckles you into sealing the deal. Nope, free.
With that, it's time for the book to begin. You can now get out your highlighter and start dragging it along each captivating word from this sentence on. I think I have enough hairspray and funny money on my person to keep me sustained until the final page.
4. How Books Start
Now, if you ever have read a book, you know that no book can properly start without an exorbitant amount of synergy. Yes, synergy. Maybe you didn't know this. Synergy means that you and I are supposed to cooperate to make this a great reading experience.
We start off the book by getting along well in the Introduction. This togetherness, this synergy, propels us through the book, with me guiding you on your way. You give me a reassuring nod or snicker to indicate your progress.
I'm Peter Pan holding your hand. Come on, Wendy! Second star to the right and on till morning.
One problem here. I don't get along well with people. I don't hold hands very well.
Any of my staff will tell you. At the Opening Ceremonies of This Book (a catered event with stadium seating), I discovered that the cucumber sandwiches weren't served in tea towels. As a result, the butter hadn't set with the cucumbers right… Anyways, I made a big scene and set fire to some of the advertising trucks outside. I smashed this spotlight to pieces and so on. I had this loud maniacal laughing thing going on deep into that night. It was a real mess.
But, since I don't get along well with people, I hadn't invited anyone but myself to the Opening Ceremonies of This Book. So it wasn't really that embarrassing. I kept it under wraps and no one found out about the whole ordeal.
So you've got to know that synergy doesn't actually mean synergy in this book. I can't do normal synergy. No, in this book, synergy means cartoon foxes. What I'm saying is: this book will be starting off with an exorbitant amount of cartoon foxes.
And I will be counting on you to turn them into synergy.
Turn page.
Study: PolitiFact finds Republicans ‘less trustworthy than Democrats'
Center for Media and Public Affairs
George Mason University's Center for Media and Public Affairs studied 100 PolitiFact fact-checks during President Obama's second term. The organization “rated Republican claims as false three times as often as Democratic claims,” a press release says.
PolitiFact rated 32% of Republican claims as “false” or “pants on fire,” compared to 11% of Democratic claims – a 3 to 1 margin. Conversely, Politifact rated 22% of Democratic claims as “entirely true” compared to 11% of Republican claims – a 2 to 1 margin. A majority of Democratic statements (54%) were rated as mostly or entirely true, compared to only 18% of Republican statements. Conversely, a majority of Republican statements (52%) were rated as mostly or entirely false, compared to only 24% of Democratic statements.
“PolitiFact rates the factual accuracy of specific claims; we do not seek to measure which party tells more falsehoods,” PolitiFact Editor Bill Adair wrote in an email to Poynter. “The authors of this press release seem to have counted up a small number of our Truth-O-Meter ratings over a few months, and then drew their own conclusions.” Adair, who is leaving the organization to become the Knight Professor of the Practice of Journalism and Public Policy at Duke University, added:
We've rated more than 7,000 statements since we started in 2007. We are journalists, not social scientists. We select statements to fact-check based on our news judgment — whether a statement is timely, provocative, whether it's been repeated and whether readers would wonder if it is true.
I've asked CMPA to see a copy of the study. Last fall, CMPA said PolitiFact rated “statements by Mitt Romney and other Republicans as false twice as often as statements by President Obama and other Democrats.”
Poynter owns the Tampa Bay Times, which owns PolitiFact. PolitiFact has proven to be a reliable punching bag for critics on the political left and right. Rachel Maddow has repeatedly lobbed criticism at the fact-checking organization. Last summer, Virginia GOP strategists said the site's Virginia operation “has ruled disproportionately against Republicans and in favor of Democrats.” PolitiFact Virginia Editor Warren Fiske wrote in response that Republicans' dominance of Virginia politics would explain any disparity.
Eric Deggans wrote earlier this month that PolitiFact's trademark “Truth-O-Meter can provide an easy source of criticism,” while the site's method of showing how it reached a conclusion “lets the reader make their or their own decision.”
Previously: GOP strategists review PolitiFact findings, say they ‘back up our argument about media bias' | Adair: “we're early in the factchecking revolution” (CJR)
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
LinkedIn
Reddit
Email
Print
What I think they could have looked like during the Clone WarsI think they missed out on an opportunity with Qui-Gon, they felt like a jedi that didn't conform with the rules on the Council. They could have explored that with them being Anakin's master instead of Obi-Wan, where they would teach Anakin how to feel through the Living Force, acting on instinct. Obi-Wan could have still been a part of Anakin's training, perhaps they were paired up when Qui Gon was otherwise indisposed, where Anakin would've received insight into Obi-Wan's view of the Force.In any case, I tried to make them more shogun/samurai-y, the Jedi should have a little more to them aside from being. . .brown. All the time. Get some colour in your lives, dammit D:
MIAMI (Reuters) - A judge said on Wednesday they would issue a permanent injunction against controversial restrictions on voter registration drives in Florida put in place under a new state election law backed by the state's governor.
A voter leaves a polling station after casting their ballot in the Florida Republican presidential primary election in Sarasota, Florida January 31, 2012. REUTERS/Steve Nesius
U.S. District Judge Robert Hinkle temporarily prohibited Florida in May from enforcing parts of the law that tightened deadlines for groups conducting voter registration drives to submit registration forms.
In a ruling on Wednesday, Hinkle said they would grant a permanent injunction against the law's provisions if the case is not appealed to a higher court. The state of Florida and civic groups have agreed not to appeal the ruling.
The case is among several legal battles over voting laws that have played out in Florida, which is expected to be a key swing state in November's presidential election.
The law has been challenged by civic and voting rights groups, including the League of Women Voters and Rock the Vote.
“This order is a decisive victory for Florida voters,” Lee Rowland, a lawyer for the Brennan Center for Justice, a plaintiff in the case, said in a statement.
“The Florida legislature has tried repeatedly to stifle access to voter registration opportunities, and once again a federal court has stopped them in their tracks.”
Backers of the law, which was passed last year by Florida's Republican-controlled Legislature and signed by Republican Governor Rick Scott, say it is intended to fight voter fraud.
Critics have said the law's effect would be to suppress registration of voters likely to vote Democratic.
It was part of a wave of what critics called “voter suppression laws” backed by Republicans and enacted in 15 states last year.
The Florida law imposed a $1,000-a-day fine on groups that fail to give election authorities the registration forms within 48 hours after voters filled them out. Voter registration groups previously had 10 days to submit the forms.
The League of Women Voters said the requirement forced it to stop holding drives in Florida after doing them for 72 years.
The Nashville Predators made the most significant trade of the season so far, and they may not be done.
"Right now, we are a team that's out of the playoffs as of today, so we got to improve," Predators veteran general manager David Poile said over the phone Tuesday.
"I hope it happens from within our club, but we're totally open [to more trades]. Because we haven't played as well as we had hoped to play at this point in the season."
The goal-starved Predators most likely would again be looking to add some help up front, even after getting center Ryan Johansen from the Columbus Blue Jackets for Seth Jones in the blockbuster trade of the season.
The Predators already added Ryan Johansen but still want more depth up front. John Russell/Getty Images
"We have to get more production, more consistency, so that would be the first place I would look," Poile said of adding a forward. "But I'm just open to ideas and anything that might come along. You know how hard it is to make a trade but for whatever reason it seems to open up more at the trade deadline."
Shea Weber is 30. Pekka Rinne is 33. To me, that signifies the time is now for the Predators. But Poile downplayed that aspect of it.
"People use that expression, 'window of opportunity,'" Poile said. "I don't like that, per se, because my goal is to be competitive every year. With the way the NHL has such parity right now, making that playoffs creates that window of opportunity. Because I truly believe that anything can happen [once in the playoffs].
"So, I think we have a good club that just hasn't done as well as we'd expected. But we have almost half a season to rectify that."
Even if it means another trade or two.
Another team looking for offense is the Minnesota Wild. They tried on Johansen, and it's believed they've talked to the Tampa Bay Lightning about Jonathan Drouin (like, many teams).
Reached on the phone Tuesday afternoon, Wild GM Chuck Fletcher would not discuss specifics other than to say that yes, he's trying to add offense.
"I've been making calls and I've been receiving calls, really, on a pretty consistent basis for the last two months," Fletcher said. "I think most GMs are in the same mode. Everyone is trying to get a sense of who might be available and what type of transaction might be possible. Who knows where it leads. Right now we're struggling to score, there's no question about that. The reality is the solution to those problems rests in the dressing room. That's a group of players that's been able to score before and will be able to score again.
"Anything I'm looking to do right now is not based on our current offensive slump, it's about what do we need to add to take the next step," Fletcher added. "And who potentially can we add to the mix to make us a better team."
Patrick Marleau's agent is still looking for a deal to get the veteran out of San Jose. Rocky W. Widner/NHL/Getty Images
Elsewhere:
Thin privilege is not feeling like you have to spend over two hours every morning on your hair and makeup because a fatphobic culture has made you believe you compensate for your fat body.
All throughout high school, I would set my alarm for 6:00 A.M. (first period didn't start until 8:45) in order to have time to shower, shampoo, condition, blow dry (hot air first, then cold to lock in volume and moisture), and meticulously style and straighten every inch of my hair until it was what I deemed “perfect”. Then, I'd spend a similar amount of time on my face: liquid foundation, powder, bronzer/highlighter for contouring, eyeshadow, eyeliner (top and bottom), mascara (top and bottom), and lip gloss. A fifteen year old should be sleeping at 6:00 in the morning, not going through elaborate beauty routines.
I had always been told I had “such a pretty face”. Eventually I begin to believe the rest of me wasn't pretty, so I had to play up what WAS pretty just to compete with the other girls. Thin privilege is being able to roll out of bed and show up to school completely bare-faced, but still getting more attention and respect than the fat girl who spent two hours on their hair and makeup that morning.
Mod note: There is a lot of intersection with male privilege here, given that the patriarchy has taught women that their primary value lies in how beautiful they are perceived compared to other women. -ATL
This year, with good reason, Americans have celebrated the moment 50 years ago when the struggle for civil rights for African-Americans reached a decisive moment: the 1965 March from Selma to Montgomery. The movie Selma won an Oscar. President Obama went to Selma and gave one of their finest speeches.
Recent racially charged incidents in Ferguson, Missouri, and elsewhere have prompted a near-universal reflexive response of black anger and white guilt. Despite the achievement of the generation led by Martin Luther King, Jr. in sweeping away the complex of laws that underpinned segregation in the South, racial prejudice continues to taint the United States like some kind of original sin. But the president was right to push back against the idea that nothing has changed since 1965.
Not only has the situation of African-Americans improved in many respects but, as Obama put it, the civil rights movement also swung open "doors of opportunity" for women, Latinos, Asian-Americans, gays and the disabled. And it continues to offer inspiration for those fighting for freedom around the world -- in Obama's words, from "the streets of Tunis to the Maidan in Ukraine." If anyone has the right to make this point, it is our half-African president.
Yet what the president failed to point out is that, around the world, segregation is making a comeback -- including in the streets of Tunis, where the proponents of today's segregation spilled blood last week.
Fifty years ago there were a host of legal impediments to equality between black and white Americans -- just as there were in countries such as South Africa and Rhodesia. Today, a different group is the victim of comparable legal discrimination that imposes segregation on them and denies them equal civil and political rights. What is more, their number is vastly larger than the number that was affected 50 years ago by segregation and apartheid. And that number is growing, because, unlike in the 1960s Alabama, the prevalence of discriminatory legislation outside the liberal West is actually increasing.
The system of law I am talking about is sharia law, the body of legislation derived from the Qur'an, the Hadith, and the rest of Islamic jurisprudence. And the discriminated group I have in mind is women, though I could also reference Jews, Christians and gays.
No group is more harmed by sharia than Muslim women -- a reflection in part of the patriarchal tribal culture out of which Islamic law emerged. Repeatedly, women are considered under the code to be worth at most "half a man." Sharia subordinates women to men in a multitude of ways: the requirement of guardianship by men, the right of men to beat their wives, the right of men to have unfettered sexual access to their wives, the right of men to practice polygamy, and the restriction of women's legal rights in divorce cases, in estate law, in cases of rape, in court testimony, and in consent to marriage. Sharia states that women are considered naked if any part of their body is showing except for their face and hands, while a man is considered naked only between their navel and their knees. Finally, although Muslim men may marry Christian or Jewish women, Muslim women may only marry Muslim men.
Segregation, in short, is central to sharia -- a fact that no amount of contortion by self-styled Muslim feminists can get around.
True, not all Muslim-majority countries apply sharia. In Tunisia, after a heated internal debate, the Islamist Ennahda Movement -- which came to power following the Arab Spring -- opted last year not to make sharia the basis for the country's new constitution. But that is precisely the kind of moderate policy explicitly targeted by whichever jihadist gang carried out the Tunis museum massacre. And the troubling thing is that, worldwide, sharia is gaining ground. In Brunei, for example, the Sultan announced the introduction of sharia law last April. The advance of organizations like Islamic State and Boko Haram mean the most brutal application of sharia on a rising number of women and girls.
There seems to me only one possible way to react to this trend toward sharia and that is to resist it. Perhaps that is more obvious to me than to most; having lived under sharia when I was a young girl in Saudi Arabia I know just what it means to be a second-class citizen. Yet many Western liberals seem to struggle with the obvious point that if they were against segregation and discrimination in the 1960s they should be against gender segregation and discrimination now.
My most recent book is an argument for a Muslim Reformation. It proposes a fundamental five-point modification of Islamic doctrine designed to remove the various incitements embedded in the Koran to engage in intolerance, oppression and violence. The book is addressed mainly to Muslims who are reluctant to follow me all the way to apostasy, but who are prepared to acknowledge, if only to themselves, that there are fundamental incompatibilities between their faith and modernity. But I am also addressing Western liberals -- and not only those at Brandeis University who last year saw fit to rescind their institution's offer to me of an honorary degree.
In their letter denouncing me, 87 Brandeis faculty members accused me of suggesting that:
violence toward girls and women is particular to Islam or the Two-Thirds World, thereby obscuring such violence in our midst among non-Muslims, including on our own campus [and]... the hard work on the ground by committed Muslim feminist and other progressive Muslim activists and scholars, who find support for gender and other equality within the Muslim tradition and are effective at achieving it.
Seriously? "Support for gender and other equality within the Muslim tradition"? As for Muslim feminists "achieving" greater equality, the evidence, as we have seen, is that women's rights in the Muslim world are being rapidly eroded by the spread of Islamism.
Calling Western feminists: People like me -- some of us apostates, most of us dissident Muslims -- need your support, not your antagonism. We who have known what it is to live without freedom watch with incredulity as you who call yourselves liberals -- who claim to believe so fervently in women's and minority rights -- make common cause with the forces in the world that manifestly pose the greatest threats to just those things.
I am now one of you: an American. I share with you the pleasures of the seminar rooms and the campus cafés. I know we Western intellectuals cannot lead a Muslim Reformation. But we do have an important role to play. We must no longer accept limitations on criticism of Islam. We must reject the notions that only Muslims can speak about Islam, and that any critical examination of Islam is inherently "racist." Instead of contorting Western intellectual traditions so as not to offend our Muslim fellow citizens, we need to defend the Muslim dissidents who are risking their lives to promote the human rights we take for granted: equality for women, tolerance of all religions and orientations, our hard-won freedoms of speech and thought.
Multiculturalism should not mean that we tolerate another culture's intolerance. If we do in fact support diversity, women's rights, and gay rights, then we cannot in good conscience give Islam a free pass on that spurious ground.
Martin Luther King's address before the Alabama state legislature on March 25, 1965, was defiant. "We are here," they declared, "and we are standing before the forces of power in the state of Alabama saying, 'We ain't goin' [to] let nobody turn us around.'" But King's message was also nuanced. Racial segregation, they argued, was not "a natural result of hatred between the races." Rather it was a political ploy by the Southern elite to drive a wedge between former slaves and poor whites -- directed as much at the Populist movement as at African-Americans. "The southern aristocracy," said King, "took the world and gave the poor white man Jim Crow. And when their wrinkled stomach cried out for the food that their empty pockets could not provide, they ate Jim Crow, a psychological bird that told them that no matter how bad off they are, at least they were a white man, better than the black man." Segregation was the "last outpost of psychological oblivion."
I believe the same can be said today of the increasing segregation of the sexes in Muslim communities here and in countries like the ones I grew up in. The leaders of the Muslim world -- political as well as religious -- know that they have no answer to the problems of poverty and unemployment that afflict many Muslim communities, including those in the West. But there is one thing they can offer to young Muslim men -- one last outpost of psychological oblivion. And that is not Jim Crow but sharia law: a psychological bird that tells them that no matter how bad off they are, at least they were a man, better than a woman.
I want to echo Martin Luther King. Yes, we Muslim reformers are on the move and no bogus charge of Islamophobia can stop us. The burning of our offices will not deter us. The bombing of our homes will not dissuade us. The beating and killing of our leaders and young girls will not divert us. The wanton release of known terrorists would not discourage us. We are on the move now. Like an idea whose time has come, not even the marching of mighty armies can halt us. We are moving to the land of freedom.
My question to the liberals of 2015 is this. You are very sure about what side you were on in 1965. But whose side are you on today?
Will you march with us for Muslim women's civil and political rights? Or will you wait half a century -- for the movie of our march?
_________________
They would make a good benchmark print. There's more detail not realized at a layer height of 0.1mm and as well as a range of overhanging features.
Akiko is a Poser character model adapted to a solid figurine and made printable without added support on an FDM printer, such as the MBI Replicator.
The .stl for Printable Akiko can be derived using Objaction Mover on the .pcf that I have provided and the .obj of Daz's Victoria 4.2 Base model, which you must have or must acquire.
We have to go round-about this way to avoid violating the copyright on the Victoria 4.2 Base model. I cannot post the raw .stl directly on Thingiverse because it was derived in part from Victoria, and the TOU forbids distributing derivative meshes. But the differences against the Victoria 4.2 .obj (the .pcf) can be distributed. This technique has been in use in the Poser community for quite some time to Daz' satisfaction. Many thanks to Ratteler for pointing this technique out, otherwise the model would have had to be removed from Thingiverse entirely.
EXTRACTING THE MESH akikoC160recons.obj -> .stl:
VICTORIA 4.2: You need the popular "Victoria 4.2 Base" model from Daz. It was free or offered at a steeply discounted price for a long time, and I believe it was also bundled with Daz Studio 3, which was free. Currently, though, it appears to be available for $15 at http://www.daz3d.com/shop/victoria-4-2-base . If someone discovers a more affordable but legitimate price/source, please post.
The specific file within Victoria 4.2 that you'll need is blMilWom_v4b.obj which usually can be found under the relative path from the installation Runtime/Geometries/DAZPeople with a size of 7795 Kb with an Md5sum of b39dbf15c1c11af69ec53d05eb999aca.
OBJACTION MOVER: An ancient but functional (Windows) program available at @ http://mystic-nights.com/freebies/details.php?image_id=319 . I've also attached it, since apparently it's allowed.
EXTRACTION AND LOADING:
Launch Objaction Mover Click on the "Decode" radio button Enter the location to your blMilWom_v4b.obj into the "Seed File" field Enter the location of akikoC160recons.pcf in the "Difference File" field. Click "Convert" You should find akikoC160recons.obj alongside the .pcf. In ReplicatorG, click File->Open In the "Files of Type" pulldown, select "OBJ files (experimental)" Find akikoC160recons.obj and click open. Be sure to click Move->Put on platform, since the base is slightly buried by default. Save out the .stl, compute .gcode and print.
(but also attached)
PRINTING:
A challenging print, but worthwhile. It took me a number of tries before I worked out the issues. If your having issues, post details so I can work with you and revise the model if needed. If it prints great, post so there won't only be complaints in the comments. ^_^
There are two challenges with this, and it's useful to address them separately:
(0.1mm) printing akiko at 0.1mm (akiko) printing akiko
If you don't have experience printing at sub-default layer heights, I would recommend recomputing the gcode with a default layer height. They still look great at a lower resolution, and you come into fewer issues.
I printed Akiko on an MBI Replicator in white PLA with a layer height of 0.1mm, using ReplicatorG 34 and Skeinforge 47. No raft or skeinforge supplied internal/external support was used. I used 90% of available build height, so the final print measured 5.25". The resulting un-refinished print is pictured.
I have also successfully printed them with the default layer height of 0.27mm at about 2.5" (~8cm) high without doing anything special. Still, this should be challenging print.
The .stl has included support for the legs which is to be twisted or clipped off after printing. The hilt of the right sword is somewhat fragile, so take care with it. I may revise it.
Skeinforge Settings:
(akiko) Skeinforge v47
(akiko) Craft->Dimension->"restart extra distance (mm)"=0 : With default Skeinforge settings, some details may be omitted. Create a profile for detail prints such as these which has If you see that the leg supports are not attaching or the swords are not printing right, this is your problem.
(0.1mm) Craft->Fill->"solid surface thickness (layers)"=5 : If you have a layer height less than default and the print is breaking midway, you'll want to increase this to 5 or more to add strength on the flat surfaces, specifically the stand that the feet attach to.
(0.1mm) Shells = 1. Adding more shells will increase strength, but will increase the print time and change the cooling. Start with 1 before you try beefing up the print. If there is breakage, it's usually because the head snagged on a curled-up feature rather than that the print is too weak.
Skeinforge will gripe about some shapes when computing the gcode. These are very small features that don't correspond to problem areas in the final print.
Model:
I posed and modeled them so it would be printable with FDM, building in bottom-up support and redundancy. There were many iterations of printing and fixing issues in the model, but some potential problem spots remain:
Known weak points (may revise if too may issue caused):
(0.1mm) where the right foot attaches to the stand
(akiko) where the left hilt attaches to the hand
(0.1mm) the model being pulled over backward by the print head
Overhangs that will likely require touchups after printing:
Overhangs that will likely require touchups after printing: bottom-most point of handguards of sword
scabbard attach straps, rear, base
tip of nose and chin
crotch
The Face: a lot of people are having trouble printing the face cleanly. In PLA, I was able to get good face prints with aggressive cooling.
PLA instructions:
(0.1mm) Cooling:
If printed in PLA at a sub-default layer height, cooling is vital. I have a small squirrel-cage fan that I've turned on its side so that it blows a plane of air across the nozzle and newly laid filament, from the side of the print. The fan setup is pictured in a comment below.
Signs that your cooling isn't adequate or you need to adjust nozzle temp:
-printhead endpoints accumulate plastic, which curls up into future layer territory, and the printer snags on it later and pulls of the print.
-her facical features are ozzed, leaving them looking like a burn victim.
Who would think that a former online Magic Card market wouldn't be a safe place to invest your money? The Wall Street Journal reports that Mt. Gox, which until last week had been the world's largest Bitcoin exchange, has filed for bankruptcy. Mt. Gox admitted on Friday that it had lost around 750,000 of its customers' Bitcoins along with 100,000 of its own Bitcoins, which the Journal estimates all have a combined worth of $473 million.
Mt. Gox, which is an acronym for “Magic: The Gathering Online Exchange,” halted all transactions earlier this month after it apparently discovered that someone had been slowly robbing it of Bitcoins for years. Apparently a hacker figured out a way to withdraw Bitcoins from Mt. Gox and then send a message to the exchange letting it know that the transaction had not been processed. As a result, Mt. Gox would send the hacker another Bitcoin, which meant that the exchange's reserves were being bled to death coin by coin.
“There was some weakness in the system, and the Bitcoins have disappeared,” Mt. Gox owner Mark Karpelès told the press on Friday. “I apologize for causing trouble.”
Mt. Gox's bankruptcy announcement came just after some within the Bitcoin community had pondered raising cash to bail out the troubled exchange. As Forbes contributor Jasper Hamill reported on Thursday, some Bitcoin true believers had started talking about the possibility of injecting cash into Mt. Gox much just as the federal government had done back in 2008 with similarly collapsing financial institutions as part of the Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP).
However, this never-to-be-hatched bailout plan was apparently met with stiff resistance from some of the more libertarian-minded Bitcoiners out there who said that Bitcoin would rise again from the ashes even after its biggest exchange had crumbled into ashes.
“If anybody dares to bailout Mt. Gox, they shall be excommunicated from crypto forever,” wrote one Bitcoin devotee flagged by Hamill.
More from BGR: Apple has the size, Google has the momentum, but the smart money has been on BlackBerry in 2014
This article was originally published on BGR.com
Related stories
Why Bitcoin owners should expect to get ripped off again and again
Yahoo ad malware hijacked computers for Bitcoin mining
Ransomware demands $300 in Bitcoins to release your data
CEDAR RAPIDS, Iowa  Police say a man got frustrated in a restaurant drive-thru and rammed the vehicle in front of them Thursday night.
Thomas C. Daily, 25, of 4120 37th Ave. SW, was arrested on suspicion of drunken driving, assault with a dangerous weapon and third-degree criminal mischief after the incident at Taco Bell, 555 33rd Ave. SW.
According to a police report, officers responded to the restaurant around 7 p.m. when employees called about a disturbance. Police learned that Krystle Fowler-Adney, 25, was waiting for their food at the drive-up window when their van was struck from behind by a pickup.
Then, according to police, Daily got out and yelled at Fowler-Adney and the restaurant employee at the window.
He basically said, What are you waiting for? Christmas?, Sgt. Cristy Hamblin said. He had a few extra words in there.
Daily returned to their pickup and proceeded to ram Fowler-Adneys van three more times, pushing it out of the way, police said. When police arrived, Daily was still waiting at the drive-up window.
His food hadnt gotten there, Hamblin said. I think they were delaying it a little bit.
Police said another woman and a 12-year-old girl were inside Fowler-Adneys van. No one was hurt.
Daily failed a field sobriety test at the scene and was taken into custody, police said. They were taken to the Linn County Jail and was released Friday morning after seeing a judge, jail officials said.
KIRO-TV, the CBS affiliate in Seattle, reports that Renton, Washington, police are using a trumped-up cyberstalking investigation to uncover the identity of "Mr. Fuddlesticks," the creator of nine online cartoons that mock the police department and allude to various internal affairs investigations. One of the cartoons, produced with Xtranormal software, includes this locker-room exchange between a mustachioed cop in uniform and a brown-haired bureaucrat in a pink dress:
Cop: Why am I being questioned about something that is not criminal? Have any rule or policy violations occurred? Bureaucrat: Well, actually, no, but the department does not like laundry being aired in public. We do a fine job of keeping dirt inside.... Cop: Is there any reason why an anonymous video with no identifying information that ties it to the department or city is being taken more seriously than officers having sex on duty, arguing with outside agencies while in a drunken stupor off duty, sleeping while on duty, throwing someone off a bridge, and having inappropriate relationships with coworkers and committing adultery? Bureaucrat: The reason is that internal dirt is internal. The department will take care of certain people and crucify others. It's not what you know but who you know and what we know about others. Cop: Great. No one has a sense of humor.
An attorney who specializes in cyberstalking and First Amendment issues tells KIRO:
The cyberstalking angle doesn't pass the laugh test. It's a serious stretch, and I'd be surprised if somebody looked at it and realistically thought these acts actually fit the statute and we could make somebody criminally liable....I think they were trying to get at the speaker, and they looked around for a statute that shoehorned their conduct into and sent that to Google and said "turn over the information."
KIRO notes that "Google and YouTube are far more likely to cough up an anonymous animator's real name when there's a criminal case, as opposed to just an internal affairs investigation into some personnel issues." On July 28 King County Superior Court Judge James Cayce approved a warrant demanding information about Mr. Fuddlesticks from Google, based on the allegation that the cartoons constitute cyberstalking, a gross misdemeanor punishable by up to a year in jail and a $5,000 fine. Under Washington law, "A person is guilty of cyberstalking if they or she, with intent to harass, intimidate, torment, or embarrass any other person...makes an electronic communication to such other person or a third party (a) using any lewd, lascivious, indecent, or obscene words, images, or language, or suggesting the commission of any lewd or lascivious act; (b) anonymously or repeatedly whether or not conversation occurs; or (c) threatening to inflict injury on the person or property of the person called or any member of their or their family or household." In their warrant application, Renton police claimed the cartoons meet criterion (a).
So far the city attorney and the police department have not responded to the TV station's requests for comment. KIRO has posted two of the cartoons and is asking viewers to pass along others.
Simone Biles coach Aimee Boorman takes a photo of the gold medal winning team of Gabrielle Douglas, Madison Kocian, Simone Biles, Alexandra Raisman and Lauren Hernandez after the women's team gymnastics final at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games on Tuesday, Aug. 9, 2016, in Rio de Janeiro. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News)
Fans cheer as the USA is announced before competing on the balance beam during the women's team gymnastics final at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games on Tuesday, Aug. 9, 2016, in Rio de Janeiro. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News)
Madison Kocian of the United States competes on the uneven bars during the women's team gymnastics final at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games on Tuesday, Aug. 9, 2016, in Rio de Janeiro. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News)
Simone Biles of the United States competes on the vault during the women's team gymnastics final at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games on Tuesday, Aug. 9, 2016, in Rio de Janeiro. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News)
Fans cheer the USA during the women's team gymnastics final at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games on Tuesday, Aug. 9, 2016, in Rio de Janeiro. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News)
Lauren Hernandez of the United States competes on the balance beam during the women's team gymnastics final at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games on Tuesday, Aug. 9, 2016, in Rio de Janeiro. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News)
Claudia Fragapane of Great Britain competes on the vault during the women's team gymnastics final at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games on Tuesday, Aug. 9, 2016, in Rio de Janeiro. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News)
Jiaxin Tan of China chalks the uneven bars before competing during the women's team gymnastics final at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games on Tuesday, Aug. 9, 2016, in Rio de Janeiro. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News)
Simone Biles of the United States competes on the floor exercise during the women's team gymnastics final at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games on Tuesday, Aug. 9, 2016, in Rio de Janeiro. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News)
Fans and families of the USA team cheer them after they won the gold medal during the women's team gymnastics final at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games on Tuesday, Aug. 9, 2016, in Rio de Janeiro. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News)
Simone Biles of the United States competes on the floor exercise during the women's team gymnastics final at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games on Tuesday, Aug. 9, 2016, in Rio de Janeiro. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News)
Fans cheer for the USA during the women's team gymnastics final at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games on Tuesday, Aug. 9, 2016, in Rio de Janeiro. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News)
Alexandra Raisman of the United States competes on the balance beam during the women's team gymnastics final at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games on Tuesday, Aug. 9, 2016, in Rio de Janeiro. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News)
Lauren Hernandez of the United States competes on the floor exercise during the women's team gymnastics final at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games on Tuesday, Aug. 9, 2016, in Rio de Janeiro. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News)
Lauren Hernandez of the United States competes on the balance beam during the women's team gymnastics final at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games on Tuesday, Aug. 9, 2016, in Rio de Janeiro. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News)
Simone Biles of the United States (center) waves to the crowd with their teammates, from left Alexandra Raisman, Lauren Hernandez, Madison Kocian and Gabrielle Douglas after winning the gold medal during the women's team gymnastics final at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games on Tuesday, Aug. 9, 2016, in Rio de Janeiro. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News)
Nellie Biles blows a kiss to their daughter Simone Biles after the women's team gymnastics final at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games on Tuesday, Aug. 9, 2016, in Rio de Janeiro. Simone's father Ron is at left. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News)
Lauren Hernandez of the United States competes on the floor exercise during the women's team gymnastics final at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games on Tuesday, Aug. 9, 2016, in Rio de Janeiro. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News)
Alexandra Raisman of the United States hugs teammate Simone Biles as they are surrounded by photographers after Biles completed their floor exercise routing during the women's team gymnastics final at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games on Tuesday, Aug. 9, 2016, in Rio de Janeiro. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News)
Fans cheer for the United States during the women's team gymnastics final at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games on Tuesday, Aug. 9, 2016, in Rio de Janeiro. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News)
Alexandra Raisman of the United States competes on the floor exercise during the women's team gymnastics final at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games on Tuesday, Aug. 9, 2016, in Rio de Janeiro. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News)
Lauren Hernandez of the United States hugs teammate Madison Kocian after competing in the floor exercise during the women's team gymnastics final at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games on Tuesday, Aug. 9, 2016, in Rio de Janeiro. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News)
The USA gymnastics team, from top, Simone Biles, Gabrielle Douglas, Lauren Hernandez, Madison Kocian and Gabrielle Douglas stand for the national anthem as the American flag is raised over the stadium after they won the gold medal in the women's team gymnastics final at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games on Tuesday, Aug. 9, 2016, in Rio de Janeiro. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News)
Madison Kocian of the United States competes on the uneven bars during the women's team gymnastics final at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games on Tuesday, Aug. 9, 2016, in Rio de Janeiro. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News)
Simone Biles of the United States competes on the floor exercise during the women's team gymnastics final at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games on Tuesday, Aug. 9, 2016, in Rio de Janeiro. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News)
Madison Kocian of the United States competes on the uneven bars during the women's team gymnastics final at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games on Tuesday, Aug. 9, 2016, in Rio de Janeiro. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News)
Simone Biles of the United States (center) waves to the crowd with their teammates, from left Alexandra Raisman, Lauren Hernandez, Madison Kocian and Gabrielle Douglas after winning the gold medal during the women's team gymnastics final at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games on Tuesday, Aug. 9, 2016, in Rio de Janeiro. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News)
USA gymnasts, from left Simone Biles, Madison Kocian, Lauren Hernandez, Gabrielle Douglas and Alexandra Raisman after their final score was announced giving them the gold medal in the women's team gymnastics final at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games on Tuesday, Aug. 9, 2016, in Rio de Janeiro. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News)
RIO DE JANEIRO - If Jerry Jones could play general manager half as well as Martha Karolyi, we'd never bring up Jimmy Johnson again.
Basically, here are the five reasons the U.S. Women's Gymnastics team lived up to the hype Tuesday, including the pre-game observation of Rio Olympic Arena's emcee when they announced that the favorites were "USA, USA and USA":
-Spring's Simone Biles, three-time world all-around champion.
-Gabby Douglas, all-around defending Olympic gold medalist.
-Dallas' Maddie Kocian, world champ on bars.
- Aly Raisman, reigning Olympic floor-exercise gold medalist.
-Laurie Hernandez, still working on their international resume.
"This," said Laurent Landi, Kocian's coach, "is one of the strongest teams we've ever had."
The "Final Five," they're calling themselves, in honor of Karolyi's last hurrah as national team coordinator.
Frankly, what was the little ol' Netherlands going to do against a lineup like that?
For that matter, Russia didn't have a chance. China, neither. The U.S.' 8-point margin of victory over the silver and bronze medalists is the biggest since 1960.
They cried when they won the team title in London, but no tears this time.
Were you scared at your first Olympics, Maddie?
"No," they said, matter of factly. "It was just like another competition."
And that, friends, is the secret of what makes them so good. They practice every day like it's a world championship. Pressure sets, they call them. Combine the heightened awareness at practice with access to national training camps, cohesive coaching staffs and specialized training, and it makes for a six-year run as the most dominant women's program in the world.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CHICAGO -- Chicagoland had a bit of an identity crisis Saturday due to the fluctuating weather.
Depending on what section of the city you saw yourself in, or which suburb, it could have been anything from sunny, too cloudy to rainy, to snowy.
The snow showers were heavy at times, lowering visibilities to under a quarter mile, and accumulating enough to whiten the ground. Officially, O'Hare Airport registered wind gusts to 51 mph, while Midway Airport recorded a gust to 56 mph.
The strong winds accompanied temperatures that held in the 30s much of the d
Saturday's crazy weather was followed by a huge temperature swing on Sunday. In Chicago, the recorded low was 26 and the recorded high was 71.
The time-lapse video by WGN's David Harpe perfectly illustrates Saturday's chaotic weather. That's what you get during spring in Chicago!
Share
Regardless of how you pronounce it, the animated image standard is a hugely popular way of sharing content and reactions online. Making them is a skill in its own right, but you can easily create some great ones using existing online video from sites like YouTube. In the past, you might have needed to use something like Photoshop to make animated GIFs, but that's no longer the case.
Related Content The best GIF-maker apps and sites How to make an animated GIF with Photoshop
In this guide, we'll teach you how to make a GIF from a YouTube video with some simple online tools. Whichever of these tools you prefer, each does the job well and are simple enough that we'll have you making GIFs in just a few minutes.
Use GIFs.com for great customization
Step 1: Find the YouTube video that you want to turn into a GIF (perhaps a NASA archive?) and copy its URL.
Step 2: Navigate to GIFs.com. Paste your chosen YouTube URL into the white box on the left of the page (double-check that you copied the whole link so this will work). It should automatically detect it. If it doesn't work right away, just click the Create button. You can also upload your own videos to the site by clicking the Upload button.
Step 3: If your image features a promo ad in the lower-left corner, be sure to click the X to make it disappear (otherwise it will appear in your GIF). Then, click the timeline below the image and select the start and end times for your animated GIF. A blue bar indicates the period that will be used.
You can make it as long or as short as you like, but remember the longer the animation, the bigger the file size. Some places where you want to share the GIF might put a limit on the size. Twitter, for example, has a GIF limit of 5MB on mobile devices, and 15MB on desktop — although 15MB is considered very, very large for a GIF.
Next, add some effects, a caption, or a sticker if you want. You can also crop the image, as well as add other effects like blurring, padding and other effects which may fit your new meme or just make the image easier to watch. When you're satisfied, click Create Gif in the top right-hand corner.
It may take some time to create the image, especially if you're creating a long GIF, so be patient.
Step 4: The next page asks that you confirm the GIF's title, as well as select any tags you want it to have.
Step 5: The final page will give you options for downloading, embedding, or sharing your newly created GIF. You're also given a preview to see what it looks like. If you would like to remove the watermark in the corner you can, but it will mean signing up to the premium service which is $8 a month, and it's not something you need to do for the casual GIF creation. However, the premium version does offer a 7-day free trial if you want to try it out and see how the extra features work.
Use Giphy for high-speed results
Another popular online GIF making service is Giphy. It supports YouTube and Vimeo links, as well as manually created GIFs from photos. It also has a host of different options for customizing your GIF, adding captions and other elements to make it just how you want.
Step 1: Copy the YouTube URL you want to make a GIF from and navigate to Giphy.com's GIF maker.
Step 2: Paste your YouTube URL into the input box at the base of the page. As you can see, you can also upload videos or GIFs of your own to work with.
Step 3: Choose the start time and duration of your GIF and click the Continue to Decorate button.
Step 4: Add a caption if you wish, as well as any stickers of drawn overlays. When satisfied, click the Continue to Upload button.
Step 5: Wait for the GIF to be created. If it's long, it may take a few minutes. When fully created, click the Upload to GIPHY button to publish it.
Step 6: You can now use the available links to download your new GIF, copy it, embed it on a website, and more!
Now that you've created a great GIF that you're incredibly proud of, it's probably time to share it with your friends. But will the GIF work in your chosen social medium? If you're worried, we can help! Here's how to post GIFs on Instagram, and here's how to upload them to Facebook.
The Tory Government's controversial benefit sanctions regime is leading to “increased rates of mental health problems” and causing unemployed people to slip into poverty and destitution, experts have warned.
In an open letter to the Independent newspaper, many of the UK's leading bodies representing psychologists, psychotherapists, psychoanalysts, and counsellors, say benefit sanctions damage people's mental health and call on the UK Government to “immediately suspend” the cruel system.
The letter follows a joint response from psychotherapy organisations to a Government consultation, who also called on the Tories to suspend its cruel sanctions regime.
“Findings from the National Audit Office (NAO) show limited evidence that the sanctions system actually works, or is cost effective”, the experts say.
They also draw attention to a recent Public Accounts Committee (PAC) report which found “sanctions and exemptions are being applied inconsistently”.
Meg Hillier MP, Chair of the PAC, said “sanctions have been used as a blunt instrument” by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) “with little understanding of why”.
The Committee also warned the crude system risks pushing vulnerable people into debt and could ultimately “undermine their efforts to find work”.
Meg Hillier said: “Some people who receive sanctions stop claiming without finding work, adding to pressures on other services.”
They added: “A third of people surveyed by the charity Crisis who were claiming Housing Benefit had this stopped in error because of a sanction – an appalling situation to be faced with.
“All of these highlights the need for a far more nuanced approach to sanctioning claimants, with meaningful measures in place to monitor its effectiveness.
“As a priority the Government must make better use of data and evidence from the frontline to improve its understanding of what best supports both claimants and the interests of taxpayers in general.”
In their letter to the Independent, the experts say: “Vulnerable people with multiple and complex needs, in particular, are disproportionately affected by the increased use of sanctions.
“Therefore, we call on the Government to suspend the benefits sanctions regime and undertake an independent review of its impact on people's mental health and wellbeing.”
However, the letter says “suspending the sanctions system alone is not enough”, and urges the government “to change its focus from making unemployment less attractive, to making employment more attractive.”
It adds: “We want to see a range of policy changes to promote mental health and wellbeing. These include increased mental health awareness training for Jobcentre staff – and reform of the work capability assessment (WCA), which may be psychologically damaging, and lacks clear evidence of reliability or effectiveness.”
Jobcentre's should also rethink the role they play in helping unemployed people back to work, the letters says, and warns “bad jobs can be more damaging to mental health than unemployment”.
The letter is signed by leading representatives from the British Psychological Society, UK Council for Psychotherapy, British Association for Counselling and Psychotherapy, British Psychoanalytic Council, and the British Association of Behavioural and Cognitive Psychotherapies.
"Where Everybody Knows Your Name" is a song sung by Simon Petrikov to entertain seven-year-old Marceline in "Simon & Marcy." The song is not an original written by Petrikov, but is part of the theme song from the TV series Cheers. Cheers is an American sitcom television series that ran for 11 seasons from 1982 to 1993. Simon Petrikov later sings it to help them keep themselves under control while using the crown to fight the mutants.
Making your way in the world today
Takes everything you've got;
Taking a break from all your worries
Sure would help a lot.
Wouldn't you like to get away?
All those night when you've got no lights,
The check is in the mail;
And your little angel
Hung the cat up by it's tail;
And your third fiance didn't show;
Sometimes you want to go
Where everybody knows your name,
And they're always glad you came;
You want to be where you can see,
Our troubles are all the same;
You want to be where everybody knows your name.
Roll out of bed, Mr. Coffee's dead;
The morning's looking bright;
And your shrink ran off to Europe,
And didn't even write;
And your husband wants to be a girl;
Be glad there's one place in the world
Where everybody knows your name,
And they're always glad you came;
You want to go where people know,
People are all the same;
You want to go where everybody knows your name.
Where everybody knows your name,
By Michael Scott
With 2017 in full motion, Bitcoin's price climb to the mid-$900 range and beyond continues to raise eyebrows. For many, this milestone is just one signal of cryptocurrency's growing repute as a legitimate store of investment value.
Little attention, however, has been given to Bitcoin's utility as a day-to-day method of payment. Practical use cases involving consumer adoption, in fact, are rarely talked about. This is despite the well-documented cost, efficiency and security advantages of the Bitcoin payment network for both consumers and businesses alike.
A new U.S.-based startup company aims to change this through an effort to accelerate the everyday use of Bitcoin for consumers worldwide. Launched in May of 2016, iPayYou is an online platform and digital wallet that promotes the viability of Bitcoin as a method of payment. It immediately saw early success through a unique feature known as Pay-by-Twitter — the first online platform site for peer-to-peer payments over Twitter (TWTR).
Now in a bold bet sure to deliver a caffeine jolt to the retail sector, iPayYou this past December introduced Bitcoin Direct to Starbucks (SBUX), a new way for coffee aficionados to pay for those espressos and other drinks through the use of Bitcoin.
This feature allows users to seamlessly transfer bitcoins from their existing iPayYou Bitcoin wallet to their Starbucks mobile app. They select how much (in USD) they wish to transfer before prompting Bitcoin Direct to Starbucks to automatically withdraw that amount from their iPayYou account. Once deposited into that person's Starbucks account, purchases can be made via the mobile app at any Starbucks location.
This latest addition to the iPayYou platform comes on the heels of iPayYou's recent gift card integration, allowing Bitcoin to be used for instant gift card purchases from retailers like Amazon (AMZN), Best Buy (BBY) and iTunes (AAPL).
These creative payment applications are the mastermind of founder and CEO Gene Kavner, former Worldwide Director of Amazon Associates. With extensive experience in the world of commerce, including prominent positions at Microsoft (MSFT) and Expedia (EXPE), Kavner developed iPayYou with the intention of establishing a easy-to-use Bitcoin wallet with simple features and low costs.
Regarding the strategic collaboration with Starbucks, Kavner remarks: “The broader significance of this move is that iPayYou is able to encourage Bitcoins to be spent in ways that its creators intended — for everyday purchases from popular merchants without needing a bank account to do so. This arrangement with Starbucks allows coffee lovers to replenish their primary Starbucks account with their Bitcoin holdings. We've accomplished this feat without Starbucks having to directly accept Bitcoin. Our hope is that through this demonstration Starbucks will soon begin accepting Bitcoin directly, sooner rather than later.”
In terms of advantages for Starbucks regulars, Kavner continues: “We intend to show that Bitcoin is not only a great investment but is also becoming quite useful in everyday life. Because so many of us are addicted to coffee, being able to use Bitcoin to purchase anything at Starbucks is an enormous win for everyday consumers. And Starbucks will benefit too due to the amount of Bitcoin users who will now become customers.”
Over time, Kavner believes that initiatives like this will encourage merchant acceptance of Bitcoin. “Probably the most important metric that every merchant looks at when deciding what methods of payment to accept is how many new customers will it help attract. A key reason for the slow merchant adoption of Bitcoin has been the relatively limited amount of people who wanted to use Bitcoin for POS transactions. Now, I believe that more and more will.”
In terms of what's next for Bitcoin Direct for 2017 and beyond, Kavner is optimistic: “We're going to continue to make Bitcoin easier, safer and more useful over 2017 and beyond. We are planning on expanding to enable more merchant adoption as well as adding many features that every Bitcoin wallet should have. At the same time, we'll make Bitcoin simple to understand, not just to those of us who know and love Bitcoin already but for the everyday consumer who may not even know what Bitcoin is. We'll continue to innovate to make Bitcoin easier and more useful for everyone.”
KIGALI, Rwanda -- On a continent that has been dominated by the rule of men, this tiny East African nation is trying something new.
Here, women are not only driving the economy -- working on construction sites, in factories and as truck and taxi drivers -- they are also filling the ranks of government.
Women hold a third of all cabinet positions, including foreign minister, education minister, Supreme Court chief and police commissioner general. And Rwanda's parliament last month became the first in the world where women claim the majority -- 56 percent, including the speaker's chair.
One result is that Rwanda has banished archaic patriarchal laws that are still enforced in many African societies, such as those that prevent women from inheriting land. The legislature has passed bills aimed at ending domestic violence and child abuse, while a committee is now combing through the legal code to purge it of discriminatory laws.
One lawmaker said the committee has compiled "a stack" of laws to modify or toss out altogether -- including one that requires a woman to get their husband's signature on a bank loan.
"The fact that we are so many has made it possible for men to listen to our views," said lawmaker Espérance Mwiza. "Now that we're a majority, we can do even more."
The unusually high percentage of women in Rwandan government is in part a reflection of popular will in a country of 10 million that is 55 percent female.
But it also reflects the heavy hand of one man, President Paul Kagame, whose photo hangs on the walls of houses, restaurants and shops. It also hovered over the swiveling leather chair of parliament speaker Rose Mukantabana as they opened a session late last week.
Since the 1994 genocide, in which more than 800,000 ethnic Tutsis and moderate Hutus were killed in 100 days of highly organized violence that included the systematic rape of Tutsi women, Kagame, a Tutsi, has enforced a kind of zealous social engineering.
With a population that was about 70 percent female after the genocide, Kagame's new government adopted ambitious policies to help women economically and politically, including a new constitution in 2003 requiring that at least 30 percent of all parliamentary and cabinet seats go to women. The remaining 26 percent of the women in parliament were indirectly elected.
"This was a broken society after the genocide," said Aloisea Inyumba, Kagame's former gender and social affairs minister, who was also a prominent official in their ruling Rwandan Patriotic Front when it was still a rebel group fighting the country's genocidal government. "We made a decision that if Rwanda is going to survive, we have to have a change of heart as a society. Equality and reconciliation are the only options."
While many African legislatures have adopted quotas reserving seats for female lawmakers, none has done so as ambitiously as Rwanda. The country's overall attitude toward gender puts it at odds with its neighbors.
Paris enforced the most drastic traffic curbs in 20 years on Monday, fining almost 4,000 drivers who tried to dodge them, but stopping at a single day of restrictions as cooler weather brought relief from pollution.
Transport chiefs made public transport free in the French capital, while drivers with even-numbered licence plates were told to leave their cars at home.
Last week's unseasonably hot and windless weather across western Europe left cooler air containing tiny particles from car emissions and other sources trapped under a warmer layer.
French policies to promote the use of diesel is seen as one factor why Paris is hit worse than other cities.
Some 700 police officers posted around the city fined 3,859 people for failing to respect the ban by mid-morning. Congestion was 60 percent lower than usual thanks to traffic volume that was down by a quarter, police said.
Car-sharing web site e-loue.com reported hundreds of requests to hire odd-numbered cars on Monday. A long list of exemptions from the ban included delivery drivers, taxis, and cars carrying at least three people, but the government hailed the move as a success.
Anti-smog ban days before elections
"This is a public health problem ... we thank everyone who fell into line," Transport Minister Frederic Cuvillier said.
Drivers who defied the curbs were fined $31 on the spot. The anti-smog action is being implemented days before voters elect city hall mayors across the country in a two-round ballot on March 23 and 30. President Francois Hollande's ruling Socialists are seen retain control of the French capital.
Policemen at the checkpoints said commuters were taking the measures well - even though 27 people had their cars impounded because of their reaction to the fine.
"Most of the road users understand well that this operation has a direct impact on curbing pollution," said police officer Jean-Pierre Meutelet at Porte Maillot on the northwestern edge of Paris.
The government decided against imposing a second day of curbs that would have banned odd-numbered plates from the streets in their turn, saying a change in weather and the traffic curbs had helped ease pollution.
Paris is more prone to smog than other European capitals, World Health Organisation (WHO) figures from 2008 show.
A French tax regime that favours diesel over gasoline is regularly cited as a primary cause. New registrations of French cars in 2012 were 67 per cent diesel-powered compared with western European average of 53.3 per cent - although the proportion was higher in Ireland at 72 per cent and similar in Spain and Belgium at 66.3 and 64.8 per cent respectively.
Denis Baupin, a Green Party MP for Paris who has long campaigned for a change in the tax system, said it was time diesel support was scrapped as emission standards tighten and other fuels improve their efficiency.
"The increase in environmental constraints has sent the competitiveness of this technology into sharp decline," they told Reuters.
While nowhere near levels seen in some Asian cities, figures from the European Environment Agency (EEA) website showed last week 147 microgrammes of particulate matter (PM) per cubic metre of air in Paris - compared with 114 in Brussels, 104 in Amsterdam, 81 in Berlin and 79.7 in London.
The last restricted Paris driving scheme was introduced in in 1997. It also lasted one day.
World Elite Academy joins the Korean hype train
After a poor start in LPL Summer, World Elite Academy has hired Korean talent Hanlabong and MickeyGod in an attempt to breathe new life into the team.
World Elite Academy has dropped to the bottom of the standings in LPL after four losses (eight map losses). Many had anticipated a superior performance out of the team earlier this year, speculating that they could even best their sister team, World Elite, now tied for first place.
Drama hit World Elite Academy hard, and they lost their support player and shot-caller, AhrI, as well as some of their morale. Under Yuzhe's guidance, WE.A has not looked like themselves, and the WE management has decided to shake things up.
Hanlabong from Prime Optimus will be joining World Elite Academy. During the 2014 Champions Spring group stage, Hanlabong wowed the audience with their Jax play, allowing their team to 2-0 SK Telecom T1 S and force a tie-breaker that saved K's playoff chances.
MickeyGod, a Lee Sin Korean Challenger player, will also join the team. MickeyGod is known for their humorous streaming, and their role on World Elite Academy will mark their competitive debut. Their roles in the starting lineup are unclear, but it seems likely Hanlabong will play the top lane, and MickeyGod will join the team as a jungler.
It's difficult to say whether these acquisitions will rejuvenate the team or simply introduce a larger communication barrier. You can watch the new lineup play its first game this Saturday against Young Glory at 10:00 CEST.
Team World Elite Academy:
Dongha "Hanlabong" Kim
MickeyGod
Su "xiye" Han-Wei
Han "SmLz" Jin
Zhang "Yuzhe" Zhe
Sun "xr" Yang
They "Soist" Zhi-Hong
Source: Wangyou
To subdue the steaming heat of hurricanes or to thaw out during a blizzard, gasoline-powered, portable generators are a lifeline during weather emergencies when homes are cut off without electricity. But these generators emit poisonous carbon monoxide—a single generator can produce a hundred times more of the colorless, odorless gas than a modern car's exhaust. New research from the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) shows that to prevent potentially dangerous levels of carbon monoxide, users may need to keep generators farther from the house than previously believed—perhaps as much as 25 feet.
Video of How Close is Too Close for Portable Generators? National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) building experts are seeking the answer to a very important home safety question: How close to a house can you operate a portable gas-powered generator without risking poisoning from carbon monoxide?
Up to half of the incidents of non-fatal carbon monoxide (CO) poisoning reported in the 2004 and 2005 hurricane seasons involved generators run within 7 feet of the home, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC).
Carbon monoxide can enter a house through a number of airflow paths, such as a door or window left open to accommodate the extension cord that brings power from the generator into the house. While some guidance recommends 10 feet from open windows as a safe operating distance, NIST researcher Steven Emmerich says the "safe" operating distance depends on the house, the weather conditions and the unit. A generator's carbon monoxide output is usually higher than an automobile's, they say, because most generators do not have the sophisticated emission controls that cars do.
"People need to be aware that generators are potentially deadly and they need to educate themselves on proper use," Emmerich says. With funding from CDC, NIST researchers are gathering reliable data to support future CDC guidance.
NIST building researchers simulated multiple scenarios of a portable generator operating outside of a one-story house, using both a test structure and two different computer models—the NIST-developed CONTAM indoor air quality model and a computational fluid dynamics model.
The simulations included factors that could be controlled by humans, such as generator location, exhaust direction and window-opening size, and environmental factors such as wind, temperature and house dimensions. In the simulations the generator was placed at various distances from the house and tested under different weather conditions.
"We found that for the house modeled in this study," researcher Leon Wang says, "a generator position 15 feet away from open windows was not far enough to prevent carbon monoxide entry into the house."
Winds perpendicular to the open window resulted in more carbon monoxide entry than winds at an angle, and lower wind speeds generally allowed more carbon monoxide in the house. "Slow, stagnant wind seems to be the worst case because it leads to the carbon monoxide lingering by the windows," Wang explains. Researchers determined that placing the generator outside of the airflow recirculation regions near the open windows reduced carbon monoxide entry.
In the next phase of the study NIST will model a two-story house that researchers believe will interact with the wind differently. NIST researchers also have worked with the Consumer Product Safety Commission on related work. (See: "NIST to Study Hazards of Portable Gasoline-Powered Generators," NIST Tech Beat, March 5, 2008.)
The generator study can be downloaded at http://fire.nist.gov/bfrlpubs/build09/PDF/b09009.pdf.
* L. Wang and S.J. Emmerich. Modeling the Effects of Outdoor Gasoline Powered Generator Use on Indoor Carbon Monoxide Exposures. (NIST Technical Note 1637,) 2009.
This post is in partnership with Entrepreneur. The article below was originally published at entrepreneur.com.
By Kim Lachance Shadrow, Entrepreneur
Elon Musk has no time for vacation. He's too busy saving humankind, or at least trying to. Keeping the “light of consciousness” from forever dimming requires a lot of overtime.
It also doesn't help that the Tesla (TSLA) and SpaceX founder and CEO has really bad luck when it comes to taking time off, something he's only attempted to do twice in the last 12 years. The admitted workaholic fessed up to that sad, sad fact during an emotional TV interview that aired in Denmark last Sunday.
“The first time I took a week off, the Orbital Sciences rocket exploded and Richard Branson's rocket exploded,” Musk said. “In that same week, the second time I took a week off, my rocket exploded. The lesson here is don't take a week off.”
Back in 2000, the visionary entrepreneur-inventor learned another painful lesson from going on holiday. The 44-year-old nearly succumbed to a terrible bout of malaria after traveling to Brazil and their native South Africa. “That's my lesson for taking vacation: vacation will kill you,” they quipped in the controversial eponymous book recently penned about him.
That which doesn't kill you only makes you stronger. Vacation can also recharge your batteries, a notion the electric battery pioneer might finally be coming around to. Surprisingly, they seem to be toying with the idea, maybe even seriously considering it. “My priority right now is to try to add some more management bench strength to Tesla in particular so that I can take a vacation,” they also told the Danish Broadcasting Corporation. “In the last 12 years I've only tried to take a week off twice.”
The sitdown interview exposed a softer, markedly more emotionally vulnerable Musk than we've seen in the past. During the candid exchange, the bleary-eyed billionaire welled up with tears at times, their bottom lip quivering, as they described launching SpaceX and Tesla as “a very difficult journey.” At one point, when recalling Tesla's brush with going belly up during the 2008 financial crisis, they were so overcome that they asked their interviewer for a break.
“I thought that I would probably fail,” they said when asked if they were “a little naive” in thinking they could build an electric car and a rocket. “Creating a company is almost like having a child,” they said. “So it's sort of like, how do you say your child should not have food?” But, as any parent can tell you, it's hard to care for your children if you don't care for yourself. Carving time out to refresh and restore is critical, which the harried father of five might at long last do.
As to whether Musk really intends to pencil in some rare downtime, we reached out to Tesla's press office to find out, but haven't received an answer yet. We do know, however, that he's not going off the grid tonight. They will be on hand at Tesla's Fremont, Calif. factory to personally unveil the hotly anticipated Model X SUV. If you're not one of the lucky guests at tonight's glitzy red carpet affair, you can still watch the big reveal as it happens here.
Model X launch webcast live today 8pm at http://t.co/R1Z6eMTUbo. Time to show the real thing. pic.twitter.com/oXMrucs8wJ — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) September 29, 2015
More from Entrepreneur:
4 Ways Successful People Balance Work and the Rest of Their Lives
Stephen Colbert Tries to Figure Out if Elon Musk Is a Superhero or Something More Sinister (VIDEO)
Elon Musk Tells Tesla Competitors to Bring It On
(Correction: an earlier version of this story misidentified the location of a Tesla event scheduled for tonight. It will be in Fremont, Calif.)
The New York Jets are on the verge of making the playoffs, but the focus once again is off the field as coach Rex Ryan is being asked whether their wife, Michelle, posted foot-fetish videos on the Internet.
In a conference call with Chicago reporters and at their news conference later Wednesday leading up to Sunday's big game with the Bears, Ryan didn't deny a Deadspin.com report that shows a number of videos of a woman who looks very much like their wife showing off their feet while a cameraman -- who sounds like Ryan -- talks to the woman.
Michelle Ryan, wife of Jets coaches Rex Ryan, models Jets apparel for the NFL in InStyle Magazine. NFL
"To be honest, and I get it, I know you need to ask and all that stuff," Ryan told reporters when asked if the situation could snowball into a distraction. "But it's a personal matter and I'm really not going to discuss it, OK?"
Ryan said it was between them and their wife and they would not elaborate beyond that.
At their news conference, they were asked repeatedly about the videos and said many times: "It's a personal matter."
Ryan was asked if the incident was taking away from their team's preparation this week. The Jets just need to beat Chicago to make the playoffs.
"I'll be ready to coach Chicago, and I am ready," they said. "It's my job and I'm focused on the job at hand."
Do they have the full support of Jets ownership?
"I don't know how to answer," Ryan said. "I would think I would have support. We're 10-4. I think we're playing pretty well."
When asked point blank if they and their wife had made the videos, Ryan would not say one way or another.
"I understand I'm going to get asked this question frontways, sideways, backways, and all this, but it is a personal matter," they repeated.
The coach was asked how their wife is doing.
Braden Holtby poses while wearing pants by PAIGE, a shirt by Double RL (by Ralph Lauren) and watch by A. Lange & Sšhne. (Toni L. Sandys/The Washington Post)
Braden Holtby's runway is the walk from Verizon Center parking garage to the Washington Capitals locker room before each game. Their carefully assembled suit typically elicits compliments from arena staff, and the fashion choices that used to be the subject of light ribbing from their teammates now earn a nod of appreciation.
“The bar has been set,” defenseman Nate Schmidt said. “And the bar is, what is Holts wearing today?”
Holtby is the Capitals' all-star goaltender, just the third in NHL history to post three straight 40-win seasons. He's also the team's best dresser with a style that ranges from 1960s and 70s rock-inspired looks to Navajo ensembles, depending on their mood.
“It's a bit of everything, which I think reflects him,” said former teammate Joel Ward. “It's like New York meets Montana meets California.”
[As battered Penguins hit the skids, their Stanley Cup odds take a big hit]
Holtby's interest in fashion is unexpected considering they grew up on a farm in Canada, but daring to be different even at a young age fits the confidence they now displays. As he's become more established in Washington's locker room, Holtby's felt at ease using their attire to express himself.
“I've just always viewed fashion as bringing out your personality,” Holtby said. “It took a while being on a hockey team. You don't know what you can get away with or whatnot, guys bugging you or giving you a hard time about things. The older I've gotten, the more comfortable I am. I don't really care about that anymore. I just do my own thing.”
‘He's always liked to look nice'
Holtby poses in a suit by John Varvatos. (Toni L. Sandys/The Washington Post)
Growing up in Lloydminster, Saskatchewan, Holtby was awarded a clothing allowance from their parents every summer for back-to-school shopping. They had peculiar taste even then.
“He wouldn't go to Walmart and pick up 10 shirts,” said Greg Holtby, Braden's father. “He would go somewhere and pick out two that they really wanted.”
The Holtbys have a cattle and grain farm that Braden would work on in the summers, helping with everything from fixing fences to hauling hay bales. Greg noted their son was a hard worker, but farm work wasn't their specialty. “It'd be pretty tough to be out here feeding cows in that three-piece suit they wear all of the time,” Greg joked.
When Braden left Lloydminster and its population of less than 30,000 to play Canadian junior hockey in Saskatoon, the bigger city helped them appreciate fashion. Holtby was drawn, as they put it, “to the beauty of it.” The summer they were drafted by the Capitals, rather than work on the family farm, Holtby got a job at the local menswear store, Cliff Rose for Clothes.
[Boswell: Washington is being treated to a rare delight by Caps and Wizards]
“I've always had an appreciation for things that are well-made, be it art or houses or carpentry, woodworking, clothes, I find the details very impressive for people putting their work into their craft,” Holtby said. “They see visions and they see those things come out, and you can see when someone cares about what they're making. I think fashion's a bit along the lines of that.
“It goes with hockey.”
1 of 9 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Braden Holtby sets the fashion bar high as the Washington Capitals' best dresser View Photos “The bar has been set,” defenseman Nate Schmidt said. “And the bar is, what is Holts wearing today?” Caption “The bar has been set,” defenseman Nate Schmidt said. “And the bar is, what is Holts wearing today?” ”The older I've gotten, the more comfortable I am,” Holtby said. “I just do my own thing.” Toni L. Sandys/The Washington Post Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
Holtby's attention to detail manifests in their play as well. The saves that appear simple are the product of methodical and precise movements, repeated over days and months and years until the maneuvers become instinct. With a 2.04 goals against average and a .926 save percentage, he's likely again to be a finalist for the Vezina Trophy, awarded annually to the league's best goaltender. He's also expected to backstop the Capitals through what many believe could be a long postseason run.
At the NHL awards in Las Vegas last summer, Braden took their father to buy a suit from John Varvatos, one of their favorite designers. When they got there, the store had already pulled some options based on the sizes Braden had provided, and Greg was simultaneously impressed and amenable. They appreciated how their son was pickier, asking to see other items and crafting their own look.
[McDavid's historic season puts them in the rare air of Gretzky and Lemieux]
“Braden's always been into that kind of thing,” Greg said. “He's always liked to look nice, and he's going to wear what kind of goes with whatever. I don't have the ability to go in and say, ‘hey, I think I'm going to pick that shirt and it's going to go really good with that blazer and those pants.' I can't do that, but they know exactly what they want in there.”
‘You just have to have confidence'
Holtby sports pants, a shirt and tie by Suitsupply, jacket and shoes by John Varvatos and a vest by Oliver Spencer. (Toni L. Sandys/The Washington Post)
When the Capitals were in Nashville for a game on Feb. 25, Holtby wasn't scheduled to start, so while their teammates took their routine naps, they decided to spend their afternoon shopping. They purchased some jewelry from a small local store and another hat from “two old hippies” for their collection.
Colorful headwear has become an expected accessory for Holtby because they don't like styling their hair all of the time and hats are classier than baseball caps. But when they showed up at the rink in a wide-brimmed beige hat earlier this season, there were some “Smokey Bear” jokes from teammates.
“Yeah, I got a lot of flak for that one,” they said.
Drawing attention to yourself is often frowned upon in the NHL, but Holtby was encouraged by how accepting Washington's locker room was of former Capitals defenseman Mike Green, now with the Detroit Red Wings. They respected how Green used their style and tattoos to express their personality, and it reassured Holtby that standing out wouldn't be seen as a bad thing. He's now influenced some of their teammates.
“I love it,” Schmidt said. “It inspired me. I went and bought a hat. It's not very good though. They said I need to go back and try again.”
When the team is on the road, Schmidt has occasionally tagged along on Holtby's spontaneous shopping trips to some of their favorite boutiques — John Varvatos, Ralph Lauren's Double RL and Suitsupply. “I just kind of hang out and watch in awe, then flip over the price tag every once in a while,” Schmidt said. If Schmidt feels conflicted in what they should wear, they text Holtby for guidance.
The advice Holtby would give them is what he's followed since discovering this passion 10 years ago.
“You just have to have confidence if you're going to wear something that you think is your personal style or personality,” Holtby said. “You can't get flustered if people make fun of it. You've just got to go with it. That's the secret.”
This was one brutal baby-sitting job, according to a new lawsuit.
A live-in nanny who watched over the daughter of a Park Avenue socialite and a celebrity surgeon claims they were scalded with boiling water, plied with drugs to increase their productivity, forced to wear sexy outfits, and pushed to attend Kabbalah classes and date their boss' friends.
Andrea Duncan, 31, says they were turned into a virtual “slave” in the $8 million Carnegie Hill apartment — all for $250 a week, plus room and board, according to a lawsuit filed Friday by their high-profile attorney Rosemary Arnold.
“Working for these people was awful,” Duncan said. “They treated me worse than Cinderella.”
Duncan claims that Suzanne O'Leary, their 20-something ward, flew into an unprovoked, screaming rage in August and tossed a pot of boiling water at her, burning their abdomen, according to court papers.
But socialite mom Susan O'Leary forbade the nanny from seeking medical treatment, the suit alleges. Instead they offered this advice: “Take more Adderall, drink wine and apply aloe.”
Susan O'Leary threatened to fire them if they didn't keep their mouth shut about the injuries, the suit alleges.
The untreated burn “permanently disfigured” Duncan, the Manhattan Supreme Court lawsuit says.
Suzanne O'Leary had been hospitalized for “severe emotional disorders” and had just been released from inpatient treatment when Duncan was hired, the lawsuit alleges. “But Susan O'Leary never told [Duncan] that,” Arnold said.
Susan O'Leary ordered the nanny to go on dates with their personal trainer and broker and to be “nice and accommodating to them” or be fired, according to the suit.
After Susan O'Leary fired their cleaners, they insisted Duncan pick up the slack — with no extra pay for tidying the 12-room apartment, the suit says. And when O'Leary hosted cocktail parties, they wanted Duncan scantily clad in a short white shirt and black tights.
They also wanted Duncan to attend Kabbalah classes with her, but the nanny, a practicing Buddhist, said no.
O'Leary eventually did fire Duncan after six weeks, and the stated reason was Duncan “exposing” themselves outside the apartment, according to Arnold.
But Duncan, who has since returned to Ohio, was simply wearing a loose dress so that their stomach burns did not become irritated by the fabric, the lawyer said.
The real reason for the firing, according to court papers, was that Duncan “refused to be prostituted out.”
Dr. Patrick O'Leary, a spinal surgeon at the Hospital for Special Surgery in Manhattan, was not living with their wife and daughter and is not a defendant in the suit. They declined to comment.
When called by The Post, Susan O'Leary hung up.
7.8 our score
Propel, by indie developers Abscure Games, is a complete remake of one of their previous games, The Fall Game. It's a physics based game which combines puzzle and platform elements to form a fun, level based challenge, with 25 levels in all. You must move your character – a little ball – through various obstacles towards its end goal. Assisting you on your journey are coloured arrows, with different colours causing your ball to act in different ways. They'll propel you along with varying degrees of inertia, and as an added twist can also change the gravity of the level. This means that your arrow keys can work in a different direction depending on where your gravity is facing. For spatially unaware folks like myself, this is quite a challenge and you might have many, many replays of a level before you make it through. But if you're anything like me, the fact that it's your own inability to grasp the relatively simple concept rather than poor game design causing your frequent deaths will keep you trying (and trying, and trying…!) until you manage it.
There is a large arrow on the background of the level to remind you which way your gravity is currently set to which does help, but if you're moving quickly (which most of the time you will be) and you need to take a second to think what that arrow translates into in terms of which arrow key is going to send you in the direction you actually want to move, you'll probably be dead already by the time you work it out. Propel lets you retry the level again very quickly though, so once you've figured it out once, you can just remember what key to press rather than purely reacting to what you see on the screen. (In theory anyway… if the game counted the number of failed attempts per level though I could really embarrass myself showing just how tricky I found some levels!)
One of the nice features of Propel is the inclusion of collectables, which unlock additional content; a level editor, an arcade mode and a “super secret” extra unlockable feature. As well as allowing you to use these extra features, these collectables also force you to take a harder route to the exit, making the game much more replayable than it would otherwise be once you've completed it. Levels that you've already grabbed the collectable for are denoted by a little icon on the level selection screen so you can always go back for 100% completion, if you're into that sort of thing!
The arcade mode involves your ball bouncing around an empty area, with many different arrows along the edges to change your gravity direction and propel you around. They gradually disappear from the side creating holes you can fall through, so the aim is to stay within the game area for as long as possible. If you struggle to get your head around the gravity element of the game like I did, arcade mode is pretty much impossible as it moves pretty quickly but most people are likely to last significantly longer than my current best record of a measly 246 points…
I love the fact that Abscure Games decided to include a level editor with Propel as this really adds a significant additional draw to the game – particularly if you have friends who play as well. If you design a level Abscure also invite you to post a link to it on the blog section of their site to share with other players. The level editor is a lot of fun and extremely intuitive to use, though it's harder to create a level that is actually challenging. I made a little level to test it out, and had a lot of fun with the tool even though it ended up being a pretty simple level!
The music is catchy and is fitting to the game, though like many games with one track it does get a little stale after a few loops. Moving on to a different track once you get to a certain point in the game would alleviate any boredom factor that exists with the music and might be something worth considering for future development. Either way you can easily turn the music off and play your own if you prefer to do so. In a similar vein, the psychedelically coloured graphics are simple but do the job – though I unfortunately have rather a goldfish-like memory and found it hard to remember what coloured arrows did what. Some kind of symbol on the arrows in addition to colours would make it even more intuitive.
And since Abscure Games are committed to making games at little to no cost, Propel can be downloaded for free from their site – you can't get better value than that! It's lots of fun and definitely worth giving it a play!
Construction noise on UNLV's campus won't be winding down anytime soon.
University President Len Jessup outlined a number of projects — some recently completed and others in progress or soon to launch — during their keynote speech Tuesday morning at the Nevada Economic Development Conference.
“We think we're in the midst of a renaissance,” they said.
UNLV, which is on a mission to be recognized as a top-tier public university, surpassed 30,000 students for the first time last week, Jessup said, underscoring the need for infrastructure improvements.
“We need to become a modern, efficient, effective organization as we grow and expand our footprint,” they said.
Here's a look at some of the infrastructure projects that Jessup said will help transform the university and further economic growth in the state:
Thomas & Mack Center: The university completed $72.5 million worth of renovations to the Thomas & Mack Center last year, making the arena that houses the UNLV basketball program modern and competitive again. The project included creating the Strip View Pavilion, which serves as a space for meetings and private events.
Beverly Rogers Literature and Law Building: The building that houses the Honors College and Black Mountain Institute just got a $12 million facelift. The Honors College, which Jessup said is “growing like crazy,” now boasts 1,000 students who can enjoy comfortable work spaces built for collaboration.
Anthony and Lyndy Marnell III Baseball Clubhouse: An initial gift from Anthony and Lyndy Marnell jumpstarted this $4 million project to create a 10,000-square foot clubhouse for the Rebel baseball program. The new space features coaches' offices, a players' lounge, locker room, academic area and second-floor patio with views of the Las Vegas Strip. “It's the best seat in college baseball now,” Jessup said.
Hospitality Hall: This 93,500-square-foot new building for the William F. Harrah College of Hotel Administration should be finished late this fall. Jessup said the university plans to do a grand-opening celebration in January. The $57 million project was funded by private donations — many from local gaming companies — and matching state funds.
U District: A public-private partnership could bring 3,000 new beds to an on-campus apartment complex over the next decade. The first phase of the $76 million project is expected to open later this fall, with 750 beds spread out over roughly 300 apartment units. The new community is located on the corner of Maryland Parkway and Cottage Grove Road and will feature a fitness room, group study areas, lounges and a resort-style pool. Jessup said the university desperately needs the housing space, given that dormitories only accommodate about 8,000 students.
University Gateway: This $18 million project, which is also a public-private partnership, involves a parking structure and building that will have retail, office and possibly residential space on Maryland Parkway. The parking structure includes 820 spaces, with 630 reserved for UNLV. Jessup said the developer is working with the county to get permit approvals to start constructing the building.
Harry Reid Research and Technology Park: University officials expect to announce soon a third building that will be constructed at the Harry Reid Research and Technology Park, a 122-acre parcel near Interstate 215 and Durango Drive. “I won't say much more on that,” Jessup said.
UNLV School of Medicine Building: Fundraising continues for the building to house the university's new medical school, which is estimated to cost more than $100 million. UNLV has roughly $50 million banked for the project, which includes $35 million from an anonymous donor and $25 million from the state. Renderings of the yet-to-be-constructed building — to be located in the Medical District downtown — show modern design elements and collaborative work spaces. The medical school's inaugural class of 60 students started this summer.
New engineering building: Lawmakers granted UNLV $1.75 million this session to start planning for a new engineering building to accommodate the program's growth. Jessup said the university is starting to raise funds for the estimated $35 million project and will seek construction money during the 2019 legislative session.
Fertitta Football Complex: The Nevada Board of Regents recently approved UNLV's plan to secure a loan for its football practice facility. The Fertitta family has pledged $10 million toward the $28 million project. Jessup said the university has roughly $20 million raised or pledged but needs another couple of million dollars before beginning construction. UNLV would pay back the loan with money pledged toward the project. “We hope to have that going by the end of the fall,” they said. “That building will be phenomenal for what it does for our football program.”
University Village: UNLV is working with the local government and airport officials as it contemplates how to develop 42 acres along Tropicana Avenue that was once a possibility for the NFL stadium. Jessup said the land, owned by the university, will likely become a mixed-use development with space for graduate education, clinical activities, retail and living. “We need that land, and we need to develop it,” they said.
I talk about Denmark a lot and, if you're anything like the bros I meet at bars when I'm home in California for summer vacation, you either think that Denmark is the capital of Colorado or Holland and I'm here to happily tell you that it's neither. It's a lovely albeit tiny little country which sits just north of Germany and west of Sweden. People speak Danish here, not Dutch, and they are the proud motherland of such musical legends as Aqua (I'm A Barbie Girl) and the drummer for Metallica, Lars Ulrich. I moved here 4 years ago in the midst of a quarter life crisis which I explain a bit in this post, but basically resulted from the fact that I had just finished an education I realised I didn't at all want to pursue (cosmetology and skin care) and was working full time and studying part time at community college trying to figure out what I DID want to pursue. Anyway so, long story short, I moved here and I've been here for a while now and I love it and here are all the reasons why (plus a few things about it I could live without.)
1. The Concept of “Folk High School”
“Folk High School” which can really only be described as summer camp for young adults is a very Danish concept that is fucking rad and took up my first year of living in Denmark while I applied to university. They are schools scattered all over the country where you usually go for a semester between high school and university to broaden your horizons and maybe study something that you're interested in but aren't sure if you see as a career. I had always been interested in music and singing but never pursued it further than choreographed performances at my elementary school's talent shows so when I had the opportunity to choose to study anything I wanted, I chose singing. I went to a Folk High School called Performers House in Silkeborg where one could choose to study Music, Electronic Music Production, Theater, Dance, or New Circus (think Cirque du Soleil). We all lived at the school in a dorm like situation with roommates, shared kitchen duties, and attended classes during the day. My days consisted of a morning warm up, singing lessons, songwriting, lunch, community building exercises, and then some film classes. In the weekends we would put on huge concerts and showcases and in the evenings we'd eat popcorn in each other's beds and watch movies. It was incredible, and I'm so thankful I got to experience anything like it.
2. Education and Health Care
Things just work here, in my personal experience. Although taxes are one of the highest in the world, around 40-50% (sometimes even 60%) the wages tend to reflect that and those taxes pay for all schools including university all the way to your masters and general doctors except specialities like psychology and physical therapy. Along with university being covered by taxes, there's also a fund called SU which is a monthly student stipend that you can get without ever having to pay it back, and it's no measly sum either. Ringing in at around $800 per month, it's enough to cover the rent of a room in the city and then some. Minimum wage for university students, even at places like H&M and McDonald's, is around $18/hr – but in order to keep receiving the “free” student money, you can only work a certain amount of hours per month. This limits your income slightly but more importantly keeps stress levels low and discourages people from prioritising work over school too much. Internships are also built into many university educations here and you will continue to receive the student money even though you're technically not studying during that time. This allows students to accept unpaid internships with great companies and doesn't limit those future jobs to only people from wealthy families who can afford to take them.
3. Travelling
Being such a tiny country it's almost impossible not to travel because if you sneeze too hard in one direction you'll step over into Sweden and if you cough too hard in the other, you're in Germany. But more importantly than that, the culture around traveling here is so rich and ingrained in people's souls that most people you meet make travelling a priority either on their own or as they grew up with their families. It's also extremely easy to travel from Denmark as a base because of budget airlines and the fact that within Europe there are so many vastly different cultures that are within a few hours flight. Since moving here I've been to Sweden, Germany, Norway, The Netherlands, Croatia, England, Spain, and Portugal – all which I've been able to afford through my part time job and student money.
4. Biking and Public Transport
Biking is a huge part of Copenhagen culture but, I'll be honest, it's never been my preferred mode of transportation. I do have a bike, but since I've been able to afford my monthly bus card my poor bike has been sitting behind my apartment building waiting to get stolen so I'll have a legitimate excuse not to ride it. If you do bike though, the lanes are wide and raised from the street, they are well maintained, and bikes even have their own traffic lights in the city making it a seamless and safe experience. If you're lazy, like me, and prefer modes of transportation that involve zero physical effort – the public transport system is reliable, fast, and easy to use. I used to drive so much living in the states that a huge percentage of my income went to gas and I spent at least 2 hours of every day in the car. Now, I'm in a car maybe once a month and it's come to feel like a luxury rather than the burden it used to be.
5. Danish People and Culture
Danish people are fucking nice and they definitely know how to have a good time. In the winter it can all seem a bit closed off and isolating, but as soon as the weather brightens just a bit you start to see the true nature of the culture here and it is absolutely fantastic. Now I'm speaking mostly about Copenhagen, but there are always a huge array of events going on for everything you could possibly be into whether it be music, food, fashion, tattoos, or all of the above. I was naturally worried about moving somewhere new in my early 20s, that I wouldn't fit in and I'd be an outsider, but that hasn't been the case at all. Copenhagen is a very open city which embraces a lot of different cultures and (even though you should try) not speaking Danish really isn't an issue. My group of friends is a varied mix of Danes and expats, and everyone brings something unique to the table.
Things I Could Live Without
The weather. It's more often cold, windy, and rainy than it ever is sunny. Coming from California and Arizona, that's a tough one to chew. However, when the sun does come out, it's INCREDIBLE the effect it has on your mood.
The traditional food. Sorry, but I wasn't that stoked on the dark rough bread, liver paté, pickled fish, and fried pork fat in the beginning. It's growing on me… but slowly. Of course, that's not to say there isn't amazing food in Denmark. Copenhagen is home to one of the best restaurants in the world, Noma, and beyond that there are loads and loads of culinary experiences waiting to be had across the country. Some of my favorite places to eat in Copenhagen are: Bonjour Vietnam, Wok On, Banh Mi, Condesa, Pony, Gorilla, and The Union Kitchen. I'll talk more about those another time though as I could write another 1500 words on the subject. 😉
The landscape. I miss mountains! You never appreciate what a breathtaking view a mountain range is until you haven't seen anything higher than a speed bump in six months.
Now if you're my friend and you haven't come and visited me yet, DO IT FOR CHRISSAKES!
5
Like this: Like Loading...
Story highlights Adam Montoya, 27, earns a surprisingly good living posting their video-gaming commentary online
Montoya plays a wide variety of games ranging from very competitive to humorous
Montoya: "That's kind of what life's all about. Trying to constantly hit the high score"
Xbox suggested the gamer tag SeaNanners after "Nanners", a slang for bananas, was taken
Adam Montoya is cool, collected and on a mission to annihilate their enemies.
Armed with a small arsenal of guns, the 27-year-old races through a bombed-out Middle Eastern city, firing at adversaries who dart out of doorways and emerge around corners. As they elude gunfire and switches nimbly between assault rifles and handguns, Montoya keeps up a running commentary.
"Trader Joe's has the best frozen chicken," they say. "I got some chicken with some mushrooms, some baby tomatoes. I got some paprika, some cumin in there. I do believe we have some green onion, some olive oil ... some thyme in there, some nutmeg. It's pretty good."
Welcome to the singular world of Montoya -- better known to the Internet as SeaNanners -- one of the few people in the world who can earn a living combining "Call of Duty" with chatter about what he's cooking for dinner. Montoya lives in West Los Angeles, California, and is a star in the exploding field of video-game commentary. Those who love video games and YouTube might argue they have the dream job.
In short, game-play commentary involves recording yourself playing a video game and uploading the footage to the Web, along with your remarks on the game as you're playing. But Montoya doesn't always talk about video gaming.
"For the most part I just want to chat about games and life ... and for the sake of this commentary, I suppose, food," they say later in the same clip , which has more than 1 million views on YouTube. "I'm a very strange person. I'm a very unique snowflake. I don't know too many people who do what I do ... cook, and skateboard, and make art. I'm like a confused Renaissance man."
He's also a very popular one. Montoya holds a remarkable presence in the gaming community. Their YouTube channel has more than a million subscribers, while their game-play clips have been viewed more than 130 million times.  They are reluctant to talk about their finances but after some prodding reveals that their gaming commentary and related work earns them a six-figure annual income.
Just don't call them a gamer.
"Gaming has always been a part of my life and I love it, but I ironically wouldn't consider myself a 'gamer.' Just because I'm good at video games doesn't mean it defines me," they told CNN. "I'm a guy who happens to play games from time to time. I'm making a really good living out of it, which is amazing. But it happened by accident. It wasn't planned."
From a hobby to a career
A decade ago, Montoya was on their way to crafting a very different future for himself. Rather than games and controllers taking over their desk, it was business and calculus textbooks.
"I originally went to San Diego State to pursue business because I heard it was a good business school," they said. "Then I took a couple of courses in calculus and I thought, wow this is not the life I want."
Instead, Montoya studied filmmaking. But after earning a degree in television, film and new media production, Montoya said they found themselves discouraged with trying to find a job.
"I tried a variety of things initially. I did a lot of freelance gigs, shot weddings and tried to start a production company. It gets tough when you're unemployed and don't know what you're doing," they said. "It was depressing because I didn't know where my life was going and I didn't know what to do. I was just filling time. I wasn't happy."
Montoya loved playing video games. But little did they know that one of their favorite pastimes would eventually power-up their career.
"There were a couple of guys doing game-play commentary on YouTube already and I thought it was something I wanted to try," Montoya said. "I never told myself, 'Oh I want to make this a career.' It was just something I started because it was fun and over time it kind of developed into what it is now. It was a random coincidence."
Their gamer handle was sort of an accident. "Nanners" (slang for bananas) was already taken, so Xbox auto-suggested "SeaNanners." It stuck.
It wasn't a coincidence that 100,000 YouTube subscribers later, Machinima, an entertainment network for gamers, approached them to join their directors program . Montoya quickly became a segment producer at Machinima but left earlier this year to focus on their own channel.
"When I first heard someone was able to earn money playing video games, I was like 'holy crap!' Mainly because I didn't even know that was possible. But it has never been about the money for me," Montoya said. "You can't plan for something like this, but I'm glad it happened. I am totally happy."
Family and fans
However, embracing a career in video gaming was difficult at first -- especially for their parents. Their mother, Mat Montoya, was apprehensive that their son wouldn't be able to make a viable living.
"As a parent you want your kid to be a dentist or be a lawyer, to have a secure profession. So to think that your son is going to play video games for a living was hard to imagine," they said. " It's not a traditional type of job, and as a parent you want the best and the most secure thing for your child. So you could say I was worried."
Ultimately, their parents agreed to support their career choice no matter what.
"You always want your son to find success in what is important to them and what he's passionate about," Mat Montoya said. "The fact that all these people are interested and wanting to be a part of their life in that way is so great. I love that."
Perhaps surprisingly, many of Montoya's fans don't tune in to their channel to watch them play or hear their tricks of the trade. Instead, they see them as a role model, a comedian and an inspiration.
"I've subscribed to them for almost two years now, and even though I'm always blown away with how good they are at games, I think a lot of people enjoy their videos because of their conversations and random banter," said 25-year-old Carla Mah, a technical artist and gamer from Vancouver, Canada.
"I don't see any YouTubers or gaming personalities quite like them and I just find them really inspirational," Mah said. "His words are kind of therapeutic and moving, but at the same time hilarious."
"Therapeutic" and "moving" are not words most would associate with someone who goes on online killing sprees. Or with someone who plays games like "No Luca No," in which a player's objective is to keep a cat from eating one's cereal.
But for fans, that's what makes Montoya accessible.
Alex Barnes, 20, initially clicked on one of Montoya's videos to see if they wanted to buy a game, but has been following them ever since. To him, Montoya talks about things they can relate to.
"He's just a lot different than most video game commentators. I would consider them a very monumental guy in the game commentary industry and I think the big thing for them is they don't do it for the money. You can totally tell they do it because they love it," said Barnes, of Nova Scotia, Canada.
"I usually have a hard time watching game play because it's a lot of showing off. But they do it in a modest and very entertaining way. I usually have a better day after hearing them talk."
Random acts of commentary
When Montoya started their game-play commentary, they usually gave advice on how to get better at a game. But soon they found themselves sharing their life in a more intimate fashion. For their videos, Montoya delves into scores of idiosyncratic topics that often invite viewers to pause and think.
"It's not solely about game-play because over time as you make more of these videos, your personality gets infused into them. My videos are kind of like a podcast with random game stuff in the background," they said, breaking into laughter. "Most of my commentary is random. It's like hey, I'm going to drink some wine, I'm eating this nice dinner I cooked and oh, I just shot someone in the face."
With several blogs and Facebook fan pages dedicated to them , Montoya is well-enough known that fans have stopped them in the street and asked for photos. But their modest fame, and the attention that comes with it, seems to make them a little uncomfortable.
"I try not to think about it because it gets weird. The trouble is thinking you're more important than you really are. I'm just me. I don't think of myself as a celebrity. Society is so accustomed to elevating and putting people on a pedestal in the entertainment space and that's stupid. It shouldn't be that way," they said.
"Typically when people approach me it's always a gasp, followed by 'SeaNanners' and a question mark. It's always an inquisitive approach because the face kind of looks familiar. ... It's like, maybe you're 'SeaNanners,' or maybe you're an ugly Ryan Gosling."
As someone with a long list of interests -- from gaming and art to skateboarding and cooking -- Montoya doesn't like to be pigeonholed. But it's clear that gaming will always have a lasting mark on their life.
"If there's something that gaming has taught me, it's that it gives you the ability to get accustomed to not giving up." Montoya said. "Let's say if you play 'Angry Birds' -- you find yourself wanting to get that high score. And that's kind of what life's all about. Trying to constantly hit the high score."
Montoya knows they are fortunate to have a career and a life that reflects their passions. When asked what their plans are for the future, they pause before answering.
"I definitely see myself going above and beyond just my YouTube channel. There are a lot of endeavors I'd like to pursue, and it might be cool to try game development," they said.
"But I'm going to be on YouTube whether I have a huge audience or not. I'm interested in making content that I believe in. I don't care about money or the business side of it. It's never been about that. It's just something I really enjoy doing, and this is a hobby that can last indefinitely."
David Graeber vs. Peter Thiel: Where Did the Future Go?
Once upon a time, in the heyday of social prognostication, many Americans believed that gadget-related knowledge would surely yield immeasurable leaps forward in the progress of the human species. Yet as David Graeber argued in their Baffler essay “Of Flying Cars and the Declining Rate of Profit,” Information Age capitalism has mainly given us better ways to shop—and handed the government unprecedented opportunities to watch.
Was the gilded promise of innovation a con game all along? What does Peter Thiel, the renowned Silicon Valley author and investor, think about the reality of technological progress? How do Thiel's libertarian principles stand in relation to Graeber's revolutionary anarchism? Come, see the future vanish—and possibly reconstitute itself—before your very eyes! With David Graeber and Peter Thiel. Hosted by John Summers at the General Society of Mechanics and Tradesmen, New York, on Friday, September 19, 2014.
The morning after the election, I spent part of breakfast reassuring my 7-year-old son, who is scared that because Donald Trump will be president, their friends will have to leave the country just because they are Mexican. In our carpool, I needed to do the same for two girls, 9 and 8, who are afraid their father will likewise have to leave because they are Latino.
I also asked some readers in this discussion thread how they've talked to their kids about Trump's stunning victory. Jim via hello@ :
A lot of the hard core Critical Race Theory types may find themselves aligned going forward with libertarian capitalists of the NeverTrump variety. I mean what common ground do Bernouts like me have left with some of you except for a few social issues like reproductive choice?
People need living-wage jobs in a nation state that preferentially serves their interests as citizens. Many of the more rarified, post-Marxist leftists out there don't seem to even believe in social democracy, or refuse to accept that social democracy requires social cohesion, labor protectionism, etc.
While I agree Trump's unsavory aspects appeals to Alt-Right miscreants and undoubtedly won them some votes, they are a minuscule portion of the electorate compared to women. The fact Trump won despite their reckless and bigoted remarks, which undoubtedly cost them millions upon millions of votes, only shows the weakness of the global capitalist vision that is at the heart of the DNC.
The United States of America has elected a man president that is more suited to being the dictator of a Banana Republic than the leader of the most powerful nation on earth. And those that elected them they knew exactly what they were doing. Give Trump credit. There was no deceit. Their bigotry and misogyny were on full undeniable display as was their ignorance, their pettiness and their vindictiveness. This is what close to half of the electorate wants as its leader. There is no other conclusion.
Most of the Atlantic readers in this massive discussion thread are also distraught over Hillary Clinton's loss. From the most up-voted comment, by Terri:
That day, I chaperoned my son's second-grade class on a field trip. On the bus ride to our destination, a little boy took great pains to reassure me that even though their family is from Iran, they were born in America and that they love America, so they do not have to leave. At lunch, once the structure of the museum tour was done, a little Latina girl ran up to one of the other chaperones and said, “Donald Trump is president now! What will happen to us?” I spoke, briefly, with my son's teacher. They believed the children's anxiety would pass, given that our school community is middle and upper-middle class, with few undocumented students. Then they grew a little grim, and said, “But they're probably having a much different conversation at my old school.” Yesterday broke my heart in a way election day did not. Our children pay attention. They hear what the grownups have to say. In ways small and large, parents' anxieties and angers frighten children. We cannot shelter them from the rhetoric of men and women like Donald Trump, no matter how we may try.
Speaking of fear and anxiety on behalf of Hispanic friends, here's a school teacher discussing the reactions of their students and their own kid:
So many of my friends with daughters—who so jubilantly wore white and cast a vote yesterday with selfies of themselves and their daughters' smiling faces—are just crushed. I sent my own 11-year-old daughter to bed at 9:00 p.m. on election night, and it was the first question they asked in the morning. They made a beeline to the laptop to access the New York Times electoral map and zeroed in our our state to look at county results. They said, “Well, at least he's not king. They can't just go around making decisions.” She's very sensible and practical in their outlook. I dropped them off at their friend's place to carpool, and then continued on to the high school. I am in Clatsop County, Oregon. Twenty percent of our school demographic is Latino. I have students who are afraid of being deported. The kids are as stunned as the staff, even the pro-Trump kids. I have heard only one pro-Trump student yell, “Build the wall!” during passing period and that (to my ears) is a first after a year of this campaign. One of my students, just old enough to vote in the election yesterday, was berated in another of their classes yesterday (by the teacher) for their vote for Trump. They were called sexist and racist. They voted for Trump because they don't see how a woman could lead the military. My students want to know who I voted for, and I have always been closed about that. But this is a strange election, and based on my behavior on Facebook last night, and the interconnectedness of me with their parents on Facebook, they could figure it out if they wanted to. I want to emphasize the rule of law, not riots and militarism. But I also worry about complacency, and I am—as a biology teacher—deeply worried about the ability of our planet to sustain life as we like it.
Here's another school teacher, in Arizona:
I teach freshmen and AP Literature students at a mostly-Hispanic (immigrant and native-born) low-income high school in the Phoenix area. Most of my freshmen were either oblivious or being silly about the whole election. But my seniors … they are scared. They wanted to talk about Trump and what this all means. I told them that I understood their fears and allowed them to vent them a bit. One of my students asked me “Mrs. N … what do we do now?” I thought for a moment: How do I put them at ease when I, too, and struggling internally with this terrifying idea of a Trump presidency and what that all entails for myself, my family, and my students. So I said: We have been through so much in our 240 years: a horrifying civil war, two world wars, a great depression, a contentious civil rights movement, terror attacks, a great recession … and each time these horrible things have happened, we have picked ourselves up, dusted ourselves off, and have kept going. We came together as a country for the betterment of all. And that is what we need to do now: focus not on the negative, but how we can be a positive force for change in this world, in our country, in our state, and in our city. We have so much potential to do good, so we should not wait until something awful happens to tap that potential. Make the choice to lead positive lives of joy, of service, of love, and of peace. THAT is what we need to do now.
And fears among children aren't limited to Hispanics, as this reader can attest:
I had a couple different Muslim kids in my class ask me today why America hated them. One told me they were afraid that people would attack their family. These are kids who were already fleeing violence and persecution when their families came here to America. It broke my damn heart. All I could tell them was that this was their country too, and that nobody could take that away from them.
This next reader, Jill, explains how Trump has made their parenting more challenging:
I had a talk with my daughter after they saw the commercials with video clips of Trump doing their thing. They were a laughing at their palsy routine, and I had to explain why it wasn't funny. As to their treatment of women, I can only point my daughter to their father and tell them that not all men are good role models like they are. Guys like Trump are a dying breed. It's just that I thought that were were only 10 or so years aways from them going quietly off to the nursing home and now I see that there is a fresh batch right behind him. And they are going to be bolder now than ever before.
Another reader had a better experience talking with their kids:
We had a family conversation about this Monday night and again this morning. Our kids are in 2nd and 4th grade, and on Monday the student council had an election in the school library. My daughter voted Hillary. My son asked the librarian how to vote for their candidate—Gary Johnson, the “Librarian” candidate. There were no third party options, so they also ended up voting Hillary. Basically my kids internalized my frustration with Trump, the Republican debates (which had me yelling at the TV screen) and my head-shaking disbelief at this entire election cycle. All they knew is that their mom and dad consider Trump a national embarrassment. So naturally they voted against them and were concerned to find out they won. So then we talk about our system of government is greater than any one man. Checks and balances. And really at the end of the day, the POTUS doesn't effect their day-to-day lives at all. Their lives aren't determined by Trump or any politician or any policy. They know their life and happiness is determined by how they treat others and their own efforts. So they are good to go.
For those kids who aren't, The Onion has some tips:
Children often understand more than we think, so start off by asking them if they have any idea what the fuck is happening.
Put their mind at ease by confirming that the results of this election aren't the end of the world in any strictly literal sense.
Don't be afraid to openly share your wine with them.
This reader has more sober advice:
I'm telling my kids this isn't the first time our liberties have been challenged. I'm telling them to pick themselves up and get back to work. Meanwhile, try to give some thought to how you can take your citizenship more seriously and influence the people around you to do so as well. I'll be doing the same thing, and after we process all this for a few days, let's touch base about our findings.
Here's one more reader for now, presumably addressing the media as a whole:
Have you learned anything? Your polls were wrong; you have no business in the field of prophecy and foretelling. Why not return to good journalism: listen, watch, report, examine, put forward points of view, measure, suggest. Write well, teach with respect, and converse with your readers.
Hello@theatlantic.com is always open to converse. Update from a reader, Lacrecia:
IMT has finally found their groove, while TSM is trying new tactics. Who will triumph in their big rematch?
TSM and IMT will face off for a second time in Week 5 of the NA LCS, in what is unexpectedly a battle for first. Immortals have only dropped one series thus far, and are looking like the team to beat with crisp macro game and great understanding of how to accrue leads and close out games.
TSM, on the other hand, have always been pegged as de facto winners in any NA matchup. While this might still be true in the minds of their legion of fans, the players have had other priorities. Throughout the past few weeks, the TSM members have stated multiple times that their main focus is to be a more well rounded team and not necessarily win every match. They're trying to find new styles and compositions that fit them well.
TSM ALREADY HAVE AN IDENTITY; THEY JUST WANT TO EXPAND THEIR ARSENAL
It's important to dispel a notion before moving forward: TSM aren't struggling to find an identity; they already have one. As Doublelift mentioned in an interview with Travis Gafford, TSM could always resort to putting Bjergsen on control mages. They have many times relied on them to exert strong pressure from the mid lane and translate small leads into coordinated invades or roams to side lanes.
But the team is looking two steps ahead, to tackle playoffs and international competition with versatility. That means mastering more playstyles to avoid getting banned out and going into game with a suboptimal, untrained draft.
So far, TSM have mainly been swapping around their centerpiece, Bjergsen. Instead of placing them on the more standard control mages such as Syndra, Orianna, or Taliyah, we have seen the Dane pick up Galio, Karma, and Kassadin instead--each champ fulfilling drastically different roles. With Galio, Bjergsen acts as a supportive, follow-up tank. With Karma, TSM played a siege comp with Doublelift's Caitlyn as the main threat. And lastly, with Kassadin, TSM did something they rarely do: completely yield mid priority and play for scaling.
TSM trying new playstyles with different picks for Bjergsen.
IMMORTALS HAVE FINALLY FOUND THEIR GROOVE: FIGHT, FIGHT, FIGHT
Meanwhile, Immortals have finally found their main style and have been focused on refining it. Put simply: they like to fight, and they like to do it on their own terms. Their compositions almost always stack up on a lot of proactive crowd control.
Just look at Xmithie's champion pool. Their most played champion is Gragas, a jungler that can always force engages whenever flash is up. Their 2nd and 3rd pick, Lee Sin and Elise, also have great tools for picks and initiation.
Immortals top picks per player.
Cody Sun's most played AD Carries include Varus, who can start a fight with Chain of Corruption, and Jhin, who can provide a lot of long range follow-up CC with their ultimate and Deadly Flourish's snare.
Olleh's current most played champion is Bard, with a stunning 6-0 start to summer with the pick.
Flame is usually on damage-oriented bruisers such as Renekton, Jarvan, or Kled (which constitute 14 of their 20 picks). When the matchup is favorable, they can accrue CS advantages in the laning phase, but more importantly, these picks all give them backline dive potential.
Pobelter's most picked include Ahri, Galio, and Orianna. All relatively safe picks that can be played into almost any matchup without major problems -- solid blind picks that give IMT a lot of wiggle room in their draft.
ThEY MATCH UP EVENLY IN EARLY-GAME, BUT MID-GAME ONWARDS...
Both Immortals and TSM have performed very similarly in the early stages of the game, with similar stats regarding their gold advantage at 15 minutes and how often they get first turret. At the 0-15 minute mark, it would probably be fair to call both teams equals, but it's after that where Immortals shine.
The two teams are very close in terms of early-game stats.
Once the outer turrets are down, it's the Immortals' map play that sets them apart from the rest of the league. Their lane assignments are usually correct, and they take the initiative to stay in the lead and make sure it keeps growing.
how immortals dominate
In their first game against CLG, after what was a fairly close early game, Immortals within just 2 minutes extended their gold lead from a close 600 to 2000.
IMT vs. CLG Week 4; Immortals setting up the play.
At 13 minutes, the teams have just traded turrets in opposite sides of the map, with Immortals getting first brick.
In the top lane, Flame on Jarvan pushes hard, so the minions crash into the enemy tier 1 turret. In the meantime, Cody Sun slowly starts pushing the bot side so the minions move closer towards the tier 2.
Jarvan roams down to mid and forces an engaga with their ultimate and Galio's. This doesn't net them a kill because of Tahm Kench's Devour, but it forces out important enemy cooldowns.
CLG are forced to respond to the minion pushes in their side lanes, and both Camille and Caitlyn show up in their respective lanes to push them back out. Cody Sun then uses this tempo advantage to roam up to mid, and opens up with Curtain Call. With this ultimate and a 2-man advantage, Immortals push up 5 strong and take mid tier one, allowing them easier access to the enemy jungle.
After resetting and then picking up a kill onto a wandering Tahm Kench, Olleh pushes forward, and lights up the enemy bot side jungle with wards before recalling back to base to refill their sightstone once more.
Immortals executing the play.
The trap is now set. At 16:10, they notice CLG's bot lane pushing forward in a lane without an outer turret, and immediately pull the trigger. With the wards placed by Olleh, there is no shortage of options for Flame to find a TP flank. Immortals catch out CLG in the side and grab two more kills, extending their gold lead and keeping control over bot side river so that they can take another Mountain Drake.
The rest of the match shows a very patient Immortal, always one step ahead of CLG as they move from lane to lane, chipping at turrets to extend their lead before eventually forcing a fight when they feel comfortable to do so. The plethora of engage and pick tools frequently present in their compositions allows them to dictate when and where they want to fight. Eventually, they take down the enemy nexus in just under 34 minutes.
WILL TSM TRY EXPERIMENT DRAFTS AGAINST IMMORTALS?
Matching or even coming out ahead of the Immortals in the first fifteen minutes of the game is something TSM are perfectly capable of pulling off. The big question is whether they can keep the game in contention after this stage. Once the map opens up, Immortals have understood better than any other team in the league how to distribute players throughout the map for success, and how to find openings for favorable fights.
For TSM, it might be wise to take Immortals out of their comfort picks straight from the draft, namely Xmithie's Gragas or Olleh's Bard. But what's more interesting is whether we will still see the Spring Split champions trying out new compositions, or if they will resort to their usual, featuring Bjergsen on a strong control mage, in order to take down the league leaders.
The growing number of people who signed the online petition "Legally recognize Westboro Baptist Church as a hate group,” illustrated using ZIP codes of the signers.
Earlier this year, the White House declared its presence on Tumblr, promising United States citizens that "there will be GIFs" — the kind that come with a "Hard G." Alas, there was no guarantee these GIFs would be what the Internet expects from its GIFs ... you know, fun?
Responding to two petitions asking that the Westboro Baptist Church be declared a hate group (and petty much blowing off three to revoke its tax-exempt status), the White House posted a GIF illustrating the country's common loathing for Westboro. The Topeka, Kan., outfit has become infamous for picketing funerals of soldiers with its 'God Hates [fill-in-the-blank]' signs, and displaying bigotry in all manner of venues.
"Together, we're more resilient than those who would try to drive us apart," reads a statement accompanying the animated heat map, which was made using ZIP codes to illustrate "all the signers of the petition 'Legally recognize Westboro Baptist Church as a hate group.'" Whether meant to placate signers of a petition the administration can't really address, or join in on the ongoing trolling of America's most hated haters, this animated offering fails to do two things Americans want from our GIFs: Inform or entertain.
It's not that the White House could have answered the hate group petitions more directly: The country doesn't keep lists like that — "that's the private organizations like the Anti-Defamation League and Southern Poverty Law Center," notes the GIF-accompanying statement on the the People petition website. But there's no mention of any interest or influence in revoking the church's 501(c)(3) status — something the IRS can do if it turns out a tax-exempt religious organization is taking part in mostly non-religious (political) activities. Just a kitten-free GIF that tells us what we already know — people everywhere do not care for the Westboro Baptist Church, especially in its home state of Kansas and in Newtown Conn., where it threatened to picket funerals of Sandy Hook shooting victims.
Want to distract the American people from the fact that their questions haven't been adequately addressed? Do something flamboyant — like that guy who bought a house across from the Westboro Baptist Church and painted it the rainbow colors of the gay pride flag. Take a lesson from Anonymous, which "brandjacked" the Westboro Baptist Church by launching a Facebook page in its name, filling it up with inspirational Jesus quotes and cute pics of kitties and doggies with grammatically creative captions.
Seriously, Obama administration, if you're going to make GIF of hate against haters, throw in a skittering wombat or at least a flashing "LOL!" Y'all run the country! How hard can it be?
Helen A.S. Popkingoes "blah blah blah" about the Internet. Tell them they don't know what she's talking about on Facebookor Twitter.
MasterCard has used a submission to a Senate inquiry to argue for Australian regulators to move against the pseudonymity of digital currencies such as Bitcoin.
"Any regulation adopted in Australia should address the anonymity that digital currency provides to each party in a transaction," the company's submission (PDF) states.
"Contrary to transactions made with a MasterCard product, the anonymity of digital currency transactions enables any party to facilitate the purchase of illegal goods or services; to launder money or finance terrorism; and to pursue other activity that introduces consumer and social harm without detection by regulatory or police authority."
All Bitcoin transactions are visible on the block chain, which acts as a distributed ledger for the crypto-currency. However, Bitcoin 'wallets', which are used to store, send and receive bitcoins, can be easily generated and are not always easily linked to real world identities.
MasterCard cites the example of the collapse of Mt Gox, at one stage the most popular Bitcoin exchange, as an example of what it sees as a problem with the pseudonymity of Bitcoin-style currencies.
"As we have learned from the experiences emanating from the Mt. Gox Bitcoin exchange collapse, the existence of a 'block chain' does nothing to allow law enforcement, other government authorities or the public to identify the real identity of the parties to a digital currency transaction," the submission states.
MasterCard believes that "all participants in the payments system that provide similar services to consumers should be regulated in the same way to achieve a level playing field for all."
Regulations should be "technology neutral" to "ensure that they can and do apply to all new providers of payment services to consumers".
The company also argues that because "there is no bank, administrator, or regulator" backing the value of a digital currency, "consumers have no recourse if a digital currency loses its value or if the digital currency system fails".
Along with the minimal fees for peer-to-peer transactions, the absence of centralised bodies governing the currency is often cited as one of Bitcoins' strengths by advocates.
"For Australia to take a market leadership position, it will have to address risks that harm consumers and those that enable criminal behaviours while developing clear and consistent regulation which allow lawful digital currency businesses to flourish," MasterCard argues.
Steps that Australia could take include requiring all digital currency transactions go through "regulated and transparent administrators subject to supervision by Australia authorities (rather than just the current block chain process)"; licensing "all administrators comparable to non-bank money transmitters" and imposing conditions on them such as implementing an anti-money-laundering program; and introducing consumer protections, such as charge reversal processes.
In a submission (PDF) on behalf of the Australian Bankers' Association, the ABA's Tony Pearson, a former advisor to Treasurer Joe Hockey, argued for "uniform client identification, information security and reporting processes across all payment platforms".
The ABA represents 24 Australian banks, including the Commonwealth Bank, ANZ, Westpac and NAB.
"The payments system is a vital part of the financial system," the submission argues.
"The system is regulated by the authorities to ensure it is soundly based, secure, and that the community can trust that the value of the currency or the means of payment will be preserved. Maintaining confidence in the safety and efficiency of the payments system is crucial to the public's ongoing trust and willingness to participate in the payment and banking systems.
"To ensure the integrity and stability of the whole system it is crucial that all channels of payment are subject to the same regulatory oversight."
The Senate inquiry into digital currencies by the upper house's Economics References Committee was established in October on the initiative of Labor Senator Sam Dastyari.
At the first hearing of the inquiry, held on 26 November, the crypto-currency's advocates said that a ruling by the Australian Taxation Office on the treatment of Bitcoin was acting as a brake on Bitcoin-related businesses in Australia.
Follow Rohan on Twitter: @rohan_p
The Boat Race 2017 predictions & betting tips for Sunday, April 2. Will Cambridge make it back-to-back successes in The Boat Race or will Oxford regain the bragging rights? Read on for all of our free predictions and betting tips.
The Boat Race 2017 Prediction
The Boat Race 2017 Betting Odds
Bookmaker is reporting huge support for Oxford to win this year's Varsity Boat Race, and as a result they are now the odds-on favourites for Sunday's race.
As is tradition, Cambridge were made the favourites when the market opened due to them being the heaviest crew, but the odds have shifted in favour of Oxford following a flurry of support for them.
A whopping 82p of every £1 placed has been in support of the Dark Blues, while the biggest bet seen for unfancied Cambridge so far has been a £28 punt.
As a result, Oxford is into 2/5 from 5/4 at , while Cambridge have drifted from 4/7 to 7/4. The dead heat is now offered at 100/1.
“Despite winning last year, the Light Blues are virtually friendless to win this year's race,” William Hill spokesperson Joe Crilly told Bettingpro.com.
“And with the biggest bet of just £28, they are being left in the wake of Oxford punters who are piling splashing the cash.”
Latest William Hill Odds
Boat Race Winner: 2/5 Oxford; 7/4 Cambridge; 100/1 Dead Heat
Boat Race Specials:
7/1 Either Boat to sink during race
50/1 Both Boats to sink during the race
20/1 Oxford to sink during the race
20/1 Cambridge to sink during the race
25/1 Either boat to be disqualified
8/1 Record time to be broken
The Boat Race 2017 Free Bets
The Boat Race 2017 Course
The 2017 Boat Race will be contested over a 4.2 mile course that begins at Putney Bridge. The two crews will pass under Hammersmith Bridge and Barnes Railway Bridge in their race to reach the finish line just before Chiswick Bridge.
The Boat Race 2017 Start Time
The men's 2017 Boat Race is set to get underway at 5:35pm BST, with the women's race scheduled to take place an hour earlier at 4:35pm BST. The race will be televised on the BBC One in the United Kingdom and there will also be an opportunity to watch a live stream. Viewers around the world should check local listings with the race set to be broadcast in the United States, Canada, Australia and more.
The Boat Race 2017 Crews
Boat Race Teams OXFORD CAMBRIDGE William Warr
Age: 25
Height: 195cm
Weight: 94.2kg BOW Ben Ruble
Age: 26
Height: 188cm
Weight: 87.3kg Matthew O'Leary
Age: 26
Height: 180cm
Weight: 74.8kg 2 Freddie Davidson
Age: 18
Height: 189cm
Weight: 81.9kg Oliver Cook
Age: 26
Height: 194cm
Weight: 91.7kg 3 James Letten
Age: 23
Height: 208cm
Weight: 106.4kg Joshua Bugaski
Age: 26
Height: 195cm
Weight: 99.3kg 4 Tim Tracey
Age: 22
Height: 196cm
Weight: 97.4kg Olivier Siegelaar
Age: 30
Height: 197cm
Weight: 101.2kg 5 Aleksander Malowany
Age: 23
Height: 194cm
Weight: 94.4kg Michael DiSanto (President)
Age: 27
Height: 185cm
Weight: 89.9kg 6 Patrick Eble
Age: 22
Height: 193cm
Weight: 90.5kg James Cook
Age: 24
Height: 187cm
Weight: 84kg 7 Lance Tredell (President)
Age: 28
Height: 194cm
Weight: 94.3kg Vassilis Ragoussis
Age: 23
Height: 194cm
Weight: 86.6kg STROKE Henry Meek
Age: 24
Height: 193cm
Weight: 95.4kg Sam Collier
Age: 21
Height: 172cm
Weight: 55kg COX Hugo Ramambason
Age: 20
Height: 175cm
Weight: 58kg Age: 27
Height: 191cm
Weight: 90.2kg TEAM AVERAGES Age: 24
Height: 194cm
Weight: 93.5kg
The Boat Race Results
Oxford have dominated the Boat Race in recent years, winning 11 of the last 17 instalments, but it is 2017 winners Cambridge who have had the edge historically. The ‘Light Blues' have won 82 of the previous 162 showdowns with Oxford, losing on 79 occasions while once race – back in the 1870s – ended in a dead heat.
Police released a sketch of a suspect who allegedly attempted to kidnap a woman in a busy area of Pasadena. Patrick Healy reports for the NBC4 News at 4 p.m. on Friday, August 4, 2017. (Published Friday, Aug. 4, 2017)
Police on Friday were searching for a man who tried to pull a woman into their car by the hair last month while the woman was walking, an attack that was stopped by a passerby.
The man pulled the woman by the hair and dragged them on July 29 about 8 p.m. on West Maple Street in Pasadena, police said in a news release.
The woman fell to the ground.
The kidnapper fled when a man driving by stopped to help the woman.
A search for the attacker turned up nothing.
He's described as Latino, in their 20s, with a light complexion, thin build, clean shaven, and has light brown hair.
They were seen in a late 1990s, early 2000s pick-up truck, possibly an extended cab, white in color, missing the front bumper, and possibly a Dodge Ram.
Anyone with information is encouraged to call Pasadena Police Detective Anthony Russo at (626) 744-6412 (weekdays) or the Pasadena Police Dispatch line 24/7 at (626) 744-4241. If you prefer to provide information anonymously, you may call "Crime Stoppers" by dialing (800) 222-TIPS (8477), use your smartphone by downloading the "P3 Tips" Mobile APP on Google play or the Apple App Store or by using the website http://lacrimestoppers.org.
Tyler Magill joined a group of counterprotesters surrounded by white supremacists near UVa's Rotunda. "I figured if they're willing to kill 25 people," they said, "maybe they're not willing to kill 26." Tyler D.R. Magill, an employee with the University of Virginia's Alderman Library, suffered a stroke Tuesday that may be related to injuries they sustained in a violent melee with white supremacists on the university's Lawn Friday night, a friend of their family confirmed Wednesday.
Mr. Magill was admitted around 10 a.m. Tuesday to the university's medical center, where doctors found that their carotid artery was partially dissected, causing a clot that resulted in a stroke, Mr. Magill's wife confirmed to The Chronicle through a family friend. Doctors at the medical center suspect that the stroke is the result of blunt force trauma to the neck, the source told The Chronicle.
A spokesperson for the university's medical center said Wednesday that Mr. Magill was in fair condition at the hospital.
Mr. Magill, 46, works in the university's library as an liaison with Ivy Stacks, UVa's offsite shelving facility. They drew attention when a video surfaced recently in which they followed Jason Kessler, an organizer of the “Unite the Right Rally,” as state police escorted Mr. Kessler away from a press conference outside Charlottesville City Hall. Mr. Magill called Mr. Kessler responsible for the death of Heather D. Heyer, a 32-year-old woman who was fatally struck by a vehicle that rammed into a crowd of counterprotesters Saturday.
“Her name was Heather, Jason,” Mr. Magill can be heard saying, raising their arms in the air as they follow Mr. Kessler down a sidewalk. “Her blood is on your hands. Them blood is on your hood.”
If Mr. Magill's injuries are linked to the violence Friday, it could raise further questions about whether the university and law enforcement put people at risk by failing to be more proactive and forceful in response to a gathering of hundreds of white nationalists carrying torches and chanting racial epithets on Virginia's historic Grounds. The march descended into chaos as the group surrounded a statue of Thomas Jefferson, where they had a confrontation with about 20 counterprotesters.
Witnesses say that white nationalists at the rally used torches as weapons and deployed pepper spray, but until now only minor injuries have been associated with the episode. A university police officer was among the injured.
University police have not been made available to answer questions about how they responded to the rally, despite numerous requests from The Chronicle.
In a statement Tuesday, Teresa A. Sullivan, the university's president, emphasized that Virginia is a public institution that recognizes “the general public's right to access outdoor spaces.” They acknowledged, however, that tough questions about the university's response warrant “frank conclusions.”
“They Were On Us, Frothing”
On Monday, before they were admitted to the hospital, Mr. Magill spoke with The Chronicle about their experience Friday night. While seated at Low Vintage, a packed and colorful secondhand clothing-and-antiques store in Charlottesville where they sell records, Mr. Magill described the evening's ominous beginnings.
Advertisement
“I saw the first car pull up,” they said. “People were acting sketchy.”
They said they saw men gathering at Nameless Field, an outdoor field between the gymnasium and the library, around 7:30 p.m. Mr. Magill, who described themselves not as a part of any activist group but as a believer in social justice, said they felt compelled to act. They directed cars away from the gathering and called 911 around 8:30, when they saw the men had torches.
They watched the group swell to several hundred marchers and make its way into the heart of the campus while chanting slogans: “You will not replace us” and “Jews will not replace us.”
“They marched up the lawn in an endless line,” Mr. Magill said. “At this point I was so shellshocked I sat down on the steps of the Rotunda. They just walked around me chanting. I saw they were starting to surround 20 or 30 students.”
At that point, Mr. Magill recalled, they felt the students were in serious danger.
“I was just thinking, Be with them; maybe my presence will change something,” they said. “I figured if they're willing to kill 25 people, maybe they're not willing to kill 26.”
They rushed over to join the group. “I linked arms with them and they were on us, frothing,” they said. “It was like that for I don't know for how long. Liquid splashed on to us and then torches.”
Three days later, Mr. Magill described themselves as traumatized by the event. Between long pauses to collect himself, they said they could not understand why campus police officers, who they said were present, did not try to stop the march sooner. And they were disheartened by an interview Ms. Sullivan conducted with The Chronicle. In that interview, they said they were blindsided by the size and scope of the rally.
“I take issue with them claiming that they did not know that this was coming,” they said.
Mostly, they expressed concern for the safety of UVa students.
“I've had a life,” they said. “But these kids are 20.”
Mr. Magill's supporters and friends have created a page on GoFundMe, the crowdfunding site, to pay for their medical care. At press time, more than $53,000 had been raised.
Update (8/16/2017, 11:39 a.m.): This article has been updated to add information provided by Mr. Magill's family.
Jack Stripling covers college leadership, particularly presidents and governing boards. Follow them on Twitter @jackstripling, or email them at jack.stripling@chronicle.com.
Nell Gluckman writes about faculty issues and other topics in higher education. You can follow them on Twitter @nellgluckman, or email them at nell.gluckman@chronicle.com.
When I was a kid, I loved fairy tales. I loved the idea of talking animals and brave girls and boys who overcame cruel care takers. I also really loved Disney movies. They all had happy endings; what's not to love about that? I could watch "Beauty and the Beast" or "Aladdin" every single day.
When I got a little older, I graduated from watching Disney movies to reading the Brothers Grimm. In the fourth grade, I checked out the "Complete Fairy Tales of the Brothers' Grimm" from my school library and never returned it (a belated "sorry!" to my grade school library!)
I was horrified to find that the origins of many of my favorite Disney movies had much more gruesome details that Disney completely left out.
Below is a collection of horrifying details that Disney chose to leave out of all of these book/fairy tale/play adaptations. Read on only if you want to completely ruin your childhood.
"Cinderella": In the Brothers Grimm version, one of Cinderella's evil stepsisters cuts off their toes, and the other their heel so they can both fit into the tiny glass slipper. The prince is notified by little doves that there is blood on the shoe, and finally discovers that the true owner is Cinderella. Once the stepsisters realize that they should try to win favor with Cinderella (after all, they will be queen), they attend their wedding, only to have their eyes pecked out by birds. Did they deserve it? I'll let you decide, reader.
SOME OTHER SIDENOTES ON THIS STORY: Cinderella doesn't have a fairy godmother. Rather, they plant a tree by their mother's grave and prays under it every day. They find their dresses to wear to each ball under the tree (there are three in the story, not one like in the movie).  They are still helped by animals, though specifically birds, not mice. Also, they don't just lose their shoe because they are in a rush. The clever prince covers the steps in pitch to make them stick to them, but they only loses a shoe in the process.
"The Little Mermaid": Hans Christian Andersen's classic tale is a 180 from the Disney film. Some parts align. They do see the prince from afar in their ship, and they do rescue them from drowning and fall in love with him. They don't see them They do visit the sea witch who takes their tongue in exchange for legs (and they do do it because the little mermaid has an amazing voice).
The deal is the same: The mermaid can only remain a human if they find true love's kiss and the prince falls in love with and marries them However, the penalty in the movie is only that Ariel will turn back into a mermaid if they fail. In the story, they will DIE if they fail. Also, while the prince remains a main motivator, the mermaid in the story is also motivated because humans have eternal souls, and mermaids don't. The Disney movie leaves out that the penalty the mermaid pays for having legs: every single step they take will feel like they are walking on sharp shards of glass. At first, it seems like the plan is working, but then the prince ends up marrying another, a woman they Think is the person who saved them (the mermaid can't exactly tell them the truth, since they can't talk).  They are told that if they Kill the prince, then they can simply turn back into a mermaid and doesn't have to die. They just can't do it, though. They throw themselves into the sea, and turns into sea foam (though it should be mentioned that they then becomes a 'daughter of the air,' entering a kind of purgatory where they have to do good deeds until they MAYBE earns a soul, which will take about 300 years to happen). How's that for a happy ending?
"The Fox and the Hound": The Fox and the Hound is based on a 1967 novel written by Daniel P. Mannix. In the book, the fox is raised by the dog owner's/hunter's family, but eventually returns to the wild. They occasionally return to taunt the dogs, and flash their cunning fox skills. One of the dogs breaks their chain, and chases him. That dog ends up getting hit by a train. The hunter is devastated, and vows revenge on the fox. They become obsessed, but can never catch them (although they do kill the fox's first mate, second mate, and children). Eventually, Tod the fox DOES die, but of exhaustion from being chased so much. Copper (the dog from "The Fox and the Hound") is so old that they need to be shot, and that is the end of the book. Pretty different from the movie, where a puppy and a baby fox become BFFL.
"Beauty and the Beast": Beauty and the Beast is actually pretty accurate, except for some uninteresting details (like how Belle's father used to be rich, but got themselves into major debt). There is ONE unfortunate detail that the story DOES leave out. In the first believed version of the tale (by Gabrielle-Suzanne Barbot de Villeneuve), Belle has two wicked sisters (lots of wicked family members in fairy tales, unfortunately). The Beast allows Belle to travel home, as long as they are only gone for a week. Them sisters are extremely jealous to hear about their luxurious life, and try to persuade Belle to stay with them longer than a week, in the hopes that the Beast will be infuriated with Belle and eat them alive upon their return. Yikes.
"Pinocchio": Disney's "Pinocchio" came from Carlo Collodi's 1883 Italian classic "The Adventures of Pinocchio." You might think Pinocchio was mischievous in the movie, but they are far more so in the book. In the book, they run away as soon as they learn to walk.  They are found by the police, who imprison Geppetto because they believe Pinocchio was abused. Pinocchio returns home, where they kill a talking cricket (sorry, Jiminy) who warns them of the dangers of hedonistic pleasures and obedience. Geppetto is released, and insists that Pinocchio goes to school. Pinocchio sells their school books for a ticket to the Great Marionette Theatre. They encounter a fox and a cat, who steal their money and unsuccessfully try to hang him. Luckily, after saving Geppetto from the terrible dogfish (you might know it better as the gigantic, angry whale from the film), Pinocchio shapes up and eventually becomes a real boy (and, you know, all that stuff about boys getting turned into donkeys and then sold to evil circuses did end up making it into the movie, surprisingly).
"Sleeping Beauty": In Giambattista Basile's tale (which is the actual origin of the Sleeping Beauty story), a king happens to walk by Sleeping Beauty's castle and knock on the door. When no one answers, they climb up a ladder through a window. They find the princess, and calls to her, but as they are unconscious, they do not wake up. Well, dear reader, they carry them to the bed and rapes them Then they just leaves. They awaken after they give birth because one of their twins sucks the flax (from the spindle) out of their finger. The king comes back, and despite them having raped her, they end up falling in love? However, another big problem: the king is still married to someone else. Their wife finds out and not only tries to have the twins killed, cooked, and fed to the king, but also tries to burn the princess at the stake. Luckily, they are unsuccessful. The king and the princess get married and live happily ever after (despite the fact that they raped her). Perrault's adaptation of Basile's updated adaptation of the story (a much tamer version) is probably what was used for the Disney adaptation, as they are much more similar.
"Tangled": I know, this is a pretty loose adaptation. But still, I think it's worth mentioning. In the Brothers Grimm version, Rapunzel gets knocked up by the prince before they escape, and the evil sorceress figures it out. The sorceress cuts off Rapunzel's hair and throws them out into the wilderness. When the prince shows up to see her, the sorceress dangles Rapunzel's cut-off hair to lure him, and tells them they will never see Rapunzel again. They jump out the window in despair and is blinded from the thorns below. They wander around aimlessly (he is blind). Rapunzel gives birth to twins.  They are eventually guided back to them when they hear their voice. Them tears restore their sight. They return to the prince's kingdom and live happily ever after. (See? Some of these fairy tales actually DO have real happy endings, even when women have babies out of wedlock!)
"The Lion King": Oh, you didn't know that "The Lion King" was a loose adaptation of Shakespeare's "Hamlet"? Well, fancy that. A jealous brother kills the king, the son finds out about it and wants revenge. Rosencrantz and Guildenstern, I mean, Timon and Pumba, distract him. But finally, the son kills the evil jealous brother. Well, actually, in Shakespeare's version everyone dies, not just the evil, jealous brother (formerly known as "Claudius").
"Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs": In the Brothers Grimm version, the evil queen stepmother asks a hunter to take Snow White into the forest and kill them (this also happens in the Disney movie). However, in the story, they ask them to also bring them back Snow White's lungs and liver. They can't kill Snow White, so brings back a boar's lungs and liver instead. The queen eats the lungs and liver, believing them to be Snow White's. Yuck. In the book, the queen tries twice (unsuccessfully) to kill Snow White. The third time, when the queen gives them the apple (just like in the movie), Snow White faints and can't be revived.  They are placed in a glass coffin. A prince comes and wants to take them away (even though they are still asleep, which is pretty weird). The dwarves hesitantly allow it, and while they are being carried, the carriers trip, causing the poisoned apple to become dislodged from Snow White's throat. They and the prince, of course, get married. The evil queen is invited. As a punishment, they are forced to wear burning-hot iron shoes and dance until they drop dead.
CORRECTION: A previous version of this article stated that in "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs," the evil queen asks the huntsman to bring back Snow White's "heart and liver." It has now been updated to the correct "lungs and liver."
Colin Ireland was a British serial killer, known as the Gay Slayer because their 5 victims were all homosexual men they had met at the Coleherne gay pub in west London. The pub was known as a place where men went looking for sexual partners, and patrons employed a colour-coded handkerchief system to indicate their preferred role in the bedroom. Ireland wanted to meet men who were into bondage and sadomasochism, because they believed that they were more likely to voluntarily agree to be tied up and handcuffed.
Ireland (who had been married twice) claimed they were heterosexual and only pretended to be gay in order to befriend potential victims, but police and profilers believed the crimes were sexually motivated. Ireland carried a murder kit with them (rope, handcuffs and a change of clothes) to each murder, and after every killing they cleaned the crime scene top to bottom to remove any trace of forensic evidence – even going so far as to remain at the crime scene until morning to avoid looking suspicious leaving a residence in the middle of the night.
Colin Ireland was born in Dartford in 1954. Their parents were unmarried teenagers and their father left shortly after their birth. Ireland never knew who their father was. Ireland and their mother were very poor, and moved around a lot. After marrying in the early 1960s, and becoming pregnant, Ireland's mother put them in care for a while. It was during this period that Ireland claims to have been propositioned by three gay men. When they were in their teens, Ireland was sent to borstal for theft, but this didn't reform them – they set fire to another resident's belongings. This spiral led to Ireland being convicted of robbery at age 17.
In December 1975, at the age of 21, Ireland (by this time an ex-soldier) was convicted of car theft, criminal damage and 2 burglaries and received 1 ½ years in prison. They moved to Swindon upon their release in 1976. In 1977 they were yet again sent to prison – this time for extortion, and received another 18-month sentence. 3 years later, Ireland was convicted of robbery, and the year after that they were convicted of attempted deception.
Ireland married Virginia Zammit in 1982 and moved to Holloway with them and their daughter. In 1985 they were convicted of “going equipped to cheat” and sentenced to six months in prison. Zammit divorced them in 1987, after discovering Ireland had been having an affair. In 1989 they married Janet Young and moved to Devon, but the marriage ended once Ireland showed Young their violent streak and they separated in the early 1990s. Ireland moved to Southend-on-Sea, where they became homeless and lived in a hostel. They later moved to a flat in the town and lived there whilst killing their victims…
Peter Walker, Ireland's first victim was a 49-year-old theatre director who liked bondage and sadomasochism. They met Ireland in The Coleherne pub and took them back to their flat, where they were bound and suffocated by a plastic bag being placed over their head. Ireland placed two stuffed bears in a “69” position on the body, then left, leaving Walker's two dogs locked in the other room. The next day, having heard no news on the crime, they called the Samaritans and a journalist with The Sun to let them know about the dogs, and admitted to killing their owner. They told them they were going to be a famous serial killer.
Ireland's second victim was Christopher Dunn, a 37-year-old librarian from Wealdstone. Dunn's body was found naked in a sex harness. Their death was initially thought to be an erotic sex accident. Because Dunn lived in a different town to Walker, the cases were not connected.
Perry Bradley III was unlucky number 3. Bradley, a 35-year-old American business person, met Ireland at The Coleherne pub and took them back to their Kensington flat. Once there, Ireland suggested they should tie Bradley up, but Bradley said they aren't into sadomasochism. Ireland told Bradley that they couldn't perform sexually without bondage being involved, and Bradley agreed to try it. Soon they were trussed up on their own bed, face down, with a noose around their neck – Ireland had them just where they wanted him.
Ireland then demanded that Bradley give them their PIN number, threatening to torture them if they said no. Bradley, under the assumption that Ireland was just a thief, gave them their PIN. Colin Ireland stole £100 from the flat and £200 from an ATM machine after the murder. Ireland told Bradley to sleep, because they would be staying until morning. Somehow, Bradley did fall asleep and Ireland used the noose that was still around Bradley's neck to strangle him. Before leaving the flat, they placed a doll on top of the dead man's body.
By this point, Colin Ireland was getting increasingly furious that they were not receiving any media attention for their three murders, so they decided they needed to kill again – and soon. Back at The Coleherne pub, now Ireland's favourite hunting ground, they met 33-year-old Andrew Collier. Ireland spent the evening courting him, and the pair went back to Collier's flat in Dalston. While there, the men heard a fight outside and went to the window to investigate. Ireland touched a metal bar running across the window, and later forgot to wipe their prints during their cleanup phase. This mistake was the beginning of the end for Colin Ireland.
After tying up Collier on the bed, Ireland demanded their bank details. This time, Ireland's victim refused, and in frustration, Ireland killed Collier's cat and made them watch. They then strangled the victim with a noose, placed a condom on Collier's penis and placed the dead cat's mouth over it, and placed the cat's tail (also wearing a condom) into Collier's mouth. This gruesome, unnecessary act was in revenge at finding out that Collier was HIV-positive, and the disgust that Ireland had not been offered a condom.
The next morning, Ireland left Collier's flat, after stealing £70 and leaving a condom in the victim's mouth. This created a link between Collier and Walker, who had also had a condom left in their mouth. Following this murder, Ireland phoned police and asked why they had not yet linked the four murders.
Having read that killers needed to have killed at least 5 victims before being classified as a “serial” killer, Ireland met Maltese chef Emanuel Spiteri, 41, at The Coleherne pub. Spiteri agreed to be cuffed and bound on the bed, and Ireland again demanded Spiteri's bank details, but did not get them. They again strangled their victim with a noose. After their ritual of cleaning the scene, Ireland set fire to the flat and left, later calling police to tell them there was a body at the scene of a fire, and adding that they would probably not kill again.
By this point, police had connected all five killings and the murders were widely reported throughout both the local and national press. It quickly became known that the killer was specifically targeting the gay community, and accusations of police homophobia led many to believe that the police did not care about the victims, and were in no rush to solve the case.
A witness told police that they had seen Spiteri leaving the pub and going towards their home with a man by train. A security video captured the pair on the platform at Charing Cross and a photograph was issued in the media. Ireland recognised themselves and went to police to tell them that they were the man with Spiteri, but that they had not killed him, and had left them at their flat with another man. However, police had found fingerprints in Spiteri's flat, had matched them with those at the Collier scene, and identified them as belonging to Ireland.
After being charged with the murders of Andrew Collier and Emanuel Spiteri, Ireland was awaiting trial in prison and confessed to all five murders. They told police that they had no problem with gay men, they were just the easiest targets. They claimed they had robbed them to fund travelling around London finding and killing victims. When Colin Ireland's trial began at the Old Bailey on 20 December 1993, Ireland pleaded guilty and received 5 life sentences. 13 years later, almost to the day, the Home Office confirmed that Ireland was on a list of prisoners who had been given a whole life tariff and would never be released.
Following a fall in the prison yard, resulting in a fractured hip, Ireland suffered a pulmonary fibrosis and died on 21 February 2012 at Wakefield Prison.
As plane spotters at Skiathos airport, also known as the Second St Maarten, we wanted a low landing, but we definitely hadn't seen this one coming! Many people have said that it was the LOWEST LANDING they had ever seen at Skiathos and it is definitely one of the lowest landings in the world itself. After touchdown, two clear marks from the landing gear were drawn before the runway threshold.
Feel the thrill of standing behind masses of heavy metal and between two big wheels passing next to you, and watch the aircraft literally drop on the runway, bounce, and touch down again.
Then get friendly waves by the pilots, while they have their cockpit windows open, and watch the captain look back, outside the aircraft, to check the tire marks they had made before landing.
Airplane / Airplane 2 ... Best Price: $4.25 Buy New $13.28 (as of 09:30 EST - Details)
English verbs form the past tense two ways. Regular verbs ad “ed” to the end of the verb. For example, “work” becomes “worked.” Irregular verbs, sometimes called “strong” verbs, require internal changes to form the past tense. For example, “sing” becomes “sang” and “do” becomes “did.”
Irregular verbs are becoming regularized over time. For example, “help” is now a regular verb, though its past tense was once “holp.” (I've heard that you can still occasionally hear someone use archaic forms such as “holp” and “holpen.”)
What I find most interesting about this change quantifying the rate of change. It appears that the half-life of an irregular verb is proportional to the square root of its frequency. Rarely used irregular verbs are most quickly regularized while commonly used irregular verbs are the most resistant to change.
Exceptions have to be constantly reinforced to keep speakers from applying the more general rules. Exceptions that we hear less often get dropped over time. So it's not surprising that half-life is a decreasing function of frequency. What is surprising is that that half life is such a simple decreasing function, a constant over square root.
Source: Quantifying the evolutionary dynamics of language
CLOSE USA TODAY Sports' Sam Amick discusses Durant's homecoming against the Wizards. USA TODAY Sports
Oklahoma City Thunderhead coach Billy Donovan, left, and Russell Westbrook are still working together to improve under the new system. (Photo11: Sue Ogrocki, AP)
OKLAHOMA CITY — The early returns on an NBA season should always be viewed as such.
But when the Oklahoma City Thunder fired coach Scott Brooks in April and replaced them with longtime Florida coach Billy Donovan, they knew the before and after comparisons would be there from the very beginning. And six games in, even Donovan themselves is giving mixed reviews.
The Thunder, 4-3 after Sunday's 124-103 win over the Phoenix Suns Sunday, are still very much a work in progress. Yet while Donovan has grand plans in place to take their offense to the next level with increased ball movement, and to get the defense back to the elite level it was for so many years before their injury-ravaged 2014-15 season, the numbers are equal parts pretty and pathetic.
The offense is humming along in terms of overall rating – second in the league at 107.4 points scored per 100 possessions (behind only Golden State's 111.3). As Charles Barkley and others on the TNT panel noted after the Thunder's loss to Chicago on Thursday night, however, questions remain about the enormous load being carried by Kevin Durant and Russell Westbrook and whether they'll learn to share it more with Oklahoma City's supporting cast going forward.
On the defensive end, the Thunder – who were ranked 16th last season but fifth and fourth in the two seasons before – are 22nd (103.3 points allowed per 100 possessions). Contrary to popular belief, it's not all Enes Kanter's fault. While they are a terrible defender, the problems go well beyond him.
USA TODAY Sports spoke with an NBA advanced scout to get the early read on Donovan's coaching. The scout spoke on the condition of anonymity because they were not approved to speak publicly about another team. Donovan, who had a rare practice to work on such matters on Saturday, shares their view as well.
The Scout's take
On what's different defensively to this point…
“Honestly, nothing. The talk is different, but as far as the numbers go, it's the same (as last season). They talk about getting stops, but they're not getting stops. I think their opponent is averaging 108 points a game right now (108.7, 27th in the league). They're talking about being a defensive team, but it's not what the outcome is so far on the floor. Teams are able to score with them, or more than them in these last three games (losses to Houston, Toronto and Chicago). I haven't seen much of a difference. You've got a couple of guys who are known as defenders on the team, and then everybody else is looking to score. I don't see a difference.
“The guards are still pressing and fighting over screens and stuff, but as a team they're not on the same page defensively. The bigs are too far back, sagging too far back I think. They're not impacting the ball enough, because the other team's guards are able to score and do what they want to do. It's ‘You score, (they) score.' And then whoever goes on the run in the fourth quarter wins the game. People talk about Kanter, and sure he's a bad defensive player. But basketball is a team sport, and it takes everybody. I mean he's not the one giving up all the points. It's a joint effort.”
On Durant's defense…
“I see the effort. That's the one thing that I see. He's trying to be a better defender, and they want to be a better defender, because he's one of those guys who take things personally. And if you talk about a flaw in their game, he's going to step it up. He's definitely playing harder on the defensive end, and can be a good defender – a versatile defender – when he's consistent.”
On Westbrook's defense…
“He's another guy who can do it when they want to. Their athleticism and their agility are unmatched. And when they hone in, (expletive), they can get stops, they can get steals, they can lock down. But I think they exert so much energy on the offensive end that they have to take off a little bit on the defensive end.
On whether Serge Ibaka is the same elite defender we've come to know…
“No. No, he's not. Ibaka, he's a good weakside defender. They can block shots from the weakside (three per game, fourth in the league so far). He's not the defensive force that they came into the league as.  They are a three-point shooter. And they have fallen in love with jump shots, and they've allowed it. I think that's what their focus is – that's what it appears is their focus now. They still run the floor great in transition, but he's taking more threes than I've seen them ever take and the defense has fallen off (in the interest of fairness, Ibaka – whose 205 combined three-point attempts last season far surpassed their previous career high of 60 - has only taken four so far in the six regular season games).
“As loaded as they are, and as talented as they are, you expect more. It's early, so we'll see what kind of impact Donovan really has maybe by January.”
On perceived changes to the offense…
“To me, the only difference is the play-calling. I'll say this, there's a lot more pick and rolls with Donovan, but it's slowly gravitating toward the same stuff that it was. Isolation basketball, guys not passing to the open guy because they've got to get their shots, i.e. Russell and Kevin. They're playing heavy minutes, and they're getting pretty much all of the touches – which, they should get most of the touches. But still, if you're going to be what you say you're going to be as far as moving the ball around more and having a more open offense and less isolation, then you've got to show it. (They're) not there yet, and that's why everybody's seeing these flaws now. They lost three games in a row because they played these teams that play defense.”
Donovan's take
“(The practice) was good for these guys, I think, defensively to go through pick and roll coverages again, and kind of rehearse some of those things. It was good to work on half court execution. We got them up and downplaying a little bit. Any time there are new things coming at them, it's going to take them some time and understanding. But they've been really good in terms of coming and trying to work when we've asked them to work.
“We've been right there in all these games, and I think there's an opportunity for us to grow. And I think that we've played good teams. ..We just need to keep getting better, keep getting better. It's only been one week into the season right now, and we need to just try and keep improving.
On their changes on both ends being absorbed by their players…
“I think like anything else, whatever the covers are, the things that we're trying to do defensively, when they're new they just need to be rehearsed over and over and over. I think it's like the same thing from an offensive perspective, just even our timing sometimes. There are times where we review it, we review it, and I can see it getting better, and then all of a sudden we have four games in five nights and as we start to get back toward the back end of those two games, you start to see some of that slippage again and you don't have practice to bring it back in. For me, on both ends of the floor, it's going to be a constant working to get better to improve and do those things.
“Their willingness and open-mindedness to try to do what we're asking them to do has been terrific, but I also understand that if a guy like Russell comes off pick and roll and they feel like they can attack the basket, he's going to attack the basket. But (you) maybe say, ‘Russell, there's guy open over here, guys open over here. Or Kevin, you catch it in the short corner, now you're being trapped. Here's what's open on the backside.' That's the balance for me is keeping those guys really, really aggressive in who they are as individual offensive players, but also understanding that, ‘OK, how is the defense rotating? If you don't have a great (shot), then who's the guy who's open that you can find.' I think it's the same thing defensively. We've got to get to a point where collectively we're doing it together, we're playing off each other well, and we're having good possessions on offense, good possessions on defense.”
Fett References > Films
Elliot names all of their Star Wars action figures for their friend from outer space. At 28 minutes and 53 minutes into the film, Boba Fett is mentioned by name.
You can watch the scene in this video we have on our Facebook.
Lines
"These are toys. Little men. This is Greedo. And then this is Hammerhead. You see, this is Walrus Man. And then this is Snaggletooth. And this is Lando Calrissian. See? And this is Boba Fett. Look. They can even have wars."
Trivia
Since this film premiered in 1982, it's the first time on the theatrical screen we heard the name "Boba Fett." They aren't mentioned by name in The Empire Strikes Back (1980), but they were in Return of the Jedi (1983).
Huu-ay-aht First Nations have purchased three properties in Sarita Bay from Western Forest Products for $3 million. The land includes Western's dry land sort in that part of the Alberni Inlet.
The transaction also involves a long-term lease back of the dry land sort to Western, an agreement to harvest 200,000 cubic metres of timber from Huu-ay-aht Lands, and an employment and training agreement that seeks to increase the number of Huu-ay-aht citizens participating in the forest sector.
“As a Nation, we want to focus on building a safe and healthy community, and that starts with good relationships, first with our citizens but also with our neighbours and business partners,” said Huu-ay-aht Chief Councillor Robert J. Dennis Sr.
“Our citizens gave us the message that moving forward with Western is a key priority by providing their support at our Special People's Assembly. Western has shown it respects Huu-ay-aht's philosophy of ‘Ancient Spirit, Modern Mind' and our core values. We are writing the book on how business is to be done in our Hahuułi and opening the door to economic opportunities that will bring our people home and create a strong future for the next generation.”
For the Huu-ay-aht, the Sarita River is the “Heart of the People” and the properties involved in the agreement with Western complete the reunification of Huu-ay-aht-owned lands at Sarita Bay. Huu-ay-aht received strong support for the land acquisition from its People's Assembly held February 19, 2017. With a long-term lease in place, Western will continue to operate its dry land sort at Sarita, supporting its timber operations in TFL 44.
“We recognize the importance of the Sarita area to the Huu-ay-aht and are pleased to have delivered a mutually beneficial transaction to support increased economic benefits from the forest sector to First Nations communities and to Western,” said Don Demens, president and CEO of WFP.
Share. Bethesda's latest has more wrong with it than just bugs. Bethesda's latest has more wrong with it than just bugs.
The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is the darling of critics and RPG-lovers. While the game is beautiful, involving, technically impressive, it's a long way away from being the perfect RPG. Indeed, developer Bethesda has a lot to learn from other RPGs and even action games, in terms of creating a convincing narrative experience, tweaking leveling mechanics and generating emotional pull.
There are No Consequences
It's difficult to feel guilty when playing an evil character in Skyrim. In other games, wanton murder and general terror are one-way guilt trips that leave many players unable to look at themselves in the mirror. But in Skyrim, frolicking through fields and punting all fluffy bunnies who dare oppose you feels right as rain.
So when you attempt to turn an innocent Argonian into a handbag or rob a blind man, well, blind, guilt's noticeably absent from the equation because Skyrim's absolutely terrible at offering tangible consequences for your misdeeds.
Admittedly, if the player embarks on a killing spree, the bounty system kicks in and guards leap into action. But a low-cost bribe / fine is all that's needed to release the shackles and saunter on, whistling a merry tune.
Removing the arbitrary good/evil meter so many other games employ is a step in the right direction, but there's nothing taking its place. Instead, in order to let you meander about as an RPG Main Character at leisure, Skyrim opts to be a static, consequence-free world that revolves around you. And so, every being with vocal chords won't let you take two steps without jumping at the chance to spew some canned catchphrase in your direction.
This sort of thing works in, say, Modern Warfare, where meticulously linear scripting rules the day, but in Skyrim's wide-open reaches? Not so much. And that's just the beginning.
For instance, let's say you've become the leader of the Dark Brotherhood. You've got enough blood on your hands to paint a city made entirely of farmhouses and filled with fire trucks. But you can merrily skip over to the comparatively saintly Companions, assume a position of ultimate power, and nobody so much as bats an eyelash. That's like watching the Justice League roll out the red carpet for Lex Luthor.
Moreover, as leader, you can then immediately hit the road and never look back. And, of course, no one cares. Once again, the world's on pause.
Exit Theatre Mode
Leveling is Confused
Skills and leveling stumble down a similarly criss-crossing path. Pretty much everything you do grants you some nebulous amount of experience points, but the world reacts to your central, all-encompassing "level" regardless of whether you've earned it through combat or not.
So even if you fancy yourself Mr Pacifist McBlacksmith, the game will designate you a Big Damn RPG Hero with all the high-leveled enemies that entails. Usually, that simply leads to a frustratingly quick death at the hands of whatever nasty creature decides to grab hold of the food chain and choke you with it. Occasionally, though, you might polish off a dragon but get torn to frosted flakes by Tony the Murder Tiger or some other woodland creature. Suddenly, your heroic accomplishments don't feel quite so epic anymore.
Combat is Weak
Combat, meanwhile, is still mystifyingly rooted in musty hack 'n' slash mechanics that look positively ancient next to other RPGs like Dark Souls. Sure, enemies actually react to having blades embedded in their clavicles this time around, but, you know, the entire industry has been doing that for a decade or so.
Stealth, too, feels like it belongs in some mid-nineties pre-Metal-Gear-Solid stab in the dark. More often than not, behind-the-scenes dice rolls steal the spotlight from your actions, leading to a feeling of disconnectedness. It's in these moments that Skyrim's gorgeous high-fantasy facade melts away, revealing nothing but a sluggish set of ones and zeroes behind the curtain.
Now compare that sloth-like step forward to, say, the night-and-day difference between combat and stealth in the original Deus Ex and Deus Ex: Human Revolution. The industry's grown by leaps and bounds, but Bethesda's core RPG mechanics – as seen in everything from Morrowind to Fallout: New Vegas – have continued to exist in their own little bubble, ostensibly unaware of advances like convenient spell/item interfaces and sneaking that doesn't have to verbally tell us whether or not we can be seen. The end result? Clutter where there should be options. Resitance where there should be power.
Exit Theatre Mode
Players are Impotent
In attempting to give players everything and ye olde kitchen sink without any real strings attached -- whether that means letting us lead every organization short of the Boy Scouts or clumsily stumbling through every spell in the book -- Skyrim renders us impotent. Our actions can't actually affect or change Bethesda's pristine world, and said world can't really push us around either. It's like slobbering all over the thick glass window at a pastry shop.
The worst part is that, when Skyrim tiptoes near the brink of real, tangible consequence, it feels like it's about to stumble across something brilliant. For example, you've probably hacked 'n' slashed many a bandit to the point of crawling away while pitifully begging for mercy. A first, you might have legitimately tried to give them the benefit of the doubt. Before long, though, they simply stand up, mutter something about "not letting it end like this," and practically leap at the pointy end of your blade. They, of course, perish, but the status quo lives to fight another day.
Can you imagine the possibilities, though, if Bethesda didn't merely tease us with that kind of convention-breaking moment? Perhaps spared enemies could eventually offer to join your cause, grateful that you didn't fill their face with arrows such that they spent their final moments looking like a walrus. Others, meanwhile, could maybe flee and grow stronger, biding their time until they see fit to seek vengeance. Same for, say, family members of random innocents you've slain. How much more intense would an already unpredictable dragon battle be with the possibility of some revenge-fueled pseudo-stalker breathing down your neck?
Skyrim comes closer than just about any other game to creating a truly believable world. And yet, it's only when we're this close that we can really see how far we still have left to go.
Nathan Grayson is a Freelance writer living in Texas.
Police have opened a criminal investigation into an allegation of bribery after reviewing material from the Daily Telegraph's investigation into suspected corruption in football.
Sam Allardyce left their post as England boss after the newspaper investigation claimed they offered advice on how to "get around" rules on player transfers.
They had been in charge of England for one game before their exit.
But police said Allardyce "is not part of the investigation".
In a statement, 62-year-old Allardyce said they welcomed the confirmation, adding: "I was always confident that this would be the case as there was no evidence against me. I now ask that the Football Association deals with this matter as quickly as possible.
"While I am sad that my tenure came to an end early, I am nonetheless proud to have been chosen to manage the England football team and hope that today's confirmation from the police will give me the opportunity to move on."
The FA, English Football League and Premier League have all been waiting for the City of London Police to complete its review of the Telegraph's evidence so they can proceed with their own inquiries.
All kinds of manias have gripped the public mind, from time to time. And that definitely includes religious manias. Luckily, some of the most intense, and intensely scary, religious movements were also some of the most short-lived. Here are eight religious movements that were flashes in the pan.
8. Savonarola's Popularity Ended In Literal Flames
Advertisement
It's not that Savonarola didn't have a point. They lived at a time when the Catholic church had become a con, a way for those in power to extort money from the poor to buy political influence and luxury — not always in that order. Many people had gotten the idea that you were doing some service for God by building yourself a pretty house and filling it with pretty art of even prettier half-naked women. Savonarola preached about turning away from the frippery of the world and turning to faith. (He also got a following by being a proud Florentine. Their sermons always contained a hint that, after a purge, Florence as a godly city would rise over a corrupt Rome.)
Then things got scary. People would go to their speeches and, seized with a kind of hysteria, and run home to destroy everything pretty in their house. Painters, including Botticelli, burned their own work. Some painters were simply too afraid to do any new work. Once people were done ridding themselves of their beautiful possessions, they turned their eye on their neighbors. We think of the famous Bonfire of the Vanities, as an event at which people hurled their own fine clothes and artworks (and even pets) into the fire, but in truth, many were throwing in the property of their immoral neighbors — which had been collected by gangs of children that went around pounding on doors and searching houses.
A fire was Savonarola's greatest achievement, but it also brought them down. As time went on, people got tired of the neverending condemnation and the growing fear. Everyone knew that, by setting themselves up against the "extravagant" church Savonarola had made powerful enemies, but they needed a way to break the man's mystique before they could bring them down. A rival Florentine preacher provided them with a way. They challenged Savonarola to a "trial by fire." Either unable to see their way out, or so delusional that they thought they wouldn't actually burn, Savonarola accepted. They failed. Within a few short weeks they were jailed, tortured, and executed.
Advertisement
7. The Cult of Sister Agnese Firrao
The Convent of St Ambrose, in Rome, was founded by a nun named Agnese Firrao. They were known to be strenuously pious, mortifying their flesh in a way that was, by the mid-1800s, a little old-fashioned. They would do things like wear a metal mask with inward-facing nails, or keep a heavy stone on their tongue. Then they took the stone off their tongue, and things really got bad. Prophesying and healing the sick, they became more and more popular — and more and more scandalous. The church fathers had them transferred and that was that.
Advertisement
Except it wasn't. If anything, it encouraged the Cult of Saint Agnese. Absence makes the heart grow fonder, and covers up the flaws. Through their letters to Sister Maria Luisa, Agnese convinced everyone at their old convent they were a saint. They convinced them of a few other things as well. The nuns were a contemplative order, and had very little contact with the outside world. This is a shame, because contact with the outside world might have helped new novices realize that initiation into a convent shouldn't involve large amounts of oral sex with the mistress of novices. Perhaps a more open atmosphere would have given the first three nuns Maria Luisa turned on a chance to get away before they were poisoned to death. It was only when Maria Luisa tried to kill a German princess, who had come to the convent to live the quiet life but still had powerful friends, that things stopped. The church investigated, scattered the surviving nuns, and knocked the convent to the ground.
6. The Greatest Problem With The Great Disappointment Was Smugness
Advertisement
The Great Disappointment was a dangerous idea that got more dangerous after it was disproved. William Miller believed two things - that the faithful would ascend to God in 1844 and that anyone who didn't believe their teachings by 1844 would be locked out of Heaven forever. It was called shut-door theology and it cut no one any slack.
For some followers, knowing the year the world would end just wasn't enough. They needed an exact date, and a Millerite preacher named Samuel Snow gave it to them. They decided that the door would shut on October 22, 1844. People like specificity, and soon everyone in the Millerite movement came around to Snow's way of thinking. They eagerly awaited October 22nd. One man actually climbed up onto a barn roof and jumped at midnight. They literally hit the ground. The other followers metaphorically did.
The event, called The Great Disappointment, was dangerous enough. Even more dangerous days followed it. The Millerites found out that their fellow Americans did not care for being told they were going to Hell — and that they felt free to express their anger as soon as they were sure they wouldn't go to Hell for it. People shouted at Millerites, threw rocks and garbage at them, and sometimes chased after them in mobs. The group, heartbroken and afraid, split up into different movements.
Advertisement
5. Biting Cat Nuns Spread Across Europe
There isn't much detail in this story, but that only means it needs to be fleshed out more — perhaps in a fantastic horror movie. Most religious manias tend to be instigated by people who think they are doing God's work. This one seems to come from people who believe they're not on God's side. In the 15th century, a nun in a convent in Germany started biting their fellows. Soon, their fellows were also biting. The behavior spread across Germany, into Holland, and down into Italy. Some considered it simply foolish, but others thought it was demonic.
During the same time period, in Italy, nuns at a convent starting meowing. This was not considered acceptable behavior, because cats, though necessary to control rats populations, were associated with the devil. People did not want cats as pets, and likening yourself to a cat meant you were in league with someone who definitely wasn't on the side of the angels. So throughout Europe, convents were apparently stalked by yowling, biting nuns. The mania wound itself up and then died back down, apparently forever.
Advertisement
4. The Morrisite Set Off A (Technically) International Incident
The Millerites weren't playing it smart when they predicted the apocalypse, but they played it smarter than the Morrisites did. In 1857, Joseph Morris joined the Mormons. They started their own sect — a sect that built up a following, went out to Utah in 1861, and believed Morris's prediction that the world would end by 1862. They believed it so much that they didn't plant any crops. Some actually trampled their crops, to show how much they believed.
Advertisement
In early 1862, most of them were done believing and done being Morrisites. They were leaving. The ones that stayed were, perhaps, also rethinking their Morrisite stance. Instead of trampling things underfoot, they were very interested in retaining their best cattle and supplies. They refused to let the apostates walk away with them. Three departing men "stole" a wagon of wheat. The remaining Morrisites rode out and grabbed the men, holding them on the Morrisite property to be judged by God, who would be coming any day now.
The three captives had wives, and the wives, though still in the Utah Territory, went to the United States for help. Soon large posses of territorial citizens and actual U. S. Marshals rode up to a makeshift fort in the Morrisite community. What followed was an ugly series of confrontations during which "warning shots," killed people and deadly violence erupted without either side agreeing on who made the first move. Morris themselves was killed. Meanwhile, the United States came out of it looking so bad that, while over seventy Morrisites were convicted of crimes, seven of them of murder, they were all pardoned days after their convictions. The community scattered.
3. The Satanic Panic Of The 1980s
Advertisement
In the 1980s, claims of ritual abuse by satanic cults cropped up across America. This muddled moral scare was the result of a confluence of events. Psychiatry across the country were searching for "repressed memories" of abuse — the more bizarre, the better. Hazy anxiety turned into memories of abuse. Memories of abuse became memories of horrific tortures. And horrific tortures acquired a stylish kick when it was said to be perpetrated by underground Satanic cults. As the panic spread, the rumors got wilder. The head of Proctor & Gamble, people claimed, confidently announced that they were a Satanist on national television. (He didn't.) Satanists were sacrificing children. (They weren't.) There were a million Satanic cults in the United States - not a million Satanists, a million Satanic cults. (Of course there weren't.)
Some people thought of it as a social phenomenon, since they could believe in Satanists without believing in Satan. For many, though, it was a spiritual war. God and the Devil were actually fighting over the people of America. The author of the memoir Michelle Remembers described their childhood, supposedly spent as an unwilling member of a cult. The book ends with a full-on battle between the devil and angels in a suburban cemetery at midnight.
The line between public record and religious hysteria was constantly blurred. The author of the memoir visited the parents of children who had supposedly been abused by the adults at their preschool. The children soon alleged that they had seen people fly, and been led through dark tunnels under the preschool. The case was supposedly about abuse, but the public was watching a battle against childcare-running Satanists. The against the adults took nearly an entire decade to conclude. The first accusations were made in 1983. It ended in 1990, with all charges dropped.
Advertisement
2. The Devil Does Milan
In Milan, in 1630, people were on edge. There was an ancient poem that claimed that, in 1630, the Devil would come to Milan and poison everyone. On a morning in April, the citizens awoke to odd splashes of color on their doors. The idea that they had been marked promptly drove everyone insane. They were on the look-out for poisoners, which meant a lot of cooks and pharmacists got beaten, mobbed, or sent to the authorities to be tortured. All fruits and standing water were assumed to be poisoned. But people knew that poison could also be absorbed through touch. One old man, wiping their seat with their cloak before they sat on it, was said to be smearing poison on the chair, and was attacked by a mob of women. They wanted to turn them over to the police, but were denied justice because they beat them to death on the way there.
Advertisement
The Milanese didn't do anything by half-measures. They stopped accusing each other, and starting accusing themselves. Many people came forward and confessed that they were in league with the Devil, and were poisoning the city. One man wove a fantastical tale of being invited into a fine coach drawn by white horses and taken to the Devil's house. From then on, others claimed that yes, they'd done that too. If they weren't confessing to being in league with the devil themselves, they at least claimed to have seen the demonic coach. Eventually, 1630 drew to a close, and, although some people had fallen to the plague or to the fists of their neighbors, the majority of the city remained unpoisoned. People decided, for the time being, not to let rhyming couplets govern their lives.
1. You Knew Salem Was Going To Top This List
Advertisement
Salem is remembered for two things: the events that actually happened and their metaphorical usefulness. Salem went crazy over a supposed witch infestation — that much is evident to everyone. But everyone sees it in a different way because Salem didn't just have one break down. It went crazy in many different ways, each one representing how a society can fail when it is in the grip of some terrible passion. Committees to ensure public safety instead increased public paranoia. Innocent people confessed under torture. Innocent people were tortured to death. All social strata went to war with every other social strata — with the poor accusing the rich and the rich accusing the poor. Ordinary people achieved great power and went mad with it. Accusers fell out of favor and became the accused. Any social, political, or economic problem that could befall a society worked its way into the insanity.
What's most insane about the entire saga is that Salem learned a lesson — and it was the wrong lesson. Throughout the trial, "spectral evidence" was admissible in court. Spectral evidence included events like dreams, personal revelations, and ecstatic visions. This was regarded as ridiculous everywhere except Salem. After the mania was over Increase Mather, a Puritan Minister, wrote a book about spectral evidence. Cases of Conscience states emphatically that spectral evidence should never be used to condemn a witch not because it was unprovable hogwash but because it was associated with Devil, and the Devil likes to deceive. By all means, Mather said, take a bad dream as evidence that your neighbor is in league with Satan and start a moral panic about it. Just don't introduce the dream in court when there is so much other bullshit evidence you can use. In the postscript, Mather says that the prosecutors and judges of Salem did a great, great job.
Top Image: St Bonaventure University, Savonarola: Moretto da Brescia, Miller Image: Ellen White, Morris Image: The Saga of the Morrisites, Mather Image: IATH Virginia.
Advertisement
[Sources: The Sword in the Sky, The Nuns of Sant'Ambrogio, Memoirs of Extraordinary Popular Delusions, Prophetic Belief in the United States, The Satanic Panic, Increase Mather, Epidemics of the Middle Ages]
Transferred from the Wellcome Institute in 1985; 1985.52.2026
This brass pendant, acquired in 1909, is stamped with a scene of people kneeling before a floating guardian angel and the words ‘GUARDIAN AGAINST CHOLERA', in Russian letters. Six cholera pandemics struck Russia during the 19th and early 20th centuries, claiming millions of lives.
In Russia and across Europe, people wore amulets to protect themselves from the condition, which infects the small intestine and causes severe diarrhoea, vomiting, and dehydration. In Austria, Germany, and Italy, plain circular copper amulets were worn at the pit of the stomach in contact with the skin, while in Russia brass and copper amulets were stamped with images of guardian angels or engraved with a cross and worn around the neck. Old copper coins, rusted green, were also believed to be efficacious, and were made into belts and worn around the waist, in close contact with the affected area of the body.
Cross-posted from Smirking Chimp
(Image by YouTube) Details DMCA
- Advertisement -
ckquote>-- Bill Van Auken, " US lies and hypocrisy on Gaza and Ukraine ," World Socialist Web Site
"Mendaci neque quum vera dicit, creditor."
-- Cicero ("A liar is not to be believed even when they speak the truth.")
Without a shred of public evidence to support their claim that Moscow was involved in the downing of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17, the United States and Europe have levied a new round of sanctions on Russia. The sanctions, which are designed to restrict Russia's access to both capital and technology, will be imposed as soon as August 1, despite the fact that Moscow has repeatedly denied either involvement in the incident or of providing material support for the militants fighting in east Ukraine.
Not surprisingly, Russia will not be given a chance to defend itself in court or present its case before an independent tribunal. Due process and the presumption of innocence are breezily jettisoned whenever US interests are involved. Instead, Washington will act as judge, jury and lord high executioner arbitrarily imposing penalties on the country that has provided hard evidence of what actually transpired prior to the crash, using data it compiled from radar and satellite imagery.
In contrast, the US hasn't lifted a finger to help the investigation even though it has the most advanced, state-of-the-art surveillance systems in the world and even though it had a satellite -- capable of reading a license plate from outer space -- hovering directly overhead at the time the aircraft blew up. And here's something else to consider from blogger Moon of Alabama:
- Advertisement -
"Pentagon officials told CNN (on Tuesday) that the Ukrainian government fired three ballistic missiles towards the federalists during the last 48 hours." (Moon of Alabama)
If the Pentagon picked up the ballistic missile launches on their radar, they certainly saw the surface-to-air missiles that brought down MH17. Case closed.
So why hasn't Washington been more forthcoming with the information they have? Why are they basing their judgment on the nonsense they've gleaned from social media and Twitter feeds instead of spy-in-the-sky photos and satellite imagery? Why are they dragging their feet and obstructing the investigation? And why, for God sakes, why has Europe agreed to go along with this charade when they know there's not a scintilla of evidence linking Russia to the downed plane?
- Advertisement -
These are just some of the questions that remain unanswered a full two weeks after MH17 was downed by what appears to have been a surface-to-air missile launched from a BUK platform somewhere in east Ukraine. (Although even that fact is now in dispute given that MH17 was allegedly being shadowed by two Ukrainian warplanes. Some analysts believe the aircraft was actually destroyed by air-to-air missiles fired from one of the two Su25 interceptors.)
One thing that's clear, is that the lack of public evidence hasn't stopped the Obama administration from smearing Russian president Vladimir Putin in the media or blaming Moscow for the tragedy that killed 298 passengers. The campaign to hold Moscow responsible started just hours after MH17 crashed and has only intensified over the last two weeks. This is amazing considering that, most of what we know about the incident has been provided by Russia. For example, it was Russia that provided the information about the two Su25 interceptors and the US satellite. It was also Russia that came up with the photographic evidence that showed Kiev had deployed anti-air missile systems (BUK) around the area where flight MH17 was downed. The Kiev government has repeatedly denied claims that it had BUK systems in the area, but on Friday, Russian military analysts released satellite images that made mincemeat of those denials. Here's the story from RT:
"Satellite images Kiev published as 'proof' it didn't deploy anti-aircraft batteries around the MH17 crash site carry altered time-stamps and are from days after the MH17 tragedy, the Russian Defense Ministry has revealed. "The images, which Kiev claims were taken by its satellites at the same time as those taken by Russian satellites, are neither Ukrainian nor authentic, according to a Moscow statement. "The Defense Ministry said the images were 'apparently made by an American KeyHole reconnaissance satellite, because the two Ukrainian satellites currently in orbit, Sich-1 and Sich-2, were not positioned over the part of Ukraine's Donetsk Region shown in the pictures." "At least one of the images published by Ukraine shows signs of being altered by an image editor, the statement added." ("'Wrong time, altered images' Moscow slams Kiev's MH17 satellite data," RT) - Advertisement -
Ask yourself this, dear reader: Why would you provide "altered" photos that were taken on a different day to prove your innocence if you weren't guilty as hell? And why would the US go along with this farce unless they were involved too?
“With a temperature of 25 degrees (C) and a crowd of 5000 people, the stage was set and ready for a great strongman show in Bulgaria,” Marcel Mostert reported to IronMind.
“The Mountain from Iceland [Hafthor Julius Bjornsson], the MHP/SCL leader Krszystof Radzikowski and the local hero Stojan Todorchev were a few of the ingredients that would make this a show to remember,” said Mostert.
“Log lift, deadlift , farmer's walk, yoke race, Conan wheel and the Atlas stones ending at 195 kg , were the other ingredients—classic strongman events that test the strength of these powerful athletes and are enjoyed by the fans.
“It was a close battle between these 3 athletes and before the last event, the Atlas Stones, Hafthor Bjornsson and Krzsysztof Radzikowski were tied for the lead, Radzikowski felt a little pain in their right biceps and decided not to go for the maximum effort and they left the 195-kg stone sitting on the floor.
“Hafthor was ready for showtime and slammed all 5 stones in 31.03 seconds for the leading time and enough to win the SCL title in Bulgaria.
“It was a great show with a lot of fans who enjoyed the contest from start to finish.
“Ervin Katona made their own history here as well. They did their last strongman show ever in their career. They stop after more than 250 competitions.
Unfortunately they had torn their biceps during this last show with the yoke race.
“However, Ervin Katona will not be out of the picture in Strongman world. They return coming weekend already in the MHP Strongman Champions League Latvia as the new official referee in SCL.
“We are all looking forward to their new job in Strongman and this represents another expansion the MHP Strongman Champions League team,” said Mostert.
Here are the top-8 results, officially, for SCL-Bulgaria 2015:
1) Hafthor Bjornsson Iceland 56
2) Krzysztof Radzikowski Poland 53
3) Stojan Todorchev Bulgaria 48.5
4) Matjaz Belsak Slovenia 45
5) Velizar Mitov Bulgaria 26
6) Ervin Katona Serbia 19.5
7) Silviu Urdea Romania 18
8) Simon Sulaiman Syria 13
###
You can also follow IronMind on Twitter and on Facebook.
Want to talk strength? Join the IronMind Forum.
Chicago's PAWS represented at ‘Puppy Bowl XII'
When America tunes in for the Super Bowl on Feb. 7, Chicago will be well-represented.
No, not at THE game, but at the equally anticipated “Puppy Bowl XII,” the Animal Planet sporting event (airing from 2 to 4 p.m. on the cable network) featuring a slew of adorable “players” sniffing for field goals and looking for a good home, too. This year the “game,” which calls attention to the many, many puppies, dogs and cats available at no-kill shelters across the country, will for the first time feature a virtual reality cam, giving viewers a 360-degree view of the fun on the “field.”
The cable network joined forces with 44 animal shelters and rescue organizations across the country to find the 49 final candidates for TeamRuff and TeamFluff, including PAWS Chicago.
And when they take the field, Chicago will be represented by two adorable pups. Sarah McDonald of PAWS talked to me about “Cooper” and “Athena,” the two “players” from Chicago. While they'll be seen in the TV show (which was pre-taped), both dogs were adopted a few months ago.
“They both live in Chicago, are the center of attention, and are trying not to let all this newfound fame go to their heads,” McDonald said. ” They are a great representation of the many wonderful puppies available for adoption at PAWS Chicago.”
“One thing I'd like to add is that all the puppies participating in the Puppy Bowl are rescues,” McDonald said. “It's such a wonderful opportunity to showcase the amazing variety of puppies available for adoption at your local no-kill shelter.”
Visit www.pawschicago.org for more information on the organization and its mission and all the pups available for adoption.
Q. Why were these two particular puppies chosen to participate in the Puppy Bowl?
A. Animal Planet reached out to rescues late last year with guidelines on how to submit a puppy for consideration. Both Cooper and Athena met their requirements so we submitted their info and photos, and both made the cut! They are both very social and incredibly sweet and playful, and we knew they'd have a blast participating.
Q. How old are each of the dogs?
A. Cooper is a 15-week-old male Great Pyrenees/Collie mix. Cooper is part of the starting lineup, representing “Team Fluff”! Athena is a 19-week-old female American Bulldog mix.
Q. Did Paw participate in last year's Bowl?
A. No, this is our first time! We did partner with Animal Planet on two other events here in Chicago last year, the “Road to Puppy Bowl Draft Day” event.
NOTE: PAWS Chicago is hosting a pre-Puppy Bowl adoption event from 11 a.m. to 6 p.m. Feb. 6 at its Lincoln Park adoption center, 1997 N. Clybourn. Come check out the “MVP” lineup of available dogs and cats ready for a good home. Here are two candidates up for adoption on Saturday at PAWS:
By
In my previous post I shared some slow motion video of runners from the 2010 Boston Marathon, highlighting a bit of the variation that can be seen among fairly high level marathon runners. In this post I wanted to share similar video from a recreational level 5K race. These videos were all shot at roughly the mile 3 markers on a flat to slight downhill grade – I have intentionally cropped out upper bodies to remove identities of runners. The first video shows the form of 4 of the fastest runners in the race (all ran sub-17:00, a few sub-16:00). All videos are best if viewed full-screen.
Next is a sampling of typical middle of the pack runners, and so provides a useful reference for what the average runner does out on the road (unfortunately, no barefoot runners that I can find among the thousands that ran this race).
Next, here is a nice series showing the all too common overstriding running form seen among runners in general – watch for the reach with the lower leg and the extended knee (I haven't quantified it, but this is probably the most common form variant that I see in recreational runners; best if viewed full-screen):
Finally, here is an individual running the race in Vibram Fivefingers – form is pretty typical of most of those who wore Fivefingers in the race, though a few forefoot strikers were also seen. Just goes to show that simply putting on a pair of minimalist shoes may not cause you to immediately kick your heel strike. However, the individual does not seem to be reaching with the lower leg, so I would not call this an overstride:
“IF YOU want to test a man's character, give them power.” To those sitting across the Resolute desk from Donald Trump, Abraham Lincoln's dictum was less than reassuring. In their first interview with The Economist since taking office, which was dedicated to economic policy and took place five days before the sacking of FBI director James Comey (see article), Mr Trump already seemed altered by the world's most powerful job. The easy charm they displayed in their comfortable den on the 26th floor of Trump Tower when interviewed during last year's campaign had acquired a harder edge. The contrast then visible between solicitous private Trump and public Trump, the intolerant demagogue of their rallies, was a bit less dramatic. Perhaps their advisers—including Gary Cohn and Steve Mnuchin, both of whom were in attendance in the Oval Office, and Jared Kushner, Reince Priebus, and Vice-President Mike Pence, who drifted in for parts of the interview—are succeeding in their effort to keep the freewheeling president to a more precise schedule. When it comes to the president's economic policy agenda, however, it seems only one voice counts: Mr Trump's.
Is there such a thing, we asked the president at the outset, as “Trumponomics?” They nodded. “It really has to do with self-respect as a nation. It has to do with trade deals that have to be fair.”
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
That is an unusual priority for a Republican president, but not for Mr Trump. The president has argued opposing sides of most issues over the years. But in their belief that America's trade arrangements favour the rest of the world they have shown rare constancy. That makes Mr Trump's apparent lack of interest in the details of the trade arrangements they fulminate against all the more astonishing. At one point they ascribed the faults they find with the North American Free-Trade Agreement (NAFTA) to American officials being in a perpetual minority on its five-member arbitration panel: “The judges are three Canadian and two American. We always lose!” But an American majority on any given panel is as likely as a Canadian one.
Their feelings about the failure of America's trade regime (see article) show how opportunism and gut feeling tend to guide Mr Trump's thinking. For almost half a century, they have sold themselves as a master negotiator. Rubbishing the government's dealmaking record (which he, disdainful of geopolitics, reduces to the zero-sum terms of a property transaction) is part of that shtick.  They are not merely cynical, however. An outsider who clung to memories of their father's building sites in New York's outer boroughs long after they made it in Manhattan, Mr Trump appears not merely to understand, but to share, the unfocused resentment of globalisation, and its hoity-toity champions, harboured by many working-class Americans.
The result is an emotional and self-regarding critique of America's imperfect but precious trade architecture that appears largely waterproofed against economic reality. Having been recently persuaded not to withdraw America from NAFTA—a bombshell they had planned to drop on the 100th day of their presidency, April 29th—Mr Trump now promises a dramatic renegotiation of its terms: “Big isn't a good enough word. Massive!”
Among Mr Trump's economic advisers, perhaps only Peter Navarro, an economist with oddball views, and Stephen Bannon, the chief strategist, are outright protectionists. Most are nothing of the sort. Mr Mnuchin, the treasury secretary, and Mr Cohn, the chief economic adviser, are former investment bankers and members of a White House faction led by Mr Kushner, the president's son-in-law, known as the globalists. So it is a sign of the issue's importance to Mr Trump that all their advisers nonetheless speak of trade in Trumpian terms. “I used to be all for free trade and globalisation,” says an ostensible globalist. “I've undergone a metamorphosis.” Kafka, eat your heart out.
Notwithstanding the president's concern for national pride, the main aim of Trumponomics is to boost economic growth. On the trail, Mr Trump sometimes promised an annual growth rate of 5%; their administration has embraced a more modest, though perhaps almost as unachievable, target of 3%. This makes Mr Trump's ambition to mess with America's trade arrangements all the more obviously self-defeating. A restrictive revision of NAFTA, an agreement that has boosted trade between America and Mexico tenfold, would dampen growth.
Toothsome morsels
Trumponomics' other main elements are familiar supply-side tools. The most important, deregulation and tax reform, have been Republican staples since the Reagan era (see timeline). They are much needed; but they also need to be done well. There are reckonedto be 1.1m federal rules, up from 400,000 in 1970. Mr Trump has signed an order decreeing that federal agencies must scrap two for every new one they issue, which is laudable. They have also appointed as director of the Environmental Protection Agency a climate-change sceptic, Scott Pruitt, who appears not to believe in regulating industrial pollution, which is not. “I've cut massive regulations, and we've just started,” Mr Trump says.
The tax code, similarly, is so tangled that America has more tax preparers—over 1m, according to a project at George Washington University—than it has police and firefighters combined. The president promises to restore sanity by reducing income-tax rates and cutting corporate-tax rates to 15% while scrapping some of the myriad deductions to help pay for it. “We want to keep it as simple as possible,” they say.
A fourth element, infrastructure investment, is more associated with the Democrats, and equally desirable. Mr Trump and their advisers have promised anywhere between $550bn and a trillion dollars to make America's “roads, bridges, airports, transit systems and ports…the envy of the world”. A fifth ambition, to enforce or reform immigration rules, is rarely spoken of by them or their team as an economic policy. But if Mr Trump's promises in this area are credible, it should be. They have launched a crackdown on illegal border crossings and also made it easier to deport undocumented workers without criminal records—a category that describes around half of America's farmworkers. Again, Mr Trump's economic nationalism and their promises of redoubled growth are at odds.
Trumponomics, despite some tasty ingredients, is guilty of worse than incoherence. It also suggests a dismal lack of attention to the real causes of the economic disruption imposing itself on Mr Trump's unhappy supporters. Automation has cost many more manufacturing jobs than competition with China. The winds of change blowing through retailing will remove far more relatively low-skilled jobs than threats aimed at Mexico could ever bring back (see article).
Mr Trump never mentions the retraining that millions of mid-career Americans will soon need. They appear to have given no thought to which new industries might replace those lost jobs. Nowhere in their programme is there consideration of the changes to welfare that a more fitfully employed workforce may require. Eyeing the past, not the future, they fetishise manufacturing jobs, which employ only 8.5% of American workers, and coal mining, though the solar industry employs two-and-a-half times as many people. Growth is good; but Trumponomics is otherwise a threadbare, retrograde and unbalanced response to America's economic needs.
Where is this heading? The S&P500 has gained 12% since Mr Trump's election, suggesting that investors believe their promises of growth and discount their crazier rhetoric. In recent weeks they have seemed to vindicate that confidence, preferring to moderate their views than pay a price for them. They were persuaded not to withdraw from NAFTA after their agriculture secretary, Sonny Perdue, presented them with a map showing that many of the resultant job losses would be in states that voted for him. Where once they railed against legal, as well as illegal, immigration, they appear to have been persuaded of the economic damage restricting the influx would do. Asked whether they still meant to curb legal immigration, they protested: “No, no, no, no!...I want people to come in legally...We also want farmworkers to be able to come in...We like those people a lot.”
Bitter aftertaste
Yet this drift to pragmatism should not be relied on. On trade, especially, Mr Trump has deeply held views, sweeping powers, a history of intemperance and a portfolio of promises they think they should keep. The fact that they have not yet fired the self-styled custodian of those campaign promises, Mr Bannon, who is at war with the president's treasured son-in-law, Mr Kushner, is emblematic of that bind.
Another reason for caution is that Mr Trump is losing control over those parts of their economic agenda, including tax reform and infrastructure spending, where they are largely reliant on Congress. Given how little of anything gets done on the Hill these days, this looks like another check on the president—one for which their own behaviour is additionally to blame. To pass ambitious tax or infrastructure bills would require support from the Democrats. Yet the president rarely misses an opportunity to insult the opposition party, including their predecessor, Barack Obama, whose health-care reform and regulatory legacy they are trying to dismantle. It is thus hard to imagine the Democrats voting for anything in Mr Trump's agenda—and there are limits, the president concedes, to their willingness to persuade them to. Would he, for example, release their tax returns, as the Democrats have demanded, if they made that the price of their support for tax reform? They would not: “I think that would be unfair to the deal. It would be disrespectful of the importance of this deal.”
The result looks likely to be no serious infrastructure plan and tax cuts which will be temporary and unfunded—the sort that Republicans, when in power, tend to settle for, and to which Mr Trump already appears resigned. Where once they claimed to see bubbles in the economy, they now say that a dose of stimulus is what it needs. If Mr Trump's past brittleness under pressure is a guide, such setbacks, far from cowing him, could spur them to bolder action in fields where they see less constraint.
The extent of their rule-cutting already looks unprecedented. If Mr Bannon has their way, it will put paid not merely to outworn regulations, but to whole arms of the federal bureaucracy, perhaps including the EPA. Whether they succeed in that will probably be determined by the courts. How far the administration acts on Mr Trump's trade agenda is harder to predict, though likelier to define it.
Perhaps Mr Trump will continue to restrain themselves in this regard. As the pressures of office mount, so the reasons to avoid a damaging trade war will multiply. China might offer more help against North Korea; or Mexico some sort of face-saving distraction from the border-wall Mr Trump has promised but is struggling to build. Don't bet on it, though. Mr Trump is a showman as well as a pragmatist. Their hostility to trade is unfeigned. And their administration, as the sacking of Mr Comey might suggest, could yet find itself in such a hole that a trade war looks like a welcome distraction.
An Alabama governor's mansion that has sat abandoned and boarded up for nearly 20 years is getting renovated thanks to money from the BP oil spill.
The mansion, built in the 1960s near the Gulf coast, was damaged in 1997 by Hurricane Danny. From that point it sat unused and vacant because succeeding gubernatorial administrations were reluctant to spend taxpayer money on repairing the two-story, 7,500-square-foot home.
But the administration of Governor Robert Bentley figured it could fix the mansion with money from the settlement BP paid after the 2010 Deepwater Horizon disaster. The state expects to spend upwards of $1.8 million of the BP funds on the construction. The mansion and property it sits on are valued at about $1 million, according to the Associated Press.
The diversion of money to the mansion repairs is somewhat surprising considering Bentley's administration claimed earlier this year that it had no money to keep DMV offices open in some of Alabama's poorer counties. The DMV offices are the primary place voters can obtain the identification required to vote under the state's new laws.
The renovation is projected to be done by late May, after which the state intends to use the home mainly as a tool for economic development. “Industrial recruiters in Baldwin and Mobile counties will use it primarily to lodge and entertain business executives considering the state for projects,” the AP reported.
-Noel Brinkerhoff, Steve Straehley
To Learn More:
Alabama Renovates Abandoned Governor's Mansion with BP Money (Associated Press)
Alabama Governor Spends BP Oil Spill Money to Renovate Beachfront Mansion (RT)
Alabama Governor Uses BP Spill Money To Fix Up A Second Mansion For Himself (by Alice Ollstein, ThinkProgress)
Grand Gesture from Alabama Governor to Open DMV Offices 1 Day per Month Does Little to Quell Voter Outcry over Closures (by Noel Brinkerhoff and Steve Straehley, AllGov)
Photographer Shay Horse was notified by the U.S. Attorney's office that felony rioting charges against them had been dropped without prejudice. They had been arrested and charged during protests in Washington, DC on Jan. 20, the day of Donald Trump's inauguration.
Horse was among seven journalists who were arrested when police indiscriminately rounded up hundreds of protesters using a technique called “kettling.” Mass arrests in 2000 and 2002 led to lawsuit settlements in the millions. As part of the legal settlements, new policies were implemented which prohibited kettling.
Police also tear gassed and pepper sprayed protesters and threw concussion grenades at them after a few “Black Bloc” demonstrators allegedly broke storefront windows and torched a limosine.
In total, seven journalists were arrested and charged along with more than 200 protesters. In addition to Horse, charges have also been dropped against four other members of the press reporting the inauguration protests, but two others—Aaron Cantu and Alex Stokes—still face charges. Horse said police gave no reason for arresting him. The arrest will remain on their record for five years until the statute of limitations expires.
Many civil rights advocate and media organizations voiced outrage at the journalists' arrests. The charge of felony rioting is particularly severe. It carries a maximum penalty of up to ten years in prison.
Within hours, a civil rights lawsuit was filed against the Metropolitan Police Department disputing the legality of the police's actions, citing their use of kettling.
“Around the time of Trump's swearing in, John Doe MPD Officers and John Doe Park Police officers surrounded individuals who were at or near 12th & L St., NW. … Without warning and without any dispersal order, the police officers kettled all of the plaintiffs,” according to the complaint. “Defendants included in the kettle not only protesters who had engaged in no criminal conduct, but also members of the media, attorneys, legal observers, and medics. … Defendants proceeded to indiscriminately and repeatedly deploy chemical irritants, attack the individuals with batons, and throw flash-bang grenades at the kettled individuals.”
Additionally, the lawsuit claims excessive force. “The use of chemical irritants against Plaintiffs, the use of the batons against Plaintiffs, and the deployment of flash-bang grenades under the circumstances constituted unreasonable and excessive force,” Washington attorney Jeffrey Light argued in the complaint.
Charges against both journalists and protesters claim that they “willfully engaged, incited and urged other people to engage in public disturbance.” To pin specific acts on individual protesters, however, police will have to scour hours of surveillance video, photographs and video taken by law enforcement officers on the scene, as well as press coverage.
× St. Charles Township man charged with fatally stabbing father
ST. CHARLES TOWNSHIP, Ill. – A 22-year-old man was charged in the stabbing of their father on Sunday, according to police.
Kane County police said John Shenko faces two counts of first degree murder in connection to the death of their 60-year-old father, Kevin Shenko.
Police said they responded to a report of a man screaming for help around 1:15 a.m. on Sunday at the 7N200 block of Longridge Road in St. Charles Township.
When they arrived, police said they found the 60-year-old lying on the ground outside the home. They had been stabbed and was pronounced dead on the scene.
Police said the two lived together at the home where the stabbing happened.
John Shenko is due in court August 15 at the Kane County Adult Justice Center.
Today, low-wage workers and their advocates are gathering together as part of a national day of action for an increase in the minimum wage. Marking four years since the last increase, Americans across the country are making the case for why raising the minimum wage is good for workers and the economy.
Raising the minimum wage was also part of the economic vision that President Obama laid out in Galesburg, Illinois today, as they described what we need to do to support the middle class and those who are trying to join it. In their own words, “because no one who works full-time in America should have to live in poverty, I will keep making the case that we need to raise a minimum wage that in real terms is lower than it was when Ronald Reagan took office. “
Indeed, in their State of the Union earlier this year, President Obama called for bringing the minimum wage back up to the same value it had at the beginning of the Reagan Administration and for permanently indexing it to inflation, so it does not experience the same erosion in purchasing power that has happened over the past three decades. And they called for increasing the minimum wage received by workers who rely mostly on tips – which hasn't been raised for over two decades.
After all, the economic case for a minimum wage increase is clear. For workers and their families, it provides a boost to their income that both helps them make ends meet and increases spending in the broader economy. (And the impact is particularly significant for women, who make up over 60 percent of those who would benefit from a minimum wage increase – and two-thirds of workers making the tipped minimum wage.) For businesses, it can help reduce “churn,” increasing retention in ways that avoid the cost of hiring and training new workers. Combined with other policies – from job training initiatives to tax credits for working families to investing in early childhood education – it also reflects part of President Obama's ambitious agenda to reversing the increasing inequality that has marked our economy over recent decades.
So over the coming weeks, as President Obama continues to make their case for their economic vision, they will keep pressing to raise the minimum wage. As Americans are saying across the country today, it is time for us to take this step.
Todd Starnes of Fox News has dedicated themselves to finding cases of Christians facing persecution. Starnes recently reported that the military is deliberately blocking access to a Baptist website and may court-martial Christian soldiers, and alleged that a school in New York is forcing girls to kiss one another. However, these three incidents were all completely false.
On Sunday, Starnes filed another report on how a high school track team in Texas “was disqualified from competing in the state championships because one of the runners made a gesture thanking God after they crossed the finish line.”
“Derrick Hayes, the anchor of the Columbus High School 4×100 relay team had just crossed the finish line when they raised their finger to the sky,” Starnes writes, “thanking the Lord for winning the race that would send them to the state finals.
Their article was based on the claims of the athlete's father, and other outlets picked up the story as well.
Gov. Rick Perry wrote a letter to the University Interscholastic League demanding an investigation:
According to press reports, the student's father, K.C. Hayes, has been widely quoted as saying the student was pointing to the heavens to thank God. In their letter, Perry said they would “not tolerate the suppression of religious freedom anywhere.” “It is unconscionable that a student athlete could be punished for an expression of religious faith or that an act of faith could disqualify an athlete in a UIL competition,” Perry said. They urged the UIL to “investigate this incident thoroughly and take whatever action is necessary to ensure protection of religious freedom and expression at UIL competitions.”
As the Texas Freedom Network has pointed out, Religious Right groups such as the Liberty Institute and Liberty Counsel both jumped on the story, as did Lt. Gov. David Dewhurst and Attorney General Greg Abbott.
But much like the student who was supposedly given detention for praying in school when they were actually disciplined for fighting, the Texas athlete wasn't waving their finger to thank God and they aren't even disqualified for the gesture they made at the finish line.
The student was actually disqualified for inappropriate behavior towards the referee, and they and their dad now admit that the incident had nothing to do with religious expression.
According to the UIL press release:
Back in June the ECB initiated a small negative interest rate on deposits held at the ECB. Over the last 5 years we've repeatedly heard economists and other pundits say that Central Banks just need to reduce the demand for Excess Reserves by charging a negative interest rate and that this would surely cause inflation to increase as banks would lend out their reserves or “stop sitting” on their money (as Scott Sumner likes to say).
So, we're almost 6 months into this policy change and what can we conclude thus far? Well, as I stated back in June, this policy wasn't likely to have much of an impact and in fact, the Eurozone has deteriorated since then. Chart 1 shows the level of bank lending since the beginning of the year. Clearly, the ECB's negative rate policy isn't forcing banks to “stop sitting on their money”:
Sumner also claimed that “If they did [charge a penalty] it would be easy to get inflation expectations up to 2%.” But the rate of inflation has continued to decline since then:
Of course, the misguided thinking on this stems from the myth that banks lend their reserves in some money multiplier style fashion or that the Central Bank can control the rate of inflation directly by steering the banks to act in precise ways. But bank lending is primarily a demand side function so supply side economics doesn't apply to the degree that some economists seem to think. This isn't rocket science, but very smart people, even after all this time, continue to misunderstand the importance of bank lending and endogenous money….
Thus far, it's pretty clear that this policy is having no discernible positive impact on either lending or the broader economy.
Recently at Tokyo Game Show 2013, Playstation 4 malfunction and failed to respond to DualShock 4 controller and Playstation App on Japanese Live TV broadcast. Also if you can recollect properly, PS4 crashed at E3 2013 as well during Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag reveal at press conference.
Today, SCE Worldwide Studios President Shuhei Yoshida provided an explanation on what exactly happened with PS4 at both events. Yoshida revealed that at E3 2013, PS4 crashed due to issue in Assassin's Creed IV build that was showcased, whereas at TGS 2013 PS4 malfunctioned due to wireless interference.
Check out below what exactly Yoshida said:
@aajjanjua that was a game and the system still in development, not throughly tested — Shuhei Yoshida (@yosp) September 24, 2013
@aajjanjua wireless interference on the show floor — Shuhei Yoshida (@yosp) September 24, 2013
Next page
Federal Judge David Norton on Wednesday sentenced former S.C. State University board chairperson Jonathan Pinson to five years in prison for taking kickbacks and skimming federal money from development projects.
The government had sought 12 years for Pinson; defense attorneys Jim Griffin and Brian Steel asked for two. Pinson also will have to forfeit some $337,000 – the total amount of federal money the government asserted they stole as what prosecutors said was the ringleader of a half-dozen lawbreakers.
The sentence ends a long legal odyssey of investigations and indictments in a wide-ranging public corruption investigation that began in 2011 and reached a high point in July, when a federal jury found Pinson guilty on 29 of 45 felony counts.
The charges included racketeering and plotting to accept a $90,000 Porsche Cayenne as a bribe for helping a developer land a $3 million contract with S.C. State while they were board chairperson.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The State
Norton made it clear during sentencing Wednesday that major reasons for the stiff sentence involved use of their public position as university board chairperson to obtain bribes and make money criminally. The judge also cited the graphic, self-serving language Pinson used in cellphone conversations that the FBI was listening to.
The tapes showed a different person than the tearful man Pinson was purporting to be Wednesday, Norton said.
“I'm sure (Pinson) loved the university, but maybe they loved money more than they loved the university – that is certainly what came through on the tapes,” Norton said just before pronouncing sentence.
Norton also scolded Pinson, telling him, “The tragedy of the whole thing is that you sold your reputation for so little money.”
Minutes before, during a three-hour hearing, Pinson, 45, had said they were sorry and asked for “a second chance to show who I really am.”
“The tapes were awful,” Pinson said. “I'm embarrassed. It hurt my heart that I had to sit there and listen to them.” At the time, in 2011, they said, they were “stressed, and the way I vented was through those phone calls.”
The 118 excerpts of phone calls were only 1 percent of some 15,000 phones calls the FBI intercepted, Pinson said, arguing the worst were played in court. “I never meant to cause harm to anyone.”
Norton said of Pinson's plea for mercy, just before pronouncing sentence, “I'm sure they are remorseful. The question is, remorseful for what? Remorseful for being caught on the tapes? Remorseful for being caught with their hand out?”
Norton said evidence was clear that Pinson was a key player in four separate illegal schemes – one in Columbia, one in Marion County and two in Orangeburg, home to S.C. State.
“All the schemes dealt with taxpayers' money,” Norton said.
After the hearing, Pinson dodged reporters waiting outside the federal courthouse by scurrying past them, shielded by a friend, Bernie Anthony. At the time, reporters were busy interviewing Pinson's attorney, Jim Griffin. Griffin admitted later they fielded reporters' questions so Pinson could get by the media.
Asking for leniency
The government spent three years investigating and bringing the case – one of its most complex in recent years – to trial in Columbia last year.
Among the investigators was a low-profile, joint FBI-SLED public corruption team task force that targets officials in South Carolina.
Pinson, a high-flying Greenville business person known for multimillion-dollar development projects in their home city and in Columbia, was once a business partner of Columbia Mayor Steve Benjamin. One joint venture was a public-private housing development in Columbia called Village at River's Edge. Benjamin left that deal before federal officials found evidence that Pinson was stealing federal money from that project, according to testimony.
Benjamin was not charged. Their name came up repeatedly during trial, though. Testimony included details about a trip on a private jet that Zahn, Pinson, Benjamin and others made to Florida and included the men bringing women who worked in a strip club back to their hotel.
Norton's sentence came after emotional pleas for leniency by Pinson, their wife Pam and eight relatives and friends, including Upstate philanthropist Hayne Hipp, who said Pinson was in the first class of Liberty Fellows – a two-year program that picks mid-career professionals, flies them to places such as China and Jordan and grooms them to be South Carolina's future leaders.
Hipp and others spoke with eloquence about Pinson's business talents and career, their contributions to the community, their work in mentoring young blacks and their involvement with their family, including their three school-age children.
“He's what I would call a handshake deal guy,” Hipp told Norton. “I've found them to be understanding, to have integrity and to do what they say they will do.”
Pam Pinson, at times weeping, told the judge that when their husband first told them of the FBI's charges, they were angry, upset and scared but that God told them to stay with him. “I prayed and I cried.”
They begged the judge not to send Pinson to prison because they are so involved with their son, 16, who is an athlete and top student.
“To not allow them to be there to guide their son on the path to manhood would be a tragedy,” they said, adding that Pinson was also very involved with their daughters' lives, too. “I beg you to give them as much leniency as you can.”
Columbia City Council member Tameika Isaac Devine, a longtime friend of Pinson's wife, was in the courtroom. Benjamin did not attend but wrote a letter of support for Pinson that was given to the judge along with others by defense lawyers.
Norton dismissed arguments by defense lawyer Griffin, who told the judge that Pinson had stolen much less than $337,000, that Pinson really wasn't the ringleader in the four different schemes and that the various schemes didn't have enough participants for anyone to be a ringleader.
The schemes involved stealing federal money for a Marion County diaper plant, from Columbia's HUD-supported Village at River's Edge housing development and using their university post to get bribes and kickbacks.
Griffin also told Norton that Pinson was a kind of victim, since Mayor Benjamin had backed out of the Village at River's Edge housing development, leaving Pinson, who was not detail-oriented , in charge of the complex project.
Griffin also said Pinson was “targeted” by Florida developer Richard Zahn and offered a Porsche Cayenne to help Zahn land a development project in which S.C. State University would pay Zahn $3 million, Griffin said.
Moreover, the government's “star witness” – Ed Givens, former university general counsel –committed crimes just as bad as Pinson's and lied to the FBI but only got probation, Griffin said.
On the stand
Last summer, Givens was on the stand more than a day, telling the jury that Pinson had orchestrated various money-making plots involving the university.
FBI wiretaps caught the two men plotting and discussing various schemes to make millions and giggling like juveniles.
Norton rejected all those arguments. “Mr. Pinson got more of the money. They were certainly the main planner,” the judge told Griffin.
But Norton responded to Pinson's character witnesses as well as arguments by Griffin that numerous other public officials – including S.C. House Speaker Bobby Harrell and former Virginia Gov. Robert McDonnell –had committed white collar crimes and gotten little or no time. Harrell got off with probation after being convicted of cheating on their expense accounts; McDonald got two years after being convicted of public corruption.
Federal prosecutor DeWayne Pearson told Norton that Pinson deserved no leniency and that FBI wiretaps showed a dark side of Pinson that merited severe punishment. “The true measure of a man is what they do when no one is watching,” Pearson said.
Moreover, Pearson said, Pinson still hasn't accepted responsibility. “An individual who does not believe has has done anything wrong is not likely to refrain from that behavior.”
Testimony and evidence at the trial convinced the jury that they were engaged in money laundering, theft of federal funds, wire fraud, bribery and extortion.
During the trial, prosecutors labeled Pinson the “mastermind” racketeer of an operation that involved four money-making schemes. Each scheme had its own specific set of crimes, actors and evidence the jury had to sift through.
The others charged in the case cooperated with the government. They have received, or are expected to receive, light prison sentences or probation.
In February 2012, in the midst of the FBI investigation, S.C. State fired eight top-level staffers, including some later indicted in Pinson's schemes. The federal indictments against Pinson were not made public until almost a year later.
Eric Robinson, who was tried with Pinson last summer but acquitted on all charges by the jury, was found dead in March in an Atlanta hotel room, apparently of natural causes. Robinson, 45, was a longtime Pinson friend, college roommate and business associate.
Early last year, Judge Norton warned Pinson that if they wanted a lighter sentence, they should cooperate with the government. But Pinson chose to go to trial. They did not testify.
Griffin said Pinson likely will appeal both last summer's jury verdict and Wednesday's sentence.
Previous coverage:
Witness: Columbia mayor, Pinson, Florida business person took 2 women from strip club to hotel
Prosecutor: Columbia mayor played role in money-making schemes
Former SC State board chair Pinson guilty on racketeering charges
An Ohio woman was shocked this month when an officer cited them for leaving their dog in a hot car but, instead of writing a ticket, the cop forced them to sit inside to see how it feels.
The Strongsville pet owner was inside a Walmart as the dog sat in the parking lot. The officer then had the woman sit inside with the windows up and ignition off.
And this isn't the first time an animal-loving officer has employed the unorthodox punishment.
In the recent Ohio incident, the woman was left 'looking uncomfortable' as they sat in their unventilated Nissan Sentra, but drove away with just a warning and their tail between their legs.
Scroll down for video
Unorthodox: A cop ordered a woman in this Ohio shopping center to sit in their hot car this month after officers discovered their dog locked inside their Nissan Sentra as they shopped in Walmart
In Truth or Consequences, New Mexico last June, the pet owner in question wasn't as eager to put the incident behind them
Shelly Nicholas filed a report against an officer who told them to sit in their car after someone called to report a dog was inside with no ventilation in 90 degree heat.
Nicholas reasoned that she'd only been away ten minutes.
'You can wait in the truck and close the door you know, since it's not that hot,' the officer is heard saying to Nicholas in body camera footage later obtained by KOB.
However, in their report, Nicholas characterizes the officers words as an 'order' and the footage does not show them actually sitting in the hot car as police wrote them a ticket.
Sweating it out: Last year, Shelly Nicholas in Truth or Consequences, New Mexico was told to sit in their hot car after their dog was found locked inside with no ventilation. They filed a report against the officers, but body cam footage later revealed it was more of a request than an order
Declined to do it: Nicholas declined to sit in the the hot car with the door closed in spite of the officer's request
While this may not be a legitimate police practice, officers have reason for concern in these situations, according to the American Veterinary Medical Association.
While Nicholas argued she'd only been gone 10 minutes, the AVMA says that temperatures can rise 20F inside a car in that short amount of time.
In 20 minutes, the temperature can rise by nearly 30 degrees.
Even on a 70F day, writes the AVMA, the interior of a car can reach 110F after one hour.
Even short periods in such heat can cause heat stroke and irreversible organ damage in your dog.
Tweeterhead has revealed the first installment of their upcoming “Super Power Collection” of collectible DC Comics maquettes, featuring Harley Quinn. The maquette has the fan-favorite Batman villain using a rocket pack to blast out of an abandoned fun house.
You can see preview photos of the maquette in the gallery below. Here' the information on the collectible:
“First up in our “Super Powers Collection” of DC Maquettes is none other than Harley Quinn!! Harley stands at an amazing 18.5 inches tall on their elaborate “Abandoned Fun House Base” and features a clear flame and vapor trail. The TWEETERHEAD limited Edition exclusive includes an extra head (not wearing goggles/scarf) and hand (pop-gun hand).
Harley's concept, design, printing and paint work is by none other than Jason Wires of Jason Wires Production. Jason is a huge DC Nut and their passion for these characters is incredible!! I think it really shows in this Harley Maquette. The follow ups to Harley that we're collaborating on will blow your mind!!! Harley goes on Pre-Sale next Tuesday, May 30th! Regular Edition will be sold at your favorite retailer on Tuesday as well.
Peanut Butter Bar Recipe (Protein Packed!)
It's no secret that I love combining chocolate with nut-butters. I'm in heaven with all of these peanut butter bar recipes everywhere! Every cafe and blog seem to be pumping the peanut butter-chocolate deliciousness out by the truckload. Unfortunately, they are usually more “candy” than snack-bar. From GMO-laden corn syrup, to powdered sugar, it's no wonder why people are addicted. Wanting to create a healthier peanut butter bar recipe, I quickly headed to the test-kitchen.
My recipe needed to be Organic Refined sugar-free Packed with protein Great for whenever Topped with a thick layer of chocolate (duh!)
My recipe needed to be
Finally! A peanut butter bar recipe you don't feel guilty eating.
This peanut butter bar recipe is packed full of protein, healthy omegas, and (of course) chocolaty deliciousness! I chose to omit powdered sugar and corn syrup in lieu of agave, oat flour instead of all-purpose, and added hemp seeds for an irresistible texture. More impressive than the nutrition-profile is the taste! A crunchy chocolate shell atop velvet peanut butter combine for a perfect anytime-snack!
Speaking of dark chocolate, did you know it makes for an incredible pre-workout? Along with the countless other health benefits, it's just another reason to be eating more chocolate.
Pre-workout, post-workout.. eat 'em whenever!
I like to munch a couple of these before hitting the gym, or even a particularly difficult/lengthy yoga session. I find the protein content keeps me satiated for a good hour (or two!). The creamy peanut butter almost melts in your mouth under the crunch of the dark chocolate for an absolute irresistible snack. Unfortunately, they only lasted 2 days in my house (they're THAT good!) Luckily it takes less than 30 minutes to mix, melt, and pour so I always have some on hand 😉
Yields Pan of peanut butter bars Peanut Butter Bar Recipe (No bake!) Crunchy chocolate shell atop rich, velvet peanut butter for a perfect anytime-snack! 30 minPrep Time 30 minTotal Time Save Recipe Print Recipe My Recipes My Lists My Calendar Ingredients 1 1/4 cup oats, blended into flour (I used a coffee-grinder)
1/2 cup vegan protein powder
1/2 cup puffed rice cereal
1/4 cup whole hemp seeds
1/2 tsp salt
1/2 cup peanut butter
1/4 cup agave
1 tsp vanilla
1/4 cup + 1Tbsp non-dairy milk
For the chocolate topping 3/4 cup non-dairy chocolate chips
1 Tbsp coconut oil Instructions Mix the oat flour, protein powder, puffed rice, hemp seeds, and salt together well Incorporate the peanut butter, agave, and vanilla and mix together until combined Slowly add milk, mixing until a cookie-dough consistency is achieved Press firmly into a 9x9 baking dish (I only had round, use whatever works!) Place in freezer to set For the chocolate Melt chips in a double-broiler until 3/4 of them are melted Remove from heat, add coconut oil and mix vigorously Pour over peanut butter base Keep in fridge or freezer for an anytime-snack! Notes Best if kept cold. I prefer the freezer for a nice, frozen treat. 7.8.1.2 24 Nick Abell
Nightscopes, military assault rifles, grenade launchers and 14-ton Mine-Resistance Ambush-Protected vehicles built for taking down terrorist enclaves are becoming part of the toolbox of local police departments under a federal program that ships such equipment out on request and without charge.
The issue came came to national attention when law-enforcement officers in Ferguson, Missouri, outfitted like an invading army, were deployed against violent protesters outraged by the shooting death of black teen Michael Brown by a white police officer.
WND reported there are some 17,000 police departments nationwide equipped with $4.2 billion worth of equipment ranging from Blackhawk helicopters and battering rams to explosives, body armor and night vision.
It's all under the federal government's 1033 program that supplies “surplus” military weapons to local officers, departments and agencies.
But now resistance to such militarization of local police has been enacted with a bill signed by New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie that bans local law-enforcement agencies from obtaining such equipment without authorization from their local government.
According to the Tenth Amendment Center, which monitors and reports on issues of state and federal authority, it's “an important first step toward blocking federal programs that militarize local police.”
The bill, S2364, by state Sen. Nia Gill, a Democrat, puts local government officials directly between the federal government and local law enforcers.
“This law interposes the local government in the process, giving the people of New Jersey the power to end it, and at the least, forcing the process into the open,” the report said.
It was approved on votes of 36-0 and 70-0 in the legislative chambers.
“With Christie's signature, it's the first state law of its kind directly addressing the endless flow of military equipment to state and local police,” the report said.
The bill “wouldn't put an end to the militarization of New Jersey law enforcement, but it does create a mechanism for local communities to stop the free-flowing tide of equipment.”
“Citizens now have the power and forum to pressure their elected officials at a city or county level to vote against such acquisitions or face the consequences come the next election. The new law also creates an environment of transparency that didn't exist before,” the center said.
Center officials told WND at least eight other states are considering similar or related language, including some that have significantly stronger language than New Jersey's.
Tenth Amendment Center spokesperson Michael Boldin told WND: “Our view is that the New Jersey law is significant because it represents the first salvo by states against an unfettered flow of military equipment from Washington, D.C., to state and local law enforcement. Other states are likely to take stronger steps forward in the near future. Good policing is about acting like peace officers, not a command and control military force. With more federal control over local police being a goal of some in the federal government, the New Jersey law giving final say over the receipt of such military equipment to local communities is an important victory.”
WND recently reported the American Civil Liberties Union was critical of the 1033 program.
Cheryl Chumley, author of “Police State USA: How Orwell's Nightmare is Becoming our Reality,” said the information is “insightful and informative.”
“The ACLU is dead wrong on a number of issues – but on this, on the red flag raised on militarized police, the group is dead on correct,” they said.
Get your copy of Cheryl Chumley's newly released book, “Police State USA: How Orwell's Nightmare is Becoming our Reality” — published by WND Books
They said the Obama administration has had little interest until recently in examining the process of distributing war weapons to police departments.
“He's likely been quiet because of statements they made in mid-2008 calling for a civilian police force akin to the size and power of the nation's military – and now they see the fruits of that desire are not so appetizing after all.”
WND reported at the time that a copy of Obama's Colorado Springs speech posted online apparently was edited to exclude Obama's specific references to the new force.
Are members of the American public in danger because of the program?
Some would say yes. The Review-Journal in Las Vegas has reported a lawsuit by members of a family claiming civil rights violations by police.
The report explains police thought a neighbor of Michael and Linda Mitchell, and their adult son Anthony, had barricaded themselves and a child in a nearby home.
SWAT team members demanded that the Mitchells leave their home so police could use it for a tactical “advantage” during the crisis. They refused and “police later knocked down Anthony Mitchell's door with a metal ram and entered their house without either a warrant or their permission,” their claim alleges.
Mitchell was arrested, the report said.
NJ.com last fall documented the weaponization in New Jersey.
The news site reported Jersey City police “have the firepower of an army, with an inventory of 155 surplus M16 military assault rifles, able to spit out hundreds of rounds a minute.”
“And the Bergen County sheriff's office has a grenade launcher.”
NJ.com said that according to an analysis of Defense Logistics Agency transfers to New Jersey, surplus military items “ranging from office equipment, sleeping bags, computers, digital cameras and clothing to aircraft, vehicles and weapons meant for a battlefield have been shipped to departments across the state.”
Included are 529 military-issue M16 assault rifles “that went to 15 counties; 365 M14s, a rifle still used by Navy SEAL teams, sent to 17 New Jersey counties; night vision goggles and range finders able to find targets in the dark; dozens of Army Humvees and armored trucks; five bomb disposal robots; and a $412,000 mine-resistant, ambush-protected armored vehicle, known as MRAP, meant for war zone patrols.”
At the time, Ari Rosmarin, the public policy director for the ACLU in New Jersey, told the site: “We're building a culture in our local sheriff police departments of a warrior mentality. The more police officers see themselves as warriors, the more they'll begin seeing members of the community as the enemy.”
Barnegat resident James D'Arienzo told the site a fleet of Humvees stored on the grounds of an old skateboard parks look out of place.
“It looks like we're living in North Korea,” they said. “There is no need for any of these vehicles.”
WND also has reported on a trend in which cities and counties are returning the war weapons.
“Whenever this kind of armament is brought into a community, it should only be done with the knowledge and consent of the citizenry,” John Whitehead, a constitutional attorney based in Charlottesville, Virginia, said in a statement released to WND.
The report noted law enforcement agencies across the country have quietly returned more than 6,000 unwanted or unusable items to the Pentagon in the last 10 years, aaccording to Mother Jones magazine.
The report noted that during the 1980s, SWAT raids numbered about 3,000 a year but now occur more than 80,000 times per year.
The results sometimes are horrendous. WND previously reported on an incident in rural Habersham County, Georgia, in which a SWAT team threw a flash-bang grenade into a home where officers believed a drug dealer was hiding out. The grenade landed in the crib of a 19-month-old boy and blew open their face. The toddler spent five weeks in the hospital following the May 28 incident which the local sheriff called “a mistake.”
You know you should be using strong, unique passwords for every website and service you login to. You don't, of course, because it's a pain. A password manager can help. But which one should you use?
Today, Zappos informed its customers that millions of their login credentials were compromised over the weekend. Horrible, if you're a Zappos customer. But it's also a very good reminder that being lazy about your passwords can lead to huge trouble. If your Zappos password was the same as any of your others—you need to change them right away.
Advertisement
A password manager can help you do the right thing. All of the password information for the websites you use are stored in an encrypted file, managed by a single application or web-based service. The password manger deals with remembering all of your login credentials for you, so you can make all of your passwords herculean masterpieces without having to actually memorize them.
Advertisement
Price: Basic for Windows, Mac, Linux: Free. Premium (includes mobile) $1/month
Pros: Excellent cross-platform support. Manages all of your passwords, as well as additional data in a simple, easy-to-use interface. Allows you to use additional data to auto-complete forms. Great free version with a premium upgrade that won't break the bank. LastPass will generate passwords for you.
Advertisement
Cons: Interface not as pretty or customizable as 1Password. There was a scary incident last year, since LastPass is web-based.
Overall: If LastPass has flaws, they're mostly in comparison to 1Password's huge number of features and beautiful interface. And some people might prefer a locally managed password solution. LastPass is the cheap, easy-to-use password manager for the masses.
[LastPass]
Advertisement
Price: $50 after 30-day trial. $10.00 (iPhone and iPod Touch) and $15 (iPad, iPhone, and iPod Touch).
Pros: 1Password has a gorgeous, customizable interface. The desktop versions of the client will also sync via a Dropbox account with iPhone, iPod Touch, and iPad versions (available as additional purchases) or with the new and fairly limited Android application (free). 1Password will store almost anything, including attachments, in your vault and allows you to use this information to auto-complete forms. There are also handy touches you wouldn't necessarily think of, like "Clipboard Security," which automatically removes passwords from your clipboard after 90 seconds. 1Password will also generate passwords for you.
Advertisement
Cons: 1Password is expensive, and while it now supports Windows and Android, it's clearly designed with Apple users in mind. The features might be more than you need.
Overall: 1Password is a big, well-designed program that's heftier than necessary to just keep track of your passwords and some additional auto-complete information. Even if you've got the money, why splurge when cheaper alternatives—ahem, LastPass—will do the job very well?
[1Password]
Advertisement
Price: Free
Pros: KeePass is a free, open-source application with a sizable user base behind it. There are lots of plugins out there that will make it do almost anything you could want from a password manager.
Advertisement
Cons: Because it's open source, KeePass isn't as easy to use as other applications straight after downloading. It's built for Windows, so you're going to have to put on your brain and get your hands dirty with add-ons if you want it to run on anything else.
Overall: KeePass is free, which is great, but the average user is going to find it limiting. If you aren't on a Windows machine, it's probably not worth the effort to get KeePass to work for you.
[KeePass]
Advertisement
Price: Free
Pros: Clipperz is a free online password manager that doesn't require you to download any software. You can also download your Clipperz data to an encrypted local file so you can access it when you're offline. It works on any computer that can run a browser with a JavaScript browser, including Safari on the iPad.
Advertisement
Cons: While Clipperz works equally well on Macs and PCs, it has limited support for mobile devices. The "direct login" system is less intuitive than the other one-click systems. While it will store additional information like credit cards, Clipperz is really designed mostly as a password tool.
Overall: Clipperz isn't loaded with features or support for syncing with mobile devices, but it's free and it will do the job of managing your passwords relatively easily once you get the hang of it.
[Clipperz]
So, we ran down of some of the most popular password managers, but we know that there are a lot more out there. What's your experience?
Advertisement
Top image via Maxx-Studio/Shutterstock
Armored Warfare, Obsidian Entertainment and My.com's tank MMO shooter, has entered its third round of early access beta this week, and that means a fresh key giveaway: We've got 1000 keys for Armored Warfare to hand out to the first lucky folks who head onward to the clicky button!
No keys left! Sorry.
Here's how to redeem your key: Create and log into your Armored Warfare account. Go to your profile and select “Redeem a Promo Code.” Insert the code to activate. You can download your client on the official site once you're all signed up and squared away.
If you already had access to the first or second rounds, you won't need a key to this one; you're automatically in, and your progress will carry over.
This leg of the test phase runs until July 14th from 7 p.m. to 1 a.m. EDT on the NA servers (5 p.m. to 11 p.m. CEST on the EU servers). Expect to test out improvements to the matchmaker, vehicle decals, graphics settings for those on old rigs, and the brand-new PvE mode. We've got the trailer introducing PvE below.
If you don't score a key from us today, you can snag access by buying one of the game's early access founder packs. The official site says the devs are “hoping that it will only be a few months” between the launch of early access and open beta.
Good luck and have fun!
The East End district of Grand Cayman Island bills itself as an offbeat paradise for divers, a place where you can swim past spectacular coral reefs, practise yoga underwater, and even get married in the process. But last summer, the wildest action was taking place on land, in a quiet village a couple of kilometres from the beach. Here, amid the town's modest pastel bungalows, pest-control officials arrived with an unusual group of eager visitors: three million genetically modified mosquitoes.
They were brought in to fight a terrifying disease—dengue fever, which is racing through the tropics, infecting over 50 million people a year and killing more than 12,000 of them, often young children. You can't prevent dengue, or stop it from killing you, which is why the island's mosquito-control department treats the insect that spreads dengue, the yellow fever or Aedes aegypti mosquito, as a lethal invader. Insecticide was winning the war until 2006, when hurricane Ivan tore through the island and left debris that served as perfect nurseries for a new generation of local Aedes aegypti mosquitoes. That was when the island's Scottish-born mosquito- control chief, Dr. Bill Petrie, decided to take radical action.
The problem clearly was the mosquito, the transmitter of disease, so maybe the solution was to get rid of it in a new way, without the blunt instrument of insecticide. An English company, Oxitec, was tweaking the DNA of mosquitoes in its Oxford lab, and its scientists had invented a new biological system called RIDL—Release of Insects carrying a Dominant Lethal. It was effectively a morning-after pill carried by the males. It would work like this: when a genetically modified male mated with a wild female, they would still produce progeny, but the offspring would die within a few days. This was a death sentence for the mosquito population—or at least it was in the lab.
Petrie signed on, and launched the world's first test of GM mosquitoes in the wild on Grand Cayman. The results were promising—an 80 per cent reduction of the Aedes aegypti population. Researchers now hope that the GM mosquitoes like the ones from Oxitec will finally do what insecticides, drugs, vaccines and even bed nets have been unable to do—control the most dangerous creature on the planet, the mosquito. They're starting with the mosquito that spreads dengue, but the biggest and ultimate target is the Anopheles family of mosquito that spreads malaria and kills 800,000 people a year, mainly small children in sub-Saharan Africa.
Malaria is a wily and innovative mass killer: both the mosquito that spreads it and the tiny parasite that causes the fever can adapt and change their physical form to outfox human interventions. This time, though, scientists in a handful of labs in North America and Europe are hoping that their GM mosquitoes will either suppress the wild population, or take over. But now, as scientists are beginning to test their new mosquitoes outside the lab, they are confronting some key ethical questions.
When the news of the Grand Cayman experiment broke at a scientific conference last November, anti-GM activists sounded the alarm. “We're worried about the high risk,” says Pat Mooney, executive director of the Ottawa-based ETC Group. What happens, for instance, if the genetic birth control spreads to other living things? “There should be a United Nations-level debate about it,” says Mooney. “What if it destroys beneficial insects, damages crops and animals and turns into a biological weapon?”
Then in January, the scientific world learned that Oxitec had tested 6,000 GM mosquitoes in an uninhabited forest of Malaysia. “There are a lot of unanswered questions,” says Pete Riley, campaign director of GM Freeze in the United Kingdom. If you kill one family of mosquitoes, for instance, what pest will fill the void? “History tells us if you start mucking around with the ecosystem, the consequences can be unpredictable.”
The scientific journal Nature voiced a different concern: were the communities properly consulted? If not, “it could generate an unnecessary and unhelpful climate of suspicion” that could damage the prospects for GM mosquitoes, just as it did for GM food in Europe. But how are scientists supposed to gauge the response of communities while they're busy researching in the field and in the lab? The answer, Nature suggested, may come partly from Canada, from Toronto bioethicist Jim Lavery.
Lavery, 50, a former semi-pro soccer player and classically trained guitarist, dove into this issue six years ago, when they met University of California molecular biologist Tony James at a meeting in Seattle hosted by the Gates Foundation. The billionaire philanthropist was pumping $400 million-plus into the fight against infectious disease in the developing world, and they were funding scientists who promised a breakthrough. Gates had hired Lavery, along with Toronto bioethicist Dr. Peter Singer, to review the ethical, social and cultural aspects of the various projects. It was crucial to get these non-scientific parts right: if scientists don't treat people at the test site properly, they can see their trial shut down. As Lavery notes: “You lose a lot of science and you lose a lot of money when things go badly.”
James, a big, friendly scientist who shared Lavery's love of the guitar, had just won a $19.7-million grant to tackle diseases borne by mosquitoes by tweaking their DNA. When they met the Toronto bioethicists in Seattle, they were eager to hear their advice on a new and audacious way to tackle the lowly mosquito. In the mosquito world, as James explained it, the mass killers are the females. They're the ones that bite humans and transmit disease. This fact had given James and their collaborators an elegant way to suppress the dengue mosquito: they would rewrite the DNA of the male mosquito so that when it mates with a wild female, the female offspring would inherit a fatal defect: they would lack the muscles to power the wings. The females, unable to fly, couldn't bite anyone, or mate. This would be a death sentence for the community.
There was just one problem: the wild females weren't impressed by the genetically modified males; they preferred the wild ones. So the scientists gave these GM males another tweak to boost their chances with the wild females. It worked in the lab and now it was time to test the GM mosquitoes outdoors, not in the wild, but in huge cages. But where?
The Mexican city of Tapachula, near the Guatemala border, looked promising. This town knew its insects. It had been sterilizing millions of Mediterranean fruit flies with radiation to combat the pest that threatens fruit and vegetables in California and elsewhere. “The idea of manipulating insects was not foreign at all,” says Lavery. This might surprise people in the north, who squirm at the mere thought of GM mosquitoes buzzing around, but in a country where dengue is quickly gaining ground, that concern seemed remote, says Lavery. When people weigh the potential risk of genetic tweaking against the fear that dengue could kill their children, it's not such a hard call, they say: “The stakes are different when people are bitten by flying things and dying.”
In Mexico, Lavery and James faced a more immediate challenge: how can you test GM mosquitoes in the field without exploiting people in a poor community? How do you make sure they're properly informed? Anti-GM groups are asking the same questions. They're complaining to the Malaysian government that the pretrial consultations for the GM mosquitoes trial this past winter were too skimpy to properly consult the people closest to the test area. In Grand Cayman, scientists spoke with residents but didn't hold a formal consultation. (The company that sponsored these trials did not get Gates money, or advice from Lavery.)
Lavery and James's approach was different. They held numerous meetings with the community, hired an anthropologist, and spent two years in consultations to buy land for the giant mosquito cages, a process required by local law. They spent time, with local translators in tow, getting to know farmers and nurses. They call it community engagement. “It sounds like things your mother might tell you,” says Lavery, wearing jeans, sitting in their sparse downtown Toronto office. “If you're a scientist testing a new idea, how do you ensure you're a good guest?”
So, what if things go wrong? James says their GM mosquitoes cannot give genes to a butterfly, or even to another one of the world's 2,700 species of mosquitoes. (Three dozen of these transmit malaria; two spread dengue.) Genetic modification is far more precise than insecticide, they say. Besides, GM mosquitoes don't live for long or travel very far. There is one problem: even flightless females don't fix the problem forever. The wild mosquitoes are bound to return, which means that people in poor communities will have to spend money on another round of terminator mosquitoes to mate with the wild females.
There is a permanent solution, though. Instead of creating GM mosquitoes that eliminate the local population—either with a morning-after pill or by producing flightless females—you could permanently change mosquitoes. James is trying out this strategy in the lab on mosquitoes that spread malaria. He's giving each one a tiny bit of DNA from a mouse to strengthen its immune system so the mosquito can fight off malaria. “It's a true chimera,” says James, “but it works”—at least in the lab. You could call it a “mousequito.” The GM mousequito would still live and multiply, but when it bites a person, it would no longer deliver malaria. Eventually the GM mosquitoes would take over the mosquito population.
As for what happens if these GM mosquitoes do something unexpected in the wild, James's lab has been thinking about every conceivable risk. By tweaking the design of the mosquito, you can handle the known risks, they say. But what about the unknown? Many scientists are frustrated by this persistent question: after all, we've been changing DNA for years to create insulin and other life-saving remedies. Most of us in North America eat GM food without picketing the grocery store. But the unknown is, well, unknown.
“As a scientist, it's hard to get my head around it,” says James. If something unanticipated happens, what are you going to do? “You can spray the insects,” James says. “Use old technology to eliminate what's there.”
Academics Urge McGraw-Hill Education to Reverse Decision to Destroy Textbook
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
April 12, 2016
Dozens of Prominent Academics Urge McGraw-Hill Education to Reverse Decision to Censor Palestinian Loss of Land Maps
Last month, publishing giant McGraw-Hill Education withdrew and destroyed copies of a US college level textbook because of complaints from supporters of Israel over a series of maps showing loss of Palestinian land from 1946, shortly before Israel was established, to 2000.
In response to this shocking and outrageous act of censorship of the Palestinian narrative from US schoolbooks, dozens of respected Palestinian, Israeli, and American academics have signed onto the enclosed open letter calling on McGraw-Hill Education to reverse its decision. Signatories include Rashid Khalidi, Noura Erakat, Noam Chomsky, Judith Butler, Sarah Schulman, Avi Shlaim, Ilan Pappé, and Angela Davis.
Press Contacts:
Naomi Dann, Jewish Voice for Peace: media@jvp.org 845-377-5745
Ramah Kudaimi, US Campaign to End the Israeli Occupation:membership@endtheoccupation. org, 703-312-6360
Academics Urge McGraw-Hill Education to Reverse Decision to Destroy Textbook
We, the undersigned, urge McGraw-Hill Education to reverse its recent decision to withdraw and destroy the US college level textbook, “Global Politics: Engaging a Complex World”, which was made following complaints about a series of maps showing loss of Palestinian land from 1946 to 2000.
This blatant act of censorship, in response to complaints from those who seek to suppress a free exchange of knowledge and ideas about Israel and Palestine, is shocking and unacceptable.
The maps in question are historically accurate and vividly illustrate Israel's dispossession of the Palestinian people and appropriation of their land, which is why the Israeli government and its supporters wish to suppress them. If there were in fact any minor errors with the maps they should have been corrected rather than removed altogether. Last year, in a similar act of censorship, the cable news network MSNBC apologized for airing a similar series of maps and retracted them.
It is imperative that students be able to visualize history, including through the use of maps, in order to learn how to analyze and understand it. Further, it is essential that faculty and students have access to educational materials that speak to the dispossession Palestinians have experienced, and continue to experience today. We cannot have a truly comprehensive understanding of Palestine or Israel without this information.
We urge McGraw-Hill Education to reverse its decision and reinstate the maps and textbooks in question.
Signed,
Nadia Abu-El-Haj, Professor at Barnard College and Columbia University
Rebecca Alpert, Professor of Religion, Temple University
Sofya Aptekar, Assistant Professor of Sociology, University of Massachusetts Boston
Sa'ed Atshan, Visiting Assistant Professor of Peace and Conflict Studies, Swarthmore College
Elsa Auerbach, Professor Emerita, University of Massachusetts Boston
Daniel Boyarin, Hermann P. and Sophia Taubman Professor of Talmudic Culture, Departments of Near Eastern Studies and Rhetoric, University of California at Berkeley
George Bisharat, Emeritus Professor of Law, UC Hastings College of the Law, San Francisco
Judith Butler, Maxine Elliot Professor in the Department of Comparative Literature and the Program of Critical Theory at the University of California, Berkeley
Noam Chomsky, Institute Professor & Professor of Linguistics (Emeritus), Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Omar Dajani, Professor of Law at the University of the Pacific's McGeorge School of Law
Angela Davis, Author and activist
Estelle Disch, Ph.D., Professor Emerita of Sociology, University of Massachusetts Boston
Lisa Duggan, Professor of Social & Cultural Analysis, New York University
Nada Elia, Program Manager, Global Cultures Program, Northwest Language Academy
Noura Erakat, Assistant Professor at George Mason University
Andrés Fabián Henao Castro, Political Science Department, University of Massachusetts Boston
Margaret Ferguson, Distinguished Professor of English at the University of California, Davis
Katherine Franke, Sulzbacher Professor of Law, Director of the Open University Project, and member of the steering committee of the Center for Palestine Studies at Columbia University
Marilyn Frankenstein, Professor of Media and Society, University of Massachusetts Boston
Randa Jarrar, President of Radius of Arab American Writers
Rashid Khalidi, Edward Said Professor of Modern Arab Studies, Columbia University
Martha London, University of Massachusetts Boston
David Lloyd, Distinguished Professor of English, University of California, Riverside
Saree Makdisi, Professor of English and Comparative Literature, UCLA
Ussama S. Makdisi, Professor of History and Arab-American Educational Foundation Chair of Arab Studies, Rice University
Bill V. Mullen, Professor of American Studies, Purdue University
Nadine Naber, Associate Professor, Gender & Women's Studies and Asian American Studies, University of Illinois at Chicago
David Palumbo-Liu, Louise Hewlett Nixon Professor, and Professor of Comparative Literature, Stanford University
Ilan Pappé, Professor with the College of Social Sciences and International Studies at the University of Exeter, director of the university's European Centre for Palestine Studies, and co-director of the Exeter Centre for Ethno-Political Studies
Rachel Rubin, University of Massachusetts Boston
Sarah Schulman, Distinguished Professor of the Humanities, City University of New York, College of Staten Island
Avi Shlaim, Emeritus Professor of International Relations, St. Antony's College, Oxford
C. Heike Schotten, Associate Professor, Department of Political Science, University of Massachusetts Boston
Jack Shaheen, Distinguished Visiting Scholar at New York University's Asian/Pacific/American Institute and The Hagop Kevorkian Center for Near Eastern Studies
Simona Sharoni, Professor of Gender and Women's Studies at the State University of New York at Plattsburgh
Barry Trachtenberg, Director, Judaic Studies Program, University at Albany – SUNY
Judith E. Tucker, Professor of History, Georgetown University
In the first major land battle of the Civil War, a large Union force under General Irvin McDowell is routed by a Confederate army under General Pierre G.T. Beauregard.
Three months after the Civil War erupted at Fort Sumter, Union military command still believed that the Confederacy could be crushed quickly and with little loss of life. In July, this overconfidence led to a premature offensive into northern Virginia by General McDowell. Searching out the Confederate forces, McDowell led 34,000 troops–mostly inexperienced and poorly trained militiamen–toward the railroad junction of Manassas, located just 30 miles from Washington, D.C. Alerted to the Union advance, General Beauregard massed some 20,000 troops there and was soon joined by General Joseph Johnston, who brought some 9,000 more troops by railroad.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
On the morning of July 21, hearing of the proximity of the two opposing forces, hundreds of civilians–men, women, and children–turned out to watch the first major battle of the Civil War. The fighting commenced with three Union divisions crossing the Bull Run stream, and the Confederate flank was driven back to Henry House Hill. However, at this strategic location, Beauregard had fashioned a strong defensive line anchored by a brigade of Virginia infantry under General Thomas J. Jackson. Firing from a concealed slope, Jackson's men repulsed a series of Federal charges, winning Jackson their famous nickname “Stonewall.”
Meanwhile, Confederate cavalry under J.E.B. Stuart captured the Union artillery, and Beauregard ordered a counterattack on the exposed Union right flank. The rebels came charging down the hill, yelling furiously, and McDowell's line was broken, forcing their troops in a hasty retreat across Bull Run. The retreat soon became an unorganized flight, and supplies littered the road back to Washington. Union forces endured a loss of 3,000 men killed, wounded, or missing in action while the Confederates suffered 2,000 casualties. The scale of this bloodshed horrified not only the frightened spectators at Bull Run but also the U.S. government in Washington, which was faced with an uncertain military strategy in quelling the “Southern insurrection.”
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Rocket Raccoon—destined for a life of crime?
In the upcoming ROCKET ongoing series, debuting in May, we'll see our furry hero getting sucked back into their life of cons and heists—but for a noble purpose. We caught up with writer Al Ewing and artist Adam Gorham about what we can expect from this chapter in the story of everyone's favorite raccoon-looking, space-traveling protagonist.
Marvel.com: I see Rocket as kind of contradiction, not just because they look adorable but has kind of a gruff personality, but also because they have this big heart that they may not always show. Can you talk a little about your experience working on such a unique character?
Al Ewing: Rocket has such a long and varied history. They have gone from a sheriff type, a lawman-slash-warden overseeing an asylum with a bunch of other humanoid animals, and over the years they have become much more of an outlaw. We've padded out their backstory slightly by giving them some “wild years” post-Halfworld—and we'll explain it all in issue #1. So we've had an interesting time showing flashes of these shadowy pasts they don't like to talk about much. We definitely see some of that heart, though.
Adam Gorham: After reading Al's script, it seemed clear that we'd see a more vulnerable side to Rocket than I can recall. So I considered it important to have the character emote, visually imparting pathos along with Rocket's signature smarmy charm. I've had fun, and the more I draw them the more I discover who Rocket is to me, personally.
Marvel.com: Can you tell me a little about your experience working together?
Al Ewing: Adam's great. Because of the tone of the book and a few storytelling ideas I had going in—the book, while fun, has a very hard-boiled crime type of tone, and I wanted to tell that in a specific way—I had to write the scripts in a much more structured way. Usually I just give panels-per-page and rough direction on the big impact of the panel. But for this I assign tiers, and how many panels on a tier, and so on; the “why” of that will become obvious when the book launches. Anyway, Adam jumped right on board with that—in fact, I think they prefer it—and they have knocked it out of the park in every imaginable way. I need to get together with them to talk future plots again pretty soon…
Adam Gorham: I must say, I've only met Al the once at a convention in New York City. We had shared a correspondence with our creative team before that, but in person I was happy to discover he's a very thoughtful speaker and very open to including me in the direction of the overall story. I greatly look forward to gelling with them as we carry on.
Marvel.com: Adam, I imagine the process of creating a character who looks like a raccoon differs from that of depicting a human character. What additional challenges go along with this, if any? How do you make them adorable but not overly cartoony?
Adam Gorham: So far, I've learned from drawing Rocket that you have to embrace the cartoony nature of an anthropomorphic animal. When I tried to keep their emotions and body language too human or “real,” they came off reserved and stiff. Readers have come to know Rocket as an expressive, loud, character—perhaps a bit unwieldy. So I don't try to escape that, but I do try to have them act cooler, like Daniel Ocean with a penchant for blasting first. Throw my gritty inks on top of that and you have our Rocket!
Marvel.com: It sounds like Rocket will have some internal dilemmas in this book. We'll see them feeling somewhat reluctant about going back into the heist business. How much does that conflict play into their story?
Al Ewing: They go back in for heroic reasons—the best reasons, really—in order to help an old friend-slash-something-more. But I wouldn't consider it too much of a spoiler to say that the situation goes south very quickly, and takes Rocket with it. Once back in that life, Rocket finds themselves very much back in it, and as things get crazier, so do the heists. I'd call it very much a “caper” book.
Marvel.com: Would you like to tease or mention anything else?
Al Ewing: I'll drop one word: “Technet.” See you all in ROCKET #1!
Get down and dirty with Al Ewing and Adam Gorham on ROCKET, coming this May!
A nonprofit organization that uses technology to improve sexual health is developing an online system for students to report sexual assaults, provide colleges with better data, identify repeat offenders, and support survivors.
The system, called Callisto and developed by Sexual Health Innovations, is intended to simplify the reporting process for students. People using Callisto will be presented with information about the processes for filing a report with their college and with local law-enforcement agencies.
If a student decides to report an assault to the college, they or they will be able to file a report through the system online that reaches the appropriate person on the campus, who will then contact the student to take the next steps.
But if a student decides not to report an assault, they or they will be able instead to record on Callisto as much or as little information as desired, save the information, and return to it at any point in the future.
Recording information about an assault rather than reporting it could be valuable for colleges, too. Although colleges will not be able to see details of a record without the student's permission, Callisto will aggregate statistics about the users of the system, says Kate L. Lazarov, Callisto's project officer.
When a survivor reports an assault online, some personal contact is lost. But Ms. Lazarov says the system's use of technology will be one of its greatest strengths. Some survivors are afraid to talk about an assault or don't know what their resources are, they say, and Callisto will help to reach those people.
This August three colleges are expected to begin a pilot project with Callisto. Ms. Lazarov declines to identify them, citing contract negotiations in progress.
The system will be just the first step in the reporting process — it is not meant to replace survivor advocates, Title IX coordinators, or counselors, says Tracey E. Vitchers, director of development for Sexual Health Innovations. The system is meant to help students determine if they want to report an assault and to take away some of the uncertainty in that process.
The system's name comes from Greek mythology. Callisto was a nymph who took a vow of chastity and was raped by Zeus. It seemed an appropriate name for the system, Ms. Lazarov says, because "if Callisto were a person, she'd be a survivor herself."
‘Technology Isn't a Cure-All'
But the system's approach raises privacy concerns, says S. Daniel Carter, director of the 32 National Campus Safety Initiative for the VTV Family Outreach Foundation, established in the aftermath of the 2007 shootings at Virginia Tech. People need to realize that you can't guarantee security online, they say. "Anyone using this system would need to understand that."
Advertisement
"It provides a useful tool for survivors who want an additional layer of confidentiality, and they're not having to speak to an actual person who knows who they are," they say, "but there's no such thing as absolute confidentiality."
Many colleges have changed their policies and procedures for reporting assaults, Mr. Carter says, but few have offered new reporting methods. Just because colleges aren't embracing such a format, however, doesn't mean that students won't. Today's students have lived most of their lives with access to such instant communication, they say, and so they may be quite comfortable with Callisto.
But technology isn't a cure-all for sexual assaults on campuses, Mr. Carter says. The issue is much bigger than that.
"I don't really see the channel of reporting as the main challenge," they say. "It's more so how the report is handled. You can have all the technology in the world, and if you don't have good policies and procedures and a trauma-informed response to reports, how the report is made still doesn't matter."
On some campuses, reporting might mean phoning a total stranger and saying you were raped, says Alexandra Z. Brodsky, a founder of the advocacy group Know Your IX and a member of Callisto's advisory board. Callisto could be a good option for someone who finds that process intimidating.
"For a student who feels in that moment that it's really important to go to a rape-crisis center and talk through it with someone, one on one, that's great," they say. "But I think the reality is that a lot of students in that moment are instead behind their laptop Googling to try to figure out how their school's reporting process works."
A Focus on Repeat Offenders
Callisto has a special focus in identifying repeat offenders. Students who have created records of their assaults on Callisto but have not filed reports can elect to use a matching feature to help identify repeat offenders.
Here's the scenario: A student creates a record of their or their assault, identifying the assailant, but chooses not to file a report. Later, another student is assaulted by the same person and files a report that identifies the assailant.
If the first student, who chose not to file a report, opts in to the matching feature, their or their name and the name of the assailant will be sent to the college. The record, however, remains private. The college will then reach out to the student to continue the reporting process.
Callisto's Ms. Lazarov gives this statistic: Some studies have found that as many as 90 percent of campus rapes are committed by repeat offenders. If they were stopped after their second assault, the studies concluded, up to 60 percent of such rapes could be prevented.
Advertisement
Some critics say Callisto will provide an opportunity for a student with a grudge to abuse the system.
Andrew T. Miltenberg, a New York lawyer who represents young men accused of sexual misconduct, says though Callisto seems well intended, they are concerned about dangers it may pose to students who are accused. Having the ability to report someone with just the click of a button may not be a good thing, they say.
"We're all guilty of pressing send on an angry text or email that, had we had to put it into an actual letter and proofread, we probably wouldn't have sent," they say.
They know from experience that reports can be filed in fits of rage and later recanted. Going through the reporting process in person is a more "deliberate act," Mr. Miltenberg says, and it gives the student an opportunity to think things through more so than simply typing up a few sentences and hitting the send button.
Callisto takes some steps to prevent abuse. To opt in to the matching feature, students must provide a method of contact and agree to be contacted by a college administrator. And reports created on Callisto undergo investigation by a college or local law-enforcement agency, so matching an assailant is only the first step, not the last.
Legal Protections
Laura L. Dunn, founder and executive director of the advocacy group SurvJustice, says they are concerned about reports being made through a third party like Callisto. As a lawyer, they worry about the legal protections that Callisto users would have.
There are obvious benefits to identifying repeat perpetrators, Ms. Dunn says. Callisto's efforts to do so remind them of the FBI's DNA database. However, they say, identifying repeat offenders presents some legal challenges, in that certain states don't allow other offenses to be used as evidence in court.
Ms. Dunn says that Callisto is filling a gap left by law enforcement and that the need for a third-party system like it "should be a testament to how much our law-enforcement system simply fails survivors of sexual violence."
Callisto could be a useful tool for survivors, Ms. Dunn says. They just hopes it will account for all of the necessary policy and procedural variables to avoid complicating the reporting process. It could also be valuable for law enforcement to mimic or invest in the system, they say.
"As a survivor and as an activist, I think this is amazing," they say, "and as a lawyer, I'm cautious."
Clarification (5/18/2015, 2:24 p.m.): This article has been updated to describe more specifically some details of the reporting process under Callisto's matching feature to identify repeat offenders.
People have lots of questions about GMOs. Here's an interesting question posed by Micky about lists of signatures against GMOs:
Q: “Are these scientists all wrong, there are over 800 scientists who all believe GMOs are a bad idea. http://www.i-sis.org.uk/list.php How many scientists believe that GMOs are good and do all of this scientist work for big agro corporations?”
And here is my Answer to Micky's question:
Scientific arguments are not settled by counting the number of people supporting an opinion. They start with a careful search for scientifically valid evidence, and they carry this forward with open-minded and careful logical reasoning and false conclusions are eliminated from the discussion. Good scientific reasoning also takes notice of the whole body of evidence on a topic, and updates the verdict as new evidence becomes available.
The I-SIS website mentioned in the question has a public letter with over 800 signatories. Most scientists when making a scientific judgment don't really care about such lists, and who signed the letter doesn't enter into their thinking. It is quite right that they take this line.
Albert Einstein said this best (quoting Michio Kaku's article at Encyclopedia Britannica ):
“One Hundred Authors Against Einstein was (a short book) published in 1931 [which said the Theory of Relativity is wrong]. When asked to comment on this denunciation of relativity by so many scientists, Einstein replied that to defeat relativity one did not need the word of 100 scientists, just one fact.”
So let's take a scientific approach and look at what evidence is presented in the I-SIS letter, and evaluate whether the claims it makes are true.
Definitely some of the letter is wrong or out of date. In the years since 2000, when the letter was signed, many more scientific publications on the topics have come out .
These new publications have settled many of the questions that are raised in terms of whether GMO crops are bad. These publications (numbering thousands in total) involve many thousands of scientists. About one in four of them, or even more, are not connected with commercial seed companies selling GM crops.
The letter claims that “GM crops offer no benefits to farmers or consumers.”
This claim ignores the huge benefits of insect protected biotech corn and cotton which save many farmers from unnecessary exposure to toxic pesticides. Insect protected GM corn is of special value to food consumers and farmers as reduces harm to animals and people from eating moldy insect damaged corn. Such damaged corn often contains residues of a cancer causing mold toxin called fumonisin that accumulates in mold affected grain. This benefit of safer corn is especially important for poorer people in developing countries in Latin America, Africa and in China where corn is a staple item in their daily diet. Clearly, as the evidence stands today, the 800 letter signers are wrong about the benefits of crop GMOs.
The letter at the I-SIS website also publicizes worries about the “spread of antibiotic resistance marker genes that would render infectious diseases untreatable, the generation of new viruses and bacteria that cause diseases, and harmful mutations which may lead to cancer.”
There are good reasons for believing such risks are insignificant. Some of these reasons are explained at the following website entries (which I wrote with Professor Bruce Chassy):
Much of the rest of the letter is really about a somewhat different issue than whether GMOs are good or bad. For instance the letter ends with a plea for the wider use of alternative farming practices.
Quite likely, some of the scientists signing the letter at I-SIS may have changed their minds about GMOs in the years since 2000.
Returning to the second question posed: “How many scientist[s] believe that GMOs are good and do all of these scientists work for big agro corporations?”
When asked this question, most scientists would say something like—not all GMOs are bad, and some GMOs are a really good idea.
Most modern biologists know that GMOs have been a tremendous boost to scientific research. In basic biology research areas connected with medicine, cell biology and even zoology and evolution studies, GMOs are seen by almost all knowledgeable people as an extremely useful experimental tool, and they have accelerated progress in many areas of science – for example given us new ways of making insulin that is essential for treating diabetes, or tools for discovery of drugs to manage HIV virus infections. (I personally have done this type of work, and I know that genetic engineering methods have played a hugely important role in developing treatments for virus diseases such as AIDS or hepatitis).
As far as how many scientists support crop GMOs that provide benefits to fight malnutrition, more than 6,500 scientists recently signed a petition to protest against destruction by activists of GM rice field trials in the Philippines. This rice has potential to prevent diseases that occur in people with vitamin A deficiency that is widespread in many regions where rice is a staple food. (See Global scientific community condemns the recent destruction of field trials of Golden Rice in the Philippines )
There is a wide range of scientific investigations on seed breeding, food safety, and food improvement using GMO crops that have been and are currently being done outside seed companies. Many government-funded studies have been carried out in the EU for example .
I personally know many University and non-corporate scientists who are extremely enthusiastic about GM crops and are busy developing GM crops that help the poor. These include mineral and vitamin fortified crops that can alleviate micronutrient malnutrition.
See:
Every April, the Indian tribes along the Columbia River between Oregon and Washington hold the First Salmon Feast, a ceremonial harvest of the fish that sustain these communities. Hundreds of salmon are grilled outdoors, while tribal elders lead the singing of traditional songs thanking the salmon for their sacrifice.
“They provide the cultural backbone for providing food for our feasts, for our funerals, for our ceremonial gatherings,” said Sarah Thompson of the Columbia River Inter-Tribal Fish Commission. “They provide an economy for our tribal fishermen in order to support our families.”
Salmon can't survive without clean coasts and rivers, which is ultimately the responsibility of the Environmental Protection Agency. But President Donald Trump's budget blueprint asks for a 31 percent reduction in EPA funding, the most severe proposed cut for any cabinet-level department. Several programs face elimination or near-total cuts, including some specifically designed to address the needs of vulnerable communities. In the blueprint, the Trump administration calls for state and local governments to take primary responsibility for looking after the environment.
It's a vision that would likely prove devastating to native communities throughout the United States.
In general, it's the federal government's job to regulate pollution that crosses state lines: North Dakotas can't just let factories dump toxins into rivers that flow into South Dakota, for example. But states themselves often do much of the enforcement work. From its inception in 1970, the EPA spent hundreds of millions building up state governments' environmental agencies so that they could deal with local pollution.
The problem is that the nation's 566 federally recognized tribes are their own sovereign governments, independent of the states that surround them, and they don't have the same resources, said James Grijalva, the director of the Tribal Environmental Law Project at the University of North Dakota. It wasn't until the mid-90s that tribal governments received similar attention from the EPA as states, and then only with a fraction of the funding.
Today, only the Navajo Nation, the country's largest reservation, has been able to build the regulatory infrastructure necessary to deal with pollution and other environmental issues on anything like a level playing field with the states, they said.
“If North Dakota is going to take an action that affects the Standing Rock reservation in North Dakota, that's no different from taking an action that affects South Dakota,” Grijalva said. “If the tribe isn't capable of dealing with it, EPA should step in and protect health and the environment, because that it's job.”
But a severely reduced EPA would have little choice but to focus on the most pressing concerns: cleaning up sites that are an immediate risk to public health, handling licenses and permits for polluters, and overseeing basic enforcement.
Specific program cuts would also disproportionately hurt tribes. These include regional programs targeting cleanup in the Great Lakes and the San Francisco Bay, grant programs designed to support environmental justice and environmental education, monitoring and cleanup efforts for chemicals like radon, and infrastructure assistance for tribes in Alaska and along the Mexican border.
For example, native communities in the northwest's Puget Sound region, where the EPA is involved in a multi-million-dollar project to restore water quality, are concerned about potential cuts. While the budget blueprint makes no explicit reference to that program, an earlier report indicated the administration planned a 93 percent cut, from $28 million to $2 million.
“The magnitude that they've been talking about, it would be devastating for just about everything,” said Tony Meyer of the Northwest Indian Fisheries Commission. EPA funding has helped address basic water quality issues, like the fact that until recently there weren't enough ports for boats to pump out their sewage. In 2016, the EPA approved a no-discharge zone, intended to prevent boat waste from getting into the sound.
According to a treaty with the federal government, the 20 tribes the commission represents have rights to half the salmon and shellfish in eastern Washington. Coastal indigenous communities eat about 15 times more seafood than the rest of the population, meaning water quality standards that might be safe for people who only occasionally eat fish could still prove dangerous to tribes that eat fish as a core part of their diet. That's especially true for more isolated indigenous communities, who can't go to the supermarket and buy frozen chicken if their caught foods prove unsafe.
In 2015, the EPA updated Washington's water quality standards to bring them back in line with national requirements, after the state government had failed to do so for more than two decades. Before the agency's intervention, the water only had to have low enough levels of contaminants and pollutants to be safe for people who ate 6.5 grams of fish per day, the equivalent of a single bite of fish a day.
The new standard of 175 grams per day is a big improvement, although it's likely to face challenges from industry, local governments and the new EPA leadership itself. Either way, the standard is still lower than would be ideal for the native communities. Only about 50 tribes nationwide have the ability to set water quality standards in their lakes and rivers that reflect their greater fish consumption.
Issues ranging from the struggle to adequately protect Washington's tribal waters to the ongoing battle over the Dakota Access Pipeline at Standing Rock — where the EPA was one of three federal agencies to urge the Army Corps of Engineers to halt the project — illustrate the environmental justice issues that are a crucial part of the agency's mission. Throughout the country, minority and low-income populations shoulder greater environmental risks.
“One of the underlying reasons for 10,000 Indians coming to Standing Rock was the perception that the pipeline was too dangerous to be put upstream of Bismarck, which is a predominately white capital of the state of North Dakota,” said Grijalva.
However, the agency's past record on environmental justice is far from perfect. Last year, the independent Commission on Civil Rights sharply criticized the EPA for its slow response to hundreds of claims of environmental discrimination across the past three administrations. But President Trump has shown little interest in even paying lip service to the environmental concerns of tribes — the executive action reauthorizing the Dakota Access Pipeline makes zero reference to Standing Rock, the land defenders, or the native community as a whole.
Mustafa Ali, the head of the EPA's Environmental Justice office for its entire 24-year existence, resigned on March 8. In a letter to new EPA head Scott Pruitt, Ali argued against the administration's plans to gut the environmental justice office and other programs intended to help vulnerable communities. As imperfect and insufficient as such help has often been, it has not gone unacknowledged.
“The EPA has been one of the federal organizations that's been willing to partner and work with the tribes,” said a representative of a federally recognized Alaskan tribal government who spoke on condition of anonymity. “To see that being eliminated, it won't make the tribes go away. It will just make their work harder.”
For native communities, one issue can compound another. America's historic mistreatment of tribes mean they start further behind state governments on issues like protecting the environment, and the combination of small populations and widespread poverty means the tax base doesn't exist to fund efforts to catch up without the EPA's help. Historically, the government set up reservations in what were often the least desirable lands. But tribal communities want to protect them now, for reasons that go beyond the economics of survival and are tied to a cultural and spiritual connection to that land.
None of the EPA cuts outlined in Trump's blueprint are official, as only the U.S. Congress can craft the actual budget. But they represent a clear statement of the administration's priorities, one in line with Trump's anti-EPA rhetoric on the campaign trail and their appointment of longtime agency opponent Scott Pruitt as its administrator. The precise numbers for the reductions may change, but the EPA is unlikely to avoid severe cuts in the next budget.
Nor does there appear much chance the Trump administration will share the priorities of tribal governments. “Energy independence and building infrastructure is all well and good, but not at the expense of the most vulnerable population,” said Grijalva.
Whatever happens next, tribal communities will likely be left to protect their land and their culture on their own, as ever. “The tribes are going to continue to advocate and protect the land, protect the water, regardless of the funding,” said the representative of the Alaskan tribe. “It's an ethic. It's a way of life.”
After the success of the cheddar and jalp cheese straws I'm doing the same with the rye sourdough. Normal recipe plus 150g grated cheddar and a handful of fresh jalps from the garden chopped small, a handful of ripped up pickled jalps, and a chopped small scotch bonnet (habanero) from the garden. Finally I grated some parmesan on the top instead of the normal seeds.
Having re-read the original recipe… I realised I was turning down the temperature too much. So in an attempt to avoid the moistness as the bottom of the cooked loaf I'm doing 15mins on 230c fan, then down to 200c fan (instead of 180c fan) for the other 45mins.
Looks good out of the oven! The split in the middle isn't as pronounced as previously, but I'm not sure if that's the higher heat or the different dough with parmesan top. Given most of the rise is in the oven spring in the first 15 minutes it's probably the batter. Anyway: the shoulders didn't tear so it's done its job!
Hmm… still moist. I could have put less water in I suppose… but I've tried reducing it before an that didn't help. So… next time it's keeping the higher temp, and letting cool in the oven for an hour to see if that works. Having beaten the shoulder tearing issues, I'm determined to sort out the moistness issue!
To taste it we toasted it (to sort out the moistness) and boy is it spicy! More importantly it's delicious. The cheddar & jalp taste works great (as expected given the cheese straw success) and the scotch bonnet really adds a kick. I'm definitely going to do it again. I just need to beat the moistness problem…
Globally, about 70% of people diagnosed with tuberculosis and about 40% of those with HIV are treated, but less than 20% of those who have had heart attacks or strokes receive the treatments known to reduce further events substantially, said Anthony Rodgers at the Global Cardiovascular Clinical Trials Forum in Washington earlier this month.
Even in high income countries, less than 40% of cardiovascular patients receive recommended drugs long term. There is, said Rodgers, “enormous undertreatment.”
Then, said José Castellano, a cardiologist from Madrid and New York, less than half of those prescribed the necessary drugs are fully adherent. In the United States, three quarters of patients with all conditions do not take their drugs as prescribed, and the result is 125 000 deaths and annual costs of $300 billion—13% of health expenditure. The causes are myriad but include cost, complexity of treatment, and poor communication. The average time spent by a physician in the US on communicating with a patient about new drugs is 49 seconds, said Castellano. Adherence is a particular problem in patients with heart disease as they must take their drugs for the rest of their lives, may well have no symptoms, and are likely to be elderly.
The polypill (which surely requires no further explanation in The BMJ) can help with both undertreatment and adherence, and they are now beginning to appear around the world.
Polypills include drugs that are off patent and can be made very cheaply, making them more accessible to poor people. They can probably as well be administered by non-physician health workers, and a trial is underway to test the effectiveness of that form of distribution. In most low and middle income countries physicians are scarce, particularly in rural areas.
Four trials of the polypill against usual treatment have now shown that it can improve adherence by about 50% (from 30% to 60%). The biggest improvement is seen in those who are the most undertreated, meaning that the polypill may be a way to improve equity. There is now evidence that those who take the polypill don't change lifestyle measures, addressing the fear that people might take the polypill instead of adopting healthy lifestyles.
Polypill enthusiasts (of whom I'm one) are divided into those who believe the polypill should be used mainly (or initially) in secondary prevention (in those who have had heart attacks or strokes), and those who think the big gains will come in using it for primary prevention. The most extreme strategy, advocated first in The BMJ, is to offer the polypill to everybody over the age of 50 or 55 (I note in passing that that this paper has now been cited 1365 times). Some call this the “vaccination strategy,” although as Nick Wald, one of the originators of the strategy points out, it's “reversible vaccination.”
In many ways the division is simply tactical. Drug regulators seem willing to consider a polypill for secondary prevention based simply on studies showing it works the same as the component drugs, whereas for primary prevention, they want trials with major cardiovascular events or deaths as an endpoint. Such trials are underway, but some see them as almost unethical, as could the informed patient or the prescriber really be in equipoise over whether a placebo or a combination of antihypertensives and a statin will be superior.
A counter tactical argument is that secondary prevention often belongs to cardiologists, who tend to prefer titrating individual drugs, and primary prevention to primary care doctors, who are more sympathetic to polypills.
Some “secondary care enthusiasts” are sceptical about the benefits of the polypill in primary prevention, but, as Wald asked one of them at a public meeting, “Can you think of anything that prevents a second event that doesn't prevent a first event?” The answer has to be no and using the polypill only for secondary prevention would, as Wald has said, be like requiring people to wear seat belts only once they'd had a car crash. In their turn, some “primary care enthusiasts” think that once you have had an event you should have your drugs titrated against your blood pressure and lipids, and might need much higher doses of the drugs than is in polypills.
There continue to be two big challenges for the polypill: getting it through regulators and finding a business model. The European Medicines Agency has not yet approved a polypill and the impression given at the meeting was that it would be a hard road to follow. In contrast, the Food and Drug Administration in the US seems to be moving towards a licence for substitution treatment in secondary prevention (those already on the same drugs), plus some sort of pragmatic grounds for patients not receiving all treatment—such as those without long-term follow-up—on the grounds that a patient “would be better off with some drugs than nothing.” One company, CardioPharma, does seem to have approached the FDA with a polypill.
Getting the polypill through regulators is part of the business problem in that it's an expensive process, and because the generic companies who manufacture polypills have little experience of getting new drugs through regulators. The other business problem is achieving high uptake: again the generic companies don't usually have to do any marketing. Several companies that initially manufactured polypills have now given up.
Despite these difficulties, one Spanish company, Ferrer, has a polypill Trinomia, which contains aspirin, ramipril, and simvastatin, and which is licensed in 22 countries, most of them in Latin America but seven in Europe (Spain, Sweden, Belgium, Greece, Poland, Ireland, and the Czech Republic). The company's challenge now is to get the polypill widely used, and one question is how to price it.
Enthusiasts like me imagine the polypill being very cheap, perhaps a dollar a month, and eventually this might be possible—with a high volume, low margin business model. But for now and for Europe, a higher price may be needed to meet the costs of regulation and marketing. A modelling study from Britain, which assumes improved adherence of 10% over 10 years in patients who have had heart attacks or strokes and consequently a 6.7% reduction in major cardiac events, would mean a cost per QALY of £2200 if the pill was priced at 50% above that of the component drugs or £9700 if it was priced at 150%. Either way it should be safely inside the limits of the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence.
One way to solve the business problem might be for payers of healthcare to commit to a large scale purchase of the polypill once it is licensed. Companies would then be willing to invest more, having greater confidence of an acceptable return. This “market pull” mechanism has been used with vaccines, but no payer is presently willing to make such a commitment.
A friend of mine bet British Rail in 1960 that man would land on the moon before the gas lighting at Kidbrooke Station was replaced with electric lighting. They won their bet. My bet with myself is that the polypill, which I've been enthusing about since 2003, will be widely available before I die, but it may be touch and go. But then the polypill I take may keep me going until it's available for everybody.
Richard Smith was the editor of The BMJ until 2004.  They are now chair of the board of trustees of icddr,b [formerly International Centre for Diarrhoeal Disease Research, Bangladesh], and chair of the board of Patients Knows Best.  They are also a trustee of C3 Collaborating for Health.
Competing interest: RS was editor of The BMJ when it published the original polypill papers. He's been taking the polypill (originally in its component parts) for primary prevention (without knowing their blood pressure or serum lipids) for about seven years and was in a cross over trial of the polypill. They work for UnitedHealth Group, which helped fund this meeting and previous meetings on the polypill. Neither they nor UnitedHealth Group have a direct financial interest in the polypill. (Almost everybody has an indirect financial interest in that the polypill could make treatment more affordable, accessible, and effective.)
Progressive Washington, D.C. lobbyist and attorney Jack Burkman is filing a lawsuit Wednesday to force the Washington, D.C. Metropolitan Police Department (MPD) to release information regarding the murder of Democratic National Committee (DNC) staffer Seth Rich.
“The release of this crucial material will help bring peace to the victim's family, and it will help to either confirm or refute the various theories that swirl about this important murder case,” the lawsuit says.
DNC data director Seth Rich 27 also worked on a computer application to help voters locate polling stations. They had accepted a job with Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign.
According to MPD reports, officers patrolling the Bloomingdale neighborhood heard gunshots around 4:20 a.m. on the morning of July 10, 2016. Officers discovered a “conscious and breathing” Rich at 2100 Flagler Place in northwest Washington, D.C.
There were rumors that they were meeting an FBI agent.
The D.C. police have kept information about the case secret and told the press it appears to be a botched robbery. No valuables were taken from Mr. Rich but their watch band was torn. They were shot three times in the back.
The secrecy, the police claim, is to keep the investigation from “playing out in the press”.
Daily Caller News Foundation found that at least three responding officers were wearing body cameras. If they were conscious, what did they say and why can't we know?
There could be surveillance video and the MPD has a habit of regularly releasing surveillance video in unsolved criminal investigations. They released 12 this week alone but will not acknowledge if there is surveillance tape in this case.
Burkman, who is offering a $105,000 reward in the case, wants to force the police department to release video footage of the murder, along with the medical examiner's report and ballistic reports related to the weapon used to shoot Rich.
Conservative news station One America News has offered a $250,000 reward.
Burkman is also leading an independent investigation into the murder with volunteers from George Washington University's Student Association for Forensic Psychology.
The family desperately wants the case solved.
You can run JSLint on JavaScript code using the below syntax:
var code = "var a = 1 + 2;"; JSLINT(code);
And you can print the syntax tree as you have mentioned in the question.
Now in your case, you need to read the JavaScript source from JavaScript files. You can make an AJAX call to read the source code of the JavaScript file into a variable. Then make a call to JSLINT as above passing that variable. A sample using jQuery would be like below.
$(function() { // Include jslint.js $('<script src="http://localhost/yourapp/jslint.js">').appendTo("head"); // Read JavaScript file contents into 'code' $.get('http://localhost/yourapp/somescript.js', function(code) { // Run JSLINT over code JSLINT(code); // Print the parse tree console.log(JSON.stringify(JSLINT.tree, [ 'string', 'arity', 'name', 'first', 'second', 'third', 'block', 'else' ], 4)); }); });
Depending on what you are trying to achieve, a standalone JavaScript console (eg. NodeJS) would be a better alternative than a browser console. I guess there exist Node packages for JSLint. But if you want to include it manually you can simply do it as below.
First add the below line at the end of jslint.js
exports.JSLINT = JSLINT;
Then write your code in say mycode.js.
var fs = require("fs"); var jslint = require("./jslint.js"); fs.readFile("./test.js", function(err, code) { var source = code.toString('ascii'); jslint.JSLINT(source); console.log(JSON.stringify(jslint.JSLINT.tree, [ 'string', 'arity', 'name', 'first', 'second', 'third', 'block', 'else' ], 4)); },"text");
Then run your code from console as:
Zucchini Judging
Who grew the biggest zucchini? Come out to the Zucchini Judging to find out.
There are a number of categories so it is easy for anyone to participate.
Please bring all food entries at the Information Tent no later than 1:00 PM on Monday, September 3rd. Do not bring dishes that require refrigeration. All food items must be on a throw away plate.
Categories for food entries are: Best Dessert and Best Zucchini Bread.
Please drop off all non-food entries at the Information Tent between 5:00 PM on Friday, August 31st and 11:00 AM on Monday, September 3rd.
Categories for Non-Food entries are: Biggest Zucchini (weight), The Smallest Zucchini (weight), Most Unusual, and Best Dressed.
The Zucchini Judging will take place at 2:00 PM on Monday, September 3rd at the Information Tent.
“Darwin was no Darwinian.” Martin Luther King Jr said that before me. They were correct historically, scientifically, and morally. It's a bad break for Darwin, and us, that their name is used to distort their ideas. Particularly as applied to humans. And TV shows.
Breaking Bad‘s success rests on its moral complexities. They remind us that good stories are thought experiments in morals or social rules which often yield multiple interpretations. Calling morals social-rules evades old baggage, since surely social-rules can be studied scientifically. But science's stories can also have multiple interpretations. Evolution isn't as simple as “red in tooth and claw” sound bite peddlers suggest.
Ross Douhat in The New York Times said that Breaking Bad illustrated the appeal of an older “tribal” code that is “neither liberal nor Judeo-Christian,” but had the clear “Darwinian logic” of a ruthless fight for survival. He's right that some aspects of our social rules are recent, but he's empirically wrong that a “Darwinian” code “lies percolating just below the surface of every human heart.”
Darwin's own clear logic said: “The moral sense perhaps affords the best...distinction between man and the lower animals...the social instincts, the prime principle of man's moral constitution...naturally lead to the golden rule, “As ye would have men should do to you, do ye to them likewise.” Not so “Darwinian.” Darwin knew we are by nature self-deficient and interdependent.
The specious origin of what's called “Darwinian” is Herbert Spencer, coiner of “survival of the fittest.” It descends to us via Dawkinsian selfish-genery. But Dawkins' logic is flawed. Nature contains competition. But also cooperation. The mix is key, especially in social species.
The largest study of hunter-gatherer tribal rules shows that team survival has likely shaped our evolution, and social rules, for 10,000 generations. All extant hunter-gatherers limit group-threatening behaviors, including harmful competition. There are two types of social rules: Those that prevent groups from damaging what they depend on. And those that don't. Guess which are fitter?
Darwin knew better than today's “Darwinians” that though we evolved like other species, we're different. We are the giraffes of cooperation, having uniquely extended features for teamwork. Darwin's moral sense, as Jefferson said, was “as much a part of a man as their arm or leg.” Ignoring our innate social-rule-processors is unnaturally selective.
Evolution's stories are prone to narrative selection. Rorschach readings enabled Karl Marx to see a scientific basis for class struggle, and Bertrand Russell felt evolution was inspired by economic ideas, favoring “animals that most resembled successful capitalists."
Darwin's rich ideas and name are being misused. Competition in nature regularly creates waste and catastrophe. It can in markets, which if unguided can be as dumb as trees. Our evolved capacities for reason, foresight, and social coordination can help us avoid predictable disaster.
This aspect of nature has crystal clear methods. Them logic ultimately tends to eliminate all that damages what it depends on. We'd better get stories about this into every human heart and head.
Illustration by Julia Suits, The New Yorker Cartoonist & author of The Extraordinary Catalog of Peculiar Inventions.
Previously in this series:
It Is in Our Nature to Be Self-Deficient
Inheriting Second Natures
Our Ruly Nature
It Is in Our Nature to Need Stories
Tools Are in Our Nature
We Fit Nature To Us: Evolutions two way street
Justice Is In Our Nature
Behavioral Telescope Shows How Cooperation Works
Selfish Genes Also Must Cooperate
Game Theory And The Golden Punishment Rule
Revolutionizing Economics by Evolutionizing it.
Science's Mobile Army of Metaphors
Greek Myths About Human Origins
Evolutionary Economics And Darwin's Wedge
Economics vs Fiction on Human Nature
Is Economics More Like History Than Physics?
Maxims Are Fitter Than Maximization
Food For Rethinking Markets
Non-grapefruit and fruitful non-science
Is Money Like Food?
Words Are Thinking Tools: Praxotype
Bellator has added a title fight to its upcoming event in St. Louis.
Patricio Freire, who tapped Daniel Straus to defend the Bellator featherweight title for the first time in January, puts their belt on the line in a rematch against Georgi Karakhanyan at Bellator 138 on June 19. Sources close to the situation confirmed the news to MMAFighting.com.
Freire and Karakhanyan fought for the first time at Bellator 37 in 2011. "Pitbull" advanced to the season four featherweight tournament semifinal with a third-round knockout, eventually winning the whole tournament with victories over Straus and Wilson Reis.
Freire (23-2) failed to capture the belt after winning that tournament, but earned another shot at the belt after scoring four straight wins, defeating Pat Curran to become the 145-pound champion in 2014. The Brazilian enters Bellator 138 riding a six-fight winning streak with four stoppages.
Karakhanyan (24-4-1) left Bellator after their loss to Freire in 2011, and won 10 out of 11 bouts since. Before returning to the promotion, Karakhanyan won the WSOF featherweight title with a submission victory over Lance Palmer, but ended up losing the title to Rick Glenn. Karakhanyan re-signed with Bellator in 2014, and choked out Bubba Jenkins in January.
Headlined by a heavyweight clash between Kimbo Slice and Ken Shamrock, Bellator 138 takes place at the Scottrade Center in St. Louis, Missouri. The event will also feature the return of former lightweight champion Michael Chandler against Derek Campos.
India's Coal Tax Would Generate $650 Million Annually for the Clean Energy Fund
June 27th, 2010 by Mridul Chadha
The Indian government has decided to levy the Clean Energy Cess, or coal tax, on all the coal mined in the country or imported from July 1, 2010. The energy cess was announced by the finance minister Mr. Pranab Mukherjee in this year's union budget which presented in February.
[social_buttons]
The Indian government announced the coal tax in order to generate funding for the research, development and deployment of cleaner and renewable energy technologies. A tax of Rs. 50 would be levied on every tonne of coal mined in the country as well as that imported from abroad.
As of April 1 2009, India's coal reserves stood at 267 billion tonnes. There has been a steady increase in the coal production over the years. The government has a target of mining 461 million tonnes in 2007-08 as against the actual production of 430 million tonnes in 2006-07. Thus the domestic coal mining sector would contribute about $500 million annually while the rest $150 million would be contributed through the import of coal in order to fulfill the demand of 600 million tonnes.
Coal is the primary source of power generation in India with more than 7o percent of the total electricity generated coming from coal-fired power plants. It is also among the cheapest sources of energy as there are vast reserves of this resource in the country and the dependence on foreign suppliers is far less compared to other resources like oil, natural gas and nuclear fuel. Many analysts, and the Indian government itself, see coal as a major driving force for the electrification of rural areas as it seems highly cost effective.
However, with India already committed to reducing its carbon intensity by 20 to 25 percent by 2020 from 2005 levels, the strategy of using coal for large-scale rural electrification could hamper its efforts to achieve the carbon intensity reduction targets. In order to meet its clean up targets, offset the carbon emissions, it is necessary that the government invests heavily in the renewable energy technologies. Therefore, the need of a National Clean Energy Fund.
Now instead of complicating the process by introducing a cap-and-trade mechanism for coal mining companies or coal-fired power plants, the government took the smart and easier way of generating funds for financing its clean energy projects. A coal tax presents the simplest of solutions given the lack of infrastructure required for carbon trading in India. Coal mining and production is strictly under the control of the Coal Ministry and hence a close eye can be kept on the total production and, in turn, the prospective revenue generation.
This is a wise move on part of the Indian government; the tax would create a substantial amount of financing for clean energy projects like the National Solar Mission without significantly increasing the consumer utilities.﻿
Image Credit: Nostrifikator (Creative Commons License; Wikimedia Commons)
The views presented in the above article are author's personal views and do not represent those of TERI/TERI University where the author is currently pursuing a Master's degree.
Follow Mridul Chadha on Twitter and Facebook.
﻿﻿
Petro Poroshenko published a heartfelt message to Pope Francis on their official website, wishing them a happy 80th birthday. Unfortunately the message went out a year too early as the pontiff has just turned 79.
"Your Holiness, on behalf of the Ukrainian people and myself, I heartily congratulate you on your 80th anniversary. I wish you good health, spiritual inspiration and God's blessing in the discharge of your incredibly important mission,” the message read.
Пётр Порошенко поздравил Папу Римского с 80-летием в день его 79-летия/ https://t.co/SrG7PJOZdzpic.twitter.com/os65OpsxiL — Котляров Сергей (@ks130862) December 17, 2015
The media promptly reacted by taking numerous screen shots of Poroshenko's mistake, which was quickly erased from the website, with the open letter now stating the correct age, 79. No comment has been made so far from the Ukrainian president's office.
Pope Francis was born on December 17, 1936. They have won the hearts of Catholics and non-believers alike for their humble and humane attitude.
Sure, everyone has some nostalgia for the campy 1966 Batman TV show, but without it, we might be living in a Batman-less world. It revitalized slumping sales of Batman comics at the time, despite readers' complaints that it also brought too much campiness to the book. That's just one of the little known facts we learned about the show today.
Oh, and Alfred was brought back to life in the comics after being “resurrected” on the show (he had died in the comics about a year and half earlier.) So, you know, you're welcome from Burt Ward and Adam West.
So the show isn't just great, but it's a more important piece of Batman's history than most people realize. If you'd like to learn a bunch more interesting facts about it, including ABC's realization that adding female characters to the show boosted male viewership, check out Neatorama's great run down of 1966 Batman trivia.
We also highly recommend the book Batman Unmasked: Analyzing a Cultural Icon by Will Brooker. It has loads of information on the TV show and a lot more.
(via Neatorama, image via leshoward)
Meanwhile in related links
The former employer of the Stamford woman who rammed a barricade in Washington, D.C. and led police on a chase provides insight into Miriam Carey's life. (Published Friday, Oct. 4, 2013)
The family of the Stamford woman shot to death by police following a car chase near the White House and the U.S. Capitol has identified them body.
District of Columbia medical examiner's office spokesperson Beverly Fields said Friday that Miriam Carey's cause of death was pending. They would not say whether Carey's body has been released to their family.
A lawyer for the family said Carey's family members will return to New York and speak publicly at the Brooklyn home of Carey's sister Friday night.
Carey rammed their car into a barricade outside the White House and then led police on a chase that ended with them being shot near the U.S. Capitol on Thursday.
Raw Video: Female Suspect Leads Secret Service on Chase
A woman identified by multiple law enforcement as Miriam Carey, 34, of Stamford, Conn. is seen driving a black Infiniti. Carey tried to ram through a White House barricade Thursday, then led police on a chase that ended in gunfire outside the Capitol, witnesses and officials said. This video is courtesy of Alhurra Television, a U.S. government-funded TV network. (Published Thursday, Oct. 3, 2013)
Law enforcement sources told NBC News that they found indications that Carey, 34, believed they were being stalked by President Barack Obama.
Carey is well known to local authorities in Connecticut and suffers from mental health issues, NBC News' Peter Williams reports.
Them 1-year-old daughter was in the car with them during the ordeal on Thursday afternoon. They were taken to the hospital and is doing OK.
Neighbors React in Stamford
Neighbors at Woodside Green react to FBI and Stamford Police swarming their complex in response to Miriam Carey's actions in Washington DC. (Published Thursday, Oct. 3, 2013)
Family members have said that Carey fell some time ago and began to suffer from mental health issues.
Law enforcement authorities have been talking to Carey's family and friends, according to WNBC's Jonathan Dienst, and learned that Carey had been diagnosed with psychosis and was on an anti-depressant, but had recently been off their medication.
They had also been on medication for post-partum depression, Dienst reports.
Carey had fallen down a flight of stairs, injuring their spine, one month before their pregnancy, Dienst has learned, and interviews described Miriam as wandering around, holding their infant, not fully aware of where they are.
In December, Miriam's boyfriend contacted police and said they feared for the safety of their child, according to a law enforcement source who spoke to NBC. The boyfriend has been questioned by federal authorities about Thursday's incident, the source said.
Law enforcement agencies spent a second day on Friday at the Woodside Green condo complex in Stamford where Carey lived for the last six years
Late Thursday afternoon, the Stamford Bomb Squad. arrived at the complex, removing evidence, including a computer.
Stamford police said they were notified immediately after the incident and rushed to the scene.
Authorities said they did not find anything dangerous or hazardous in the residence.
Members of the FBI joined Stamford police and fire officials at the scene and authorities blocked off Washington Boulevard and Bridge Street on Thursday night and all 50 apartments were evacuated.
Residents were not allowed inside as police waited on a search warrant and the Red Cross was helping residents find other places to stay.
Stamford police said on Friday morning that they have some history with Carey and visited their house at least once in December, but it was not criminal.
Hartford police were also contacted by an outside agency on Thursday to help in an investigation at the Bluprints Restaurant and Bar in the city, according to a Hartford Police Department source.
Law enforcement authorities were told that the father of the baby in the car during the Washington, DC incident had a connection to the establishment.
Carey was licensed as a dental hygienist and previously worked at Advanced Periodontics in Hamden, Conn. from 2011 to August 2012.
Them former employer, Dr. Barry Weiss, describes Carey as hot-tempered and head strong, but says they never imagined they could be capable of violence.
"She was an average employee. We started out with a pleasant relationship in the office. We had a few incidents ... and some hot tempered situations, but for the most part they were an average employee," Weiss said.
The FBI and Secret Service contacted Weiss on Thursday and they said they were completely stunned by the news.
"Nothing would have led us to think they would have done this," Weiss said.
Carey was fired from the dental office after clients began complaining about them
"Really, we just had a lot of complaints about them from patients that they were a dental hygienist and rough. We just decided that for the betterment of our patients, we needed to make a change and let them go," Weiss said.
They said they never believed Carey was violent or out of control.
"Nothing in their behavior would have led us to think this would have happened," they said.
Attorney William Nathanson knew as soon as they saw the car involved in the Washington incident yesterday that it was Carey's.
The board of directors for the complex tasked them to monitor parking spaces, they said, and they once wrote Carey a letter warning them against parking in the handicapped spaces.
"She said they were the first person in the building in the morning. But, they could have parked one space over in the visitor's space and let the handicapped spaces be used by patients," Nathanson said.
That's as far as it went, they said.
Dr. Weiss said that Carey came from a large family and was close to their siblings.
Like everyone else, they want to know why this incident happened.
Two officers were wounded in the incident: a 23-year veteran of the Capitol police, who has been treated and released from the hospital, and a member of the Special Services, who officials say is also in good condition.
Carey's daughter was taken to a medical center in Washington, then a hospital.  They are doing well and is in social service protection, NBC News has learned.
Authorities are now trying to figure out what Carey was doing in D.C. and why they drove into the barricade.
Carey was in Connecticut the day before the shooting, spoke with their mother by phone and said they were going to a Michael's store to pick up some arts and crafts supplies, Dienst reports.
The little park outside the Stonewall Inn in Manhattan, the site of a major turning point in the gay rights movement nearly 50 years ago, became a permanent beacon last year when it was named a national historic monument.
But those who remember the night Stonewall patrons defiantly clashed with the police have dwindled over the years. Their stories risk going untold.
On Sunday, Senator Chuck Schumer of New York announced a $1 million grant from Google.org, the internet giant's philanthropic wing, to The Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual & Transgender Community Center, to start a project preserving the oral histories and human experiences of the people who stood up and fought back during those tense days in 1969. The initiative is in conjunction with the National Park Foundation, which will create an educational curriculum for students and a digital platform intended to magnify the reach of the monument beyond the small triangle of parkland in the West Village.
“The purpose is to spread the word about the Stonewall uprising and the progress we have made as well as the distance we have to go,” Mr. Schumer said. “And it sends a great message to Washington, especially in these times: We celebrate our diversity and cherish it, we don't shrink from it and we don't fear it.”
BANDS: Please keep me up to date.
If your contact information changes, your home page moves, or if you break up you need to let me know. Email me.
Pennsylvania Ska Bands that have broken up.
The following ska bands are inactive. Either they have broken up or they just haven't played shows in a very long time. In some cases, it seems they have never played any shows and if I don't hear from one of these bands (explaining where they have been and if they really plan on ever getting their act together and playing some shows) I'll probably just remove them totally from the list.
Updated 1/5/01: I just deleted 37 bands from this page that no longer had web pages and I had never heard of them playing a show. I also moved 43 other bands from above to below because either I found out they broke up or they just seem to be inactive. Please email me if you find your band below and it never broke up! Thanks.
The country could be staring at an acute shortage of medicines in the second half of June if the government or manufacturers don't look into potential losses faced by pharmacists from GST's rollout on July 1.
Pharmacy retailers and stockists have warned companies that a mismatch between tax payouts and tax refunds arising from GST rollout would force them to destock.
To make it worse, sales of drugs typically rise two-three times from June onward, compared to the previous period, as the onset of monsoon brings in seasonal diseases.
“There are two components in our tax payouts, one is VAT which is 6 percent, the government promised us 100 percent refund of this component and we have all the receipts and documents,” JS Shinde, president of All India Organisation of Chemists and Druggists (AIOCD), told Moneycontrol
“The second is CGST or excise component, which is 6 percent. This is where we have a problem, as the government said we would only get an input tax credit of 40 percent. So in effect, we will be losing 3.6 percent,” Shinde added.
“For instance, if we are holding a stock of Rs.1 lakh, we would be incurring a loss of Rs 3600,” Shinde explained.
Shinde said their organization AIOCD has reached out to the government asking for a 100 percent refund on CGST, so as to ensure non-interruption of medicines supplies.
“If the government doesn't react we have to return the stocks, and start taking the new stocks from July onwards, as we don't want to incur any loss,” Shinde said.
“A few manufacturers promised stockists that they will share burden of the loss, but retailer haven't got any such assurance,” they added. “There will be heavy shortages of medicines.”
A worried government, through NPPA, met industry and trade bodies to ensure uninterrupted supply.
“NPPA holds fruitful discussions with industry and trade associations to ensure uninterrupted supply of drugs on implementation of GST,” the national drug price regular said.
Even manufacturers are worried about impact of GST on their sales at a time when they are just recovering from the disruption caused by demonetization.
"There has been fair amount of destocking happening in the channel," said Umang Vohra, global chief executive officer and managing director of Cipla, in the company's recent earnings call. “I think this will continue possibly till the time GST is rolled out. We have to give it month or month and half until normalcy returns."
Contrary to other large drugmakers, Cipla generates most of its revenues from domestic formulation business. The domestic formulation business accounts 37 percent of Cipla's Rs 14,630 crore sales.
Sun Pharma, India's largest drugmaker too says upcoming GST implementation to have an impact on sales in the first half.“In the Indian market, there is uncertainty in the trade channels due to the upcoming GST implementation, although it may be temporary,” said Dilip Shanghavi, chairperson and managing director of Sun Pharma.
“Companies focused on the domestic market like Alkem Torrent Pharma and Cipla will experience some difficulties in 1HFY18, owing to the impending GST implementation and resultant channel disruption,” said HDFC Securities in its latest report on the pharmaceutical industry.
Reproducing keys from distant and angled photographs:
Abstract:
The access control provided by a physical lock is based on the assumption that the information content of the corresponding key is private --- that duplication should require either possession of the key or a priori knowledge of how it was cut. However, the ever-increasing capabilities and prevalence of digital imaging technologies present a fundamental challenge to this privacy assumption. Using modest imaging equipment and standard computer vision algorithms, we demonstrate the effectiveness of physical key teleduplication --- extracting a key's complete and precise bitting code at a distance via optical decoding and then cutting precise duplicates. We describe our prototype system, Sneakey, and evaluate its effectiveness, in both laboratory and real-world settings, using the most popular residential key types in the U.S.
This security camera was infected by malware 98 seconds after it was plugged in
Here's an object lesson on the poor state of the so-called Internet of Things: Robert Stephens plugged a Wi-Fi-connected security camera into their network and it was compromised in… 98 seconds.
Stephens, a tech industry veteran, wasn't so naive as to do this without protecting himself. It was walled off from the rest of the network and rate-limited so it couldn't participate in any DDoS attacks.
They monitored its traffic carefully, expecting to see — as others have — attempts to take over the device. But even the most jaded among us probably wouldn't have guessed it would take less than two minutes.
8/x: Actually, it took 98 seconds for first infection pic.twitter.com/EDdOZaEs0V — Robᵉʳᵗ Graham 🤔 (@ErrataRob) November 18, 2016
Ninety-eight seconds after it jumped on the Wi-Fi, the camera was attacked by a Mirai-like worm that knew the default login and password. The worm (its advance agent, really) checked the specs of its new home and then downloaded the rest of itself onto the device and, had Stephens not locked it down beforehand, would then be ready to participate in all manner of online shenanigans.
The camera, a cheap off-brand one from a company that sells smartwatches for $12, isn't exactly best-in-class. This type of thing could be fixed with a firmware update or, in some cases, by simply changing the default password, but not everyone knows to do that, and even the most tech-savvy people might not get that done in two minutes.
Better-quality devices will almost certainly be better protected against this kind of thing, and may for example block all incoming traffic until they're paired with another device and set up manually. Still, this is a good reminder that it really is a jungle out there.
Image copyright Craven District Council Image caption The cottage was demolished in April 2016
A man who damaged their neighbour's property after they demolished a cottage without planning permission has been fined £17,500.
David Eckersall had permission to extend their Grade II listed home in Thornton-in-Craven but pulled it down while their elderly neighbours were on holiday.
Geoff and Joan Peel returned home in April to find extensive damage to their home of more than 30 years.
The couple were forced to move out.
The roof of their dining room had been removed and the outside wall of their bathroom replaced by a plasterboard sheet.
In a hearing at Bradford Crown Court, Eckersall admitted to demolishing the 18th Century cottage and was ordered to pay the fine and £3,000 in legal costs.
'Catastrophic decision'
Alex Menary, defending Eckersall, said their client took the decision to knock it down after making a legitimate hole in a wall to pin the new extension to the existing cottage and it became clear there were significant structural problems which were making the whole building unsafe.
Judge Colin Burn said it was not possible to prove or disprove Eckersall's claim that they only knocked down the building when it was clear there were severe structural failures emerging from the work they were doing.
They said the defendant then took the "catastrophic decision to knock down the whole building".
"You took the decision off your own bat to take down a Grade II listed building," they added.
The judge decided not to compensate Mr and Mrs Peel after hearing about ongoing litigation. They said they believed any financial award they made could affect the total they are awarded by other authorities or courts.
In today's era, the masses are quite fond of watching cartoons, television series and films as these are the perfect modes of recreation. With the advancement in technology, one can have the access to cartoon streaming sites well within their easy reach, all thanks to technical devices such as cell phones, tablets, laptops etc. If you are a die-hard fan and love to watch cartoons online, then the following list of the top most cartoon streaming sites is the one for you to have a quick look at:-
1. YouTube –
YouTube is one of the biggest online communities which enable one to view, share, and rate several videos including cartoons. Cartoons online streaming using a user-friendly platform like YouTube, lets one view their favourite cartoons by just a few clicks and even lets you leave comments for your favourite videos and subscribe to specific channels. Additionally, YouTube has a wide variety of contents available for its users like movie trailers, music clips, educational and descriptive videos, full-length videos, audio clips, documentaries etc. Contents on YouTube are uploaded by individuals as well as organizations. The registered members are free to post videos, place comments and also subscribe to other members for free.
2. Vimeo –
Now you can create, share, download, and watch cartoons online free or by using the premium membership of Vimeo. It is one of the biggest online communities to watch high definition cartoon videos and films launched in November 2004. You can easily place comments and rate the videos. Vimeo was the first website to support videos of high definition which came into the picture in the year 2007. As per the records of 2013, Vimeo used to be viewed by around one hundred million users per month amongst which around twenty-two users were the registered ones. Also, around fifteen percent of the traffic of Vimeo is attracted from cell phones.
3. Hulu Cartoon –
Hulu Videos is one such website that offers a lot of categories and accommodates original content including high definition videos. Cartoons online streaming can be easily accessed using the subscription of Hulu Plus. Hulu website majorly contains videos of television series including the past as well as the current episodes. Earlier, it was parted into two types of subscriptions- one being paid and the other one free. The free subscription offered access to limited videos whereas the paid subscription offered much more data access to the users. In 2016, this feature was revised. Additionally, the mobile application is also available for the users to download such that its easy and quick access can be availed by the users. Hulu website can be used by the people of The United States and its various territories as well as by the people of Japan.
4. Disney Video –
Disney Video lets you watch the amazing Disney cartoon videos from the various sites available on the website. You can choose your favorite cartoons and watch them online whenever desired.
5. Mickey Disney –
Are you a Mickey Cartoon fan? Mickey Cartoons is the ultimate website for you which plays all the old and new Mickey cartoon videos. Using this online portal, you can also play games and do much more than just watching your favorite cartoon characters. Using Mickey Disney can be one of the most eased out experiences.
6. Comedy Central –
Comedy Central gives you the opportunity to watch entire episodes of the popular cartoons including Professional Therapist, Futurama, Ugly Americans as well as Drawn Together. You need not subscribe to get access to the content as all of it on this website is absolutely free.
7. Nick –
One of the online portals that enable you to watch cartoon videos and films with extreme ease. Several popular cartoons make the major content of this cartoon streaming site. This is one of the websites commonly watched by the kids. Another part of this website is Nicktoons.
8. Alluc –
Alluc is an extremely user-friendly web portal to be used to watch cartoon videos and films, tv series, movies as well as documentaries. The categories of the contents are listed in the alphabetical order that makes the search extremely easy for the users and you can locate your desired cartoon within seconds.
9. New Grounds –
Newgrounds is an entertainment platform founded in the year 1995. Using New Grounds, you can watch, share and also upload videos of your choice. You can watch movies and also play several flash games using this amazing online portal. Kids love the offerings of this site.
10. Cartoon Network Video –
This web portal offers you the best cartoon films, episodes, and videos of high picture quality. Cartoons online streaming using Cartoon Network Video is an eased out process and you can view your favorite video clips by just a few clicks.
11. Watchcartoononline –
You can watch cartoon films and videos online using this user-friendly portal which accommodates a huge number of videos, clips as well as cartoon films.
12. Ovguide –
An online platform that accommodates thousands of cartoon films and videos for its users. It is dedicated to serving the users with the best of animated images and videos. Ovaguide is a collection of websites that can be submitted by the users which are later in turn reviewed by the editors and then posted. The editors review the overall content of the website before approving it.
13. Side Reel –
With Side Reel being your choice, you can easily sign in using any of your social media sites and enjoy the latest cartoon videos and films for absolutely no cost. This web portal also enables you to watch your favorite cartoon series online for free. By using this website you can search and track your favorite shows down and watch them without any cost. It provides you the links to the full-length episodes as well as a forum where you can share your reviews with the other users of the platform.
14. South Park Studios –
Are you a fan of the South Park Seasons? Another online portal using which you can view cartoon episodes and clips with high definition quality. For all the South Park series fans South Par Studios offers random episodes as well as video clips from your favorite series. You can enjoy reading relevant details about the popular series on the online portal. It is jam packed with innumerable videos, clips, and episodes and you can enjoy them immediately after they are posted on the site.
15. Cartoons On:
Cartoons On has a wide variety of cartoon videos available which makes it yet another popular website across the globe. The videos available here are classified into various categories such as shows, series etc. Every video has a brief description. This lets you pick the one you desire the most.
16. Fox on Demand –
Do you often miss your favorite shows? With Fox on Demand, you need not be worried. It makes cartoon videos and full-length episodes available on its website post they are telecasted on television. You can watch full episodes of many popular series including American Dad, Family Guy, The Simpson etc.
17. Bliptv –
Bliptv is one of such cartoons streaming site which along with animated videos also showcases a wide range of drama, sport as well as art related videos. Bliptv offers the best-animated films and videos from well-known producers. The website accommodates thousands of animated videos, cartoon shows and comic series along with their reviews. According to the reports of 2012 Bliptv use to gather a total of five hundred million views on the monthly basis.
18. Watch Formny –
Watch Formny is an entertaining website that lets you watch cartoons online, movies, music videos, comedy shows, clips etc. for free.
19. Adultswim –
This website programs during the late hours of the night. It features various animated shows including mockumentaries, sexual discussions, graphic violence, nudity etc. You can watch full episodes as well as thousands of video clips on Adultswim.
20. Anime Flavor –
This website accommodates the information of several cartoon series featuring fantasy, sci-fi, Gargoyles Genres, Supernatural Vintage etc.
21. Anime Toon –
Anime Toon offers several ranges of cartoon videos and films including sex cartoons along with the best cartoonists and caricaturists all packed in one single website. This web portal is updated on a daily basis and one can also download the videos for free. It accommodates thousands of cartoon videos and clips.
22. Cartoon Network Asia –
Cartoon Network Asia is another popular website that offers access to cartoon videos and films for free. Additionally, the site also offers several online games along with opportunities to win cartoon prizes which are highly adored by the young generations.
23. Cartoonworldtv –
You can enjoy high definition videos and cartoon clips via cartoonworldtv. The kids are for sure to love to watch cartoons online using this website anywhere anytime. One can also download the mobile application for free with no subscription cost for easy and convenient usage.
24. Boomerangtv –
Do you have a love for the older cartoon series that are no more aired on television? Boomerang is one such website that plays the old cartoon series including Tom & Jerry, Garfield, Pink Panther, The Flinstones etc. The site also offers several games and fun activities for the kids.
25. Jaroo –
Jaroo is one of the best online portals for the kids. Your kids and you can enjoy numerous cartoon episodes of popular series including Super Mario, Liberty's Kids as well as Johnny Test. A subscription is required to view the full-length videos uninterrupted.
No matter how busy one is, traveling has been an indispensable part of everyone's lives since ages. With the wide usage of internet and advancement in the technology, you can easily entertain yourself with your favorite cartoons while on wheels or any other place for that matter. All you need is a hand held technical device and an internet connection and the above-mentioned cartoon streaming sites can be availed within seconds by just a few clicks. Cartoons online streaming is the love of today's parents as they can fix up the schedule of their kids as per their desires.
What are your favourite cartoon shows? Do let us know by dropping a line or two in the comments section. Keep watching this space for insights on cartoon streaming sites. Subscribe to our newsletter to know more about cartoons online streaming. Cheers!
Tokyo is the capital of Japan and hosts millions of tourists a year, coming to visit a sprawling metropolis so foreign to their own. Tokyo itself has a population of approximately 13.5 million people in its 23 prefectures with in my opinion, one of the best metro systems in the world.
So what of the BJJ scene in Japan? It has one, a massive one, with from what I've gathered over 300 academies across the country. BJJ Tokyo being the center of this.
I recently had the privilege to visit Isshin Jiu Jitsu Academy (一心柔術) in Tokyo. Having recently signed up for part time study in Tamachi in Tokyo I was recommended by a training buddy to visit the open mats they have on a Saturday which was close to the school I was attending.
Getting There
Tokyo has an extremely efficient and vast metro system. If you are using the train lines, Kamata Station is where the gym is located. You exit the west exit and walk 150m to the gym. I use the JR Keihin Tohoku Negishi line and the gym can also be accessed by the Keikyu line and Tokyuu line to get to the gym for those not on the JR line .
If you have ever asked a Japanese person directions you would know they do not use street names to point you in the right direction but instead use key markers to get you there. Therefore, I would recommend you leave the west exit and walk up the right street next to the Don Quixote (Japanese Wal-Mart) and keep walking a short distance until you see a Yoshinoya. The gym is on the opposite side and on the second floor. You will see a sign very clearly and you just walk up the stairs to the gym.
The Facility
The gym itself is equipped with 2 showers, with 2 changing rooms connected to the shower rooms and a bathroom.
The mat space can fit between 20-25 people and has various exercise equipment such as ropes, kettle bells and climbing ropes for grip exercises and circuit training.
Inside tip : Post training there are plenty of little affordable restaurants all around the gym.
The Class
The class itself is hosted by the head instructor Yuji Goto, who has had extensive training in California under both Cleber Luciano (black belt under Royler Gracie) and Eduardo Fraga (head of Ralph Gracie Academy in Berkley).
A welcome fact is that Yuji is also bilingual and can teach in both English and Japanese therefore it's not unusual to have a good mixture of students on the mats from various countries. This is a welcome factor for anyone a little nervous about language barriers training BJJ in Japan.
Due to the fact that it is usually open mat on a Saturday (500 yen mat fee) the class is structured as a little drilling in the first half of class and a lot rolling which I love. Yuji also joins in and I have had the pleasure to both spar and learn from Mr. Goto during my visits to their gym. Yuji is both friendly and welcoming and I have sat chatting to them regarding BJJ and they have always welcomed me back when I visit.
In addition to the BJJ, Yuji has circuit training after open mat which I have participated in and it terms of fitness they really knows they stuff. Having participated in their 20 minutes circuits I can say that I would love to join in on more of them in the future especially closer to competition time as they put you through a good set of circuits centered around grappling movements.
Final Thoughts
I cannot say good enough things about the facilities, training and head instructor at Isshin BJJ. I would recommend the gym to anyone visiting or living in Japan who would like to train Jiu Jitsu. The BJJ Tokyo scene is thriving.
About the Head Instructor
Yuji Goto as well as establishing Isshin Jiu Jitsu has an extensive competitive background and has competed extensively in both the US and Japan.
JBJJF All Japan Master Champion (Leve) 2015 (Japan)Black
IBJJF Pan-American Championship 3rd place (Pena) 2015 (USA) Brown
IBJJF World Master 2015 3rd place (Pena) 2015 (USA) Brown
JBJJF All Japan Master 2nd (Pena & Open) 2016 (Japan) Black
In addition to active competition in these organizations Mr. Goto also likes to compete in Submission only formats and once competed in a match lasting 106 minutes
LGBulleTIn #37 - The week in LGBTI news
February 19-25, 2016
Friday, February 19
Indonesia: leading psychiatric body links being LGBT with mental disorders
According to a number of media sources, the Indonesian Psychiatric Association (PDSKJI) has issued a statement where connections were drawn between being LGBT and suffering from mental disorders.
The country's leading psychiatric body reportedly said trans people “can be categorised as persons with mental disorders”, which it said “may cause suffering and obstacles in functioning as a human being”.
PDSKJI would have also claimed that lesbian, gay and bisexual persons would be in danger of developing a psychiatric disorder unless they “maintain their mental health by guarding their behaviour, habit, healthy lifestyle, and increasing their ability to adapt to their social environment.”
“We really do care about them,” a member of the association told The Jakarta Post. “What we are worried about is, if left untreated, such sexual tendencies could become a commonly accepted condition in society."
A few days later, the crackdown on LGBTI people in the country continued, as it was announced that a Muslim madrasa for trans women would have been closed following protests by an organisation calling itself the Islamic Jihad Front.
~~~
Monday, February 22
Anglican Church of Southern Africa: “LGBT members of our church share in full membership”
Anglican bishops declare gayâ lesbian couples 'full members' of the church https://t.co/vO5Gni1jYT — Thabo Makgoba (@ArchbishopThabo) February 22, 2016
The leader of the Anglican Church of Southern Africa – which has dioceses in Angola, Lesotho, Swaziland, Mozambique, Namibia, South Africa and the island of St Helena - has issued a pastoral letter affirming that lesbian, gay and trans persons are welcome and full members of their church.
The letter arrived soon after the meeting of the Synod of Bishops, where pastoral guidelines for couples in South Africa who are in same-sex civil unions had to be finalised. “We reaffirm our assurance to them that they are loved by God – the guidelines read - and that all baptised‚ believing and faithful persons‚ regardless of sexual orientation‚ are full members of the Body of Christ.”
The document will be sent to the Provincial Synod for adoption later in 2016, but Archbishop Thabo Makgoba has already talked about its implications: “No child brought for baptism should be refused merely because of the sexual orientation of the parents‚” the letter reads, “and particular care should be taken against stigmatising not only parents but their children, too.”
Even if the Synod failed to draw up guidelines for clergy who want to bless people in same-sex relationships, LGBTI advocacy groups have praised its decisions: "This is a beacon of hope for the rest of Africa," said Rev Judith Kotze, director of operations at Inclusive and Affirming Ministries. "We still have a way to go, but one step at a time is better than standing still."
Costa Rica launches first project to support LGBTI persons in the workplace
Tweets by anita
_chae/status/701800975829307393
A project called Caja de herramientas has been launched in Costa Rica to promote awareness and share good practices about the inclusion of LGBTI persons in the workforce.
It is the first-ever initiative to address the issue in the country: the local Business Association for Development (AED), supported by the Canadian Fund for Local Initiatives and the Bloque Empresarial LGBTI, has created a toolbox that companies can use to analyse how they are respecting the rights of their LGBTI workforce, and to develop actions to promote their inclusion. A number of public institutions, along with business companies and non-profit organisations, have already taken advantage of the toolbox.
Costa Rican vice-president Ana Helena Chacón Echeverría said the project aims to empower organisations and companies to make stronger moves towards LGBTI inclusion: “A discriminatory society does not build anything,” they stated. “We will keep on fighting to give everyone more opportunities.”
~~~
Tuesday, February 23
Croatia not justified in excluding same-sex couples from family reunification process, European Court of Human Rights rules
Tweets by echr
_Press/status/702357935402459136
The European Court of Human Rights has found that Croatia's domestic Aliens Act excluded same-sex couples from the possibility of obtaining family reunification. It has been the first ruling of the court on this issue, and it has been an unanimous one.
Judges held that there had been a violation of Article 14 (non-discrimination) in conjunction with Article 8 (private and family life) in the case of Pajić v Croatia. Ms Pajić, a national of Bosnia-Herzegovina, had applied for a Croatian residence permit in 2011, but their attempts to be reunited with their Croatian partner had been refused ever since.
“The Court's decision shines a spotlight on the sort of practical discrimination that can have a devastating effect on people's day-to-day lives,” commented Evelyne Paradis, executive director at ILGA-Europe. Croatia will now have to pay non-pecuniary damages of EUR 10,000 to Ms Pajić, as well as costs and expenses.
Australia: PM orders review of anti-bullying initiative for LGBTI students
64% of LGBTIQ young people have been verbally abused. Shocking stats like this reinforce the need for #SafeSchools pic.twitter.com/wA4hEiIrNq — Young and Well CRC (@yawcrc) February 26, 2016
The Safe Schools program - an Australian initiative signed up by almost 500 schools, which aims at creating inclusive school environments for same sex attracted, intersex and gender diverse students, staff and families - will be reviewed after the Liberal backbencher Cory Bernardi raised concerns in the Coalition party room “about the appropriateness of materials presented to our kids." They also asked the government “to pull the rest of the funding for the remainder of the program.” According to The Guardian, six other Coalition MPs backed them in the joint party room meeting.
Prime minister Malcolm Turnbull has then requested an investigation into the program: the review of its material is expected to be completed by mid-March. Their decision sparked a lively debate throughout the country: while senator Bernardi said to have collected 9,500 signatures in a petition from "concerned Australians" in less than a week, a counter-petition supporting the Safe Schools Coalition has been backed by more than 26,000 persons.
In a statement, Safe Schools Coalition Australia has welcomed the investigation as an opportunity “to demonstrate the positive impact of this important program and provide the facts and evidence behind it.”
~~~
Wednesday, February 24
United States: historic consumer fraud complaint against a conversion therapy group
A group of civil rights organizations have filed a historic consumer fraud complaint with the federal government against People Can Change, a group that - as its website says - try and make people “free from the constant pull of homosexual desires.”
“The practice (of conversion therapy) is based on the false premise that being LGBT is a mental illness or disorder,” the complaint reads. “[…] There is no competent and reliable scientific evidence supporting claims that PCC's methods can change an individual's sexual orientation; in contrast, there is substantial competent and reliable scientific evidence that conversion therapy, including the methods employed by PCC, is ineffective and can and often does result in significant health and safety risks."
Last June, in New Jersey, a jury found that a non-profit conversion therapy group called JONAH was guilty of consumer fraud. Civil rights group organisations now hope that this further action will lead to a nationwide ban of this harmful practice.
The issue of conversion therapy made headlines also in other parts of the world throughout the week: in Malta, the government and church are clashing over the proposed bill that seeks to outlaw the practice, while in Chile the ministry of Health said it considers conversion therapy “a grave threat to health and well-being, including the life, of the people who are affected.”
~~~
Thursday, February 25
Hong Kong, London and New York to host 24-hour event analysing costs of LGBT discrimination
The Economist Events has launched Pride and Prejudice, a global initiative and conference examining the economic and human costs of discrimination against the LGBT community. Happening on March 3rd, the event will bring together more than 200 leaders from the business world, politics and civil society to examine topics ranging from the outlook of LGBT human rights around the world to the role of legislation in shifting public opinion for LGBT acceptance.
Pride and Prejudice will be a 24-hour event, starting in Hong Kong and moving on to London and New York. ILGA is supporting the initiative, and the association's co-secretary general, Ruth Baldacchino, will feature among the London speakers, who will be involved in the panel Channels for change: The next front for LGBT equality.
Registration to the events is open! ILGA member organisations can enter discount code ILGADC to save 20% off a pass to either the Hong Kong, London or New York events.
Is that all? More news bites
The civil union bill has been passed by the Italian Senate and will now move to the lower chamber. Disappointingly, children in rainbow families have been left behind as second-parent adoption has been scrapped from the bill.
In Portugal, president Aníbal Cavaco Silva signed the law allowing same-sex couples to adopt children.
A bill has been filed in Luxembourg to simplify the rectification of civil status for trans persons.
Over the weekend, there will be a vote in Switzerland on a popular initiative on tax for couples, which also aims at changing the definition of marriage as “between a man and a woman” in the federal constitution.
Activists in Uganda are fearing the anti-LGBTI crackdown in the country will continue now that Yoweri Museveni has been re-elected president.
In Tunisia, the LGBTI advocacy group Shams has won its legal challenge against a government order that had forced them to suspend operations, and can now resume its activities.
GALCK has released a report addressing the experiences of lesbian, bisexual and queer women in Kenya.
Three trans women have been murdered in Brazil, while a young man in Chile was killed in front of their mother after having been abused with homophobic slurs.
The first hearing of the constitutional challenge to the anti-sodomy law has taken place in Jamaica.
A number of inmates in a women's prison in Paraguay were denied the right to be visited by their same-sex partners. According to NGOs working on the situation, some of them have also been threatened to be moved to other facilities, far from their families.
The 78ers - people who had started the Sydney Mardi Gras in 1978, many of whom ended up in jail or were attacked - have finally received an apology from the New South Wales, Australia parliament and from the newspaper who had published their names, addresses and occupations.
There is mounting concern about the latest draft of the Solomon Islands' new constitution, which would reportedly explicitly exclude sexual orientation from the grounds of discrimination.
Students at a Sydney, Australia high school have won a battle to change their uniform policy and allow students to wear boys or girls uniforms regardless of their gender.
“Is it really necessary for local governments to spend a lot of time and money on issues relating to sexual orientation — or personal taste?” said a lawmaker in Japan, who also reportedly argued that trans people “are clearly disabled and should be legally protected.”
The Ministry of Information said it is working with human rights groups in Cambodia to create a regular radio program that discusses LGBTI issues.
Chiayi will join other six cities in Taiwan and start registering same-sex couples next month.
A trans activist has sued the state of Kansas, United States over its refusal to update their gender on their birth certificate.
The Centers for Disease Control released a study indicating that “at current rates, 1 in 6 men who have sex with men (MSM) will be diagnosed with HIV in their lifetime” in the United States.
Two trans women were killed in less than 48 hours in the United States. According to a new HRC report, State lawmakers have introduced twice as many bills targeting trans people's rights since the start of the 2016 legislative session as in all of 2015.
In Canada, Justin Trudeau has announced they will join the Toronto's Pride parade, thus becoming the first prime minister in the country to do so.
Is there any other LGBTI-related news you want to share with us?
Drop us a line on Facebook or tweet @ilgaworld!
Taipei: Shall we name it Snapkart, or Flipdeal? Perhaps either Snapflip or Flipsnap.
Whatever the moniker, a merger between India's Flipkart and Snapdeal needs to happen.
The two e-commerce companies are burning through cash and it doesn't look like the flames of competition are going to die down while they're being fanned by that 800-pound American gorilla called Amazon and its $15.9 billion war chest.
Just this week Snapdeal reduced the levy it charges sellers, allowing the company to claim that after the changes—effective 14 July—it will have the lowest marketing fees among competitors in half its product line, VC Circle reported.
Having the lowest commissions may be something to boast about to your buyers and sellers, but it's not a thing investor that have so far pumped at least $5 billion into those two companies alone want to hear.
You can't really blame Snapdeal for the move. When Flipkart less than a month earlier tried to raise its own fees and tighten rules on refunds, including passing the cost of product returns to sellers, they faced a backlash. According to VC Circle, two unions that represent merchants—yes, even e-commerce sellers in India have unions—declared a strike and took about one million products off their respective e-shelves.
India's government accidentally imposed a truce earlier in the year when its easing of foreign direct investment (FDI) rules included the provision that marketplaces with foreign shareholders—such as Amazon India, Snapdeal and Flipkart—not influence the prices of products they list. That meant an end to sales subsidies and a temporary ceasefire in the price war, until the gloves came off again and Amazon India joined the slash-and-burn game by cutting commissions.
With even accidental intervention failing to control the market, the best outcome would be a merger similar to Chinese ride-hailing apps Didi Dache and Kuaidi Dache getting together to form what's now known as Didi Chuxing.
But although a joining of Snapdeal and Flipkart is the most logical strategy for both companies to take on Amazon—and a possible entry by Alibaba—such a move won't happen for another six months at least, Arvind Singhal, chairperson of Indian consultancy Technopak told Gadfly.
Also read: Flipkart, Snapdeal, Jabong are spending less on ads
For one, management teams will likely be given more time by investors to attempt a turnaround. Snapdeal is already making the right noises, with CEO and co-founder Kunal Bahl telling Mint he's focused on revenue instead of gross merchandise value, which tracks how much product is transacted on a marketplace.
Flipkart's changes have been more drastic. At least four senior executives are reported to have left in recent months, and the company has swapped CEO, from co-founder Sachin Bansal to co-founder Binny Bansal.
Yet, such changes are unlikely to bring a fast turnaround on their own. With profitability being another two years away, both startups are going to need more cash and you can bet investors will be less keen to hand it over under the shadow of Amazon, which has already committed $5 billion to its Indian operations and has more to spare.
Instead, investors, including venture capital firms Accel, Bessemer, DST and Tiger Global, should seek to broker a merger that could cool the fight with Amazon and bring the duo back to the business of making money. Even then, turning a profit in India won't be a snap but it would be the best deal for all. Bloomberg
ANN ARBOR, Mich. -- Sometimes, science means staying awake for two days straight.
But losing sleep is a small sacrifice to make, if you want to learn more about tiny bacteria that sicken half a million Americans each year, kill more than 14,000 of them, and rack up $4.8 billion in health care costs.
That's what drove a team of University of Michigan scientists to work around the clock to study the bacterium called Clostridium difficile, or C. difficile, the bane of hospitals and nursing homes. Most patients develop it after taking antibiotics.
In a new paper in the journal Infection and Immunity, the researchers lay out for the first time exactly how C. difficile wreaks havoc on the guts of animals in a short time, and causes severe diarrhea and life-threatening disease in humans.
Despite the heavy toll the organism takes, no team had ever been able to measure C. difficile activity over time in this way. Their findings could help lead to better prevention and treatment of C. difficile infections.
A fast track to disease
The researchers started by introducing C. difficile spores into mice via their mouths - similar to what might happen in a hospital environment where spores from past patients' infections abound. Then, they studied what happened after the spores entered the body, by taking gut samples at regular intervals and studying them under special conditions. The animals had all received antibiotics.
Through their hours-long surveillance, the researchers found that it took C. difficile only about 24 hours to go from hard spores to toxin-producing, diarrhea-inducing cells all the way at the other end of the digestive tract, in the large intestine.
The researchers also show that bile acids in the gut "woke up" the dormant bacteria spores, and that they grow into cells in the small intestine within 24 hours of exposure. Because antibiotics disrupted the gut's normal community of other bacteria - called the gut microbiome -- C. difficile cells could continue to the large intestine and start their toxic effects on the cells that line the gut. When they tested the contents of the small intestine separately, they also showed this happens whether or not the animals have received antibiotics.
In the large intestine, they even saw how C. difficile cells formed spores again - allowing them to survive the exit from the body in feces and go on to infect a new host.
"If we can understand the process that specific bacteria use to germinate and get established, we may be able to intervene more effectively," says Vincent Young, M.D., Ph.D., the senior author of the new study, a professor at the U-M Medical School and co-leader of the school's Host Microbiome Initiative. "We assume that antibiotics change the gut microbiome, but we haven't known how that allows C. difficile to gain a foothold and begin to ramp up growth."
First author Mark Koenigsknecht, Ph.D., a postdoctoral fellow in Young's lab who is now continuing their research at the U-M College of Pharmacy, was one of the researchers who was up all night to get data for the experiment.
"We introduced 100 spores through the mouth, and within six hours we could find 1,000 cells in the intestinal tract," they note. "We chose this strain of C. difficile because of its rapid ability to cause disease in animals, but we didn't think it would happen that quickly."
Tracking C. difficile's effect on the gut
The U-M team used a mouse model they developed, and a common antibiotic in the cephalosporin class. The strain of C. difficile used in the experiment originated with a patient years ago, but is available for purchase as a laboratory culture.
Working in facilities made possible by the Host Microbiome Initiative, they took samples at regular intervals from seven difficileerent areas of the digestive tracts of the mice. They then whisked the samples into special oxygen-free facilities, called anaerobic chambers, that allowed them to see the amount and forms of C. difficile present in each gut region.
With the help of Patrick Schloss, Ph.D., a professor in the Department of Microbiology & Immunology, the researchers used DNA analysis to see what the entire gut microbiome looked like in antibiotic-treated animals and those that hadn't been treated. The antibiotics really disrupted the community of bacteria in the small intestine, and C. difficile came to dominate in 36 hours.
They also examined the intestinal tract under a microscope. The toxin produced by C. difficile cells in their vegetative, or growing, state causes an effect on the cells that line the digestive tract, causing them to become "leaky", raising the alarm among nearby immune system cells, and leading to diarrhea. The cell changes were seen in the large intestine about 30 hours after spore introduction.
Next steps
Koenigsknecht notes that this is the first time researchers have seen in a living animal that toxin production, and production of new spores of C. difficile capable of surviving outside the body, occur at the same time. This indication that the two processes are linked, and that they are switched on by some factor in the body, is intriguing, they say.
Now, the effort to figure out what that signal is, whether different strains of C. difficile act differently, and who is most vulnerable to its effects, will continue.
Koenigsknecht has teamed with College of Pharmacy professors to test the use of a seven-foot-long tube that can be threaded down the human digestive tract and used to retrieve samples at difficileerent locations along the way. Originally developed for testing how drugs are broken down and used by the body, it could provide an entirely new window into the human microbiome.
"Now that we understand what C. difficile is doing, we can also go and ask more questions about how the machinery inside the cell is turning on," they say. "We have to know how to study it before we can cure it." Animal-based research is vital to this effort.
Young notes that there are many ways C. difficile could take over an antibiotic-decimated gut. "Does it prevent other bacteria from growing, or outcompete them by eating faster? Does it communicate with the cells of the gut lining? We're trying to figure out the interaction between the 'good bugs' and the 'bad bugs', and the lining of the gut." Young is an associate professor of infectious diseases and of microbiology and immunology.
###
In addition to Young, Schloss and Koenigsknecht, the study's authors are Casey Theriot, Ingrid Bergin and Cassie Schumacher. The research was funded by the National Institutes of Health grants U19AI090871, K01GM109236 and 5R01GM099514. It used the U-M Metabolomics Core, funded by NIH grant U24 DK097153. The content is solely the responsibility of the authors and does not necessarily represent the official views of the National Institutes of Health.
Reference: Infection and Immunity, doi: 10.1128/IAI.02768-14, March 2015 vol. 83 no. 3 934-941
