Thirty-one years ago today, The International Ceremony of the Waters and dedication of Fountain of Nations at Epcot in Future World took place. Cultural representatives, selected by their countries, traveled to Epcot with a container of water from their nation and poured it into the fountain during the dedication.
Twenty-five bodies of water representing 29 nations were poured into the fountain. The Senagambia River brought from Africa represented eight African nations and the mighty Mississippi River represented the United States in the ceremony.
The fountain holds 149,000 gallons of water with 30,000 gallons cascading over its tiered sides every minute. Today, 200 pneumatic shooters help create dancing waters to various Disney musical selections for guests to enjoy.
For more Vintage Walt Disney World posts, click the links below:
When the history of the 21st century is written, 8 November, 2016 will be marked as a day when the worst nightmare of liberal internationalists came true with the election of the 45th President of the United States: Donald John Trump. The road from here to a global free-for-all is not far. All that would take is for Trump to carry out a small fraction of their foreign policy promises – if one can indeed call fragmentary, contradictory, stream-of-consciousness statements as such.
What President Trump means to India has already been dissected to the point where adding anything new becomes impossible, on either side of the ledger – Trump as “positive” or “negative” when it comes to India. And as umpteen commentators have already noted, the broad bipartisan support for India is something no American president can overturn overnight. Having said that the challenge for India does not lie in dealing with Trump's India-specific policies. It lies with fire-fighting contingencies and spill-overs from their Administration's policies elsewhere.
Key among them would be their handling of China, Russia, and the Middle East. If President Trump was also to withdraw long-standing security support for Europe and Japan, India will be inevitably drawn in, as opportunities or threats.
The main challenge emanating from Trump lies elsewhere, at a more fundamental level, in their desire to do two contradictory things at once. On one hand, theirs has been a stance of neo-isolationism, a nod to the American isolationists of the late 1930s, between the two world wars. On the other hand, they want to maintain American leadership in the international system which – as Americans since President Woodrow Wilson have understood – often imply the deployment of diplomacy and force for causes far removed from the shores of the Atlantic or the Pacific.
This contradiction will become vivid in Trump's Middle East strategy. Throughout their campaign, Trump has – often in fairly blunt terms – indicated their desire to tame the Islamic State. In their own words, they would like to “knock the hell out of them.” But as Bush 43 found out to their own peril after the extremely-ill-advised invasion of Iraq in 2003, superior firepower and “shock-and-awe” tactics only goes so far. The real challenge starts when the bombing ends, and when the only thing that prevents an ancient society from falling apart are American boots on the ground. If Trump's Middle East strategy is ‘shoot-and-scoot', the coming anarchy in the Middle East will make Iraq and Syria look like suburban Maryland, in comparison.
Trump's advisors – which include people slated for cabinet positions – know this well, often from direct professional experience. For example, retired US army lieutenant general Michael Flynn is rumoured to be appointed either as Secretary of Defense (for which they may be ineligible by law, barring a congressional waiver) or National Security Advisor in the Trump administration. Flynn served as the head of intelligence in the joint special operations command during the Afghanistan and Iraq campaigns and is a well-known (and respected) scholar-practitioner of counterterrorism and intelligence.
Confidantes like Flynn will definitely alert Trump to the possibility should the United States embark on a vigorous campaign to annihilate the Islamic State and other assorted Sunni extremists, then the country ought to engage in the region on a long haul. In which case, Trump simply becomes Bush 43, albeit with a foul mouth and a worse attitude.
The alternative is that the US retrenches by erecting Fortress America, thereby ceding tremendous strategic space to the Russians. This may be acceptable to Trump, given their bonhomie with Vladimir Putin, and indeed strategically desirable based on a realpolitikal calculation. “Let Russia sort out the Middle East while we sit back and toast our good fortune,” Trump could think. Such a position, by definition, reduces American importance in the region and therefore deals a grave blow to America's aspirations to global leadership.
Of course – and we must remember, as Niall Fergusson has written umpteen number of times, we are in the year of the unthinkable – the United States under Trump could decide to collaborate with the Russians in going after the Islamic State. This would mean Assad stays in power, given the Russian inflexibility in this matter. But worse still, a US-Russia entente may have to accommodate the growing Russia-China axis.
Trump's China position is well-known and the most visible leitmotif of their proto-foreign-policy. Typical of Trump's inflammatory style, they once said: “We can't continue to allow China to rape our country.” Suppose Trump gets serious about China – triggering a trade war between the two countries in the process. Beijing will most definitely try to convince Moscow to disengage with Washington and it is extremely unlikely that Russia would prefer the US over China.
This brings us to a fairly interesting geopolitical game that could be played in the near future: Would Russia see gaining enough from collaborating with the US in the Middle East to jettison China? Or will it try to step back and watch two of its historical adversaries – the US and China – squabble?
A new era of geopolitics is upon us.
The author is a fellow at the Observer Research Foundation, New Delhi and a national security columnist for Firstpost. Views expressed here are personal. They tweet @AbhijnanRej.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
The seasonally adjusted unemployment rate was 7.1 percent, unchanged from the March figure, the Federal Labour Agency (BA) said. However, there were 37,000 fewer people looking for work than the same time last month.
This was exactly what economists surveyed by Dow Jones Newswires had forecast.
Market observers cheered the news. "The unemployment rate may fall further in the coming months," said Ben May, an analyst at Capital Economics.
"Germany's robust recovery is likely to continue for a little while yet," they added.
Another economist, Heinrich Bayer, from Postbank, said: "There's no end in sight to the upswing on the labour market," adding the goal of full employment in Germany was "more and more attainable."
On an unadjusted basis, the unemployment rate fell to 7.3 percent from 7.6 percent the previous month. There were 3.078 million unemployed in total, a drop of 132,000, the office said.
Frank-Jürgen Weise, the head of the BA, said: "The stable, positive trend on the labour market has continued with the economic upswing. Unemployment dropped further in April."
"The upturn on the jobs market is unstoppable," said Economy Minister Rainer Brüderle.
Labour Minister Ursula von der Leyen said the figures showed the job market was “as absorbent as a sponge” and the new rules giving workers from eight eastern European countries free rein in Germany was a “great opportunity.”
Nevertheless, the ranks of Germany's employed include a rising number carrying out so-called "mini-jobs", whose salary must be less than €400 per month.
There were nearly five million people in this position in April, a rise of 0.6 percent on the year, according to the BA. A further 2.4 million were doing a "mini-job" on top of another job.
Unions have criticised "mini-jobs", designed to serve as a springboard for the unemployed into a full-time job, saying that instead, it has led to an increase in low-paid work and a decrease in job security.
After suffering its worst recession in more than 60 years in 2009, the German economy has bounced back strongly, registering a record growth rate of 3.6 percent in 2010.
This year, Berlin expects the economy to grow by 2.6 percent this year, ahead of European rivals Britain and France.
AFP/DAPD/The Local/djw
Supercheap Auto Racing's V8 Supercar racer takes on the world's fastest four-door production car in a drag race of historic proportions.
In this gig, we're motoring journos are often driven to pitch story ideas that we know will never get off the ground. It's a built-in compulsion. So, when we asked the lads at Supercheap Auto Racing if they'd be interested in a drag race, we didn't think there'd be much chance of it ever happening.
Imagine our surprise when the answer was an enthusiastic and unequivocal ‘yes'.
Not only were they up for the challenge, the Supercheap Auto Racing team, which competes in the V8 Supercars Championship (Australia's premier motorsport category), even offered to provide a track: Victoria's Winton Raceway.
That's not all, though. Pulling out all the stops, the team also agreed to bring their ace driver, Tim Slade, and their 650hp+ Holden Commodore V8 Supercar.
Their challenger? The world's fastest four-door sedan.
You may be surprised to hear that it's not a supercharged or turbocharged V8 or V10 monster — it's the fully electric Tesla Model S P85D with Insane Mode (recently superseded by the Model S P90D and Ludicrous Mode).
The Model S P85D pushes out a mind-numbing combined 567kW of power (that's over 750hp) and claims to sprint from 0-100km/h in just 3.3 seconds (although the best we could manage in our earlier Model S drag race was 3.5 seconds).
The Supercheap Auto Racing V8 Supercar, on the other hand, produces over 480kW of power and promises a 0-100km/h sprint time – in perfect conditions – of 3.4-seconds.
The V8 Supercar has a weight benefit, coming in at just 1400kg with next to no interior, where the Model S P85D tips the scales at over 2000kg, but has the benefit of all-wheel drive.
Of course, you can't drive a track-specified V8 Supercar on the road. So, we wanted to get the help of the fastest series-production four-door sedan built in Australia, the HSV GTS. For good measure, we decided on an example with a bit more pep in its step, so we enlisted the help of Walkinshaw Performance.
Enter, the Walkinshaw Performance W507, a tuned version of the HSV GTS that both looks and sounds the part. Driven by a menacing 507kW (680hp) 6.2-litre supercharged V8, the W507 promises a 0-100km/h time of just just over 4.0 seconds.
So, the challenge was set: the world's fastest four-door sedan against the fastest Australian-built four-door sedans.
The first drag race was the Walkinshaw Performance W507 against the Tesla Model S P85D. At the start line, all I could hear was my colleague Dave revving the big brute, releasing an intoxicating dose of supercharger whine and exhaust noise.
With a six-speed automatic gearbox, Dave couldn't merely stand on the throttle — the 850Nm on tap would cause the rear tyres to erupt into tyre smoke. Instead, he'd need to ease on the throttle before standing on it for the 400-ish metre straight.
My job is easier. With the car in Insane Mode (the maximum current draw from the batteries) and creep set to ‘off', all I would need to do is let go of the pedals and hit the loud pedal for its full complement of torque. The Model S P85D is capable of churning over 1150Nm of torque through all four wheels, so it certainly has the technical advantage off the line.
As our race starter drops their hands, we both get on to the throttle. The Model S P85D rockets ahead in the first 100 metres, blitzing Dave while they grapple for traction. By around half way, I can see Dave gaining on me as the fully-electric Tesla tapers off.
It's not enough though, as we reach the finish line and I complete the sprint some four car lengths ahead of Dave.
The stupendous acceleration off the line causes your whole body to be shoved back into the seat as the Tesla gains traction, eating up the space (and time) in front of it. The relentless push starts slowing after around 100km/h, but by this point I'd secured the win.
Still, that first run had me worried. If a supercharged V8 road car was chomping at the bit, how would a full-blown race car with slick tyres go?
As Slade performed their warm up laps around the track, I was blown away by the noise. The side exhaust outlets emit an almighty roar with each gear change. The naturally-aspirated 5.0-litre V8 engine uses a Holden 308 cast iron block, control cam shafts and an aluminium dry sump. The interior is entirely stripped out and features Slade's race seat, a whole bunch of flashing lights and three pedals.
The gearbox is a trick six-speed sequential transaxle with an integrated spool differential and a triple-plate carbon 7 and 1/4 inch clutch. The giant AP Racing brakes measure 395mm up front and 355mm at the rear, operating at up to 900 degrees Celsius under race conditions. On top of that, the car weighs just 1400kg with Slade on board — bearing a near-1000kg weight saving over the Model S P85D.
Slade's car must be switched off at idle because it has no engine fan, and if it were to stay running, the team could risk damaging the engine. As we line up to race, Slade fires up the V8 Supercar. To say I was a little nervous would be an understatement.
The Model S is dead silent, so all I can hear is Slade revving the car. Just before the countdown starts, Slade sets the vehicle's launch parameters. A manual brake operates to hold the vehicle as Slade climbs the engine to its perfect rev band.
As our race-starter counts down to zero, Slade drops the brake and releases the clutch to rocket away from the line. Slade's cold tyres see them struggles with traction off the line, as I charge forward in the Model S P85D.
Just before the half way marker I realise I have a clear lead over the V8 Supercar. But, it wasn't over yet.
As Slade builds speed and locks in full traction, they begin reeling in the electric Tesla. By the three-quarter marker I scan my rear-vision mirror to find Slade just metres behind me.
We smash past the finish line with the Tesla ahead by a tight two car lengths. As I hit the brakes — by this point I'm travelling at almost 170km/h, some 47 metres per second — Slade's V8 Supercar rockets past me, taking the racing line for the first corner.
It's at this point that I realise the fury and power under the bonnet of the V8 Supercar. The mentally loud machine sounds like it's sitting in my dash as Slade gears down with backfires to match.
We end our drag race at the finish line chatting about the experience. Slade was blown away by the pace on offer from the Tesla Model S P85D. We all thought that with an extra 50m or so, the V8 Supercar would probably have the win.
But, it goes to show how totally incredible the Model S P85D is from a straight-line speed point of view. It has the goods to take on almost any road car and, as we've seen, a full-blown race car.
The guys at Supercheap Auto Racing want a rematch though — this time with a longer straight.
What do you think? Should we get a Ludicrous Mode Model S P90D and give them an extra 100m?
Read our review of the 2016 Tesla Model S P85D here and watch a drag race between the Model S P85 and the P85D here. Read more about the Walkinshaw Performance W507 here.
Click on the Photos tab for more images by Tom Fraser.
Videography by Igor Solomon.
Amazon today announced a new device for the Echo family: the Echo Look, a “style assistant” camera that helps catalog your outfits and rates your look based on “machine learning algorithms with advice from fashion specialists.” Imagine it as a smart mirror of sorts — you can talk to the Echo Look to take full-length photos or short videos to check out your outfit from seldom-seen angles.
The Echo Look first leaked as a “security camera” back in March, and the photo matches exactly with what Amazon has announced today. The device comes with a built-in LED light, a microphone, and a base mount for you to attach it to the wall or leave it freestanding. It will also work with a companion app that has a Style Check feature to compare two outfits and rate which is better. As an aside, the Amazon iOS app offers a similar feature under the Programs and Features menu, if you don't want to buy the Echo Look. The Echo version of the feature gives you a percentage rating of outfits based on a mix of algorithm and stylist opinions, while Outfit Compare on the Amazon app picks which outfit of the two it likes better.
Like the original Echo speaker, you can ask Alexa on the Echo Look to read you news, play music, or get traffic estimates. Amazon says it will continue to add Alexa skills for the Echo Look as well.
The device appears to be Amazon's way of expanding its fashion retail shop, as it will store your lookbook and recommend outfits that suit your style. From a fashion and lifestyle perspective, the camera could be a way to enter the fitness realm as well — soon, the Echo Look might have an app that could take daily photos of you to compare weight loss progress, for example.
And while it's not designed to be a security camera, it does seem like it has enough components to double as one that could periodically snap photos while you're away from home. We'll check out the hardware on this more when we are able to snag a review unit. For now, if you do decide to buy it, it's probably best to not get dressed in front of it.
The Echo Look is available for $199.99 by invitation only. Interested customers can request one on the product page.
FILE - In this Feb. 27, 2017 file photo, President Donald Trump speaks in the Roosevelt Room of the White House in Washington. Trump is accusing former President Barack Obama of having Trump's telephones ``wire tapped'' during last year's election, but Trump isn't offering any evidence or saying what prompted the allegation. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais, File) The Associated Press
By DARLENE SUPERVILLE and JULIE PACE, Associated Press
PALM BEACH, Fla. (AP) — President Donald Trump on Saturday accused former President Barack Obama of tapping their telephones during last year's election, lodging a startling allegation of abuse of power without evidence or explanation.
An Obama spokesperson declared the assertion "simply false."
In a series of angry morning tweets, Trump suggested their predecessor was behind a politically motivated plot to upend their campaign. They compared the alleged events to "Nixon/Watergate" and "McCarthyism!" They called Obama a "Bad (or sick) guy."
Trump's claims drew bipartisan rebukes from Democrats and Republicans alike who find their habit of venting on social media to be beneath the office of the president. After delivering a well-received speech to Congress earlier this week, the tweets reflected the president's growing frustration with the swirling allegations about their advisers' ties to Russia, which are under FBI investigation, and their team's inability to overcome them. Trump lashed out at their senior team during an Oval Office meeting Friday, according to one White House official.
The White House did not respond to questions about what prompted the president's accusations that Obama had tapped their phones. Presidents cannot legally order wiretaps against U.S. citizens.
Trump said Saturday morning they had "just found out" the information, though it was unclear whether they were referring to a briefing, a conversation or a media report. The president has in the past tweeted about unsubstantiated and provocative reports they read on blogs or conservative websites.
Still, the morning tweets stand out, even for the perpetually piqued Trump, given the gravity of the charge and the strikingly personal attack on the former president. Trump spoke as recently as last month about how much they like Obama and how much they get along, despite their differences.
"How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process. This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy!" they tweeted, misspelling 'tap.'
Obama spokesperson Kevin Lewis said a "cardinal rule" of the Obama administration was that no White House official ever interfered in Justice Department investigations, which are supposed to be conducted free of political influence.
"As part of that practice, neither President Obama nor any White House official ever ordered surveillance on any U.S. citizen," Lewis said, adding that "any suggestion otherwise is simply false."
Rep. Adam Schiff of California, the senior Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, said in a statement that Trump was making "the most outlandish and destructive claims without providing a scintilla of evidence to support them."
Sen. Ben Sasse, R-Neb., called on Trump to explain what they know about the wiretapping allegations "ideally to the full public, and at a bare minimum to the U.S. Senate."
Trump has been trailed for months by questions about their campaign's ties to Russia. The questions have been compounded by U.S. intelligence agencies' assessment that Russia interfered with the election to help Trump triumph over Hillary Clinton, along with disclosures about their aides' contacts with a Russian official.
Those disclosures have already cost retired Gen. Michael Flynn their job as national security adviser and prompted calls from Democrats for Attorney General Jeff Sessions to resign.
On Thursday, Sessions recused themselves from the FBI probe after acknowledging they did not disclose their campaign-season contacts with Russia's ambassador to the United States when asked during their confirmation proceedings. Sessions, a U.S. senator at the time, was Trump's earliest Senate supporter.
The Sessions revelations deepened the president's anger over what they see as their team's inability to get ahead of the Russia allegations. In the Oval Office meeting Friday shortly before departing for Florida, they angrily told senior advisers that what had the potential to be a good week following their address to Congress had been overtaken by the Russia controversy, according to a White House official who insisted on anonymity in order to discuss the private meeting.
Chief of staff Reince Priebus, who was scheduled to depart with Trump, was told to stay in Washington, the White House official said. Chief strategist Steve Bannon also stayed behind, though they eventually traveled to Florida on Saturday with Sessions.
White House spokesperson Sean Spicer said Priebus and Bannon had volunteered to stay in Washington.
In their morning tweets, Trump said the wiretapping occurred in October at Trump Tower, the New York skyscraper where they ran their campaign and transition. They also maintain a residence there.
The president's allegations may be related to anonymously sourced reports in British media and blogs, and on conservative-leaning U.S. websites, including Breitbart News. Those reports claimed that U.S. officials had obtained a warrant under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act to review contacts between computers at a Russian bank and Trump's New York headquarters.
The Associated Press has not confirmed these contacts or the investigation into them. Bannon is a former executive chairperson of Breitbart News.
FISA is a 1978 law that created a system to hear requests to surveil foreign intelligence agents. It differs from a regular criminal warrant because it does not require the government to provide probable cause that a crime has occurred. Instead, under FISA, the government must simply provide evidence that the target of an investigation is an agent of a foreign power.
Such targetable agents would include Russian diplomats such as Sergei Kislyak, the ambassador who spoke with a number of Trump aides. But a FISA warrant could also include others for whom investigators could muster probable cause, potentially including entities directly connected to Trump.
Obama could not order a FISA warrant. Obtaining one would require officials at the Justice Department to seek permission from the FISA court, which is shrouded in secrecy. Judges could order prosecutors to share FISA information with defendants if they deem it necessary for challenging a search's legality, but courts have consistently agreed with the government that disclosing the material could expose sensitive intelligence secrets.
One exception to this practice is the president himself, who has the authority to declassify records. In Trump's case, they could confirm any such surveillance of their campaign or business undertaken before they took office in January.
___
Pace reported from Washington. Associated Press writers Kathleen Hennessey and Jeff Horwitz in Washington contributed to this report.
___
Follow Darlene Superville at http://twitter.com/dsupervilleap and Julie Pace at http://twitter.com/jpaceDC
1974 saw ABBA win the Eurovision Song Contest for Sweden with their song ‘Waterloo', one of the best remembered entries from the show's long history which quickly catapulted the group to international fame. But how many of us watching the live broadcast over four decades ago realised that Agnetha, Björn, Benny and Anni-Frid were performing in a space once graced by royal stallions?
ABBA winning the Eurovision Song Contest in 1974 courtesy of YouTube
In Eurovision land, the winning country hosts the following year's competition. Having won two years in a row, diminutive Luxembourg was in a fix and so Britain stepped in. Rather than hosting the show in London, the BBC chose one of the largest concert halls on the south coast, The Dome in Brighton.
The Dome at Brighton today
This yellow brick edifice with minarets and an impressive 24 metre cast iron domes was constructed in 1804-8 for George, Prince of Wales (soon to become Prince Regent, and later King George IV). The building's ‘Indian-Saracenic' design, created by William Porden (ca. 1755-1822), pre-dates that of the neighbouring Royal Pavilion as we know it today, which at the time comprised only a smaller neo-classical structure. The purpose of Porden's monumental creation was as stabling for the prince's horses, with an adjacent hall – now the city's Corn Exchange – acting as a riding school. The stage where ABBA sang was built inside the circular stables where up to 60 royal horses were once housed and groomed. The balconies from which Europe's television broadcasters provided their live commentary held accommodation for stable-boys.
74/558*.h.12 John Nash, 'Her Majesty's Palace at Brighton' (London, 1838)
Queen Victoria disliked the royal estate at Brighton, and in the 1850s the buildings were all sold to the town corporation. The circular stables were first concerted into a concert hall 1867-73, and the space has been remodelled several times since. Its most recent refurbishment was in 1998-2001, when a certain Björn Ulvaeus of ABBA stepped up to become one of its 50 famous patrons. They haven't yet offered to give an updated performance of ‘Waterloo' at the Dome, but here's hoping!
Adrian Edwards
Head of Printed Heritage Collections
Further reading:
Brighton and Hove, by Nicholas Antram and Richard Morrice. (Pevsner Architecture Guides.) [New Haven and London: Yale University Press, 2008].
The New Encyclopædia of Brighton, by Rose Collis. [Brighton: B&H City Council, 2010].
The Complete Eurovision Song Contest Companion, by Paul Gambaccini, Tim Rice, Jonathan Rice and Tony Brown. [London: Pavilion Books, 1998].
Illustrations of Them Majesty's Palace at Brighton, formerly the Pavilion, executed by the command of King George the Fourth under superintendence of John Nash Esq Architect (London, 1838).
A free display “Waterloo: War and Diplomacy” runs until 6 September 2015 in the British Library's Treasures Gallery.
Frederica Wilson paid Imran Awan $138,235 since 2011
The IT guys in the House criminal probe could read these members' emails
The Awans and their associates collected more than $5 million in pay from congressional offices, (Including $138,235 from Frederica Wilson) often drawing chief-of-staff level pay though there is reason to believe many didn't even show up. They are suspected of cybersecurity violations.
The money is broken down by year, congressional office and family member paid:
Arrested Democratic congressional staffer Imran Awan or their relatives — all reportedly under federal criminal investigation — also worked for five other Democratic Florida members of Congress besides U.S. Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz, who is on the hot seat.
U.S. Reps. Stephanie Murphy of Winter Park, Darren Soto of Orlando, Frederica Wilson of Miami Gardens, and Lois Frankel of West Palm Beach, and former U.S. Rep. Gwen Graham of Tallahassee, now a gubernatorial candidate, also employed Awan or one of their family members, wife Hina Alvi, and brothers Jamal Awan and Abid Awan, as part-time, shared, information technology employees in their offices.
According to German paper HAZ, the reason for canceling Tuesday's international friendly between Germany and Netherlands was a possible coordinated terrorist attack involving five bombs.
The match in Hannover, Germany was canceled when authorities noticed a suspicious-looking piece of luggage inside the stadium. Fans at that point had begun to enter the stadium but were quickly evacuated.
HAZ (Hannoversche Allgemeine Zeitung) reports that ahead of the game there was a specific threat, discovered by French authorities, that a terrorist group had targeted the football match with a coordinated attack using five separate bombs.
Another German paper, Focus, describes the plot in more detail. According to the French secret service, a five-person group led by a German citizen planned to detonate three explosive devices inside the stadium itself which they were to sneak into the stadium, possibly through the means of an ambulance with clearance to enter the facility.
After those bombs went off, another was supposed to be planted at a nearby bus station, with the fifth bomb planned for the local train station.
Once German authorities received this intel, they proceeded to investigate the stadium and eventually decided to cancel the match as a precaution.
While they did find a suspicious item in the stadium, it is unclear whether any explosives were actually discovered, as there have been no official reports on the incident.
NEWS FLASH – 3rd DECEMBER 2018 – STS is dead – the PoCF quietly announced in their Port News
“SHIP TO SHIP UPDATE Due to higher priority projects the Port will not be pursuing the re-submission of our ship to ship at anchor application.”
Thanks to all who gave their support in a hard fought campaign. Not an admission of defeat by the Port but the nearest we will ever see in print and for whatever reason, its great for the communities and environment of the Inner Moray Firth that this project has finally been dropped and testament to the what people can do when we get together for a common cause. In the meantime, Cromarty Rising will remain vigilant to ensure this proposal is never resurrected.
Transfers of crude oil are proposed in the Inner Moray Firth – in exactly the place where the only resident pod of bottlenose dolphins in Scotland lives and breeds!
There is an existing jetty at Nigg where oil transfers have taken place for over 30 years – why not do it there rather than in the open sea on top of the dolphins?
This has been described by a leading academic as “The least appropriate location on the whole coast of Europe to undertake this activity.”
Nearly 2 million tonnes of dirty water (contaminated ships ballast water) will be discharged directly on top of the dolphins each year.
Fumes from the crude oil will be released which may make the dolphins really sick long-term .
Minor and major oil spills would severely damage our valuable marine ecosystem
In 2015 the International Tanker Owners Pollution Federation Ltd reported 8 oil spills from tankers totalling over 7000 tonnes of oil spilled into the sea around the world.
This web site has been established to provide information relating to the application by The Port of Cromarty Firth (formerly the Cromarty Firth Port Authority) for a ship to ship oil transfer license.
Unlike a planning application, the determination process undertaken by the Maritime and Coastguard Agency (MCA) is not undertaken in the public domain or in a transparent manner.
This website therefore aims at providing clear, easy to access information on the application, responses from statutory and non-statutory organisations as well as up to date news on the campaign by residents of Cromarty to stop this entirely inappropriate development. Click on the STS Representation tab on the left to read the significant objections to the application from various statutory organisations and NGOs (if we find a letter of support we will publish this too!)
As soon as this particular campaign has been won, the Cromarty Rising web site will move on to focus on more positive projects and initiatives which are more beneficial for the Town and its environs.
Summary of the Application and Key Issues.
The application is for up to 48 transfers of oil annually, with a maximum transfer of 180,000 tonnes per operation, with mooring points just to the east of the South and North Sutors.
The key issues with the application are;
the fundamental inadequacy of the assessment of impact on the SAC dolphin population and the bird SPA. the lack of evidence of a realistic spill volume as the basis for the assessment the inadequate assessment of the impact of Volatile Organic Compounds on widlife and humans the inadequate cumulative assessment, complete lack of assessment of alternative options and missing economic assessment the total lack of consultation by the Port Authority to statutory and non statutory consultees even though this application has been in development for a number of years There is an existing jetty at Nigg where oil transfers have taken place for over 30 years – why move this to sea where VOC's cannot be captured, ballast water will not be treated and wildlife will be impacted?
If you would like to make your voice heard and help to protect the ecosystem of the Cromarty and Moray Firths, download a pre-formatted letter to Nicola Sturgeon here. Thank you!
Jackie O's makes good on a promise to its namesake
By Kevin J. Gray
Photo: Owner Art Oestrike at Jackie O's newest production facility
Life often presents a strange, simultaneous mix of experiences. In December 2005, Art Oestrike had just purchased O'Hooley's, a brewpub in Athens, Ohio, now made famous as Jackie O's. A Cleveland native transplanted to Athens via Ohio University, Oestrike had fallen in love with the area. They and their business partners had purchased Bagel Street Deli two years prior and were expanding their business ventures. But just weeks after Oestrike bought the bar, their mother, Jackie Oestrike, who had never smoked a cigarette in their life, was diagnosed with stage IV lung cancer. They had about six months to live. Despite the positive developments with their new business, Oestrike was crushed.
Oestrike recalled many conversations with their mother during their last months, including the one in which they informed them they would be the namesake for their new business. At their bedside, Oestrike told their mom, “I think I'm going to name this place ‘Jackie O's.” Their mom was incredulous: “A bar?” Art promised their mother, “It's going to be a lot more than a bar, Mom.”
In the intervening years, Oestrike has delivered on that promise. Today, Jackie O's is a household name in Ohio craft beer. In 2008, the brewery expanded, purchasing the adjacent bar to create the Jackie O's Public House. A year ago, the brewery expanded yet again, buying up a production facility and canning and distributing several core labels: Mystic Mama IPA, Chomolungma Brown Ale, Firefly Amber Ale, Hop Ryot IPA, with Razz Wheat coming out this year.
The brewery is also widely known for its seasonal and experimental brews. Brewmaster Brad Clark estimated they have crafted more than 280 different recipes for Jackie O's since the operation opened, creating whales such as Oil of Aphrodite, Dark Apparition and Matriarch. A significant portion of the new production facility, as well as the basement of the brewpub, is devoted to the brewery's barrel-aging program, where Clark and crew produce wild sour ales and boozy concoctions aged in spent liquor barrels.
Despite the myriad brews, one beer stands out as special to Oestrike: Chomolungma Honey Nut Brown Ale. Why? Because Chomolungma connects Oestrike back to their mother and their family.
Oestrike related a scene from their mother's last days. Art, along with their younger siblings Brian and Katie, were visiting Jackie. Art and Katie were in the other room when Brian walked in and announced, “So, mom just totally gave me permission.” The two siblings responded in unison, “For what?” Brian's response stunned them: “I'm going to climb Mount Everest next year.”
After Jackie Oestrike's passing, however, Brian's quest united the family. “It was a life-changing moment, and we were so tight as a family,” Art said. Brian is an ultra-athlete who had spent some time in Nepal. They convinced Katie to serve as basecamp manager and Art to run the operations stateside. The siblings used Brian's quest as a way to honor their mother and to help others with similar diagnoses. The Oestrike trio connected with LUNGevity, a lung cancer non-profit from Chicago.
To raise funds for the climb, Oestrike and Clark created Chomolungma. Why a brown ale? “Mom grew up in England,” Oestrike explained. “Newcastle Brown Ale was always in the fridge. When I was going out at 16, that was the one bottle that went out with me to start my evenings. I still don't understand why they kept buying them: they aren't drinking them and dad wasn't drinking them, but somebody was. So, it made sense to make a honey nut brown, which was their flavor.”
The name also made sense. Oestrike noted the connection between Everest and lung cancer advocacy: “We called it Chomolungma because ‘chomolungma' means ‘Mount Everest' if you are speaking Tibetan. The first batches were all organic and a dollar of every pint from the brewpub went to Brian's climb, as well as to LUNGevity.”
Brian Oestrike, with climbing partner Justin Hewitt, summited Mt. Everest on May 23, 2007, doing so in an environmentally- and socially-sound way that defines all endeavors undertaken by the Oestrike siblings – no use of high-altitude Sherpa support, no fixed lines and using supplemental oxygen only after it became medically necessary. (See the details about Brian Oestrike's climb at climbforcancer.blogspot.com.)
This year, with Chomolungma in full distribution throughout Ohio, thanks to a partnership with Cavalier Distributors, Jackie O's will be celebrating ChomoLUNGma Day on Friday, May 23, the anniversary of Brian's summit. Look for Chomolungma on tap throughout the state, served in commemorative glassware. A portion of the proceeds go to LUNGevity, the charity associated with Brian's climb. The full list of participating breweries is still being finalized, but expect to find it in most craft beer bars and check the Jackie O's and the Cavalier Distributing websites (jackieos.com and cavbeer.com, respectively) for more details. On May 23, raise a pint to the Oestrike family, to lung cancer research and to a brewery that has indeed become “a lot more than a bar.”
Jackie O's is located at 24 W Union St. in Athens, Ohio. For more information, please visit jackieos.com.
Kevin J. Gray is Dayton City Paper's Resident Beer Geek. A firm believer in all things balance, when Kevin isn't drinking craft beer, he's hiking or biking to keep their beer belly in optimal shape. Reach Kevin J. Gray at
KevinGray@DaytonCityPaper.com.
On the eve of the official renaming of the Kenny Dalglish Stand, a host of Liverpool legends have explained just why the honour is nothing less than the incomparable Scot deserves.
A special ceremony will be staged at Anfield on Friday afternoon, in the presence of the man himself, to mark an historic occasion as the Centenary Stand begins a new era bearing theirs name.
To kick off our extensive coverage of the renaming and unveiling of the Kenny Dalglish Stand, Liverpoolfc.com spoke to a group of Reds greats who understand exactly what the former player and manager has contributed to the club during the past four decades...
Steven Gerrard: "Kenny Dalglish is a hero to me and my family, a role model who I have always looked up to and tried to follow. A man who deserves the title 'King Kenny'."
Phil Thompson: "It is so fitting that Kenny Dalglish is having a stand named after him, and it is not before time as far as I'm concerned. I think we as a football club have lagged behind in honouring our greats, the real greats. The likes of Bill Shankly and Bob Paisley, we waited until they were no longer with us to honour them in some capacity. I think it's great, right and honourable for our owners to name a stand in honour of a man who I believe is probably our greatest ever player."
Alan Kennedy: "It's very fitting that Kenny Dalglish is having a stand named after them and it is richly deserved. It has been a long time coming but Kenny is worth every penny of having a stand named after him. They were a great, great player and ended up being the manager, which is sometimes a difficult transition to make, but they adapted to it superbly, winning the double in their first season. Kenny has always had their heart with Liverpool Football Club and has always, for me, put the club first."
Ronnie Whelan: "This is only what Kenny deserves for what they have done for this football club. They achieved unbelievable success as a player and manager. Kenny Dalglish is one of the best players ever and also one of the best managers ever, in my opinion. When I first joined Liverpool, people like Kenny were the ones I always looked up to, because of their will to win and the way they would always prepare properly for matches. I learned so much off Kenny."
Gary Gillespie: "It's a fantastic honour for Kenny and very much deserved. When you look at the other big clubs, the likes of Manchester United, it's always something they seem to do by naming a stand after one of their heroes. It's been a long time coming really when you consider not just what they achieved on the field and as a manager, but the way they and their family have handled themselves around Liverpool. That's what makes Kenny that little bit more special than the other players, Steven Gerrard would come into that category as well. I think this is well overdue and I wish them all the best on the day."
Gary McAllister: "First and foremost, this is thoroughly deserved. From a personal point of view, being a Scotsman in my era I grew up when Kenny Dalglish was the top man at Liverpool, the top man for Scotland and a great player for Celtic before they came to Merseyside. Kenny was my hero and they were somebody I looked up to. Kenny has been at Liverpool through the good and the bad times. Kenny and their wife Marina were incredible during those tough times, namely Hillsborough."
Roy Evans: "It will be a special day for Kenny. They have been a great servant to this football club for many years, both as a player and a manager.  They are also one of the fans' all-time favourite players so I think it's great this stand is being named after Kenny. I'll be there at Anfield with a lot of other people and I just hope it is going to be a nice day for Kenny."
Terry McDermott: "No-one deserves this more than Kenny Dalglish. They have done everything for Liverpool Football Club over the last 40-odd years, not just as a player but as a manager. If you look at the way they conducted themselves after Hillsborough and their family as well, it takes some doing that. Kenny can be an awkward little sod but also they have a heart of gold. They thoroughly deserve to have a stand named after them and maybe in a few more years they might name the stadium after him."
Jan Molby: "It's absolutely wonderful news. Kenny has done it all at Liverpool Football Club.  They are one of the best players the club has ever had and a mighty fine manager as well with a lot of success. Congratulations Kenny."
Ronan, beautifully photographed by Norm Yip, 2011. (S) Shirtless, Ronan looks to the left.  They are thinking about something. The light illuminates their face at just the angle to bring out their calm yet strong features. Beneath, their toned body completes the image of youth and wonder. This is one photo of many I admire. It was photographed and processed by Norm Yip, a photographer based in Hong Kong. They do the photography that most photographers do: weddings, models and fine art—but they also regularly updates a series called: “
Shirtless, Ronan looks to the left.  They are thinking about something. The light illuminates their face at just the angle to bring out their calm yet strong features. Beneath, their toned body completes the image of youth and wonder. This is one photo of many I admire. It was photographed and processed by Norm Yip, a photographer based in Hong Kong. They do the photography that most photographers do: weddings, models and fine art—but they also regularly updates a series called: “ The Asian Male. ” Some see their work as slightly pornographic and shallow, but I disagree. One could easily be distracted by the hot guys, but if one really looks at the skill of their art and the purpose behind their art, one sees more than hot guys.
Objectively, the photos are good. They make good use of lighting and color, flow, suggestion and focus. Secondly, they aren't just photographing hot guys, but hot asian guys. This is a bold statement in a culture in which asian males are generally asexualized and feminized. There's nothing wrong with asexuality and femininity, but when these characteristics are assumed about an entire group of people because of limited depictions in media, we have a problem. I face this problem in the gay dating scene when guys dismiss me because they assume I'm an awkward nerd kid. Also bad is when guys are attracted to my asian features, expecting a "bottom boy," aka. a guy they can exert their masculinity over. Some guys are into that, but I'm not, and it frustrates me when guys expect that.
Evan Low (S)
I thank Mr. Yip for crafting this vision of asian male beauty that ranges from the lithe and elegant to the bold and masculine. There is diversity in our population, and they present it well. I am an engineering student, and I already fit into a lot of asian stereotypes. However, what Mr. Yip's art affirms for people like me is that I do not need to fall into any roles because of my race. The stereotypes I do fit into, I fit into by choice. Ideally, no one needs a stranger to tell them that they don't need to fit into stereotypes, but in case you feel trapped by mainstream culture and need proof, The Asian Males are just a click away. I thank Mr. Yip for crafting this vision of asian male beauty that ranges from the lithe and elegant to the bold and masculine. There is diversity in our population, and they present it well. I am an engineering student, and I already fit into a lot of asian stereotypes. However, what Mr. Yip's art affirms for people like me is that I do not need to fall into any roles because of my race. The stereotypes I do fit into, I fit into by choice. Ideally, no one needs a stranger to tell them that they don't need to fit into stereotypes, but in case you feel trapped by mainstream culture and need proof, The Asian Males are just a click away.
Another person who makes me proud to be asian and gay is Evan Low. In America, political representation is associated with integration. When we elected Mr. Obama, people spoke of the possibility of a post-racial America, one in which the barriers of color have been broken down. I do not think we have reached that state, but what I do agree on is that we are moving towards a more equal America, especially in Campbell, California. In December 2009, gay-identified Evan Low was appointed mayor of Campbell, becoming the first gay, asian mayor and the youngest mayor in the country. Go Evan! They also have academic credentials, having graduated from the Senior Executives in State and Local Government Program at the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University .
Tell all the asian parents it's okay to be gay, because you can be like Evan Low!
After Harvard, Evan Low was elected to the City council in 2006. During their time as a city council member and mayor, Evan Low and their fellow council members have delivered a balanced city budget every year without compromising on public safety. They have worked for more transparency in government by making all city council meetings available online and making themselves available through “mobile office hours.” They have supported the economic growth of small businesses by streamlining the process for becoming registered. They also support sustainability, working on policy that promotes energy conservation.
Evan Low is an attractive guy, and they are doing well as a politician, so why isn't they in San Francisco, San Jose or LA? Those places seem like good fits. To this question, Mr. Low answers: "To me, it's about making a difference in the community I live in... Campbell is my home." I really respect them for this. It would be so much easier to be with all the other gay people in San Francisco, but Mr. Low cares about their community. Even though they may receive hate mail and threats of a recall for their opposition to Prop 8, they stay. When we stay in our communities and stay true to ourselves, we expand the image queer people in those communities. Go Evan! Evan Low is sure to continue their successful political career, and I look forward to seeing what they do.
In this first blog post, I have only written about two gay Asians that I appreciate for their work, but there are many other gays, Asians, friends and family members that have helped me in the development of my gaysian identity.
I really want to improve my blog posting, so please share your thoughts with me! Do you have a favorite gaysian? Do you have any questions about the gaysian experience? Did I get anything factually wrong? Next week, I will take a break from the gaysian thread of thought, and write about Alan Turing, the father of the computer.
An internationally agreed ceasefire due to start Saturday tonight in eastern Ukraine is under threat from intense fighting and disputes between Kiev and Russian-backed separatists over the terms of the deal.
The militants are attempting to surround thousands of Ukrainian troops at Debaltseve, a key railway junction – pounding the with artillery and tank attacks that Kiev and the United States claim involve units of the Russian military.
“All parties must show complete restraint in the run-up to the Sunday ceasefire, including an immediate halt to the Russian and separatist assault on Debaltseve and other Ukrainian towns,” said US state department spokesperson Jen Psaki.
Rocket fire killed several soldiers and civilians, a day after Ukrainian, Russian, German and French leaders agreed terms for a ceasefire to start at midnight (Saturday night/Sunday morning).
The deal aims to create a 50km buffer zone between government and separatist forces, monitored by international observers, and to resolve the conflict through constitutional reform that would give Ukraine's regions broad autonomy.
The pact – agreed in the Belarusian capital, Minsk – has come under strong criticism in Ukraine, however, with many accusing president Petro Poroshenko of capitulating to the rebels and Russia.
They say the deal is doomed because it foresees Russia allowing Ukraine to retake control of its eastern border only once the insurgents declare themselves satisfied with the constitutional changes and local elections – allowing them to keep the frontier open and receive Russian military help for as long as they like.
“I don't want anyone to have any illusions and so I am not seen as a naive person – we are still a very long way from peace,” Mr Poroshenko said. “Nobody has a strong belief that the peace conditions which were signed in Minsk will be implemented strictly.”
Intense fighting is likely to continue around Debaltseve, with the insurgents demanding that government forces in the area surrender and Kiev insisting its units are not surrounded and will not give up.
“The risk is really very high,” said Gernot Erler, an adviser on Russia to German chancellor Angela Merkel.
“In the final hours before the ceasefire there is a danger that both sides will try to increase each other's losses.”
There is also discontent in the ranks of Ukraine's large volunteer battalions at the prospect of ceasing fire and retreating to create the buffer zone – a move they believe will invite the separatists to seize more territory.
“With the Russian Federation and (president Vladimir) Putin no deal is possible, because they will never stick to it,” said Dmytro Yarosh, leader of prominent nationalist political party and battalion Right Sector.
“Right Sector considers any deal with pro-Russian terrorists to have no legal power . . . So if the Ukrainian armed forces receive an order to withdraw heavy equipment and artillery and cease fire, Right Sector reserves the right to continue military actions . . . until Ukrainian lands are fully liberated from Russian occupation.”
The Minsk deal is also wobbling due to disagreement over its terms, such as the scope of an amnesty for those accused of crimes in the conflict zone.
Mr Poroshenko claimed agreement had been reached in Minsk for Moscow to free Nadiya Savchenko, a Ukrainian pilot captured by the militants but now held in Russia on suspicion of involvement in the death of two journalists; Russian officials insist that they will not be freed immediately and that a court must decide them fate.
Media in Canada reported that the country would share satellite data with Ukraine to help it monitor its border and observe the planned ceasefire.
A day after Arunabh Kumar was booked under the sexual harassment charges, they have become untraceable. As per the recent report in Hindustan Times, a team of Mumbai Police set out on Thursday morning to search for Arunabh.
It was being said that Police will close the case soon because no victim actually came forward to file the complaint. But a noted criminal lawyer Rizwan Siddiquee later filed the case against Arunabh and encouraged victims to come forward. Post that an FIR was registered under section 354 (sexual harassment) and 509 (word, gesture or act intended to insult the modesty of a woman) against Arunabh.
The police said that they had not yet received any information on Arunabh applying for anticipatory bail but a senior police official said, “It is a non-bailable offence and we will definitely be opposing their bail plea. We want to arrest him.”
Reports also suggest that the team went from MIDC police station to the TVF office, which is within their jurisdiction, but Arunabh was not there. “We are searching for them but are unable to find him,” said a police official.
The MIDC police has urged other victims to come forward and promised a fair investigation, saying their identity will be kept a secret.
Major League Soccer is growing in popularity and Abu Dhabi's flag carrier is well positioned to reap the rewards. Its backing of the beautiful game in America looks to be a very smart move.
The United States' two most popular sports by far are also the country's most idiosyncratic – one features a “football” game where players throw and catch an oval ball and the second has a World Series in which no overseas teams take part.
So why would a premier Arabian Gulf airline choose to sponsor a sport that is not in the least bit quirky there, although in the States it does go under a name its British fans deride, and which ranks about fifth most popular?
The reason Etihad Airways chose to become the financial muscle behind Major League Soccer (MLS) – America's equivalent of the English Premier League (EPL) – is simple: exposure.
Football is one of the fastest-growing sports in the US. For example, approximately 29.2 million viewers watched the Fifa World Cup, which took place in Brazil last year, a 20 per cent increase on the 24.3 million who tuned in for the 2010 edition and a 50 per cent increase on the 17 million viewers who watched in 2006, according to data from Nielsen, global information and TV audience measurement company.
Additionally, within MLS, approximately 827,000 viewers per game on average have been recorded to May, across ESPN, UniMás (Spanish Language) and Fox Sports, since the league kicked off its 20th edition this season – a 37 per cent increase on the 605,000 average last year, according to Nielsen. The finale, the MLS Cup, was watched by an audience of 505,000 viewers in December.
Etihad's potential exposure to this significant and fast-growing audience is an obvious draw. The appeal has been buoyed by the fact that ESPN and Fox Sports paid a combined US$75 million per season and Univision paid $15m per season, signing eight-year broadcasting deals with MLS in May 2014.
That came a month after Etihad underscored its support by entering multi-year partnership with MLS as the official airline partner of the league. Deal values have not been made public but in the United Kingdom, Barclays secured a three-year deal in 2012 to sponsor the EPL for atotal of £120m (Dh691.3m).
“Etihad Airways has a growing portfolio of sports properties that cover the globe and we're delighted to now add Major League Soccer, a leading international sports brand, to this group,” James Hogan, the president and chief executive of Etihad, said at the time.
Similar sentiment was conveyed by Don Garber, the MLS commissioner. “We are excited to welcome Etihad Airways as the official airline partner of Major League Soccer in the United States and are proud to be the first major sports association in the US for such a prestigious global company,” they said.
“On behalf of our clubs, our players and our millions of fans, we welcome Etihad Airways to the MLS family and look forward to working with them to help grow their business in this region.”
Today, much like at the Etihad sponsored and Abu Dhabi-owned Manchester City's home ground in the EPL, the airline's logo and its messages are displayed across pitch-side LED hoardings during nationally televised MLS matches, as well as across nationwide broadcast partners' platforms and MLS Digital Properties – which covers the US and Canada and describes itself as “the number one soccer network in North America”.
“MLS Digital Properties offers the only 24/7/365 online advertising solution for brands looking to reach a coveted audience of diehard, unduplicated sports fans, through unique turnkey programmes that drive campaign objectives by utilising content, video, mobile, and social media,” it says on its website.
So far, Etihad's decision to place its name prominently within a burgeoing US sport appears to be a wise one.
According to the most recent quarterly report from the US department of transportation, the Middle East saw available seats to and from the United States rising 15.3 per cent to 8.8 million in July last year from the same quarter a year earlier.
The UAE was ranked 13th in the department's grading of top foreign country gateways, with a year-on-year increase of 25 per cent in passenger traffic from June 2013 to last year.
In addition, the presence of the Etihad message on US TV sports channels has the perhaps unforseen advantage of allying the airline with a population fiercely proud of its domestic carriers.
The relationship between US and Middle East, in regards to global aviation, has made the headlines in recent months, after allegations from US carriers that Middle East airlines received unfair subsidies of $40 billion in the past decade, something the Gulf carriers strongly refute.
Gulf airlines, notceably Emirates and Etihad, are well aware of the opportunity sports sponsorship offers to appease potential domestic disquiet over their push to challenge US airlines.
Away from MLS, as The National reported this month, Etihad will become the exclusive airline partner of the Washington Capitals ice hockey team, the Washington Wizards basketball team and the Washington Mystics women's basketball team.
The deal with Monumental Sports & Entertainment (MSE) also covers the city's Verizon Center venue, which hosts more than 200 sporting events and concerts each year. The agreement also reflects a major lobbying offensive by the Gulf carriers after they came under fire from Delta, United and American Airlines.
“This is all about raising awareness and it is becoming part of the battle to win hearts and minds,” says John Strickland, the director of the UK-based JLS Consulting.
Etihad is also set to capitalise on a growing number of eyeballs within MLS stadiums as the league continues to grow its annual total attendance – from a mere 2.8 million in 1996 to a little over 6 million last season. The average attendance at games as of this month has reached 20,425 – a 6.7 per cent increase on the 19,148 recorded for the 2014 season, according to mlsattendance.com. Also, 91.5 per cent of the seats available across the 21 MLS club franchises were reported as occupied.
To further widen its presence within MLS, Etihad has also signed up with the Abu Dhabi-based Abu Dhabi United Group's North American venture New York City Football Club. The five-year deal, announced late last year, sees the group act as a founding partner and Etihad the shirt sponsor. The partnership tied in perfectly for the newly formed franchise, ultimately reflecting MLS' continued growth and the immense interest in the game from fans within New York City.
In fact, in the memorable opening home game on March 15, New York City FC had to make the upper tier sections of the Yankee Stadium available to accommodate demand as 43,507 fans came through the turnstiles to watch New York City beat New England Revolution. Moreover, by the time the final whistle was blown, every single one of the 4,000 scarves stocked in the stadium had been sold.
“The demand for New York City FC merchandise at the game, shows the appetite for the Club and how eager our fans are to get behind their team,” says Tom Glick, the president of New York City FC.
“They weren't just there to witness an extraordinary spectacle in the history of New York sports; they were buying into their team and showing their support.”
Etihad currently flies to Chicago, Dallas, Los Angeles, New York City, San Francisco and Washington DC – all of which, except San Fransico, have a very strong football base.
All this points to further opportunities. As Mr Hogan points out, Etihad through MLS aims to “continue to build its brand in the United States, a key market for us, while offering an ideal platform to interact with the millions of sports fans and communities across the country and showcase the airline and services”.
As they say in Britain: “Back of the net.”
Shuaib Ahmed is a freelance journalist who regularly writes about football for the footynions.com website
Emerging markets investment trend is set to continue
Investment from the Middle East and Asia into sport in Europe and the United States continues to grow significantly.
It is a trend mirrored by the two regions' international investments. Since 2007, the Qatar Investment Authority has injected over US$65bn into Europe while in 2013, Chinese funding of US businesses amounted to $12.2bn, a 51.7 per cent increase on the previous year. The surge of investment has occurred in spite of the worst global economic downturn since the Great Depression. This is helping to fuel the overall increase in the value of major American and European sports as well as driving increased global reach for these sports.
The investment from the emerging markets has, to some extent, come about because the economic downturn in the West has made local investment harder to find. In particular, unsustainable financial practices in European football have also encouraged clubs to look for more stable ownership.
As a result, the reach and growth of fan bases of the key European and American sports, leagues and teams has expanded and the value of their direct commercial assets have increased significantly. For brands, the larger global footprint of key sports, leagues and teams has increased the power and value of sponsorships and investments in these properties as they now reach into the key markets of Asia and the Middle East.
In addition, the emergence of media rights and sponsoring brands from both regions is making the global sports marketplace more competitive. The influx of these investors has resulted in an escalation in the price of sponsorship opportunities and increased the barriers of entry for local investment. So will this trend continue? Yes. The relevant economies in the Middle East and Asia remain strong and they have large reserves of wealth. Governments in the Middle East and Asia are becoming more sports-minded and are attracting more major events and competitions, resulting in significant planned investment in facilities and sports-related infrastructure over the next 10 years.
One area of potential risk is increased regulation in Europe and the United States to negate the perception of “being taken over” by these regions. While this is a legitimate risk, Repucom believes the commercial benefits will carry the day and the globalisation of sport will not slow down any time soon.
* Source: Repucom 2015
business@thenational.ae
Forget the latest proposal by Caroline Spelman, our Environment Secretary, that all hospitals should in future be built on hills, to stop them being submerged beneath the rising seas brought by global warming (even that serial panic-monger Al Gore predicts that sea levels will rise by only 20 feet). A more serious problem is the chaos inflicted on our energy policy by our willing compliance with an EU obligation to cut greenhouse gas emissions by 34 per cent within 10 years.
Behind the fog of official spin, it becomes ever more obvious that the schemes devised to meet the EU target of generating nearly a third of our energy from renewable sources by 2020 – six times more than at present – are a massive self-delusion. Even though they will cost us hundreds of billions of pounds, paid largely through soaring electricity bills, the energy they produce will be derisory – certainly nowhere near enough to plug the looming 40 per cent shortfall in our supplies, as many of our older power stations are forced to close.
Take the Government's proposed Renewable Heat Incentive, the costs of which could, by 2030, outweigh its benefits by as much as £13 billion. The hope is that by 2020, Britain will have installed two million “heat pumps” to extract warmth from the air and soil. But a taxpayer-funded study by the Energy Saving Trust found that, of 83 air-sourced systems already installed at up to £20,000 each, only one was efficient enough to qualify as “renewable energy”. This was so embarrassing that many of the higher figures have been given as estimates to provide a more reassuring picture.
Equally questionable is our enthusiasm for solar panels. Ignoring the costly disaster of similar schemes in Spain and Germany, we have now copied them by offering absurdly inflated subsidies (“feed-in tariffs”) that force us all to pay their owners between three and eight times the going rate for the tiny amount of power they produce. Last year, solar's contribution to the grid averaged 2.3 megawatts – so minuscule that it was barely a 1,000th of the output of one large coal-fired power station.
Then there is the generation of power and heat from burning biomass, such as wood and straw. Drax, the giant 3.9-gigawatt coal-fired power station in Yorkshire, has the largest facility in the world for co-firing one of its six boilers with biomass. But so rigged against biomass is the subsidy structure that Drax cannot afford to use much of it, because its cost is a third higher than that of coal, under a system not due to be reviewed until 2013. Drax's plan to spend £2 billion on three dedicated biomass plants, generating more than 800 megawatts, has now been stalled for the same reason.
Next, there is the farce of those electric cars, which make no economic or environmental sense. Only a few thousand have been sold and, even with a £5,000 public subsidy, the forthcoming Nissan Leaf will cost £23,000 and be able to travel only 100 miles before its battery needs an eight-hour recharge, with electricity derived from fossil fuels, reducing any supposed saving on CO2.
At least the Government has dropped the idea of spending £30 billion on the Severn tidal barrage, which would produce little more electricity than a CO2-free nuclear power station, at 10 times the cost. But it has ruled that permission will be given to build four of the new coal-fired power stations we desperately need only if we pay £14 billion to fit them with “carbon capture and storage”, piping off their CO2 to bury it in holes under the North Sea. This would double the cost of their electricity – and recent studies show it to be no more than a fantasy anyway, because the required injection rates would soon shatter the rock structure.
The Government's flagship “renewables” policy is to spend £100 billion on 10,000 onshore and offshore wind turbines, adding to the 3,000 we already have (which are so inefficient that their combined output last year was equivalent to one modest coal-fired plant). Apart from the colossal cost (suppliers must buy electricity from wind at double or treble the price of conventional power, passed on through our energy bills), there is no way that more than a fraction of the 6,000 offshore turbines the Government dreams of could be built by 2020, since this would require erecting two such huge structures every day for 10 years, when installing just one can take weeks. Even so, the more turbines we have, the more we will need new gas-fired power plants to provide back-up for when the wind drops – emitting as much CO2 as the turbines nominally save.
If all this sounds like pure lunacy, we must recall that two years ago, our MPs voted all but unanimously for the Climate Change Act. This commits Britain, uniquely in the world, to cutting its CO2 emissions by 80 per cent by 2050, at a cost of up to £18 billion a year, or £734 billion in total. This is what our politicians have made the law of the land, although in practice it could only be achieved by closing down virtually all our economy.
Now, no doubt, we have to add in the cost of building all our hospitals on hilltops, to prevent them vanishing under those Noah-like inundations that our Environment Secretary is fixated on. But, of course, none of this will have any impact on reducing overall CO2 emissions. We contribute less than 2 per cent to the global total, while China's emissions alone increase by more than that every year.
A couple of years ago if you had asked me what I would do if an emergency presented itself and I needed some money quickly, I would probably have told you, “That's what credit cards are for!”. Just put it on the card and pay it off when you can! Emergencies aren't really something you can plan for, so why try to plan for them, right?
Emergencies do have a way of coming up at the most inopportune times, but the fact is that you CAN plan for emergencies. You may not know when they'll hit, or how hard they'll hit. But you do know that they will happen. So it's best to plan for them while you can.
Since we started our financial plan a year or two ago and saved up an emergency fund we have seen many family emergencies pop up. We have gone through an emergency hospitalization where my wife was in the hospital for a month with a blood clot. We had a car accident. We had a car broken into and had a lot of stuff stolen from us. And now we're preparing for another medical emergency where my wife will be having another unplanned surgery next week.
If this doesn't prove it to you, nothing will. You WILL have emergencies pop up in your life, so get ready!
Reasons To Set Up Your Emergency Fund
Emergencies Happen : The more time goes on, the more you realize that things do come up that you hadn't planned for, and you're going to have to pay for them. You'll be on vacation and get a bad case of the flu. Traveling to grandma's house when the tire blows out. Things happen, and they won't happen at a convenient time.
: The more time goes on, the more you realize that things do come up that you hadn't planned for, and you're going to have to pay for them. You'll be on vacation and get a bad case of the flu. Traveling to grandma's house when the tire blows out. Things happen, and they won't happen at a convenient time. It Relieves Stress : When you have an emergency fund saved, it has an added built-in bonus. Peace of mind! You'll feel the weight lifted off your shoulders because you no longer have to worry about most small emergencies. Once you get your larger emergency fund saved, you won't have to worry about paying for most large ones either.
: When you have an emergency fund saved, it has an You'll feel the weight lifted off your shoulders because you no longer have to worry about most small emergencies. Once you get your larger emergency fund saved, you won't have to worry about paying for most large ones either. It Reduces Risk: When you have an emergency fund (along with other things like health insurance, disability insurance and life insurance), you have a lot less risk of bad things happening. You're much less likely to go into bankruptcy, foreclosure or to start accumulating large amounts of debt. In other words you're making sound decisions to plan for problems, before they happen.
Where Should I Save My Emergency Fund?
One question that always comes up every time you talk about emergency funds is, “where you should I put this money?”. Put it in CDs? Bonds? Money market account? High-yield online savings?
MY LATEST VIDEOS MY LATEST VIDEOS
Personally, I think it's first and foremost important that you keep your money as liquid as possible. You want to be able to access it when an emergency comes up! You don't want to be scrambling trying to convert your bonds back to cash, or waiting 3 months for your CDs to mature. Put it in a good high yield (not as high these days) savings account where you can get at it ASAP! Some good account options that I would suggest:
There are other good options out there of places to keep your savings, but just make sure that the account is readily accessible, and your money liquid.
How Much Money Should I Be Saving In My Emergency Fund?
When we started saving our emergency fund we followed Dave Ramsey's 7 Baby Steps plan found in their “Financial Peace University” class. I think it's a good plan to follow so I'll outline the steps a bit here.
The first step in their plan is to save $1000 for a baby emergency fund. The idea is to have a small buffer for most emergencies that come up, so you don't have to go further into debt (if you have debt). Most small emergencies like flat tires, needing a new alternator or a doctor's office visit will be covered by this small emergency fund.
The second step in the Dave Ramsey's plan is to get out of debt using the debt snowball. Getting rid of your debt is integral to improving your situation, and in this step you get intense about finding extra work, doing a budget and living on less than you make so that you can cut into your debt.
The third step is to build up your emergency fund from your starting position of $1000, all the way up to 3-6 months of expenses. To figure out how much that is you'll need to do a family budget, figure out how much money NEEDS to be spent every month, and use number to figure out how much 3-6 months of savings will be. For some people 6 months of expenses will be $18,000. For others it might be closer to $30,000. It all depends on your personal situation.
So how much money should I save, and when?
Start a $1000 baby emergency fund. Pay off all debts. Save 3-6 months of expenses. ($15,000-$30,000 in most cases?)
In our current economic climate some people are even suggesting that you save 8-12 months of expenses. This would be especially pertinent if your job situation is a bit unstable, and you're expecting a layoff soon. I would certainly have no problem with that, and would even encourage it if you really do feel like you're in imminent danger of losing a job.
When Should We Spend Our Emergency Savings?
Another question that often comes up is, “What constitutes an emergency, and when should we spend our money in our emergency fund?”.
This is a question that you'll need to answer for your own family at your family budget meeting. Generally, however, an emergency fund should be used for large unplanned expenses that you would otherwise have to go into debt for. Things like replacing blown tires on your car, or fixing your furnace in the dead of winter or paying for an emergency room visit.
Things you shouldn't use your emergency fund for include things like a vacation to Hawaii, that diamond ring you've been coveting, and that awesome new game system that all your friends have. Things that you don't really need should not be paid for by emergency funds.
The Emergency Fund Is Only The Beginning
Remember, an emergency fund is only the start of a sound financial plan. Don't forget to also start doing a budget, planning for insurance needs (to remove further risk),investing for your future, and giving to others in need!
Do you have an emergency fund? If so, what sorts of things have you used your emergency fund to pay for? What amount do you think should be saved in an emergency fund? Let us know in the comments!
PoliZette Radical Leftist Group Could Be Declared Terrorist Organization Petition pushing harsh designation for Antifa clears hurdle for mandatory White House response
A whitehouse.gov petition requesting that the federal government formerly recognize Antifa as a terrorist organization has reached the number of signatures necessary to require a response.
The petition, which passed the 100,000-signature mark on Sunday evening at about 8 p.m., was launched on Thursday, August 17, and had a month to reach the necessary threshold for a White House response. It did so in less than four days and now has over 150,000 signatures.
Advertisement
“Terrorism is defined as ‘the use of violence and intimidation in pursuit of political aims,'” the petition begins. “This definition is the same definition used to declare ISIS and other groups, as terrorist organizations. AntiFa has earned this title due to its violent actions in multiple cities and their influence in the killings of multiple police officers throughout the United States.”
[lz_ndn video=32857935]
“It is time for the pentagon [sic] to be consistent in its actions — and just as they rightfully declared ISIS a terror group, they must declare AntiFa a terror group — on the grounds of principle, integrity, morality, and safety,” it said. The petition's central assertion that Antifa fits the terror group definition of engaging in “the use of violence and intimidation in pursuit of political aims” is demonstrably true.
On at least three separate occasions so far this year, Antifa militants instigated violent confrontations on the campus of the University of California, Berkeley. The first episode occurred on February 1, when Antifa thugs rioted in response to a scheduled talk by conservative provocateur Milo Yiannopoulos. Rallies at Berkeley organized by supporters of President Donald Trump held on March 4 and April 15 were met with similar scenes of violence. Footage from the April incident shows Antifa militants throwing bricks and attacking people with metal poles and chains.
Self-identified Antifa militants also engaged in violence at the white nationalist “Unite the Right” rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, on Saturday, August 12. Reports indicate that Antifa “protesters” threw bags or bottles of urine, feces, and unknown chemical agents at rally attendees. One attendee, a controversial Alt-Right figure known by the online pseudonym “Baked Alaska,” was nearly blinded by a chemical agent. Videos and photographs from that day also show Antifa thugs carrying a variety of blunt instruments and homemade weapons, including at least one flamethrower jury-rigged from an aerosol can.
Some Antifa activists have declared that violence is not a byproduct of the organization's mission — it is its very purpose.
Advertisement
“During the '80s, neo-Nazis would roam the streets terrorizing the population. The anti-racist group Dumb Skater Boys (DSB) would fight them in the streets,” reads a post on the Antifa Dallas blog. “Their direct-action confrontational style is embodied in the current anti-racist struggles in Dallas.”
Torch Antifa, a U.S.-wide network of Antifa groups, makes no efforts to mask its violent intentions.
“The Torch Network is a network of Militant antifascists across (but not limited to) the united states [sic],” the group declares in the “About us” section of its website.
“We are dedicated to confronting fascism and other element of oppression. We believe in direct action,” it says.
Scenes of mayhem in cities across America make it clear just what Antifa means by direct action.
Last Wednesday, a Colorado man named Joshua Witt was stabbed repeatedly by a seemingly Antifa-inspired assailant because of their haircut — the undercut style popular with some on the far right.
Advertisement
[lz_related_box id=”833329″]
Witt had just pulled into the parking lot of the Steak ‘n Shake restaurant in Sheridan, Colorado, and was confronted upon opening their car door.
“All I hear is, ‘Are you one of them neo-Nazis?' as this dude is swinging a knife up over my car door at me,” they told the New York Post. “I threw my hands up and once the knife kind of hit, I dived back into my car and shut the door and watched them run off,” said Witt. “The dude was actually aiming for my head,” they continued. “I was more in shock because I was just getting a milkshake.”
Witt is not a white nationalist, but reports indicate they are serving in the U.S. Navy.
The administration would have some precedent for designating Antifa a terrorist organization. Antifa is already listed as an anarchist extremist group and tagged under “counterterrorism,” by the New Jersey Office of Homeland Security and Preparedness.
Advertisement
(photo credit, homepage and article images: Ben Schumin)
Multiple sources have confirmed to DSC that IMSA and WC Vision (organising body for the Pirelli World Challenge) are engaged in dual lawsuits over recent senior staff hirings.
DSC understands that IMSA, or representatives thereof, have issued legal filings pertaining to the appointment of ex IMSA employee Julie Bentley as WC Vision's new Director of Partnership Relations in November 2014.
More recently a similar level of legal correspondence has been instigated by World Vision pertaining to ex World Challenge Competition and Race Director Geoff Carter, directed towards IMSA after their hiring last month of Carter as the new Series Manager of the Tudor United Sportscar Championship.
When approached this morning by DSC, WC Vision Vice President General Manager Greg Gill offered no comment.
“Anything to do with internal business operations we don't discuss so I cannot comment to either confirm or deny that.
IMSA too were unwilling to confirm, deny or comment on either issue “We never comment on matters such as this,” was the understandable response from David Higdon, Vice President of Integrated Marketing Communications at IMSA.
In the perhaps predictable void of public comment from either party it's left for us to note, with some regret, that whilst the Cold War between the ALMS and Grand-Am is now sportscar history, the sportscar racing community in North America still sports some open wounds.
Melania Trump continues fashion tour de force at Eiffel Tower dinner
After earning praise for their elegance and knowledge of French style, Melania Trump continued their fashion tour de force in a custom Hervé Pierre dress for dinner at the Eiffel Tower.
The first lady and President Trump ate dinner with the French President and their wife at Le Jules Verne Restaurant on the Eiffel Tower in Paris, on July 13, 2017, part of a two-day visit. (Photo11: YVES HERMAN, AFP/Getty Images)
The first lady joined their French counterpart, Brigitte Macron, President Trump and French President Emmanuel Macron for a cozy meal at the Jules Verne Restaurant in the Parisian landmark Thursday, showing their earlier outfit was not a one-off.
The slim-fit, knee-length dress tastefully highlighted the national colors for the two countries -- a fitting salute to France on the eve of Bastille Day, a national holiday akin to the 4th of July. And its made it all the more diplomatic when taking into account Pierre's French heritage and recently-earned American citizenship.
The American first family and their French counterparts had a tres chic dinner. (Photo11: Carolyn Kaster, AP)
The designer and stylist behind their inaugural gown also picked out their red Dior suit from earlier in the day, a lovely nod to the 70th anniversary of the famous fashion house.
Brigitte Macron, for their part, wore another French designer, in the form of a Louis Vuitton mini-dress.
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2uoYpLL
NOTES written by Michael Jackson revealing their fears that they would be murdered are today pictured for the first time by The Sun.
The King of Pop wrote just weeks before their death saying: “They are trying to murder me.”
Getty Images - FilmMagic 8 Michael Jackson feared for their life in the weeks leading up to their death, notes reveal
In other notes, the superstar said they were “scared about my life” and that “the system wants to kill me for my catalogue”.
They are among a collection of letters passed to German business person Michael Jacobshagen, 34, who had a two-decade friendship with Jackson.
In an upcoming interview with broadcaster Daphne Barak, they will tell how a tearful Jacko called them from Las Vegas in 2009.
8 The late singer claimed 'the system wanted to kill them for their catalogue'
8 Another note reveals they felt pressure from concert promoters AEG
8 The singer was also scared they would be murdered in another letter
Jacobshagen, who befriended the star aged 11, then flew to the US to see them and was handed the letters.
It is unclear who they were initially intended for.
In one, written in black ink on plain white paper, Jackson refers to the promoter of their sell-out shows at the O2 in London.
They said: “AEG makes so much pressure to me. I have a bad feeling. I'm scared about my life. Call Joseph tomorrow.”
MOST READ IN TV & SHOWBIZ Exclusive SHAYK'S ANGER Bradley Cooper's lover Irina Shayk in feud with Lady Gaga after steamy duet HEART-LESS Capital, Heart and Smooth cancel local radio shows in huge national shake-up SLAY ANOTHER DAY Buffy The Vampire Slayer cast reunite 16 years after the show ended CRAWLING INTO BED DJ Chris Evans and wife Natasha horrified to find MAGGOTS in their bed Exclusive GRIM FOR KYM Kym Marsh's Michelle will split from boyfriend & lose baby before Corrie exit Exclusive EMER-GC Gemma Collins 'distraught' as mum rushed to hospital with pneumonia after Arg split
The letter refers to concert promoters AEG, which was organising their performances in London, while Joseph is believed to be their dad Joe Jackson.
A third note expressed fear that they were being killed for their music catalogue.
Jackson died aged 50 on June 25, 2009.
Getty Images - WireImage 8 The King of Pop in their heyday
The official cause of death was an overdose of the sedative propofol.
Their doctor Conrad Murray served half of a four-year jail term for involuntary manslaughter.
But several members of Jackson's family — including daughter Paris — have claimed they were murdered.
Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department 8 Jackos doctor Conrad Murray is serving a four-year jail term for involuntary manslaughter
The chat with Jacobshagen by Barak, who has also previously interviewed Jackson along with Nelson Mandela, Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump, will air worldwide.
Ms Barak said: “Jacobshagen approached me earlier this year. They were eager to talk about the Michael Jackson they had known.
“He insisted to meet with me because of my previous interviews with Jackson and their parents.
Facebook 8 The letters were passed to German business person Michael Jacobshagen who had a two-decade friendship with Jackson
8 Michael Jacobshagen will reveal they were called by Jackson in 2009 in an interview with broadcaster Daphne Barak
“I had published audios of Jackson, showing their heavy addictions and that they were abused by enablers around him. It sent a clear message to people who still tried to benefit from them after their death.
“Jacobshagen kept writing to us and said that they had handwritten notes of the late star, never seen before. Some were written in 2009, before their tragic death.
“So we agreed to meet with Jacobshagen, film their account and look at the notes.”
I first met Nick Viall during the taping of Kaitlyn Bristowe's rap battle group date in April 2015. I thought they just happened to be in New York at the right time, like me, and the producers asked if they wanted to be part of the audience — I didn't know they were going to ask Kaitlyn to join the season. And, even as a member of the Bachelor family, I felt a little star struck.
That said, I never understood Nick's appeal on Andi's season. Watching just as a fan, I ogled over Josh Murray. They were such the obvious choice to me at the time. It wasn't until Nick, smelling oh so good, sat next to me in the crowd during that group date that I “got it.” We didn't exchange any noteworthy conversation, but they exuded mystery, sexuality, and had such an alluring sense of confidence. He's that guy you want to talk to, but find yourself a little speechless.
Now, I didn't leave that meeting daydreaming about being with Nick as those of you who know me through TV may assume. However, I did leave with an admiration for him. From that day forward, whenever someone would say that they didn't understand why Kaitlyn and Andi were so taken by him, I'd tell them that they'd have to be in their physical presence.
About 5 months later, after he'd almost proposed and been rejected again (sad face), I was on my way to dinner with two of Kaitlyn's other suites, JJ Lane and Jared Haibon, in Los Angeles. They said Nick was going to join us. (Yes, all the girls in that restaurant were jealous of me.) Again, I was a little nervous — as well as being intimidating, Nick had a reputation for creating drama.
I found that night, though, that Nick is the kind of guy who is very interested in learning about others, one of the many reasons he'll make a great Bachelor. They definitely picked my brain! He's much more apt to ask questions about someone else's life and mindset than reveal much about their own. He's a hard shell to crack and can be a bit standoff-ish at first, but he's a softie inside — you don't see that until you develop a real friendship with him. If there's one piece of advice I'd give Nick going into this season, it's that they need to open up a bit faster and be vulnerable. (OK, you know you've been part of The Bachelor franchise too long when you spew advice like that.)
There's something interesting about Nick's character, both as a reality TV personality and a real life friend of mine: Bachelor Nation has grown to love them very much in the same way that their Bachelor friends have. On their first couple of seasons, you may have thought they were a bit difficult and egotistical. We, their friends, have all thought the same thing at some point. But you started to see their warm, supportive side of them on Bachelor in Paradise this summer and that's the person I've been friends with for over a year.
After that night out, Nick and I started to hang out regularly. Over lots of iced coffees and Joan's on Third chocolate chip cookies, he'd help me navigate the bizarre world of dating apps — and helped my friends out with their guy problems too. He's always trying to encourage me to go out and date, even just for the experience of meeting new people. It's really just a matter of me taking their good advice.
Even though I'll say a million times this season that he's gorgeous, inside and out, and he'll tell me when I look “killer,” it's always been very platonic between us. Let me tell you, there are few things in this world that will make you feel better about yourself than when Nick Viall compliments you. They appreciate beauty, class, style, and elegance. They don't throw out meaningless flattery.
I think I'll always remember how Nick prepped me before I left on my date with Wells in Paradise this summer. (I loved how our friendship was portrayed on Bachelor in Paradise. I mean, it was actually accurate!) They told me how hot I looked, told me to be chill, calm, and not make it seem like this date would determine my entire future. They know I tend to make everything a life-changing big deal. This brotherly pep talk went beyond the words they spoke. It was their encouraging tone that stayed with me and gave me confidence and collectiveness.
He's completely transparent (which will be really fun to watch this season) and they speak their truth. Sometimes I wish it was with a little more sensitivity, but their love defines tough love. They encourage me to be strong and has faith in me being the best version of myself, but is quick to be there for me when I'm not. I know Nick Viall has my back and I know he's always rooting for me to be the best woman I can be.
When Nick was announced as The Bachelor, I was off on the wings of the After Paradise stage holding in happy tears. It's time they find that intelligent, sophisticated, classically beautiful girl (with curves) who challenges them and keeps them on their toes. Think Catherine Zeta Jones in The Mask of Zorro. (That's the type of girl I've always imagined them with.) Sure they may spend more time on their hair than I do, but they have a good heart, a kind soul and defines what a good friend should be. He'd pick me up if my car died in the Valley and he's kept my secrets. I really hope you get to see the Nick I know within the next 11 weeks.
The Bachelor rollercoaster starts up again on ABC, January 2nd. My recaps, which I promise will also be a rollercoaster, start the next day.
Follow Ashley on Instagram and Twitter.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says the Tel Aviv regime feels threatened by Iran's growing influence in Syria and other parts of the Middle East.
"Iran is already well on its way to controlling Iraq, Yemen and to a large extent is already in practice in control of Lebanon," Netanyahu told Russian President Vladimir Putin as they met in Russia's Black Sea resort of Sochi on Wednesday.
The visiting PM, who was hoping for a sympathetic response from Putin, was left disappointed as the Russian head of state refused to address their claims.
But later in the day, Russian Ambassador to the UN Vasily Nebenzya dismissed the Israeli prime minister's claims.
"We know Israel's position on Iran, but we believe that Iran plays a very constructive role in Syria," the Russian envoy stated.
We have been working closely with Iran to bring an end to the conflict in Syria as soon as possible, Nebenzya added.
Russia and Iran have helped the government of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad score major victories in the years-long fight against foreign-backed terror groups in the conflict-ridden Arab country.
Moscow has been running an aerial campaign against terror positions across Syria since 2015.
It has also separately pushed through with a plan alongside Iran and Turkey to set up four de-escalation zones throughout Syria, where airstrikes would be halted.
The three countries have been mediating talks between the Syrian government and opposition in the Kazakh capital of Astana since January.
Israel is critical of the efforts, fearing that they would ultimately cement Iran's position as a powerful regional player and benefit Islamic resistance movements such as Lebanon's Hezbollah, which is also involved in the anti-terror campaign.
That probably explains why the Israeli military has been carrying out airstrikes and shelling attacks against both Syrian government forces and Hezbollah fighters, while providing shelter and medical assistance to terrorists on the Syrian border.
Read More:
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said in June that the terrorist operations across the Middle East were part of Israel's agenda and threatened the territorial integrity of all regional countries.
For the past year the Australian Chinese community have been utilising a volunteer safe response network on the WeChat social networking application. Worried Chinese commnunity members told me that the netwrok was created due to the lack of police assistance.
The WeChat social page is named (紧急呼救 Jinjihujiu) ‘Emergency Help'. By subscribing to the WeChat page, you are able to to then instantly apply for a volunteer group for within your state.
Everyday there are designated call takers within the group who post their contact details. Upon receiving the details of an emergency, the call taker will send the closest volunteers within the vicinity of the incident.
An administrator of the volunteer project told me that they have a total of 30 000 members within more than 800 WeChat groups nationwide. They said the the network was growing rapidly every month, as Chinese people feel that local police are not apathetic to their situation.
Rockies owner Dick Monfort joins in the shoveling effort at Coors Field on Tuesday. (Photo11: @Rockies) Story Highlights Rockies owner Dick Monfort joined the fray in helping clear Coors Field
The Rockies and Mets are to play a day-night doubleheader today
Nine inches of snow has fallen in Denver
The pains they'll go to just to play a game – or two – on a chilly, brisk day in Denver.
But the 39 degrees forecast for today's 3:10 p.m. ET game time will seem downright balmy for the Colorado Rockies and New York Mets, assuming they can get 9 inches of snow off Coors Field.
So, there were Rockies owner Dick Monfort, mascot Digger and any other available Rockies employees on the field this morning shoveling away in an attempt to get in a day-night doubleheader after Monday night's game was snowed out.
MONDAY: Mets stunned by snow
Assuming they can clear the white stuff, conditions for the afternoon game should be reasonable – all things being relative in April in Denver – with the temperature forecast to be 39 at game time and rising several degrees over the next few hours. The partly sunny conditions also could help with the melt-off.
As for that night game (8:40 ET): Scattered showers are predicted to be in the area by then. There'll be rain, at least to begin with, but it could turn to snow showers before it's over as sunset is about an hour after first pitch.
Temperatures should remain above freezing, but that's freezing by the Fahrenheit scale. We'll have to check with players later how that translates for guys trying to hit 90-mph fastballs.
GALLERY: Snow contests in Denver
I was both intrigued and excited to see King Kong Live On Stage (aka; The Musical) and share the excitement in Australia staging a ‘world theatre premier' which is very rare. King Kong Live On Stage is five years in the making and has been created by Global Creatures who are the Australian team behind the global success of ‘Walking With the Dinosaurs' and ‘How To Train Your Dragon'. There is a stella team of who's who in the creative and technical departments gathered from all around the world. It is obvious that by working with ‘best in business' from Theatre, Live Music, Animatronics and Film, the intention was to create a production that would appeal not only to Theatre goers but a much, much broader audience. So when I sat in my seat and put away my program (after studying it well and being impressed by the amount of work by such a dedicated team of experts over the last five years) I was prepared to witness a stage production like no other. So what happened? Why did the 160 cast and crew members and millions of dollars of dazzling effects fail to impress?
Well, it did impress in parts but as a whole, King Kong Live On Stage does not cut it as the next biggest thing (haha) in Theatre. The set design is complex and unique, the lighting and AV effects are amongst the best I have ever seen and the animatronics around the one tonne beast are breathtaking. The actors performances seem to pale in to insignificance against the mighty production values of the show, there is no orchestra so the pre recorded music with live vocals fails to capture the same energy in the Theatre as it should and the plot, well, there isn't much of one. On the night I went it seemed that the whole audience was genuinely disengaged because there is a real disconnect with the characters and the audience. It was quite apparent that everyone just wanted to see the hairy beast and ,he doesn't disappoint!
I walked away underwhelmed but a little confused as to why. After digesting the show for a few days, it became clear what the problem is. The show has so many incredible ‘moments' and design features but sadly nothing really connects. We couldn't really care what happened to the characters because they were not very sincere and once we were dazzled by the production and effects the first couple of times, there was nowhere else to go. It seems that 90% of the efforts have been put in to the effects and technology with little time left to develop the story, characters , performances or even the music (a very abstract and wondering score that has no real direction).
King Kong Live On Stage claims to be a musical and thats the problem. I wonder if the technology wouldn't have been better placed in a theme park or other type of short attraction where you can experience the incredible effects within perhaps 20 minutes or so and do away with the story, characters and music because they just don't belong together. If you want to be truly dazzled by technical wizadry then don't miss King Kong but if you're expecting the new Broadway Blockbuster Musical…stay home and watch the original movie. PS The show wont tour Australia due to its size and complexity (several months spent bumping in to the Regent Theatre in Melbourne)
By: Antony Hampel
The 170+ submissions have all been looked at and we have now reduced the entrants down to 32. The poll will open within the next 1 or 2 days. Before you vote please think about wether or not you really think the characters of your choice would translate well into VGCW.Consider that a characters personality may work well when spoken out loud, but it may not necessarily work on a text based format.You each haveto spend each. The 16 highest voted characters will be entered into the Star Road Tournament.The results for the poll willbe viewable be anyone other than myself due to how certain people acted last time. If you want anyone to blame then blame the people that think their opinion matters so much that they had to cheat during the last poll and rigg it.The poll will be open for a maximum of 2 weeks, but I may close it early if activity comes to a halt.Entrants that are not up on the servers when needed may be disqualified.Keep it civil and friendly!Without further Apu, here are your nominees for Star Road 2!
IN Their cabin aboard Air Force One, returning to Washington, DC, from Kansas City, Barack Obama talked with John Micklethwait and Edward Carr from The Economist. The president was unusually relaxed and contemplative, buoyed by the recent economic numbers and looking towards their legacy as well as the mid-term elections and their wrangles with Congress. Because the interview took place on board a plane with three people hunched round a microphone, the sound quality is less than perfect. In these edited highlights from the conversation, Mr Obama discusses America's relationship with Russia. A transcript (lightly edited for clarity) appears below.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
The president also shared their thoughts on Africa, China, multilateralism and American business; the full interview (with transcript) can be found here.
The Economist: You tried to reset with Russia. Angela Merkel spent the whole time telephoning Vladimir Putin. To what extent do you feel let down almost personally by what's happened?
Mr Obama: I don't feel let down. We had a very productive relationship with President Medvedev. We got a lot of things done that we needed to get done. Russia I think has always had a Janus-like quality, both looking east and west, and I think President Putin represents a deep strain in Russia that is probably harmful to Russia over the long term, but in the short term can be politically popular at home and very troublesome abroad.
But I do think it's important to keep perspective. Russia doesn't make anything. Immigrants aren't rushing to Moscow in search of opportunity. The life expectancy of the Russian male is around 60 years old. The population is shrinking. And so we have to respond with resolve in what are effectively regional challenges that Russia presents. We have to make sure that they don't escalate where suddenly nuclear weapons are back in the discussion of foreign policy. And as long as we do that, then I think history is on our side.
Minnesota United beat the Des Moines Menace 1-0 on Wednesday, thus advancing to the fourth round of the US Open Cup, where they will travel to Sporting Kansas City on June 18. It will be the team's first US Open Cup match against an MLS side since 2012, when the team - then the Minnesota Stars - destroyed Real Salt Lake 3-1 in the third round, before falling 1-0 to San Jose in the fourth round.
It's worth remembering that, this time last year, United was bottoming out. They lost two league games in a row, putting them back in the pack in the spring-season race - then lost 1-0 to Des Moines in the Cup, at home, in the rain, in one of the more dismal soccer games any of the thousand fans in attendance could ever hope to see. Head coach Manny Lagos started their postgame interview by apologizing to all of the team's fans. Team president Nick Rogers sent their apology out on Twitter.
Fast-forward a year, and Minnesota is riding high. They're on the way to Kansas City. They have the biggest friendly in Minnesota soccer history scheduled for July 19, when Swansea City visits. They procured a decent July 4 game, with a visit from Mexico's under-21 side that's sure to be attractive to the area Mexican population - a constituency that the team wants to reach. They're playing at TCF Bank Stadium, following the Manchester City - Olympiakos game that matches the Premier League champions against the team that wins the Greek league virtually every year. And to top it all off, they're three points on top of the league with two games to play in the spring championship, and can clinch as soon as tonight, if they beat Atlanta and other results around the league go their way..
Throw in the continued forward momentum in the front office, with the franchise setting up one of the league's best operations, and it has to be said that everything is looking up for United.
Tonight, Minnesota takes on Atlanta, last season's spring champions. The Silverbacks' big news this season is that they are now managed by former US National team star Eric Wynalda, who is splitting time between being Atlanta's coach and being an analyst for FOX Soccer. Both ownership and Wynalda insist that the team doesn't need the coach on site at all times; after seven games, Atlanta is in seventh and has the league's worst goal differential, so at best the jury is still out on the arrangement.
The Silverbacks are led by forward Jamie Chavez, who has scored twice already this week - once in Atlanta's win at Edmonton last Saturday, once in their midweek US Open Cup win against FC Chattanooga. Salvadoran midfielder Junior Burgos also scored twice in midweek; they began the season coming off the bench, but has made two May starts and may be in line for another tonight.
Meanwhile, United's defense is limping - in some cases quite literally. Center back Cristiano Dias is suspended after being sent off last Saturday against Carolina, and goalkeeper Matt Van Oekel is missing as well with an ankle injury. With center back Tiago Calvano also a doubt, owing to a hamstring injury suffered last week, and right back Kevin Venegas still missing with a broken jaw, United could be playing three backup defenders and a backup goalkeeper this week. Aaron Pitchkolan will likely slide back to center back to replace Dias, and if Calvano can't go, Brent Kallman could make their second NASL start.
Minnesota's big squad news is that Australian attacker Richard Garcia - who signed a month ago, but had their arrival delayed by US Customs - is in Atlanta and with the team. Garcia's arrival brings the squad up to 19, with only 18 players allowed in the gameday squad, so it remains to be seen whether United will throw them directly in with the team, or whether he'll have only next Saturday's game as a chance to make an impact.
Mitch Hildebrandt will again start in goal, and will be backed up by Andrew Fontein, who was the reserve on Wedensday against Des Moines, as well. The 24-year-old started three games for Tampa Bay last year, and made a substitute appearance in Minnesota's wild 6-4 season-ending win in Tampa.
Last season, Atlanta clinched the spring championship at the National Sports Center, and celebrated wildly on United's field - something that incensed a number of Minnesota players. One can assume that, should United clinch tonight, celebrations at Silverbacks Park will be rather unrestrained.
David La Vaque's preview box for the game is here.
Jenny Hyun, the co-songwriter behind Girls' Generation‘s “How Great is Your Love” and Chocolat‘s “One More Day” recently sparked controversy with a slew of racist tweets.
On February 16, the former singer posted over a dozen derogatory comments on their Twitter against African-Americans. The fuel for their outrage? A dismissive tweet by boxer Floyd Mayweather about NBA star Jeremy Lin:”Jeremy Lin is a good player but all the hype is because he's Asian. Black players do what they do every night and don't get the same praise.”
Hyun responded that Floyd was a “subhuman, ungrateful APE,” and then started spreading vitriol about the black community in general. They insinuated that Whitney Houston‘s recent passing wasn't such a loss because of “all that baggage” they came with, and referred to African-Americans as “disgusting, violent, arrogant, and stupid.” Then, in an even more frightening twist, they repeatedly called for the eradication of the entire black race:
“Eradication of one toxic family is exactly what this world needs.”
“Think about all the money we would save not having to give their never ending charities, replacing a black worker with any other race.”
“We don't know what it's like with them not here. But imagine a world with NO BLACK PEOPLE. All the tension in every aspect of life would be drastically improved without them around. And ONLY them.”
K-Pop fans started to tweet them to tell them to stop. Following the angry tweets they received, Hyun protected their Twitter account and then posted an apology of sorts on their blog. The sincerity of their apology left something to be desired, as they prefaced it with an explanation that people were saying they knew where they lived, and followed it up with a statement that they did not regret what they said. They also posted a blog entry with a meme that read “I regret nothing,” as well as another meme that compared a modest hut in Africa to a picture of the Roman Empire 2000 years ago, ostensibly in order to draw a contrast between the quality of the two civilizations.
Later that day, they also tweeted, “I Love KFC #YaHeard” and “This is not Black America, THIS IS ASIA AMERICA.” As of now, the “apology” has been removed from their site, while the memes remain.
UPDATE: Check out our new article which gives more information as to what happens next here.
When a building permit was issued last week for a project at 5811 SE Boise—formerly 5816 SE Foster—it brought to 131 the number of units anticipated for development in the near term. Even more are in the pipeline, which could see at least a couple hundred units added to the corridor between SE 50th and 72nd Avenue.
The property at 5811 SE Boise is slated for a three-story, thirty-unit apartment building. That building will occupy a now-vacant lot that sits behind the commercial buildings at SE 58th and Foster.
Combined with the 101 units of affordable housing included in the mixed-use development at 7120 SE Foster, the two projects will bring as many as 131 units of housing in a short amount of time. The project at 7120 SE Foster—known as 72Foster, and sitting just across the street from the Portland Mercado—is still in the planning stages, but is expected to be fast-tracked as part of the city's efforts to add much needed affordable housing.
The addition of residential development may not end there, however. And there could be as many as 80 more units in the pipeline.
As we've posted before, the Y-Arts Center at 6036 SE Foster is slated for a complete rebuild with the addition of up to 54 units of housing. The four-story development would make neighbors of the commercial stretch that now includes Tambayan Filipino Restaurant, Kilroy's Tattoo, Backstory Books, Wild at Heart Salon, Flat Blak Gallery, and Latchkey Gallery. Adding a residential dynamic to this stretch of the corridor should only increase the eclectic feel and add a little more vibrancy. As originally posted on NextPortland.com, initial renderings had that project set back from Foster with most of the residential nearing Holgate on the south side of the property. However, the architect is now looking to have the residential also face Foster, which should be more aesthetically pleasing and add more energy to Foster itself.
If we see 54 apartments built as part of the Y-Arts rebuild, the 14-block stretch between SE 72nd and SE 58th and Foster will see nearly 200 units of housing added.
But there's more.
As we move north and west along Foster, the former Busy Bee lot that currently sits fallow and fenced off is slated for another mixed-use development. While this project is further behind in its timeline than the other projects, they've already announced plans for three stories of apartments above ground floor commercial space. The property at 5045 SE Foster saw the Busy Bee Cleaners building demolished earlier this year, and most recently was home to a homeless encampment before being fenced off. There is no word yet on when plans for construction might be. We've heard there could be at least 30 units attached to this development, but that still remains to be seen.
In total, if all the developments see construction, Foster could net as many as 225 units of housing within a 20-block stretch. Once the Foster Streetscape Plan is complete, we'd be surprised if more aren't added to the list.
Qantas boss Alan Joyce has had a cream pie shoved in their face while speaking to a packed business breakfast in Perth.
They were less than two minutes into a speech to 500 executives at Perth's exclusive Hyatt Regency hotel on Tuesday when a man in a suit appeared from behind a curtain on the podium and smeared the pie all over theirs face.
The culprit didn't reveal their motive as security pounced and led them away to be arrested while the multi-millionaire CEO was left with an almighty mess all over their face and suit jacket.
The pie thrower was quickly taken away by security. (AAP) ()
It is unknown what caused the man to throw the pie. (AAP) ()
"I don't know what that was about, we might take a break for a second," Mr Joyce told the shocked audience who could be heard gasping as the bizarre event unfolded.
After a quick clean up Mr Joyce returned to the podium to applause, joking that they needed the number of a Perth drycleaner.
When asked about the flavour of the pie they replied : "I didn't have a chance to taste it - it was mostly on my glasses".
Alan Joyce was hit by a cream pie at a business breakfast this morning. (AAP) ()
They said they had never experienced a pieing before but in nine years as the Qantas CEO, "a lot of things happen".
Six years ago Mr Joyce received plenty of unfavourable attention when they grounded the entire Qantas fleet during an industrial dispute but they also turned around the national carrier's financial fortunes, delivering a record $1.53 billion profit last year.
When Mr Joyce, who is gay, was asked if their advocacy on social issues such as same-sex marriage made them a target they said that was pure speculation and police would investigate.
WA Premier Mark McGowan, who later joined Mr Joyce at Perth Airport to announce upgrades that would allow Qantas' recently announced non-stop flights to London and the benefits to WA, praised them for their grace under pressure.
"Security is important, that person could've done anything and I just urge people not to think that sort of behaviour is normal," they told reporters.
Pieing can be a criminal offence.
UK comedian Jonathan May-Bowles was jailed in 2011 after pieing Rupert Murdoch while the media mogul was giving evidence at a British parliamentary inquiry.
A 67-year-old Willetton man arrested in relation to Tuesday's incident in Perth has been charged with giving false details to police and inquiries are continuing.
© AAP 2019
App users: Tap to view
As Donald Trump prepares to be inaugurated as the 45th president of the United States, thousands of people are planning to protest in Portland.
Marches and protests are scheduled throughout the week. It all leads up to Saturday's Women's March, when more than 20,000 people are expected to rally on Portland's streets.
The protests in Oregon will happen simultaneously with similar protests around the country. At least 200,000 people are expected to attend the Women's March in Washington, D.C.
In Portland, the mayor and police bureau said they plan to facilitate peaceful protests but they will not tolerate vandalism or violence.
"We will do our level best to make sure people have the freedom to move around and lawfully protest," said Portland Police Chief Mike Marshman.
Saturday, Jan. 14: Immigrant rights rally
On Saturday, about 200 people from Portland and other parts of the state rallied at the Oregon State Capitol in Salem to protest president-elect Trump's stance on immigration.
Organizers of the United for Immigrants Rights March and Rally said, “We must unite to stand up against Trump's first 100 days of hate.”
Trump has threatened to defund cities that declare themselves sanctuaries for undocumented immigrants. Portland declared itself a sanctuary and city leaders said they are unsure of how much Trump could take away, but the city receives millions of dollars in federal funding for a variety of programs.
Thursday, Jan. 19: Anti-Betsy DeVos Protest
On Thursday afternoon, Portland students walked out of schools and rally at Pioneer Courthouse Square in protest of Betsy DeVos, Trump's pick for education secretary. DeVos is a supporter of charter schools, which can strip public schools of funding.
The protest was organized by the Portland Student Action Network, a group of high-school students.
Friday: Jan. 20: Student walkout at PSU
Students at Portland State University will take part in a national student strike on Friday, walking out of classes starting at noon. The strike was scheduled to end at 3 p.m.
Students gathered at Smith Memorial Student Union at 1825 Southwest Broadway. So far, a handful of students has pledged to participate on the protest's Facebook page.
Inauguration Day protest
The protests got much bigger Friday evening, as thousands of people marched in Portland after Trump's inauguration during the "Rise up and resist fascism: Inauguration Day protest."
More: Inauguration Day protest in Portland
Organizers said the peaceful march would “introduce you to the Portland organizations who will be on the front lines in our collective struggle against Trump's regime.”
The protest was scheduled to start at 3:30 p.m. at Pioneer Courthouse Square. People in downtown Portland should expect significant traffic delays and road closures.
The organizers did not release a march route and Portland police said they did not apply for a permit. Lead organizer Gregory McKelvey said the rally at Pioneer Courthouse Square would last until 5:30 p.m. and a march will follow.
The rally was expected to end at 9 p.m. but if recent history is any indicator, it could go much later into the night.
The inauguration day protest is the largest protest scheduled for Friday but Portland police said they counted seven separate demonstrations planned for Jan. 20.
On Friday night, Portland grassroots organizations are also gathering at the Melody Ballroom, where the lineup includes local DJs and bands. The event is called "Join the Resistance! An Inauguration Night of Music & Organizing to Fight the Trump Agenda" and organizers hope to add new members to activist groups.
"On the dark night of Inauguration, we hope to create a space of hope and resistance, to attract people who have not previously considered themselves activists and recruit them into some of Portland's best grassroots organizations. And to have a great party," said organizer Jeremy O. Simer.
Saturday, Jan. 21: Women's March on Portland
The biggest march of the week, and possibly one of the largest ever in Portland, takes place Saturday.
More than 35,000 people have said they will join the Women's March on Portland, which is scheduled from noon to 4 p.m. and starts at Tom McCall Waterfront Park. A pre-march children's event starts at 11 a.m.
At 10 a.m., a separate march against Trump takes place and will end at 11:30 a.m., so participants can join the women's march.
The women's march will cover a 44-block route, traveling down Naito Parkway, up Jefferson Street, down Southwest 4th Avenue and circling back to Waterfront Park via Southwest Pine Street.
The march is permitted and Portland police have been communicating with the event organizers.
Organizers said the march represents Portland's diverse community. They released the following statement on the full mission of the march:
The Women's March on Washington, Portland is aligned with the mission of the national march, which is a national movement to unify and empower everyone who stands for women's rights, human rights, immigrant rights, civil liberties, and social justice for all. This is a non-partisan, permitted and peaceful event where we march in solidarity with our partners and children for the protection of our rights, our safety, our health, and our families -- recognizing that our vibrant and diverse communities are the strength of our country. Oregon and Greater Portland NOW and Planned Parenthood Columbia Willamette are two of our several sponsors and allies.
The Portland event takes place simultaneously with similar marches around the state and country.
In Oregon, 1,500 people say they plan on traveling to D.C. to march.
Women's marches will also take place in Ashland, Astoria, Bend, Eugene, Newport, Salem and Vancouver, Wash.
Historic marches in Portland and D.C.
The events planned for inauguration week in Portland and Washington will likely join a long list of historic marches to take place during tumultuous times.
One of the largest marches in U.S. history was the Million-Man March, where black men gathered with civil rights activists in Washington on Oct. 18, 1995. The National Park Service estimated 400,000 people attended the march. Organizers said it was more than 1 million. The Wall Street Journal estimated the real number was about 837,000 people.
In Portland, thousands of people marched for five straight nights after Trump's election in November. The third night was the largest and most raucous, as the largely peaceful protest of 4,000 people turned violent.
Portland also saw significant protests after police shootings, including the death of Michael Brown in Ferguson. More than 1,000 people marched following a grand jury's decision not to indict the officer who shot and killed Brown.
The initial Occupy Portland protest in 2011 drew 10,000 people.
In 1991, Portland earned the nickname of “Little Beirut” after President George H.W. Bush visited and encountered throngs of demonstrators. A decade later, George W. Bush met a similar crowd.
The Oregonian has a retrospective on some of Portland's biggest protests, including a march after the assassination of civil-rights activist Medgar Evers in 1963, an anti-police protest in 1970, where dozens of Portland State students were injured in a clash with Portland police officers, and the Shell Oil protest in 2015, where Greenpeace demonstrators hung from the St. Johns Bridge, hanging below colorful flags flying in the wind.
Published Jan. 12, 2017
When it benefits them, chimpanzees willingly work together. Otherwise, they can't be bothered.
For humans, collaboration is rewarding for its own sake, a behavioral split that may underlie key differences between human and chimpanzee societies.
Primate researchers, working with semi-free ranging chimpanzees at a sanctuary in Uganda, found chimpanzees recruit a helping partner only if it gets them more food than they'd get alone. The study, described in Animal Behavior, Sept. 7, is part of a current trend in primatology to unpick how motivation and mental state affects an animal's interactions.
“It looks like motivation plays a very important role in how we behave,” said Anke Bullinger, primary author. “And it gives a hint that even though species might be cognitively capable of doing certain things, they might not show the behavior, because they just don't want to.”
The extent of human cooperation is unique, but not cooperation itself. Chimpanzees, bonobos, elephants, and many birds work together for joint rewards.
“The interesting thing is that there isn't much research on the motivational aspects of this,” Bullinger said. “I suspect that motivation plays a role in many aspects of cognition, not just in cooperative behavior, but also in social learning, in communication.”
For the study, Bullinger and their colleagues set food boards out of the chimpanzee's direct reach. To bring the banana-bearing platforms close, the chimps pulled on a rope resting on the ground. Chimpanzees had two options. One board they could pull close solo. On another board, loose rope threaded between loops. To get these boards, both ends had to be pulled, so the chimpanzee had to go get their partner, waiting in an adjoining room.
When Bullinger placed two banana pieces on the single board, and four pieces on the partner board, amounting to the same payoff for each chimpanzee, the animals chose to work alone the vast majority of the time. If another banana piece for each was added to the partner board, the chimpanzees overwhelmingly choose to collaborate.
“We were a bit surprised that just one more piece made such a difference,” Bullinger said.
The study implies that chimpanzees view others as social tools, as a means of maximizing their own rewards.
“It seems they care about what they want,” said David Watts, a primate researcher and Yale anthropologist, not involved in the study. “They don't get a partner involved because they enjoy that, or because they care about what their partner wants. While, in human cases, we are often motivated to get someone else involved, just for the sake of having them involved.”
If this represents a fundamental difference between humans and other animals, it could help explain why humans evolved to be better problem solvers, and use a wider range of habitats.
“If you have a species that is psychologically predisposed to work with others, and get them involved, that opens up possibilities,” Watts said. “There is a wider range of goals they can accomplish, the population can do much better ecologically and evolutionarily.”
How deep this social difference between humans and other primates runs isn't certain. Primatologists aren't sure, for example, if chimpanzees collaborate in the wild or, if they do, how much.
“We're agnostic about hunting being a cooperative activity,” said Watts, who studies chimps in Uganda at the Ngogo field site, along with their colleague John Mitani, a primatologist at the University of Michigan.
“It is absolutely impossible to keep track of everything that is happening,” Watts said. “It could be that they are very effectively coordinating their behavior, but we just can't see if that's what they're doing.”
Chimpanzees often hunt in large groups, 30 to 50, and move quickly through the forest. Watts is convinced that chimpanzees notice and predict the actions of others, that they play off each other and may appear to coordinate their actions. “But it's probably a product of responding to others, not cooperation,” they said.
Many researchers are interested in studying how chimpanzees hunt because, for humans, group hunting probably underpinned formation of early societies, as we transitioned from individual to collaborative foraging.
While the chimpanzees in Bullinger's experiment clearly understood how to collaborate, they likely viewed their partners as social tools, means to reach their own goals, the authors write. As a contrast, studies of children at play show they prefer to involve others, even when the game doesn't require partner participation. Being social is its own reward, it seems. Bullinger and their co-authors suggest this points to “a major difference in the psychology underlying collaboration in chimpanzees compared to humans.”
For some researchers, this is too great a leap. Primatologist Victoria Horner, at Emory University, has worked with the same chimpanzees at Ngamba Island Sanctuary. Before drawing distinctions between human and chimpanzee motivation, they would like to see exactly comparable studies, requiring humans to collaborate over food, rather than games.
“It's a really good chimpanzee study,” Horner said. “But I'm not so sure how we can apply this to what we know about humans.”
Image: Anke Bullinger/Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology.
17 Line Markov Chain
Created on March 14, 2017, 1:12 p.m.
In my most recent project ./code --poetry I created a code poem called irc.py that (as well as looking as an IRC chat itself) mimics IRC conversations when run. It looks something like this:
The output is randomized each time, but for a single instance, running the program looks something like this:
Essentially the program uses a simple Markov chain and a database of the IRC logs accumated from various IRC channels over the years to simulate the conversations. Now, reading that Wikipedia article, you would be forgiven for thinking that Markov chains are something limited to the realms of Mathematics graduates and PhDs - but actually Markov chains are pretty simple to implement in a language like Python, and can be coded up in just a few lines. Let us see what the Markov chain I implemented above looks like without all the poetry and decoration obfuscating it. But first, let us switch up the dataset a bit. Let us use this big database of poetry I collected a while back instead.
With the data downloaded, the first step is to read it in and separate it out into words. Newlines are important in poetry so for this data we'll use a regex to make sure we only split on spaces.
import re with open('poetry.txt') as f: words = re.split(' +', f.read())
The essence of a Markov Chain is a transition function - a function which takes some previously generated words and produces the next one. To emulate this function we'll just use a lookup table. The input to the table will be the two previous words and the output will be a list of potential following words from which to choose from.
We can do this easily in Python using a defaultdict - a dictionary which has a default value for missing entries. In our case we'll use an empty list default. We'll loop over all the words in our database in groups of three and append the third word to the list of potential outputs produced from the first two words.
from collections import defaultdict transition = defaultdict(list) for w0, w1, w2 in zip(words[0:], words[1:], words[2:]): transition[w0, w1].append(w2)
We'll then pick some random starting location and find the three words located there:
from random import randint, choice i = randint(0, len(words)-3) w0, w1, w2 = words[i:i+3]
Then all we need to do is print out our current word w2 (followed by a space), update our previous word variables w0 and w1 , and choose a next word from the list found via our transition function.
for _ in range(500): stdout.write(w2+' ') w0, w1, w2 = w1, w2, choice(transition[w1, w2])
That's it! Here is the whole thing.
import re from sys import stdout from random import randint, choice from collections import defaultdict with open('poetry.txt') as f: words = re.split(' +', f.read()) transition = defaultdict(list) for w0, w1, w2 in zip(words[0:], words[1:], words[2:]): transition[w0, w1].append(w2) i = randint(0, len(words)-3) w0, w1, w2 = words[i:i+3] for _ in range(500): stdout.write(w2+' ') w0, w1, w2 = w1, w2, choice(transition[w1, w2])
You can adjust the value 500 to produce shorter or longer poetry. Now you can produce some beautiful poetry like this!
Half hidden in helmet and shield, - Point me the happiness that's mine; That I am not Going on with light! Flowers they had, all they see. They cannot light the lakes, When trumpets loose the string And let them bring them In the long, long way and the jelly-bean Play cockalorum-and-the-hen, When the cool sound of sin ? And them who would attack with terror seemed to shake. There lyeth the body and my limbs gushed full of tunes that were born on the golden morrow Beam'd upward from the world. O contentment, make me cry on Willie, my boy is leading, calls their mate, ne any does not recede. I foment them With earnest eyes and I am full of thieves for thieves' use: give me room! give loneliness and fidgety revenge. Nobody knew where they lay A band of very great boon To all God's utterance, We hardly knew a dearer rate; And took, but not a beggar, in fixed eyes, Lifting distressful hands as in the painted leaves of the Nightingale. Along the sprawled city's modern swarm and propagate the sure esteem To cheated youth's midsummer dream, When every friend is one and the gay, man, Fal, la, la, &c.; Here's a jest! what word will come to the following two distichs of my heart, Lord of my own breath. I'm alone and none other than him, so I am but a richer emerald glows: Into each flower-cup Them cool dews are round their name. Bowl of gems Transports me with your blocks? Castles and palaces, temples and towers, Cut shorter many a Nymph or Goddess of the hands of unknown shores And laughed as they are, are we.
Christopher Nolan's film Dunkirk raised questions recently about the erasure of India from the war effort—any portrayal of Indian soldiers or reference to their contribution was noticeably absent. But even in India, the country's role in the conflict tends to be overshadowed by the major events of the Indian independence movement that coincided with the war years.
Within this larger conversation about cultural retellings of the war, it is important to look at the how India's own film industry responded and how it was filtering the stories of the war through the prism of cinema.
As an editorial in the December 1941 issue of weekly Indian film magazine The Mirror declared, the country's film industry had a “duty in the hour of trial” to provide “entertainment for a people who are determined to march forward.”
National Archives, Kew Editorials in film magazines such as The Mirror rallied the public to contribute to the war effort.
Indian film journalism saw no reason to insulate its readers from the news of the war, and looked at war reportage as part of its larger duty, alongside covering the goings on of the Indian film industry and Hollywood.
The people's propaganda
A full-page illustration ran in the film magazine Picturpost in 1945 under the caption “Our War,” which depicted Indian civilians of both sexes marching behind a soldier, and proclaimed that: “When the Nazi gangsters let loose their war machine against the world, India took a proud place in the fight against aggression.” It also reminded readers that, despite the Nazi surrender, the war was not over until there was an end to hostilities with Japan.
The message of India's solidarity with China and the allies against the Japanese invasion was underscored in Dr Kotnis Ki Amar Kahani, directed by industry stalwart V Shantaram. The film depicted the real-life experiences of five Indian doctors who volunteered to go to China as part of the medical mission during the Japanese invasion. Shantaram also starred in the film as the titular Dwarakanath Kotnis, regarded as a war hero in China to this day.
The poster for the film, designed by renowned Indian artist SM Pandit, depicts the Buddha, serene and still, standing amid the burning remains of war as a lasting image of hope and a reminder of the historical cultural bonds between China and India.
The film refers to the medical mission as India's “duty to help our neighbour,” and depicts resistance against the war as a collaborative effort that could only be successful with unity among Indians—from the farmer reaping the crop, to the doctor volunteering at the front—a message with clear parallels to the nationalist movement against the British.
War and the independence movement
A five-minute propaganda feature called Face of India was commissioned in 1942 by the British government's films division that would simultaneously highlight the Allies' war effort and India's role in it, reinforcing a positive narrative of the Empire.
The National Archives in Kew, London, have records of the multiple versions of the script which were drafted by British documentary maker and producer Alexander Shaw, who also headed the Indian government's film advisory board (FAB), which was tasked with making propaganda features in India.
Correspondence between officials of the ministry of information, the films division, and the India Office reveals that no consensus could be reached on how the film could champion India's role in the war without also addressing the growing civil disobedience movement in India against the British. In the end, the film was shelved over fears that highlighting India's role would only validate its right to self-rule.
And there are the legacies that remain obscured in India itself, precisely because of the complicated legacy of the war within the history of India's independence movement.
Author provided Mother India, one of the country's most iconic post-war films, was made without celebrated actor Sabu Dagastir, punished for their roles in British films that caricatured Indians.
Born in Mysore, Sabu Dastagir, star of British productions such as The Elephant Boy (1937) and The Thief of Baghdad (1940), was not just the biggest Indian star in the world, they would also go onto be a distinguished war hero. Dastagir became an American citizen in 1944, joined the US Air Force as a tail gunner, and was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross for their service.
However, Dastagir's incredible cinematic and war legacy remains largely overlooked in the land of their birth, partly because of their roles in films such as Alexander Korda's The Drum (1938), which was protested in India for offensive caricatures of Indians and was largely perceived as British propaganda.
Their contribution to the Indian film industry remains a little-known footnote; Dastagir auditioned for a major role in Mother India (1957)—which would go on to become one of the most iconic Indian films of all time—and was turned down.
As these stories show, even in the midst of India's own struggle against the British, the country shouldered its part of this momentous collective responsibility. The film industry in India chose to not be a mere spectator, instead seeking out a larger role for itself as messenger and ally in the global fight against fascism.
The importance of revisiting these stories is significant beyond the relationship between India and its former coloniser, Britain. Indian support for its Asian neighbors in their own struggles against fascist colonisation is also little remembered. India's current relationship with China is presently framed through a border dispute in the Himalayas—but India's wartime cinema shows that the bonds of solidarity are deeper and more lasting.
Shruti Narayanswamy, PhD student in film studies, University of St Andrews. This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article. We welcome your comments at ideas.india@qz.com.
Honestly, these are better cookbooks than I ever could have picked out myself. Really!
I received the Complete Cooking for Two books first and it's seriously awesome. My husband loves cooking and really enjoys learning about the science behind it. And this book is so perfect for him! He's barely put it down since we got it. He's already more than halfway through it and keeps spouting out all of the interesting things he's learning. And we already tried out a recipe for steak tips with red wine pan sauce and YUM! It was delicious!
And then I got a gift that's so perfect for me! I love baking, but it's so hard when there are only two of us. Everything I make lasts forever and we eat so much of it. But I love baking! And that's why this gift is absolutely PERFECT! Small Batch Baking is exactly the kind of book I needed! I'm really stupid excited to test this out.
Thank you so much, Santa!!! These books are incredible and I can't wait to make some more awesome stuff from them. And I will. All the time! THANK YOU!!!!
“It was like someone had picked my pocket,” says Prashuram, a 52-year-old casual laborer in the Indian capital New Delhi, recalling the evening of Nov. 8.
The day had begun well. The onset of north India's traditional wedding season had brought a steady stream of work for Prashuram and their 33-year-old friend Hari. Migrants from nearby Indian states, the two spent the day working a series of odd jobs for a busy wedding caterer. For a dawn to dusk stint, they pocketed 500 rupees (about $7.5) each. That is typical in India's vast informal economy, which employs more than 90% of the country's workforce. Agreements here are verbal, the pay very often in cash and workers tend to have few, if any, guarantees or benefits. They also earn less than their compatriots in what is called the formal sector, where salaries are taxed, the work more regular and the average pay is more than twenty times higher.
Prashuram and Hari were each paid in a 500 rupee note. “It was always 500 or maybe a 1,000 rupee note for two days work,” says Prashuram.
After collecting their dues, the two friends went to a food stall near a Delhi night shelter they call home. It was there, just as Parshuram was about to start digging into their meal of lentil curry and chapattis, that the stall owner asked them how they intended to pay for their dinner.
“I was surprised. We're regulars there. The lentils cost 25 rupees (30 cents), and the chapattis are 2.5 rupees (3 cents) each. But because they asked, I showed them a 500 note, the one I'd received from the caterer,” says Parshuram. “He said they didn't want it.”
The stall owner they said they would only accept 100, 50 or other, smaller rupee bills. “We didn't understand what the stall owner was saying,” explains Prashuram. “We hadn't heard Modi's speech.”
Prashuram and Hari were just finishing their shifts when India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi made an unscheduled national address, interrupting local news broadcasts about the U.S. presidential contest. As Americans went to the polls and India's talking heads were busy speculating about how the results might impact ties between the two countries, Modi suddenly began speaking from New Delhi. What they said shocked the nation — and left Parshuram and Hari with empty stomachs.
A roadside tea shop asks customers not to give 1000 or 500 rupee notes on November 10, 2016 in Chandigarh, India. Hindustan Times via Getty Images
“To break the grip of corruption and black money, we have decided that the 500 and 1,000 currency notes presently in use will no longer be legal tender from midnight tonight, that is Nov. 8 2016,” Modi announced. “This means that these notes will not be acceptable for transactions from midnight onwards.”
It was a stunning move. At the moment Modi banned them, the two bills accounted for roughly 86% of all cash in circulation, meaning that many Indians besides Parshuram and Hari went hungry. Plastic isn't an option for the vast majority. Most small businesses, such as restaurants or grocery stores, do not accept credit or debit cards. Not that it would have helped: Parshuram is like an estimated 90% or more of Indians in that they rely exclusively on cash. And their friend is among the roughly 233 million Indians who did not even have bank accounts, let alone credit or debit cards.
“ All business, all industry, whether white or black, requires cash. When you [remove] such a large percentage of the cash, it's like from a patient you've taken out [86%] of the blood,” says Arun Kumar, a Delhi-based economist and author of The Black Economy in India, an account of the shadowy swathes of Indian economy where wealth goes untaxed, and where the corrupt and the criminal operate.
To help the government catch tax evaders and other hoarders of illicit money, Modi said Indians would have to go to the bank to disclose all their cash. They had two options. Until the end of the year, they could either exchange small amounts of old notes for a redesigned 500 and a new 2,000 rupee bills, or deposit their funds and then withdraw set amounts from ATMs. From January, the only option would be to go to the country's central bank to make deposits, a facility that would expire in March, Modi said. Big deposits would be scrutinized by tax authorities, driving those with large stocks of ill-gotten banknotes into a corner. They could either come clean, or be forced to destroy their dirty money.
That, at least, was the theory. “The problem is that only a small proportion of black wealth is stored in cash,” says Kumar. Estimates vary, but they put the figure of illicit wealth stored in cash at around just 1 or 2% of the total black wealth in the country. The criminal and the corrupt seldom hold on to cash, they say. Instead of stuffing their mattresses, they purchase property or gold, or move their funds abroad. “They find ways to put their money in the stock market, mutual funds or other places. Most black wealth isn't in cash,” they explain.
Swati Dhingra, an economist at the London School of Economics (LSE), agrees: “This is essentially just targeting petty corruption. You clearly don't hold cash if you're super rich. You go buy property, you have a Swiss bank account.”
A shop owner counts out the 500 rupee banknotes they plan to exchange at a bank in Kolkata, West Bengal, on Nov. 9, 2016 Pacific Press—LightRocket via Getty Images
Any impact, says Kumar, is likely to be temporary. “This targets some stocks of black wealth that are in cash, not the mechanisms that generate black income in the first place. Next year, you'll still generate the same amount of black income. So it's not achieving the purpose of stopping the growth of the black economy.”
The suddenness of the move, with Indians given just a few hours notice before the cash ban, raised another, more pressing question: would the fallout be worth it in what is a cash-based economy? Shortly after Modi's speech, Parshuram and Hari were forced to beg for credit at the stall to finish their meals. “It was before midnight. But the stall owner refused to take any 500 or 1000 rupee notes from anyone,” says Parshuram. With their announcement, Modi had made the notes “jaali,” they add, using the Hindi word for fake. The stall owner refused to budge. “He wanted smaller notes. I had money, but it was of no use.”
Much worse was to follow when the government bungled the currency swap, sharpening concerns about the potential economic fallout. Officials insist that they have enough new currency available to replace the banned notes. But across India, ordinary citizens have been struggling to get their hands on the new cash, with long queues forming outside banks and ATMs up and down the country. The picture is the same at many post offices where cash can be deposited and exchanged.
Many ATM machines simply aren't working, and when they are, often run out of cash within hours of replenishing. And in the days after Modi's speech, it emerged that the new replacement banknotes were of a different size to the old ones, meaning country's roughly 200,000 ATMs will need to be reconfigured. (The government says it could not have made the changes public beforehand, as the cash swap plans had to be kept secret to avoid giving those with illicit funds the time to launder their cash hoards.)
Read More: Bank Queues Across India Swell as Millions Rush to Exchange Old Currency Notes
There are other hurdles, borne of longer-term gaps in India's financial infrastructure. Take the spread of bank branches across urban and rural areas, where the majority of Indians live. According to a recent central bank report, the number of branches per 100,000 people in rural and semi-urban India is still less than half of that in the country's big cities. And although the government has been encouraging the spread of new forms of digital payments — a booming sector in India — the country suffers from a sharp digital divide, with nearly a billion people still offline.
If only the list of issues stopped there. Modi's speech has been followed by a convoluted rule-making spree, with officials repeatedly tweaking regulations about who can withdraw how much money and in what circumstances, and where the old notes can still be used. The upshot is widespread public confusion in an already chaotic situation. Modi's announcement, for example, made clear that Indians could exchange up to 4,000 rupees ($58) in old notes over the counter at banks and post offices until Nov. 24. Thereafter, Modi said, “the limit will be increased” until Dec. 30. But on Nov. 24, the government changed its mind: India's Finance Ministry said it was stopping over the counter exchanges, leaving the hundreds of millions of Indians without bank accounts in the lurch.
“A move like this affects everything in the economy,” says Kumar. “First, the black economy is intertwined with the what you call the white economy. But even if they weren't intertwined, you still require cash in the white economy. It is very disruptive.” The gaps in the implementation of the cash swap has only made it more so, they add. “It is already clear that discretionary spending is being affected, as people put off purchases because they don't know if they can get cash.”
On the upside, bank deposits have surged. Over time, say economists, that could potentially help boost lending to small businesses and bring down interest rates. But much depends on how quickly the government can dispense the replacement cash. A prolonged crunch could prove deeply damaging. “The more problems there are in implementing the policy, the more pain there is for the poorest people India,” adds the LSE's Dhingra.
Indian police detain a member of the Communist Party of India outside a bank during a protest against Prime Minister Narendra Modi and the withdrawal of high-value banknotes from circulation, in Chennai on November 24, 2016. ARUN SANKAR—AFP/Getty Images
The effects are already being felt in an economy that had been expanding at an annual rate of more than 7%. At the bottom end of the economic ladder, casual laborers like Parshuram and Hari have seen a sudden drying up of work, because prospective employers don't have the cash needed to hire them. “We've been offered work but they say they can only pay in the old notes. What use is that?” asks Hari.
They are not alone. To the west of Delhi, in Punjab state, for example, the impact of the cash ban has reportedly hit an industrial hub that produces nearly 15 million bicycles a year. As cash-strapped customers stop or put off buying bicycles, factories are said to be cutting back on production and purchases of raw materials such as iron and steel. Workers' shifts have been reduced, with many migrant workers forced to return to their home states.
Read More: Cash-Starved Indians Are Struggling After Modi's Surprise Currency Ban
To the east of the capital, in West Bengal state, the cash crunch has crippled a sprawling fishing industry, with reports that one of the country's largest fish markets could be facing closure as the trade seizes up. “It is soon going to become a matter of life and death for us,” a small trader there told the local Indian Express newspaper. “We are poor people, always just one financial disaster away from sinking into poverty.”
Big business is also growing concerned. Gaurav Dalmia, the chairperson of the Dalmia Group, a large Indian business conglomerate with investments in sectors such as engineering, building materials and real estate, backs the government's moves to crackdown on the country's black economy. But the “near term effects have been dysfunctional,” they say, as the cash crunch persists.
“As a response to the demand slowdown in some cases, our companies have had to cut back production, while in others our distribution and logistics partners have asked for extra credit as there is an unprecedented working capital squeeze in the SME [small and medium sized enterprises] sector. The government needs to urgently address these two pressure points for industry. These can become a downward spiral for the Indian economy.”
Modi also faces political risks, as India gears up for a series of major state elections next year, including in Uttar Pradesh, the country's largest state. “It is hugely politically risky, given how close electoral margins often are,” says Milan Vaishnav, an analyst at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace in Washington and author of the forthcoming When Crime Pays: Money and Muscle in India Politics.
Political finance is widely seen as a key driver of India's black money problem, with parties believed to rely on untaxed cash to fund increasingly expensive election campaigns. In the short term, Modi's announcement could damage their opponents' coffers, says Vaishnav. But the impact of the policy on the everyday lives of ordinary citizens could also prove politically costly for India's leader. “If only a small portion of voters get irritated by this action, it could make or break an election.”
Among those willing to give Modi the benefit of the doubt is Parshuram, whose income has plummeted in recent weeks, forcing them to consider returning to their village. Yet they say they are willing to give the government until the end of the year. “How can you be against fighting black money?” they ask. “Poor people don't have black money.”
And what if things don't return to normal by then? “They have to. We can't survive if they don't.”
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A trio of aggressive beggars, including a man who threatened to bite someone's nose off after being told to move on, have been banned from Newcastle city centre.
In a landmark court ruling, Newcastle City Council has called on new powers from the Government for injunctions to bar three prolific beggars.
Martin Mattocks, Colin Martin and Lee Jackson Young have been banned from asking for money anywhere in the city centre.
A court heard Martin threatened to bite someone's nose off after being asked to move on from outside a business in the city.
Mattocks threatened a member of the public after being asked to move on from outside a bar, while Young threatened a member of the public who intervened after they were hassling a young woman for change.
The men have been told not to ask anyone asking for money, they have been banned from bringing sleeping bags into the city centre, and told they must not have any device inviting donations or to hold donations.
Measures have also been taken in a bid to stop the men from harassing or abusing anyone in the city centre.
If the men breach the orders they will be arrested and could face jail time.
Coun Nick Kemp, Newcastle City Council cabinet member for neighbourhoods and regulatory services, said: “We are minded of the huge pressures facing many of our vulnerable citizens caused by the Government's cuts in welfare spending and we are doing all that we possibly can to help shield them from the worst of these cuts.
“These men were persistent beggars who attracted scores of complaints of them behaving in an antisocial manner, so in the interests of the public the council has used new Government powers in this instance. We know from talking to city centre businesses and shoppers that beggars can have a negative impact on their trade and make them feel intimidated and fearful with their behaviour.
“However, we also appreciate that beggars can be extremely vulnerable.
“In many cases they are struggling with their own demons of drug and alcohol addictions, and mental health.
“We will discharge our duty of care to try to ensure that they get the accommodation and treatment they so often shun to try and stop them ending up begging on the streets again.”
Music Industry Is Painting A Target On YouTube Ripping Sites, Despite Their Many Non-Infringing Uses
from the targeting-tools-instead-of-infringement dept
Concentrated attacks on technology tools that can sometimes, but not always, be used for nefarious purposes have quite a long history, from Google and Wikipedia, to suing online sites like Craigslist over how users use the service. Even torrent technology itself, having become a four-letter-word that the content industry has managed to tether to copyright infringement, is nothing more than a tool with plenty of legitimate uses.
Well, it appears that the latest target in the music industry's crosshairs are sites that rip YouTube videos into MP3 format.
Last week the major record labels managed to take out YouTube-MP3, the largest ripping site of all. Still, there are many like it that continue business as usual. For many music industry insiders, who see streamripping as one of the largest piracy threats, this is a constant source of frustration. In the UK, music industry group BPI worked hard to tackle the issue proactively. Last year the organization already signed an agreement with YouTube-MP3 to block UK traffic. This limited the availability of the site locally, but the group believes that YouTube itself should take responsibility as well.
The crux of the plan, according to industry insiders, appears to be to get YouTube involved to block these sites from ripping its content into audio format. Between complaining that YouTube hasn't threatened enough legal action of its own and some rather silly complaints revolving around Google "steering" traffic to ripping sites via autocomplete on Google searches of all things, something of a full court press appears to be on. And, in one sense, it's understandable. Music groups that allow their music to be on YouTube look for the advertising revenue that comes along with it. One imagines that running a video through these ripping sites doesn't trigger that same ad revenue, otherwise nobody would be complaining.
But here's the thing: there are a ton of legitimate uses outside of the music business to use these sites. I use them all the time. I primarily use them for videos that are essentially speech-based content so I can listen to them on the go. History lectures, public debates, reviews: they're all on YouTube, they're all perfectly listenable in audio format, and none of the makers of that content are shouting about YouTube MP3 rips.
So what we're left with again is the content industries attacking a tool with legitimate uses simply because some percentage of the public uses it in a way they don't like.
Filed Under: copyright, ripping, streaming
Companies: bpi, youtube
In the past few weeks some of Canada's most respected economic authorities, including Bank of Canada Governor Mark Carney, have voiced concerns over the fragility of the recovery, globally and at home. Now Paul Krugman joins that chorus of Cassandras, pointing their finger straight at the wishful thinkers who say Canada's heavy lifting is done when it comes to economic recovery.
Speaking at a conference of lawyers, they reminded their audience that government balance sheets are only part of the problem going forward.
Household budgets are a bigger part of the economy, and re-balancing them will take a lot longer if governments prioritize putting their own fiscal house in order first. On this front, Krugman notes, Canadians have little reason to be sanguine about what happens next.
Though our labour market did not lose jobs for 27 long months as in the U.S., they remind us we have one of the worst debt to income ratios in the world.
In fact Canadians have the worst debt to income ratio of 20 OECD nations.
They went on to deliver this shocker: today Canada's household savings rate ($2.80 on every $100 dollars of household income) is less than half that of the U.S. ($6.40 on every $100). They said that's the first time this has occurred since the 1970s.
The message about how exposed Canadians are, and which balance sheets need to be balanced first, is one worth repeating. Indeed, we at the CCPA have been repeating it since last April, with the publication of Exposed: Revealing Truths About Canada's Recession. By any historic standard, this is no routine recession.
Here's a sobering factoid that takes Krugman's shocking comparison even further: You actually have to go back to 1938 to see Canadian household savings rates this low.
In 1992 (where we are now in the cycle, two years after the economic crisis began) the national savings rate stood at 13%. At that time the Bank of Canada's prime rate was 7.5%, the average 5-year mortgage commanded a 9.5% rate of interest, and a second decade of assault on middle class earnings was yet to begin in earnest.
That was then, this is now.
Interest rates are at historic lows, lower than even when the Bank of Canada was first put into place, in 1934. That means it is easier than ever to borrow and less attractive to save. But that ignores a bigger truth: it's getting harder to save, and not just for the poorest among us.
Unremitting increases in the costs of housing, education and transportation while incomes are stagnant (or worse) means it may take a long time for savings rates to climb.
Rising debt levels since the crisis began is one obvious indication of how hard this is going to be: In the fall of 2008, before the crisis hit, Canadians owed $1.40 owed on every dollar of disposable income. That broke all previous records. At last count (1st quarter of 2010), the average Canadian household owed $1.47 on every dollar they took in.
Krugman reminds us of what we all know: interest rates have nowhere to go but up. Indeed, it's a fine balancing act, leaving behind an era of easy money, and making ends meet.
Enter your search terms Submit search form
Borax or Baking Soda Rectifier and the glow. By Nyle Steiner K7NS 18 Oct 2003.
How To Observe The Glow From A Borax Or Baking Soda Rectifier.
Actual photo of the glow from two aluminum strips and the circuit for observing it. This setup is like two diodes back to back and draws very little current. The glow is produced on the reverse bias cycle of each rectifier. This is a circuit connected directly to the power mains. Use proper precautions. In the early days of amateur radio, the dc plate voltage power supply for the transmitter, was often made using homemade rectifiers. From what I have read, these rectifiers would usually consist of an aluminum and lead electrode in a jar of Twenty Mule Team Borax solution. Borax is another name for sodium tetraborate. The aluminum becomes the cathode after a forming process of applying some ac current through the rectifier. Often, many jars were used in order to accomodate high voltages. It has been reported from various sources, that these rectifiers would also emit a faint glow when in operation.
While experimenting with these rectifiers, I have found them to work quite well and I have been able to observe the glow. It was also easy to make full wave rectifiers using more than one rectifier in traditional full wave rectifier circuits.
A rectifier can be easily made by mixing borax or baking soda into a pint jar of water and inserting an aluminum strip and a strip of another metal. After a forming process of running ac current between the two electrodes, the aluminum electrode becomes the cathode and the other electrode becomes the anode.
It seems that aluminum is necessary for the cathode, but the anode can be just about anything that conducts electricity. The aluminum cathode can be a 3/8" wide strip cut from an aluminum pie plate. The anode can be lead, carbon, steel or stainless steel. Copper tends to make a bluish green mess and does not seem as desireable. I have found most types of anode materials to work the same but the differences may be a long term effect not easily observed in the course of my experiments.
In all of my experimenting, I have found that baking soda works the same as borax. The solution can be made by either mixing 1 tablespoon of baking soda into a pint of water or by mixing Twenty Mule Team Borax into a pint of water until no more dissolves. Also, this is the first set of experiments that I have ever done with solutions conducting electricity, where the solution has not turned some yucky dark color. The solution seems to stay reasonably clear.
As mentioned earlier, there is a faint glow associated with these borax (or baking soda) rectifiers that can be observed in a dark room. It seems that moderately high voltages are necessary in order to produce the glow. The glow is produced on the aluminum plate when it is at the positive (reverse bias) part of the cycle and minimum current is flowing. For those who know what they are doing and are comfortable doing this kind of thing, the glow can be easily observed by connecting a 75 watt incandescent lamp in series with the rectifier and 120 vac line voltage. When first connected to the 120 vac, the lamp turns on at full brilliance. After a few minutes, the rectifier forms and the light intensity dies down to half brilliance. The lamp is now running on dc (half wave rectified). At this time the glow can be observed on the aluminum electrode if the room is sufficiently dark.
A 75 watt lamp running even at half brilliance makes it difficult to darken the room adequately. I find it easier to observe the glow by using aluminum strips for both electrodes in the jar. This creates a situation of having two rectifiers back to back, allowing very little current to flow through the lamp. When connected to power for the first time, the 75 watt lamp lights up to full brilliance. The rectifying layer then start to form on the aluminum plates until after a few minutes, the lamp brilliance dies down to nothing. At this time, both aluminum strips will be glowing.
Where the electrodes contact the top surface of the liquid, tiny flashes can sometimes be observed in addition to the glow that covers the entire electrode. This condition seems to be more prevalent with the baking soda solution than with the borax solution.
You must do any experiments connected directly to the power mains, at your own risk. I don't recomend doing this experiment unless you are familiar with the hazards that exist. There are many who question the sanity of doing experiments that are connected directly to the power mains. Granted, this creates hazards, but if precautions and common sense are used, it is less hazrdous than driving to the grocery store or being a referee at your daughters soccer game. I believe it is totally acceptable for a conscientious person with common sense to conduct, with proper precautions, experiments that are connected directly to the power mains. I will offer some suggestions however, which I do not claim to be complete.
1. Treat all parts of the circuit as though they are a red hot heating element. Only touch when you are sure the circuit is disconnected (unplugged) from the power mains.
2. Never do these experiments with bare feet.
3. Keep all parts of the circuit far enough away from metallic objects to prevent inadvertent contact with them. Use a wood or formica table.
4. Do the experiments where you are not likely to touch any metallic objects or grounded metallic objects such as water faucets, sinks, telephones etc.
5. Avoid doing experiments in wet environments.
6. Never connect experiments to other equipment unless you really know what you are doing and can absolutely assure proper isolation.
7. When making necessary adjustments to an operating circuit, always strive to do it with one hand and don't touch anything else while doing it.
8. Never leave exposed circuits that are connected to the power mains, unattended.
Characteristics of Rectifier.
The rectifier tends to also act like a capacitor. The first picture from curve tracer, shows rectifier curve with very little plate area immersed in solution and little capacitance. The second picture from curve tracer, shows rectifier with more plate area immersed producing a lot more parallel capacitance. The third picture from oscilloscope, shows waveform when one rectifier is used for half wave rectification. The reverse breakdown voltage tends to adjust itself to a point slightly below the peak value of the applied ac voltage. This can be seen by the dip at the left of the curves and the small dip at the bottom of the half wave rectified waveform.
The oxide coating on the aluminum plate tends to form large capacitance values in parallel with the rectifier (up to many microfarads). The capacitance therefore can vary greatly, depending on how far the aluminum electrode is dipped into the solution and how long the rectifier has been forming. I have in fact, found it easy and practical to use one of these rectifier cells as a wide range variable electrolytic capacitor capable of controlling the frequency of an oscillator over a very wide range (see article on variable electrolytic capacitor).
Because of this large capacitance, there seems to be an optimum plate area associated with the aluminum plate. The curve trace on the second picture above shows a capacitance loop caused by the aluminum strip immersed well into the solution. The curve trace on the first picture is flat in the reverse direction because the aluminum strip was just slightly dipped into the solution.
This opens up another very fasciniting possibility. A cell with two adjustable aluminum plates (a variable capacitor) might very well be useable as an efficient light dimmer. With varying capacitance, no power is dissipated in the cell when creating a drop in voltage being applied to the lamp. I tried using a cell with two aluminum plates as a light dimmer. By lifting both aluminum plates out of the solution simultaneously, I could dim the 75 watt lamp to any desired brightness. The only problem is that as time goes on, the plates usually continue to form, and the overall maximum capacitance eventually drops to a value too low to supply adequate current to the lamp.
The forward voltage drop of these rectifiers seems to be about 5 volts.
The reverse breakdown voltage of these rectifiers tends to adjust itself to a point slightly below the peak of the applied voltage. When the ac voltage is increased, this breakdown value increases accordingly. When the ac voltage is decreased, this breakdown value decreases accordingly. This can be seen in the pictures above as downward dips in left portion of the curve from the curve tracer and at the bottom of the half wave rectified waveform.
Negative Resistance.
I have observed an interesting N type negative resistance effect that happens only when the tip of a very sharp aluminum electrode is just barely touching the top surface of the solution. The curve trace is shown below.
There is a bright but tiny orange glow at the point of contact but I don't believe it is the same phenomena that causes the rectifier glow because in this case, the glow happens when the aluminum is biased negative. With the rectifier, the glow is generated when the aluminum is positively biased.
This generates a lot of rf noise as the large misty area at the right part of the curve suggests. Having done just a little experimenting, I have not yet heard a real clear tone generated from this device but I can hear noise in a nearby am receiver up to the receiver's limit of 30 mhz.
Borax Solution Negative Resistance.
An interesting N type negative resistance effect that happens only when the tip of a very sharp aluminum electrode is just barely touching the top surface of the solution. This generates a lot of rf noise as the large misty area at the right part of the curve suggests.
The Monkeysphere Project is an open-source project to extend the web of trust found in GnuPG and OpenPGP to securely identify servers we connect to. It is designed as a potential solution to eliminate reliance on the certificate authorities found with SSL and make host key checking with OpenSSH much more convenient.
Script Installation
The following instructions were written for Ubuntu 10.04 and may not work on other platforms or versions. If you would like to see additional coverage, please add it yourself or make a request on the wiki's wanted page.
Add the Monkeysphere APT repository to /etc/apt/sources.list .
echo 'deb http://archive.monkeysphere.info/debian experimental monkeysphere deb-src http://archive.monkeysphere.info/debian experimental monkeysphere' | sudo tee -a /etc/apt/sources.list
Then trust the Monkeysphere key after verification.
Now make sure that apt is up to date, install the Monkeysphere packages, and configure Monkeysphere to run.
$ sudo apt-get update $ sudo apt-get install monkeysphere monkeysphere-validation-agent $ echo 'USE_VALIDATION_AGENT=true' >> ~/.monkeysphere/monkeysphere.conf
Browser Plugin Installation
Next, download, compile and install the browser plugin with git.
$ git clone git://git.monkeysphere.info/xul-ext-monkeysphere $ cd xul-ext-monkeysphere $ make
To install the plugin, open the .xul file in your browser and choose the installation option.
Lastly, log out and log back in to have the Monkeysphere validation agent launch automatically.
To test, try navigating to https://vtluug.org without the self-signed certificate trusted. A monkey icon in the bottom left should spin as the trust is checked. Eventually, the certificate warning page should be bypassed if the certificate can be authenticated through the web of trust. Otherwise, the monkey face will be crossed out with red.
First, a little background
Django has an excellent messages framework which provides support for cookie and session-based messaging, for both anonymous and authenticated users.
The messages framework allows you to temporarily store messages in one request, and retrieve them for display in a subsequent request (usually the next one). Every message is tagged with a specific level determining its priority (e.g. success, info, error).
For example, in a view you can send a message:
from django.contrib import messages messages.success(request, "Profile details updated.")
Then in the template you can display it, for example:
{% for message in messages %} <li class="{{ message.tags }}">{{ message }}</li> {% endfor %}
The Django admin interface displays messages in bar type fashion. I liked this implementation and copied it for the TurnKey Hub, with the added visual tweak of fading out the message bar after timeout (or when clicked).
It's simple, minimal, and has worked well until now. But our needs are changing as the Hub is evolving. We need more flexibility and power.
Our current implementation falls short in the following:
Messages can't be specified as sticky (so they don't auto-close).
Can't be programmatically created and closed for use via AJAX.
Moves the whole page down, then up again (a little annoying).
Limited space for the message text.
They don't stack well (multiple messages).
And finally, they look OK, but we can do better...
Growl type notifications
As far as I know, Growl first appeared in Max OS X as a global notification system allowing applications to display small notifications about events to the user in a consistent manner.
Ubuntu then created their own implementation deemed Notifications, indicators and alerts for 9.04. It's useful and looks great, and I wanted to have something similar in the Hub.
It turns out that Eric Hynds did some great work on this exact topic (see the demo), which made it super simple for us to transition over to growl type notifications and solve all our issues with the current implementation.
With a couple of template tags and tweaks here and there, we can now send regular notification that auto-expire, are sticky so the user needs to take action, as well as super sticky where the user can't close the notification.
Auto expire vs. sticky notification
You might be wondering how we differentiate between regular auto-expiring and sticky notifications. It's actually quite simple.
The Django messages framework allows extra adhoc tags to be specified when creating the message, for example:
from django.contrib import messages messages.success(request, "Profile details updated.", extra_tags="sticky")
A custom template tag filter will parse the tags, and set the notification expire argument accordingly.
Another bonus was a minor tweak to notify.js to automatically hide the close-link 'x' on expiring notifications, indicating to the user that no action is needed.
An example of super sticky notifications vs. our old implementation
One of the services provided by the Hub is the front-end interface to TurnKey Backup and Migration (TKLBAM) - the easiest, most powerful automated backup/restore system. Ever.
It provides efficient system-level backups that can be restored automatically on any installation of the same virtual appliance, regardless of the underlying hardware or location.
Anyway, TKLBAM's default storage backend is Amazon S3, providing ultra-durable encrypted cloud storage. When enabling TKLBAM's cloud storage on Amazon, there is sometimes an unspecified delay until Amazon verify the users payment details. For this we execute a background task polling Amazon's licensing API.
While the task is running, we use AJAX to check the status of the task and update the user accordingly.
Our old implementation was to hide/show pre-configured div's (acting as poorman notifications). It worked, but it's a complex kludge and doesn't provide a unified user-experience.
We replaced this kludge by programmically creating a super sticky notification (which the user cannot close), and when Amazon complete their vetting process, a successful notification is displayed and the super sticky notification is closed.
Note: the new notification code will be pushed to production when the Hub is taken out of beta (really really soon!)
About This Game
OVERVIEW
STORYLINE
GAMEPLAY
In the Standard mode, the outcome depends entirely on your creativity and ability to solve logical problems. You will suffer the consequences of your own actions.
mode, the outcome depends entirely on your creativity and ability to solve logical problems. You will suffer the consequences of your own actions. In the Story mode, your attorney will advise you as you progress along, commenting on your decisions and choices, preventing you from acting in a way that might prove to be harmful in the eyes of the court.
VOICE ACTING
is a narrative-driven courtroom drama, offering players almost unlimited possibilities of solving the lawsuit, thanks to the complete integration of gameplay and narrated story. It is also the first law-themed game made byWelcome to Paris of the late 19th century. The aftermath of the Great Revolution offered a new start for each and every citizen, regardless of social class. Alfred Ethon, a young inventor of Gypsy origin, benefits from the change, becoming a symbol of success thanks to their hard work and innovative projects, well ahead of their time.Soon, a young woman is brutally murdered - a maid working for an impoverished Lord, a relic of the old French regime. Is Alfred Ethon to be blamed for the murder? The evidence points towards him... But you can change that.As you stand before the court, all you can count on is your own intellect and creativity. But how does that look in practice?The story is set within two time frames. In the present, you find yourself locked up in the courtroom. You're getting acquainted with the evidence, witness testimony and questions posed by the Judge. Each question triggers a flashback - and begins your testimony. During the flashback you find yourself in a Parisian district, with each of your decisions, interactions and action affecting Alfred Ethons' testimony and the final verdict.To help you in your testimony, you'll have access to all the evidence gathered on the case - expert opinions, reports and witness testimonies. Each of them can be (but doesn't have to be!) refuted in a number of different ways.In themenu you can familiarize yourself with testimonies of witnesses, forensic expertises, physical evidences, etc. They are grouped into appropriate categories, making them easy to find.A neighbor testified that at approximately 10 p.m. they passed you in the entrance of the tenement house, noticing that your clothes were covered in blood? Try testifying that your neighbor lies and prove that they have a reason to do so. Or maybe you'll get into a bar fight just a few minutes before, so that you can testify that the blood the neighbor saw was yours, and not the victim's? Or maybe you will cut yourself while shaving, covering your clothes with blood that the neighbor sees later? But what if the court finds your time of shaving conspicuous and torments you with even more questions? How will you get out of this?With a wide range of possibilities that can lead to several standard endings and one additional hidden one, the game doesn't consider any path "a bad one", ensuring that each playthrough will be different.The main character of the game is played and dubbed by a world-class film and voice actor,Stephane Cornicard studied in France, at the prestigious Colby College in the US, and at Goldsmith College in the UK. They played in numerous blockbusters such as “Spectre,” the most recent Bond film, or Steven Spielberg's “Saving Private Ryan”.His career as a voice actor is no less impressive and includes Syphon Filter, Primal, Metal Gear Solid, and the Dragon Age and Total War series. They currently teach drama at the Actor's Centre in London.
An art gallery owner in St. Petersburg, Florida, and Starbucks have resolved their differences after they were barred from all the coffee chain's locations for causing a "disruption" when he'd ask customers at one Tampa store to stop illegally parking in a spot reserved for people with disabilities.
Rob Rowen said he'd stop by this particular Starbucks in Tampa almost daily. Their go-to order was a decaf non-fat mocha with whipped cream.
"All the baristas know me," Rowen, 62, told ABC News.
Rowen said the Starbucks has about 20 spots with just one accessible parking spot. And when he'd see customers illegally park in the spot reserved for people with disabilities, he'd confront them, and nicely ask them to move, they said.
How Much More Starbucks Customers Will Pay Each Year With Today's Price Hike
How Starbucks Addicts Are Bracing for the Coffee Price Hike
For Rowen, standing up for people with disabilities hits close to home -- their son-in-law has muscular dystrophy and uses a power wheelchair, they said.
"People need that spot," Rowen said, adding that they never raised their voice to patrons.
According to Rowen, some customers would agree and move, but others complained to the Starbucks manager that they were harassing them for using the spot.
"Instead of the manager supporting me ... instead of saying... 'I'm not going to take your order until you move your car,' they [the manager] would take care of them [the customers] and then tell me to leave them alone," they said.
About three months ago, according to Rowen, the manager told him, "'I don't want you harassing my customers. I don't want you to come back in this store ever.'"
Right after that interaction, Rowen said the manager walked away, and a barista came over to them and said, "'I'm so sorry, this is on me. Thank you for what you do.'" They said other baristas and some patrons have thanked him, too.
After the confrontation with the manager, Rowen said they "left it alone. Until I got a letter Thursday from a Starbucks local manger."
The letter, according to a copy Rowen sent to ABC News, says: "you have been expelled from Starbucks Coffee Company's locations." The reasons were listed as "causing disruption to business" and "threatening the well-being of a customer or partner (employee)."
The letter adds: "This expulsion notice is permanent."
Starbucks spokesperson Jim Olson told ABC News via email: "We understand Mr. Rowen's concerns. We have been speaking with them about this and our leaders continue to try and reach out to them to resolve this matter. Starbucks is also working with the landlord of the property where this store is located to improve the parking situation. It is our goal to provide a warm, friendly and positive experience for all of our customers."
"I was shocked," Rowen said, but they also said he's "glad this is happening," because he's seen the problem at other places, too. Rowen said they hope the coffee chain's letter will spread awareness of the lack of resources for people with disabilities.
Rowen also said they would abide by the ban.
"I'm not going to go into a Starbucks," they said. "It's not about me and Starbucks. The ban, I don't care. ... What I want them to do is take it seriously."
Olson said Sunday evening that they will do just that, and that after a discussion between Rowen and a regional executive today, they have "resolved the matter."
"Mr. Rowen is welcome at any of our stores and we will work with them to improve the parking situation at this store and create better awareness and understanding of of the parking issue," Olson told ABC News Sunday evening.
Bullies DO enjoy seeing other people in pain, scientists say
Harsh: Brain scans of teens who have bullied show they feel pleasure from seeing others in pain (file picture)
Brain scans of teens with a history of aggressive bullying behavior suggest that they may actually get pleasure out of seeing someone else in pain, U.S. researchers said.
While this may come as little surprise to those who have been victimised by bullies, it is not what the researchers expected, Benjamin Lahey of the University of Chicago, who worked on the study, said.
'The reason we were surprised is the prevailing view is these kids are cold and unemotional in their aggression,' said Lahey, whose study appears in the journal Biological Psychology.
'This is looking like maybe they care very much,' said Lahey, who worked on the study with Jean Decety, also of the University of Chicago.
The researchers compared eight boys aged 16 to 18 with aggressive conduct disorder to a group of eight adolescent boys with no unusual signs of aggression.
The boys with the conduct disorder had exhibited disruptive behavior such as starting a fight, using a weapon and stealing after confronting a victim.
They showed both groups video clips of someone inflicting pain on another person and tracked brain activity with a type of imaging called functional magnetic resonance imaging, or fMRI.
In the aggressive teens, areas of the brain linked with feeling rewarded - the amygdala and ventral striatum - became very active when they observed pain being inflicted on others.
But they showed little activity in an area of the brain involved in self-regulation - the medial prefrontal cortex and the temporoparietal junction - as was seen in the control group.
'It is entirely possible their brains are lighting in the way they are because they experience seeing pain in others as exciting and fun and pleasurable,' Lahey said.
'We need to test that hypothesis more, but that is what it looks like,' they said.
Lahey said the differences between the two groups were strong and striking, but cautioned that the study was small and needs to be confirmed by a larger study.
NRA spokesperson Dana Loesch used part of their speech at the Values Voter Summit today to go on a bizarre rant about feminism, declaring that “feminism exists to subjugate men” but that it is now “dead as a doornail.”
“We are in a post-feminist era,” they said. “Feminism is dead. It is dead as a doornail, it is dead. Feminism is dead.”
Saying that “third-wave feminism has betrayed” women, men, children and “our culture,” Loesch claimed, “Third-wave feminism exists to subjugate men, period. They have replaced the patriarchy with the matriarchy, and they are not a good master.”
“Third-wave feminism says it empowers women—empowers them by convincing women to commit genocide against the female sex in utero,” they said.
They added that “men are wonderful and they are unappreciated, and you know, you can mansplain all you want to because we womansplain enough.”
(Note, the video skips at one point during Loesch's remarks; the skip existed in the original C-SPAN feed.)
What Happened (in Rochester)
Rachel Barnhart Blocked Unblock Follow Sep 14, 2017
I knocked on the door of a woman in Charlotte. They listened to my pitch politely and said, “Sometimes change is scary, you know?”
“No matter who is mayor, the streets will be plowed and the trash will be picked up,” I responded. “This election is about moving our city into the future. It's about enacting ethics reform at City Hall. It's about tackling poverty and growing our economy.”
As I walked away, I knew my arguments didn't resonate with this voter. They believed the city was running just fine. There was no need to rock the boat.
It turns out, a large majority of voters agreed with them
James Sheppard and I ran campaigns based on the assumption that voters were fed up with Lovely Warren's well-documented ethical lapses and leadership stumbles. Several polls showed their approval ratings among city Democrats below 50 percent. They were vulnerable.
Sheppard and I were terribly wrong.
A couple things happened during the campaign that helped Warren tremendously.
Media
Local media coverage was severely lacking. It focused largely on controversies, not issues and record.
Reporters gave Warren a pass on their history of ethical problems. My ethics complaint regarding Warren's use of city property to help friends and corporations did get decent coverage. The media also rightly lambasted them for falsely claiming they created and retained 30,000 jobs.
But Warren's ethical lapses are much more extensive. The Democrat and Chronicle never did a story on Warren's overall record, which would have mentioned the Rochester Housing Authority scandal, bulldozing of a homeless tent village and security detail fiasco. It's also part of the record that Warren hates media scrutiny, most recently accusing a radio host of having an agenda.
Reporters didn't grasp the seriousness of Warren's campaign finance violations, which included using their political action committee as a piggy bank. The D&C has refused to report on the PAC's spending or quote experts saying they could face criminal charges. A downstate media organization reported on the problems, which worsened with a subsequent filing. I believe there's a possibility Warren will not finish their second term as a result of this conduct.
The media largely didn't cover issues. Coverage of the Parcel 5 debacle was decent. My press conferences on childcare and broadband internet got little or no play. The D&C did good stories on education, ethics and the heroin crisis, but not economic development or housing. The paper never produced a chart comparing the candidates' positions and platforms. Instead, it pushed readers to candidate websites.
There are four television stations. Combined, they only did a few issues-based stories on the mayoral race. That's astonishing.
The Democrat and Chronicle editorial board opted not to endorse a candidate. The D&C wrote glowing things about all of us, instead of doing a critical analysis. City Newspaper endorsed Warren with only a passing mention of one controversy — Parcel 5. The alternative weekly even put their picture exclusively on the front cover. It played like a huge ad for them candidacy.
When media coverage is lacking, money has more influence over campaigns. Warren spent hundreds of thousands of dollars on TV ads, billboards and mailers touting dubious accomplishments. There was very little to counter and balance this information.
Silence
Local leaders and institutions stayed out of the mayoral race. The Chamber of Commerce, Rochester Teachers Association and Rochester Police Locust Club didn't endorse a candidate. Governor Andrew Cuomo, Assemblymen Joe Morelle and Harry Bronson, and Rep. Louise Slaughter said nothing. Silence speaks volumes, but the community deserved to know why Warren didn't get their backing. They turned their back on a sitting mayor for a reason.
Debate
Warren's illness canceled the first two debates. We ended up with only one televised debate that wasn't in primetime and very late in the race. Debates were very important to my campaign, as I tend to outperform my opponents on the stage. (Watch videos of neighborhood forums.) Many people simply didn't watch the sole debate. That was unfortunate, because Warren refused to answer questions about their campaign finance problems. They also made a huge misstep by shaming me over a $35 unpaid water bill. It was a window into their character.
Viability Issue
From the start, my campaign suffered from the perception we were not viable. We struggled to raise funds. Hundreds of people gave us small donations, but the big money stayed away. Some potential donors said Warren would retaliate if they gave us cash. Meanwhile, Sheppard was raking in money, benefiting from the perception they could beat Warren. They also had access to the Tom Richards establishment crowd and union funds.
As the progressive reformer, I was all alone.
Sheppard
I told Councilwoman Molly Clifford last November that Sheppard wasn't a viable candidate. I told them their negatives among African Americans were sky high because of their policing record. They told me they were committed to him. I told them I was likely running for mayor, anyway. I never heard from them again.
Outside poll conducted April 28 to May 2
We had data to back up our assertion that Sheppard couldn't win. Polling showed Warren and I clobbering them in one-on-one scenarios. Things looked ugly for me in a three-way scenario. I was generally the second choice for Sheppard voters and Warren voters, which put me in last place. We felt a three-way race could be doable, if Warren's numbers went down further. The bar I needed to clear would be lower.
In order to damage Warren, we needed a couple things to happen. We needed Sheppard to get the Democratic designation, which would have allowed people to abandon Warren. We also needed Sheppard and Warren to beat each other up.
Neither of those things happened, because Sheppard was a terrible candidate. We needed them to perform better than they did. Despite spending $300,000, Sheppard started and ended their campaign below 25 percent. They aren't able to take any votes from Warren. Sheppard was so ineffective, they may have bolstered Warren's support.
Internal poll conducted Aug. 21 to 24
We did a poll a few weeks ago that showed Sheppard and I would lose by double digits, even if all of the undecided voters went to us. But Warren was still below 50 percent. There was a chance to defeat them if we combined forces. We reached out to their campaign. We felt I was the more effective candidate, as I'd spent so little money and still had a base of support. I also didn't have Sheppard's baggage and handily beat them in a one-on-one scenario. Let me have a clear shot now and let Sheppard have one in November. After all, don't we agree Warren is a bigger problem than either of us winning? They refused to even meet with us.
I would have loved a heads-up race between me and Warren.
Strategic voting
Voters had no idea Sheppard was dead on arrival. Polling data was never released. The media barely reported on their policing record and their problems in the African American community. Their base wanted Warren gone, and believed only they were capable of achieving that goal.
Sheppard pushed this notion, even declaring me not a “legitimate candidate.”
Sheppard's voters started to get a clue after the televised debate. They told me I won the debate. But they were worried a vote for me was a vote for Warren.
There were also people terrified Sheppard would win. They thought a vote for me was a vote for Sheppard.
In the final days, I asked people to vote their conscience. I knew it didn't matter anymore.
Don't Knock Voters
There's no question Sheppard and I had problems with our campaigns. Sheppard had no message and a bad record. I had problems with fundraising and organizing. My proposal on property taxes fell flat. Critics could say my lack of experience doomed my candidacy, but the results show I held my own with Sheppard, who ran on their management skills. Polling also showed I would have destroyed them in a heads-up race.
My opponents were advertising on TV and bombing mailboxes all summer. They spent hundreds of thousands of dollars. We raised about $50,000 and sent out only a few targeted mailers the final week. I got 3,100 votes by primarily making calls and knocking on doors, meaning I was an effective candidate. (Aside: We need campaign finance reform. All candidates should get the same amount of money.)
Even if everything had gone my way or Sheppard's way, Warren would have won. They may not have won with such a huge margin, but they would have won. They sounded very impressive and projected a positive, accomplished image. The prospect of change was scarier than another Warren term filled with poor judgment and ethical problems.
Voters knew what they were doing. They wanted stability. They saw progress downtown. Warren has a passionate base that views them as a role model and excellent leader. Many white voters valued their level of support among African Americans. Nearly two-thirds of those who cast ballots felt Warren was at least doing a capable job.
All of our mayors have kept the city running. I wanted to do more.
After I cast my ballot on Tuesday, I walked home. I looked at my phone and saw a tweet from a supporter, “First local election where I believe there's hope.” I fought back tears and smiled. I loved this campaign. I loved fighting for this city's future. I won't stop.
'We are open to all families': IKEA provokes outrage in Italy after creating advert with gay couple holding hands
This is the latest gay themed advert from furniture giants IKEA which has appeared on billboards across traditionally Catholic Italy - with surprisingly no outrage.
Swedish based IKEA is no stranger to gay adverts and has run several campaigns in the past - some of which have had to be pulled after complaints from the public.
The advert shows two men holding hands with the slogan reading: 'We are open to all families.' It adds:'With us you will feel at home. What we want to do is make life easier for everyone, every family, every couple, whoever they are.'
It has been used extensively to promote the opening of the latest IKEA store in Italy at Catania, on the island of Sicily, known for its deeply religious Catholic traditions.
The billboard made for Italy, says 'We are open to all families', showing a gay couple holding hands but has caused outrage in the Catholic country
Il Giornale, the newspaper owned by ruling prime minister Silvio Berlusconi, who has promoted themselves as a defender of family values despite their involvement in a series of sex scandals has condemned the advert.
It labelled it as ''provocative'' and added:''What's behind all this? It's not awareness of gay rights for gay couples. It's just a brazen marketing strategy.'
Il Giornale, the newspaper owned by PM Silvio Berlusconi, has condemned the advert
The paper went on to say that it was ''not an isolated incident'' but a clear attempt at ''Swedish Imperialism'' that tried to make everyone equal by having the same ''cheap furniture.''
Il Giornale added:'One has to ask what is the point of such a campaign by IKEA in Catania - it's obvious that they are just trying to get themselves talked about.'
Berlusconi and their ruling People of Freedom Party have long championed family values and aligned themselves with the all-powerful Catholic Church which condemns homosexuality and same-sex relationships.
Il Giornale's website was inundated with outraged comments protesting at what they called a ''shock campaign'' but gay rights campaigners in Italy welcomed the advert.
Blog Queer Italy said:'Nothing can be more indigestible for our bigots and homophobes who cannot bear to read the word family with the words same sex.
‘We like this advert and we welcome it - maybe some others will follow on from this campaign and look forward progressively and modernly, instead of backwards to the Middle Ages.'
In 1994 IKEA caused controversy when it launched its first gay themed advert which featured a male couple shopping for a dining room table together.
The two middle-aged men, who finish each other's sentences, say ''a leaf means commitment.'' At the end, one says, ‘We've got another leaf waiting for when we REALLY start getting along' which was seen as an implication of having children.
The IKEA ad disappeared only a few weeks after it began when the retailer got a bomb threat at a store from conservatives, along with calls for a boycott.
In 2007, IKEA ran an ad campaign titled 'Living Room,' which aired across Europe and it featured a series of families in different living rooms, ending with a mixed race gay male couple and their daughter, and the voiceover:''Why shouldn't sofas come in
flavours, just like families?'' The regional council in Sicily has welcomed the opening of the IKEA store in Catania as it has created 308 new jobs and more than 20,000 people visited it on the first day.
Volker Bouffier has always portrayed themselves as the last true conservative in Germany's center-right Christian Democratic Union (CDU). Bouffier is the governor of Hesse, the western German state where Germany's financial capital Frankfurt is located, and is known for raging against gay marriage, multiculturalism and school reforms. On questions of monetary policy, they have always been a champion of traditional German virtues. "The European Central Bank cannot become an institution that compensates for the failures of individual government budgets, such as Italy's," they said recently. "That isn't part of its mandate."
But on Monday of last week, Bouffier seemed to be a changed man. They had invited Jens Weidmann, 44, president of the German central bank, the Bundesbank, to a meeting at the Hesse state chancellery. For weeks, Weidmann had sharply opposed the ECB's plans to buy up large quantities of Italian and Spanish sovereign debt. In the meeting with Bouffier and their cabinet, Weidmann had just reiterated their position in the ongoing dispute with ECB President Mario Draghi when Bouffier, to the surprise of everyone in attendance, announced their new priorities. Apparently, the values of Southern European bonds on the balance sheets of Frankfurt banks are now more important than their conservative values.
Of course they still supported stable prices, Bouffier said, but noted that the mood in financial markets had become extremely fragile. And despite their characterization of the ECB's debt-buying plans as sinful, they said that there were no longer any alternatives to massive intervention by the central bank. "The political tools have been exhausted," Bouffier said.
The Bundesbank president is becoming increasingly isolated, and not just in provincial German politics.
'Addictive Like a Drug'
A powerful phalanx of key statesmen, from US President Barack Obama to French President François Hollande and British Prime Minister David Cameron, have long called upon Weidmann to finally abandon their resistance to the increased use of the ECB's "big bazooka." Now even some of Weidmann's former allies are turning their backs on him. Recently, Germany's powerful private banks have come out in support of Draghi, as have Weidmann's fellow ECB Governing Council member Jörg Asmussen and a majority of monetary policy experts in Northern Europe.
The head of the Bundesbank has now decided that the best form of defense is attack. In an interview with SPIEGEL, Weidmann explained why they believe the approach taken by European leaders is wrong. "We shouldn't underestimate the danger that central bank financing can become addictive like a drug," they say.
Of course, Bundesbank opposition is not expected to stand in the way of the Draghi plan. The EU treaties are being violated once again. Two years ago, during the course of the Greek crisis, European governments suspended the principle that no member of the euro zone could guarantee the debts of another member state. Now a similarly fundamental principle is up for renegotiation: the prohibition on national budgets being financed with the help of the ECB.
The risks are considerable. If Draghi's proposal prevails, Europe's central bankers could lose control over the money supply in the medium term, which in turn could lead to substantial inflation. Southern European governments could misinterpret this as a signal that they can obtain cheap money without instituting painful reforms after all. German taxpayers would be saddled with additional billions in risk without having any say in the matter.
Feelings of Desperation
But those European politicians who are determined to rescue the euro have been ignoring democratic principles for a long time. They are feeling desperate because, after 17 monetary summits, they still haven't been able to stop the crisis. And now they are pleased to see Draghi doing the work for them.
The purchase of government bonds sounds technical and harmless, and yet the weapon with which Europe's top monetary policy experts are now going into battle is essentially no different from the euro bonds that German Chancellor Angela Merkel famously said they will oppose as long as they live. Not surprisingly, Merkel's take on the Draghi proposal is characterized by their typical doublespeak. At home, their advisers insist that it's a good thing that someone is upholding the principles of the Bundesbank. In Brussels, on the other hand, Merkel indicates that the Draghi plan enjoys their full support.
But the two positions will in reality be incompatible if the euro crisis continues to escalate. Weidmann wants the monetary union to be able to force crisis-ridden countries to withdraw from the euro zone if there is no other way to ensure monetary stability. Merkel, on the other hand, wants to preserve the monetary union at all costs, even if this means inflation and financial crashes.
Now Weidmann is even losing the chancellor as an ally, even though they served as Merkel's economic adviser for five years.
The Talking Paperclip
When Merkel appeared before the press at financial summits or to discuss monetary issues, Weidmann, as their adviser, always stood in the background, a thin, youthful-looking man with their brown briefcase wedged under their arm. As an adviser, they were exactly what they wanted: quick-witted, discreet and loyal to the point of self-denial.
Weidmann, who holds a doctorate in economics, spoke only when they were asked. And when they did state their position at length in off-the-record conversations, they had no trouble coming up with even more tedious wording than their boss. Journalists nicknamed them the "talking paperclip."
Given their nature and reputation, observers were convinced that Weidmann would prove to be even more flexible in their new position than their predecessors. Previous Bundesbank chief Axel Weber, for example, had resigned over their opposition to bond purchases, and ECB chief economist Jürgen Stark followed suit shortly after Weidmann came into office.
It was all the more surprising that the new Bundesbank president was soon openly championing Germany's positions even more staunchly than their predecessors. Whereas Weber and Stark tended to keep their criticism to themselves, Weidmann, in speeches, op-ed pieces and interviews, warned of the dangers of a misguided euro crisis policy. They were regularly outvoted in the ECB's Governing Council. Nevertheless, ECB President Draghi soon realized that it would be foolish to ignore Weidmann's most powerful weapon: the deep-seated and well-founded mistrust that always takes hold in the population when politicians push for banks to start printing money.
When Draghi talked of a possible new bond buying program a few weeks ago, Weidmann's resistance was to be predicted. In light of rising interest rates for Spanish and Italian bonds, Draghi felt the need to send a strong signal to the markets. Without consulting with their colleagues on the ECB Governing Council first, they announced, during a speech in London at the end of July, that the ECB would do everything in its power to save the euro. "And believe me, it will be enough," they added cheerfully.
Buying Time
Draghi explained their plans in more detail soon afterwards. Unlike earlier cases, they said, the bond purchases would be tied to conditions. Only those countries that had applied for assistance from the European bailout fund and were prepared to commit to reforms could expect assistance.
This was Draghi's way of accommodating their critics, to the delight of the government in Berlin. According to government insiders in Berlin, Merkel and German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schäuble characterized the Italian economist's plan as "important and valuable" and felt that Draghi's announcement alone had already had an effect. Indeed, since Draghi's London speech the risk premiums on Spanish and Italian government bonds have declined considerably.
With their strategy, the ECB chief is mainly buying time. Members of Merkel's and Schäuble's staffs appear to accept Weidmann's notorious opposition to Draghi with a shrug. At the Chancellery, where the young Bundesbank president used to work, there has even been malicious talk of "fundamentalists." In the Finance Ministry, too, Weidmann is increasingly regarded as a troublemaker. "Some people interpret the ECB's mandate more narrowly. Others interpret it a bit more broadly," says a senior Finance Ministry official, with a trace of fatalism in their voice.
Privately, Chancellor Merkel also has little sympathy for the intransigence of their former adviser. Merkel apparently feels that Weidmann and their staff shouldn't be making such a fuss.
It's a classic conflict over a cheap money policy. The government wants to use the medicine as quickly as possible, because it's easy to get. The Bundesbank, on the other hand, sees the risks and side effects and warns against writing the prescription in the first place. From the Bundesbank's perspective, the most important objective of a central bank is to maintain price stability. By buying up government bonds to force down their yields, they are intervening in fiscal policy, a classic role of government.
Fatal Consequences
The consequences can be fatal. With its bond purchases, the ECB is flooding the markets with money. If it doesn't claw back the money elsewhere, it continues to inflate the money supply. Experience and theory have shown that the injection of funds into the markets could eventually lead to rising prices -- in other words, inflation, which central bankers are required by law to prevent.
Weidmann also suspects that the ECB indirectly contributes to funding the national budgets of crisis-ridden countries, which it is prohibited from doing under the European Union treaties. Although the ECB is not lending money directly to governments, its policy "is too close to state financing via the money press for me," says Weidmann. With their comment, they are articulating the fear that the crisis-hit countries will exploit the bond-buying program to constantly issue new debt.
In addition, the bond buying reduces pressure on governments to institute reforms. That's something that the ECB's bankers learned a year ago, when they bought large numbers of Italian government bonds, only to look on as the government of then Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi promptly put its reform efforts on ice.
To prevent this, Draghi now wants to ensure that future bond purchases are subject to strict conditions. But this makes the ECB even more dependent on the political world, because it prevents it from intervening in the future when it sees fit. Instead, it will have to wait until politicians have created the necessary preconditions.
This raises new questions. For instance, will the ECB even have the option of refusing assistance? And how will it justify buying one country's bonds at an interest rate of 7 percent while it buys those of another at just 5 percent?
Saskatoon Police have charged a man with robbery with violence after they allegedly stole a cab early on Christmas Eve.
A driver for Comfort Cab called police just before 2 a.m.
They told police an intoxicated man punched the driver in the face, then forced them out of their cab at Arthur Rose Avenue and Wanuskewin Road.
The man then drove the cab north on Wanuskewin Road, said police, leaving the cabbie standing on the side of the road while temperatures plunged to -27 C according to Environment Canada.
Police found the cab at Cathedral Bluffs just north of Saskatoon and the suspect was discovered in a house nearby.
A woman was also in the cab at the time of the incident.
Police said the investigation is continuing.
The suspect is being held in SPS Detention Centre until they can be placed before a Justice of the Peace later in the evening.
With interior designing of homes being given so much emphasis, people are taking extra care to decorate each room/corner of their home in quite a unique way. From themes to color combinations, to home furnishing items each and everything that is to become the part of the modern homes is taken extra care of.
With kitchen essentials, living room, bathroom, bedrooms and every corner of the home given special attention, kids room are no exception. Yes, you heard it right! Kids now a days are asking their parents for their rooms, not just that its becoming the choice of kids to get their own room parents too are buying, remodelling their homes keeping kids room in mind.
Having a room for kids does not suffice. Children are asking their parents to make their home themed as per their choice of characters. Choices of themes vary from child to child. Kids are opting for their favorite game, superheroes and likewise as the theme of their room. From colors to furniture, furnishings and theme, kids now a days are participating in making a choice.
Why not give your kids' room a special attention and make it according to their choice. After all, everyone of us wants our kid to be happy and smiling. If decorating their room as per their choice gives them that happiness, its definitely worth it.
No matter how many gaming applications are being added to the mobile phones or video games are made available on laptops/desktops, some games are and will remain the favorites. Mario for example is one game that we believe every kid has played and loves playing.
If your child is the fan of world famous Mario and wishes to get the room decorated keeping Mario theme in mind, its certain that your have already made plans to get it done. Isn't it? Now, this is what we have in store for you all today. If you are seeking some inspiration on getting your child's room get Mario theme, here's a wonderful compilation of Mario themed kids room ideas that you can definitely go for. Take a look!
I loved each and every image pinned here and I am sure you all share the same feeling. Seeing your Mario-themed kids room will definitely make you go nostalgic. I am sure you all too have played this much loved game. Guys believe me, if your kid loves Mario and is just crazy for it, surprise them with the Mario-theme decoration. The smile that you will get to see on your kid's face would definitely be worth it!
On a visit to India a while back I came upon a fenced empty field that was practically buried in flimsy white throwaway plastic bags, the kind you carry your purchases home in from the store. The locals joked that this was “the garden where plastic bags grew.”
But when I returned to India last month, I was pleasantly surprised to find that now when you shop in New Delhi, no store will give you a plastic bag for your purchases. They're illegal there, as well as in many other Indian cities and states.
That puts India well ahead of most of the world when it comes to this particular ecological issue. Most everywhere in the U.S., for instance, the throwaway plastic bag remains the ubiquitous way people haul their stuff home from the local store. But those bags never biodegrade into anything that nature can use again.
Worse, the vast majority of such single-use plastic items never get recycled, and even “degradable” plastics may not degrade all that well. On top of that, product life-cycle assessments, which are on the verge of becoming more commonly available and used in the marketplace, do not include either litter or biodegradability as factors.
The news on once-promising plastic alternatives is not so encouraging.
The news on some once-promising plastic alternatives is not so encouraging. A review published last month in Environmental Science and Technology by a group of scientists — one at the polymer science division of the Indian Institute of Technology — finds that “degradablepolyethylenes,“ used in one type of “recyclable” plastic bags, do not really disintegrate back into nature. The polyethylenes in the plastic bags studied are made by adding metals like iron and cobalt to the mix of ethylene polymers, to speed up their oxidation. But while such hybrid plastic bags once discarded do, indeed, break into fragments relatively quickly, those shreds seem to persist for a long time. No one knows just how long — the number of long-term studies is zero.
Perhaps the most dramatic example of how oil and water don't mix can be found in the middle of the planet's great oceans and seas in the form of litter gyres, rotating currents laden with countless bits of floating debris, mainly plastic and Styrofoam, all of which were pushed to the middle of these great bodies of water by the currents that circle them.
While the so-called Eastern Garbage Patch at the center of the Pacific has received the most media attention, every great sea now has such a gyre, a rotating ring laden with plastics. The plastic in a gyre eventually breaks down into small bits, called nurdles, which never mix with water. Marine life at the heart of a gyre, reportedly, can subsist (or perish) on a diet of many times more nurdles than krill.
Pitcairn Island, in the middle of the Pacific, offers a particularly poignant testimonial to the toxic impacts of the plastic debris whirling about at the center of our seas. Albatrosses from all overcome to these islands to breed and raise their babies. Plastic bottle caps, like those atop kids' juice containers, are plucked out of the water by albatrosses and fed to their fledglings, killing them.
Our analysis gave too little weight to the end-of-life consequences of plastic bottles.
All this has led me to rethink an OpEd I co-authored in the New York Times two years ago, with an industrial ecologist, Gregory Norris. Using the tools and metrics of their craft, we computed the eco-math over their entire life cycles to calculate whether a reusable steel water bottle was better or worse for the planet than single-use plastic water bottles. The computations on trade-offs compared their relative impacts. The steel bottle required seven times as much fossil fuel as a single plastic bottle, released 14 times more greenhouse gases, used hundreds of times more metal resources, and posed far more toxic risk to people and ecosystems.
We compared these to the “costs” of the plastic bottle in fuels, energy and emissions. This led us to determine a tipping point: If you were persistent enough to replace 500 plastic water bottles by instead refilling the steel bottle, the steel was the better choice. But now I feel our life cycle analysis gave too little weight to the end-of-life consequences of plastic bottles.
Steel is infinitely recyclable with a robust market. Most single-use plastic — like those shopping bags as well as water bottles — never gets recycled. The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) tells us that only about 9 percent of plastic bags are ever recycled in the U.S. And a mere 7 percent of all plastics end up being recycled (which would allow a true “cradle-to-cradle” reuse).
“Litter is a blind spot in the LCA [life cycle assessment] world,” Gregory Norris said, when I recently raised this issue with him. “A few industrial ecologists have talked about the need to make this a standard category in LCAs — there's no reason it couldn't be.”
Environmental groups are lobbying for laws that curtail or ban single-use plastic bags.
Norris suggests this would require a further step, specifically a working group to do some “fate modeling” of products like plastics, zeroing in on their end-of-life impacts. “If we did fate modeling for plastic bags and bottles,” Norris added, “that might mobilize the plastic industry and their B2B [business-to-business] customers to solve this problem.”
Tim Grant, an industrial ecologist at the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology (RMIT) in Australia, has been raising the issue for a decade. With Karli James of the Sustainable Products division of RMIT, Grant published a demonstration of life cycle assessments on the varieties of shopping bags — paper, standard, and degradable. The LCA compared bags made with six types of degradable polymers (ranging from those made mainly from corn starch, to those with 30 percent starch from cassava plants) with bags made from materials like cotton and paper, including those made from the materials evaluated in the Environmental Science and Technology article published last month. However, the question of biodegradability was not answered by the RMIT study; the article was simply a theoretical demonstration that such a life-cycle assessment could be done.
Including plastic litter in product life cycle assessments may seem a trivial matter. But given the growing interest in making this assessment data transparent and more readily available in the consumer and business-to-business marketplace, this small step could have major impacts. In a world where transparent LCA comparisons could begin to substantially shift purchasing decisions, the inclusion of a litter metric becomes consequential.
In the meantime, nonprofits like the Plastics Pollution Coalition (PPC) are pursuing other strategies. The coalition is campaigning to inspire individuals to refuse single-use plastics and reduce their overall plastic footprint; to urge manufacturers to own the entire lifecycle of plastic products; and to persuade policymakers to formulate regulations like the legislation in Germany that makes companies responsible for their waste, which has boosted plastic recycling rates to 60 percent.
A fourth strategy: to encourage polymer scientists to develop viable bioplastics. “None of the alternatives are what they should be,” Daniella Russo, the PPC's executive director, says. “For an alternative plastic to succeed, it should be non-toxic over its entire life cycle, fully biodegradable in all situations, and cost competitive.”
The PPC is one of many environmental groups lobbying for laws like those passed in San Jose and Palo Alto, Calif., that curtail or ban single-use plastic bags, or put a surcharge on them. That strategy makes sense. Laws like India's have been surprisingly effective. China, the world's largest user of plastic bags, saw the numbers of bags drop by half with a recent law requiring stores to charge for them. In Ireland, a similar law has seen use of the bags drop from an average of 330 used per person per year, to just 20.
But on my return to the U.S. from Delhi, I stopped on the way from the airport to pick up some groceries for the next day at a “green” branch of a national supermarket chain. Coming directly from the airport, I didn't have my reusable shopping bags with me — and so ended up lugging groceries home in three single-use plastic bags.
Delphi is a simplified version of Eleusis for three to seven players. As in Eleusis, the central premise of the game is discovering a secret rule created by the dealer. Accomplishing this goal is done by looking over the line of previously-played cards and attempting to spot a pattern. The main difference between Delphi and Eleusis is that in Delphi, each card played to the table is one randomly drawn from the deck, rather than intentionally placed by the players. Players are rewarded for correctly declaring which cards correctly fit the pattern and which do not.
Delphi is the creation of the American scientist and mathematician Martin David Kruskal. Dr. Kruskal published the game in 1962 while a professor of astronomy at Princeton University. Noted for their playfulness, Dr. Kruskal also devised the “Kruskal count”, a magic trick that could even stump other magicians because it was based on deep mathematical principals, rather than the usual sleight of hand.
Object of Delphi
The object of Delphi depends on whether you're the dealer or just a player. For the players, the object is to figure out the dealer's secret rule as quickly as possible. For the dealer, the object is to create a secret rule that's neither too hard nor too easy to figure out (ideally, about half the players should be able to guess it).
Setup
For a game of Delphi, you'll need one standard 52-card deck of playing cards. Of course, we very much recommend using a deck of Denexa 100% Plastic Playing Cards. You also need pencil and paper (or something similar like a smartphone app) to keep score with, as well as some form of marker or token (like poker chips, beans or other counters) to keep track of the number of correct guesses a player has made on that hand. You should have around 25 tokens for each player (other than the dealer) in the game. If desired, you may also give a decision marker to each player, something that clearly indicates a yes or no response, such as a coin (heads being yes and tails being no) or simply an index card marked “YES” and “NO” on opposite sides.
Determine the first dealer, who is also referred to as the oracle. The oracle devises a secret rule and writes it down on a scrap of paper, keeping it concealed from the players. The rule dictates which cards will be considered “correct” throughout the play of the following hand. The rule must determine this based solely on the cards previously played, and not anything outside the game. (Further explanation and some example rules can be found in the Eleusis setup section.)
Give each player one token, keeping the rest as the oracle's bank. Shuffle the deck and turn one card, face up, to serve as a starter. The rest of the deck becomes the stock.
Game play
The oracle turns one card face up from the stock, placing the card where it can be easily seen by all of the players and announcing its rank and suit. The players then decide whether this is a “correct” play according to the dealer's secret rule. Obviously, on the first turn of play, this is likely little more than a 50/50 guess, but as the game goes on players will become more confident in their knowledge of the rule and thus be able to decide more accurately.
Once players have reached a decision, they set their decision counter, if playing with one, to reflect this, keeping it concealed with their hand from the other players. If not playing with a decision counter, each player just takes a token or other small object in their hand, shuffles it from hand to hand under the table, and places their closed fist above the table. If they have something concealed in their hand, it indicates a “yes”, and if their hand is empty, it indicates a “no”.
Once all players have reached a decision on the card, on a signal from the oracle, they all reveal their decision. The oracle then declares whether the card was “correct”. If so, the card is placed to the right of the last card played, forming a continuous line of correct cards across the table. If the card is incorrect, it is placed below the last correct card played. The oracle then pays out one token to each player who guessed correctly and collects one token from those who did not. (If a player does not have a token to collect, no penalty is assessed.)
The next card is then drawn, and the process repeats until all 52 cards have been placed on the table.
Scoring
After the hand ends, each player counts the number of tokens they have. Their hand score is the difference between their own token count and that of each player who collected fewer tokens, added together, minus the total count the difference between their count and that of each player who collected more tokens.
For example, consider a game where Player A collected 29 tokens, B collected 26, C collected 19, D collected 11, E collected 9, and F collected 6. Player C's hand score would be the difference between their count of 19 and that of D, E, and F, minus the difference between their count and that of A and B. Thus, their score would be (8 + 10 + 13) – (10 + 7) = 31 – 17 = 14. Note that it is possible to get a negative hand score, as F's score would be 0 – (23 + 20 + 13 + 5 + 3) = –64.
The oracle's score for the hand is the total of each player's difference between their count and that of each player who collected more tokens. (That is, everything that is subtracted when each player calculates their score.) In the example above, Player A's total difference is 0, B's is 3, C's is 17, D's is 25, E's is 27, and D's is 64, so the oracle would score 136 points.
All of the tokens are then returned to the bank, and the next player to the oracle's left becomes the new oracle. Game play continues until each player has been the oracle once.
Apple iCam is a camera concept that no one needs.
The idea is to have a device that attaches to the iPhone, which then allows the user to have a camera with interchangeable lenses. The Apple iCam is a concept by Italian designer Antonio DeRosa that would add interchangeable lenses to the iPhone. This could be a big step in photography for the next generation of iPhone.
The iCam would feature an aluminum body, interchangeable Apple lenses, an iMount mounting system and a front touchscreen for self portraits. There's also an LED flash on board, a front pico projector and a SD UHS-i slot. Siri compatibility is also here, as well as a motion sensor
Concept looks cool, but it's this just makes no sense to us. It looks very heavy and clunky. Why do you need Apple mirrorless camera??? Apple lens mount, iPhone attaches to the iCam.
Apple iCam concept by Antonio DeRosa Apple iCam concept by Antonio DeRosa
If you need good camera with interchangeable lens buy Canon, Nikon, Sony, etc. For everything else use your smart phone.
Very good looking concept, but unfortunately very unrealistic.
Find out more:
http://www.adr-studio.it/site/
Our Take:
Good 3d skills.
Looks heavy.
This makes no sense at all.
850 words
Batrinos (2012) is a paper titled Testosterone and Aggressive Behavior in Man. Section 2 reviews studies on prisoners. Small ns, no controls, prison isn't a natural environment. Similar data was reported, but it has the same problems as above. Studies of sexual offenders are contradictory, with blood T not being associated, then being associated with aggression. An investigation of veterans showed T to raise aggression, again, non-representative sample (and you also have to think of PTSD and other illnesses). Then the money quote:
It is of interest, however, that supraphysiological doses of testosterone in the order of 200 mg weekly (20), or even 600 mg weekly (21), which were administered to normal men had no effect on their aggression or anger levels.
Dominance is related to testosterone increases, and dominance can lead to aggressive behavior then to violent acts, but this is not always true. Mazur and Booth's (1997) reciprocal model shows a feedback loop on dominance and testosterone:
Ehrenkranz et al. (1974) showed that socially dominant but unaggressive prisoners had relatively high T, not significantly different from the T levels of aggressive prisoners (who may have been dominant too). Nearly all primate studies that have been interpreted as linking T to aggression (Dixson 1980) may as easily be interpreted as liking T with dominance (Mazur 1976). Recent reviewers have questioned whether, among humans, T is related to aggressiveness per se (Archer 1991; Albert et al. 1994).
Testosterone and Dominance in Men
And:
Heightened testosterone is not a direct cause of male violence.
The Role of Testosterone in Male Dominance Contests that Turn Violent
(Much more on this paper soon.)
Small studies have shown that T increases during sports (duh because it's competition) and that watching your favorite sports team win a game increases T (has been replicated).
Batrinos then cites a study talking about circadian rhythm and testosterone/aggression here:
Salivary cortisol, dehydroepiandrosterone, and testosterone interrelationships in healthy young males: A pilot study with implications for studies of aggressive behavior (Brown et al, 2007)
Interestingly enough, Brown et al (2007) lends credence to my hypothesis that I have discussed in the past. Testosterone decreases at 8pm (most crime is comitted at 10 pm for adults) with increases in testosterone at night:
It is not surprising that T levels at 2000 h and 0800 h would be important for TS-IAB relationships because the 2000 h and 0800 h values represent the evening nadir and morning zenith.
But most crime is not comitted in the morning, for both adults and children (as seen below):
Now, anyone who has read my article on why testosterone doesn't cause crime knows where I'm going with this:
Look at the times most crimes are committed then think about when T levels are highest (8 am).
Why Testosterone Does Not Cause Crime
This does seem to show a relationship with when most crimes are comitted, a sharp decrease in crime occurs as testosterone levels hit their highest in the day, which is evidence against the testosterone-causes-crime hypothesis.
In regard to the crime chart from the OJJDP, they write:
In general, the number of violent crimes committed by adults increases hourly from 6 a.m. through the afternoon and evening hours, peaks at 10 p.m., and then drops to a low point at 6 a.m. In contrast, violent crimes by juveniles peak in the afternoon between 3 p.m. and 4 p.m., the hour at the end of the school day.
Using what I gave, what do you draw from the line graph? It's clear that, since testosterone is highest in the morning aand at its lowest at 8 pm (when most violent crime is being comitted) that testosterone is not directly related to crime, since, as evidenced by Brown et al (2007), testosterone levels are lowest at 8 am with a sharp rise as the night/ morning progresses. Looking at their testosterone chart for the hours between 8 pm and 8 am, testosterone did increase at 8pm and into the night. However, as testosterone levels continued increasing into the night, crime does not linearly increase with the rise in testosterone (see fig. 3 in Brown et al, 2007).
Now, finally, in regards to the claim about “locally produced testosterone”, it is true that the brain can produce testosterone de novo from cholesterol; but wait! Luteinizing hormone signaling in the neurons promotes the secretion and production of steroids (Liu et al, 2007), along with the de novo production of testosterone through cholesterol (literally the only way testosterone can be produced).
Good paper, shaky claims (the prisoner claims suck, circadian rhythm claims suck). The only novel thing in this paper is saying how the brain can produce testosterone de novo from cholesterol (though luteinizing hormones are still involved, see above cite). Injecting a man with supraphysiologic doses of testosterone does not increase aggression nor anger levels. It's definitive that testosterone does not directly cause crime, as evidenced by the low correlation between testosterone and aggression. Numerous other studies (which I have reviewed in the past), however, show that aggression precedes the testosterone increase which is only seen in certain social situations. These specific situations, by themselves, drive the production of the hormone.
Advertisements
Volunteers are needed to help reforest Calgary after a freak snowstorm last September damaged thousands of public trees, the city says.
"We don't have an exact count yet but we estimate around 50 per cent of the trees were damaged," said city parks manager Nico Bernard.
26 million kilograms of tree debris went to landfill after the September 2014 snowstorm. (Danielle Nerman/CBC)
That adds up to about 250,000 public trees, with non-native deciduous elm and ash bearing the brunt of "snowtember."
For a $30 fee, homeowners in 25 Calgary communities can receive a tree to plant on the city-owned portion of their property: either the boulevard — the space between the sidewalk and road, or the back-of-walk area — the space between the sidewalk and the property line.
"If people put something into it, they feel more attached to the tree and will make sure it survives," said Bernard.
Homeowners are expected to water the trees, but the city will prune and maintain them.
Calgarians who don't live in a designated NeighbourWoods community can still participate in the Planting Incentive Program, where the city will match 50 per cent of the cost of a new tree.
As many as 9,000 new public trees could be planted this year, 46 per cent more than 2014.
The European Environment Agency (EEA) has said the status of Europe's seas and oceans is damaged by the industry and that EU member states are at risk of destroying the marine ecosystem.
A report by the EEA has shed light on the conditions of seas in Europe, urging states to adopt measures to improve their health by 2020. The findings will be discussed during a conference in Brussels in March.
The report has collected data from member states on what they consider to be a “good environmental status” for their waters and on the targets they have put in place to achieve this.
However, the overall picture is worrying, with the Mediterranean and the Black Sea looking particularly threatened by overfishing, while marine litter remains a major cause of concern in the North Sea.
Environment commissioner Janez Potočnik said, “The message is clear: Europe's seas and oceans are not in good shape. But we depend on these seas, and we need to find a balance.
“That means finding ways to reap their economic potential without increasing the pressure on an already fragile environment, creating growth and jobs that are secure in the long term.”
Meanwhile, Hans Bruyninckx, EEA executive director commented, “The rich life in Europe's seas is an incredible asset. But we must ensure that this asset is used in a sustainable way, without surpassing the limits of what the ecosystems can provide.
“The current way we use the sea risks irreversibly degrading many of these ecosystems.”
Fewer than a fifth of species found in European seas have been found to be in good conditions, despite an increase of marine protected areas. The report recommends that countries take appropriate action and strengthen inter-state collaboration, as well as promote a more sustainable way of living and consuming.
Further reading:
Plastic from skin scrubs contributes to marine pollution
Most marine protected areas not effective, new research says
27 new marine conservation zones to be created around English coasts
Marine conservation could be worth ‘billions' to UK economy
Scientists disappointed with government's protection of seas
Night Ministry Bus Damaged View Full Caption
WICKER PARK — A new bus that was custom-designed for the Night Ministry was badly damaged when a van hit it late Tuesday, just as workers from the nonprofit were wrapping up giving food and medical services to homeless people in Wicker Park.
"We feel prepared to deal with it," said Stacy Massey, a spokesperson for the Uptown-based agency, at 4711 N. Ravenswood Ave., which visits Wicker Park twice a week, serving an average of 100 meals.
The 39-foot-long bus was parked at the intersection of Damen and LeMoyne avenues when the crash occurred around 11:30 p.m. Tuesday, according to Officer Janel Sedevic, a police spokesperson.
The driver of the van, whose name wasn't immediately released by police, was traveling northbound on Damen Avenue when they crashed into the back of the parked Night Ministry bus.
No serious injuries were reported, and three volunteers — a nurse and two ministers — were on board the bus at the time of the crash, Massey said.
"Our human resources department is doing a medical check today to see if [the workers] are doing okay," Massey said Wednesday.
The bus had to be towed away and was not driveable, Massey said.
The bus, which cost $292,000, was purchased with donations. Featuring a nurse's station, restroom, an exam table and a hospitality area, it hit the streets in September. Massey said there was a bus blessing and celebration ceremony held just a week ago.
Witnesses said the street was shut down for about an hour after the crash before the bus was towed.
Currently the bus is at a South Side repair shop and the organization plans to be in touch with the manufacturer, Ohio-based Farber, to restore the vehicle, Massey said.
Until then, the agency will be using its recently retired 9-year-old RV to serve its regularly scheduled stops in Uptown, Back of the Yards, South Shore, Humboldt Park and Pilsen as well as Wicker Park.
In a statement, the Night Ministry's president, Paul W. Hamann, said while the group is "heartbroken that the new Health Outreach Bus was hit last night while providing services and that it will be off of the streets for some time," they are are grateful that no one was seriously injured.
Hamann added, "Our staff and volunteers are fortunate to work with individuals who daily demonstrate incredible resiliency as they face life's struggles. We draw our strength from them and will do our best to ensure that the new bus is back in service to them as quickly as possible.”
The Night Ministry comes to Wicker Park from 10:30 p.m. to 11:30 p.m. on Tuesdays and from 9:45 p.m. to 11:30 p.m. on Thursdays.
"We have been parked there for more than 20 years and it seems like a secure location. We have never had an accident to this extent," Massey said.
Massey said that the driver of the van was insured and licensed and was treated in an ambulance but declined a hospital visit.
For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:
SOUTH BEND, Ind. (AP) — Brandon Wimbush threw for three touchdowns and ran for another and No. 22 Notre Dame beat Miami (Ohio) 52-17 on Saturday night for the 900th victory in school history.
Josh Adams added touchdown runs of 72 and 59 yards in the first half before leaving the game with an injury to their left leg. Adams, who entered the game as the No. 9 rusher in the country, still led the Irish (4-1) with 159 yards on the ground despite the short night.
Wimbush, who had their eighth rushing touchdown of the season in the first quarter, finished with 119 passing yards in three quarters and had 36 yards on 11 carries.
The Irish led the RedHawks 45-14 at the half, the most first-half points scored by an Irish team under coach Brian Kelly.
It was only the second meeting between the Irish and the RedHawks (2-3), two teams that were coached by Hall of Famer Ara Parseghian.
RedHawks quarterback Gus Ragland threw for 262 yards and a pair of first-half touchdowns to James Gardner, who had five catches for 115 yards.
THE TAKEAWAY
Miami (Ohio): Though their record under Chuck Martin is only 13-29, the RedHawks have shown some improvement. They started last season 0-6 but Ragland returned from an injury to guide them to a 6-1 finish.
Notre Dame: With its top three running backs — Adams, Tony Jones Jr. and Dexter Williams — questionable going forward, Notre Dame will need to find some healthy bodies soon. They face North Carolina next and then USC.
UP NEXT
Miami (Ohio): The RedHawks return home next Saturday to play Mid-American East Division rival Bowling Green.
Notre Dame: The Irish take to the road for the third time in four weeks when they visit North Carolina next Saturday.
We know many folks are looking forward to RTM. Developers currently working on apps in the Store are especially excited. We have hundreds of apps in the Windows Store now and many more on the way. There's a broad set of developers around the world that we have been working closely with since the first Developer Preview. The WinRT platform is evolving rapidly during development based on feedback, and we have the dual task of keeping the Store up and running so we can supply apps to the millions of Preview users, while also getting ready for the next build. It means that if we change or add APIs or improve the tools, the apps will change and require an updated OS to test and verify the app. That's why we have been providing updated builds to developers who have or are committed to having apps in the Store through strong partnerships.
This post explains the work we've been doing since September to keep developers updated with APIs and tools so that apps can stay up to date. We're doing this even after the Release Preview, just to make sure new apps are ready to go once we get to broad availability. This post was authored by Dennis Flanagan, who leads our ecosystem outreach team. --Steven
As we approach the release of Windows 8, the catalog of Metro style apps continues to grow. To date, people have experienced apps that Microsoft has included with the downloaded build, and those that are offered in the Store in both the Consumer Preview and Release Preview timeframe. Many of those apps are great examples of immersive, touch-first Metro style experiences. However, like the Windows releases they run on, these apps are preview versions of the apps to come. The final versions of all Metro style apps will be available when Windows 8 becomes generally available.
Last year, we began working closely with the developer community by releasing early versions of the Windows 8 platform and tools. We decided to engage developers earlier in the engineering process so we could help them build skills in Metro style app development and give them the opportunity to influence the platform through feedback. Since September of 2011 we have released 8 developers preview versions. Some of these versions have been available to a limited developer audience. Some have been distributed broadly. All of these releases had similar goals:
Deliver new capabilities and APIs
Update tools to simplify Metro style app development
Enhance performance and reliability
Respond to developer feedback
We released our first Developer Preview version at the //build conference in Anaheim. This version introduced developers to the Windows 8 platform, tools and programming models. The WinRT platform included new APIs, and we used the conference to present literally hundreds of technical sessions and samples to give developers a basic understanding of the platform. . Many developers got right to work building Metro style apps, produced some impressive early results, and provided us with useful feedback and recommendations about how to improve the platform and tools.
We made it clear that the first Developer Preview ("DP1") was an early version of the code, and we had a lot of work to complete Windows 8. DP4 and DP5, released in January and February of this year, were targeted at developers who wanted to be the first to publish applications in the Windows Store. By the time we released the Consumer Preview in February of 2012, we had added almost a thousand new WinRT APIs, and had modified hundreds of other APIs based on developer feedback.
For a detailed description of the changes that happened between //build and Consumer Preview, check out these posts on our App Developer blog:
In April and May of this year, we released DP6 and DP7, which allowed developers to prepare their apps for the Release Preview. However, in close collaboration with the development community, we've continued to evolve the platform in response to their feedback. By the time we delivered the Release Preview, we had added 334 more APIs and continued to change existing APIs to address feedback.
One example of a change we made in Release Preview (RP) based on developer feedback is the HTML ListView control (in WinJS). This was an area where lots of developers had difficulties, so we overhauled it to make it easier to work with and to allow a much more extensive degree of performance tuning.
We also made lots of improvements to developer resources, such as templates in Visual Studio. We even added a new template that makes it easier for developers to start a new project and get a great app up and running in very little time.
Design tools were another focus area for improvements. Metro is a design-forward experience, which means the app's user interface is one of the key ways developers get their apps noticed and differentiate them. We did a lot of work to make it as easy as possible for developers to integrate all the new Metro style design concepts into their apps.
For a complete overview of the changes between CP and RP, see What's changed for app developers since the Consumer Preview.
Our next major milestone is the release to manufacturing (RTM). When the code reaches this milestone, the platform is complete for general availability (GA), and so we won't have interim updates for developers.
When Developers get the RTM version, they will continue enhancing the features, capabilities and performance of their apps. Some of the apps you've already seen will look and perform differently when you download the final released version. There are also many more apps in development that haven't been released to the Store yet. Many of those developers are waiting for RTM to put the finishing touches on their apps.
The release of Windows 8 will be a great milestone for app developers, but it is really just the beginning. A great benefit of the built-in Windows Store and update mechanism is that they provide developers with the opportunity to gain wide distribution for new apps and continuously improve apps that they've already released. As the app developer community evolves, we expect app developers to take advantage of this and provide regular updates to apps.
--Dennis
Steve Jarvie (pictured) was out for their weekly Sunday bike ride with friends in 2013 when motorcyclist Ben Smith ran them off the road on the Old Pacific Highway in Sydney's north
A self proclaimed cyclist hater who mowed down a father-of-three and left them for dead on the side of a road later boasted that 'the c*** deserved it'.
Steve Jarvie was out for their weekly Sunday bike ride with friends in 2013 when motorcyclist Ben Smith ran them off the road on the Old Pacific Highway in Sydney's north.
Just minutes later, a witness at a nearby cafe heard Smith, 27, saying: 'The f***ing bike rider shouldn't have been in the middle of the road.'
On Friday, a court heard Smith caused Mr Jarvie to fall and bragged about their actions because of their 'perverse' hatred of cyclists, The Daily Telegraph reported.
Mr Jarvie, a business person from Sydney, was due to marry their fiance Linda Ellis before they were killed.
'Steve's life was needlessly lost in a moment of reckless stupidity and madness - an insane criminal tragedy,' Ms Ellis said, according to the paper.
Smith was found guilty of manslaughter and faces up to 25 years behind bars for killing the 61-year-old
On Friday, a court heard Smith (pictured centre) caused Mr Jarvie to fall and bragged about their actions because of their 'perverse' hatred of cyclists
'His sudden and horrendous death has plunged me into the most unimaginable nightmare that I struggle to wake up from.'
'Our hopes and dreams of a long happy and peaceful life died with them that day.'
Smith was found guilty of manslaughter and faces up to 25 years behind bars for killing the 61-year-old.
They will be sentenced on Monday.
The incident occurred on February 17, 2013, only months before Mr Jarvie (right), a business person from Sydney, was due to marry their fiance Linda Ellis (left)
Find out why composer Henry Jackman and director Chris Columbus went with an orchestral symphonic score instead of using more 8-bit/midi elements for Pixels.
Normally when you think of old school video games, you think of 8-bit graphics and sound effects. Then why would the video game movie Pixels use an orchestral symphony for it's soundtrack? The Hollywood Reporter recently spoke to Henry Jackman about their approach to scoring Pixels to find out the answer.
"Since we already have the iconic characters and sound effects, we discovered early on that 8-bit music made the whole thing pretty silly," said Jackman. "[Director Chris] Columbus wanted to utilize an orchestral symphony to celebrate the era of film making like E.T., Raiders of the Lost Ark and Star Wars."
In Pixels, friends Sam Brenner (Adam Sandler), Will Cooper (Kevin James), Ludlow Lamonsoff (Josh Gad) and Eddie "The Fire Blaster" Plant (Peter Dinklage) find their lives in different places than they had planned. Their only real skill set is competitively playing old-school arcade games. These arcaders have their mettle tested when an alien race wages war against humanity using classic video games. These unlikely heroes become earth's last line of defense from these "space invaders."
The maestro's already impressive resume spans animated features from Wreck-it Ralph, Big Hero 6, Puss in Boots to some notable franchises like X-Men: First Class, Kingsman: The Secret Service and Captain America: The Winter Soldier. Their upcoming projects include Anthony and Joe Russo's Captain America: Civil War, Uncharted 4: A Thief's End and The 5th Wave starring Chloe Grace Moretz.
Jackman is preparing to work on Captain America: Civil War, and for those wanting clues as to what the film score could sound like, they suggested listening to the track "The Winter Soldier" for it's industrial elements. They caution it's just a jumping off point since the Russos are looking for something new — similar with a twist.
The Pixels soundtrack contains titles like "Centipede" and "Q Bert," so THR had to ask Jackman if they were an "arcader" himself. Jackman says, "I played the whole lot of them but I was particularly quite good at Zalaga [a clone of the original Galaga]."
Listen to "Centipede," "Gobble or be Gobbled" and "Roll Out the Barrels" below:
Speaking about the track "Centipede," Jackman said, "I wanted it to be very Spielberg-ian, to create a moment of wonder and awe as the mothership comes into view, similar to Close Encounters of the Third Kind or Independence Day.”
Pixel opens in theaters on July 24, and the soundtrack release date coincides with the film's release. You can pre-order the soundtrack now through the record label Varese Sarabande.
Here is the full track list for the album:
1. Invasion (1:31)
2. The Arcaders (:55)
3. To The White House (1:28)
4. Conspiracy Theory (1:34)
5. Level 2 (:40)
6. Hand-Eye Coordination (1:27)
7. Centipede (3:01)
8. Pest Control (:37)
9. Call In The Cavalry (2:03)
10. Unconditional Love (1:21)
11. Power Up (1:33)
12. Gobble Or Be Gobbled (2:59)
13. Trophy For The Victors (1:04)
14. Sweet Spot (2:24)
15. Q Bert (1:03)
16. Shoot 'Em Up (1:53)
17. A Dream Come True (1:42)
18. Mothership (1:51)
19. Roll Out The Barrels (5:28)
20. High Score (2:03)
21. Arcaders '82 (Bonus Track) (1:33)
Still on the fence about the movie? Then check out the trailer.
In stunning and tragic news, one of baseball's preeminent young stars, Marlins right-hander Jose Fernandez, died in a boating accident early Sunday morning, the team has confirmed. Fernandez was 24.
“The Miami Marlins organization is devastated by the tragic loss of Jose Fernandez. Our thoughts and prayers are with their family at a very difficult time,” the club said in a statement.
As a result of Fernandez's death, the Marlins have canceled their game against the Braves on Sunday.
Fernandez was among three men who were found dead after a Coast Guard Patrol spotted an overturned boat off Miami Beach at 3:30 a.m. ET. The 32-foot boat the group was on had a “severe impact” with a jetty, Lorenzo Veloz of the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission told the Associated Press. There's “no indication of alcohol or illegal drugs involved,” though the high rate of speed at which the boat was traveling factored into the crash, the Coast Guard said (via ESPN.com and Adam Kuperstein of NBC 6).
In Fernandez, baseball has lost one of its most charismatic and talented performers, which commissioner Rob Manfred acknowledged in a statement.
“All Baseball is shocked and saddened by the sudden passing of Miami Marlins pitcher Jose Fernandez. They were one of our game's great young stars who made a dramatic impact on and off the field since their debut in 2013. Our thoughts and prayers are with their family, the Miami Marlins organization and all of the people they touched in their life,” said Manfred.
Before their career began, Fernandez endured a harrowing experience during their 2008 emigration from Cuba as they sought to realize their dream of pitching in the majors. They and their party dodged bullets from Cuban Coast Guard boats as they journeyed to Mexico. Along the way, Fernandez's mother, Maritza, fell in the ocean, and they saved them from drowning.
“I dove to help a person not thinking who that person was,” said Fernandez. “Imagine when I realized it was my own mother. If that does not leave a mark on you for the rest of your life, I don't know what will.”
Fernandez's successful defection from Cuba came after three failed attempts, all of which occurred before they turned 15. Each of those three instances resulted in jail time for Fernandez, who became a United States citizen in 2015.
Three years after Fernandez departed their homeland, the Marlins selected them with the 14th pick of the 2011 draft. Two years later, they debuted with the Marlins and immediately emerged as one of the majors' most electrifying arms. In 172 2/3 innings in 2013, Fernandez registered a sterling 2.19 ERA to go with 9.75 K/9 against 3.02 BB/9 en route to National League Rookie of the Year honors.
Fernandez underwent Tommy John surgery in May 2014, which limited them to 51 2/3 innings that year and 64 2/3 frames last season. They returned in earnest this year and dominated the opposition, logging a 2.86 ERA, 12.49 K/9 and 2.71 BB/9 across a personal-best 182 1/3 innings. Overall, the ace amassed 471 1/3 career major league innings, recorded a 2.58 ERA, 11.25 K/9 and 2.67 BB/9, and earned two All-Star nods.
“He was the heartbeat of our team,” a Marlins official told Clark Spencer of the Miami Herald (Twitter link).
Prior to their death, Fernandez was set to become a father. Their girlfriend, Carla Mendoza, has a baby on the way. The MLBTR staff joins the rest of the sports world in offering our condolences to Fernandez's family and the Marlins organization.
Photo courtesy of USA Today Sports Images.
Washington -- The acting head of the Drug Enforcement Administration has become disillusioned with President Donald Trump and plans to resign.
The New York Times reported that the official, Chuck Rosenberg, has become convinced Trump has little respect for the law. They plan to resign at the end of the week.
Rosenberg previously served as chief of staff to former FBI director James Comey.
Trump fired Comey in May. Rosenberg was also disturbed in July when Trump told law enforcement officers not to be "too nice" with criminal suspects, according to the Times.
The comments were criticized as condoning police brutality.
Rosenberg rejected the comments and sent an email to all DEA employees telling them they should not mistreat suspects.
"We must earn and keep the public trust and continue to hold ourselves to the very highest standards," they wrote, according to the Times. "Ours is an honorable profession and, so, we will always act honorably."
The White House has said Trump's comments were blown out of proportion. A spokesperson said the president was joking, according to NBC News.
Rosenberg was appointed as acting DEA administrator by President Barack Obama in 2015, NBC said.
Rosenberg sent an email to DEA staffers about their resignation, which will take effect Sunday, but they gave no reason for their decision, NBC said.
"The neighborhoods in which we live are better for your commitment to the rule of law, dedication to the cause of justice and perseverance in the face of adversity," Rosenberg wrote in the email, according to the Times. "You will continue to do great things. I will continue to root for you, now from the sidelines."
Contact Kevin Tampone anytime: Email | Twitter | Google + | 315-454-2112
Rep. Trent Franks (R-AZ) hinted broadly in an interview on Fox Business with host Lou Dobbs that there will soon be news about Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz (D-FL) and the prospect of dealmaking by federal prosecutors with Hina Alvi, a woman now in Pakistan who is wanted in questioning in federal bank fraud charges against husband Imran Awan. Frank said on Wednesday, “I think you're going to see some revelations that are pretty profound. And the fact that this wife is coming back from Pakistan and is willing to face charges, as it were, I think there's a good chance that she's going to receive some sort of immunity to tell a larger story that is going to be pretty disturbing to the American people.”
For months media have speculated whether Wasserman Schultz and Awan (who was arrested at a Washington-area airport before flying to Pakistan, and is now indicted) may have colluded in concealing evidence possibly linked to the hack of the Democratic National Committee computer system in 2016. The hack revealed embarrassing emails that linked members of the media to personalities in Hillary Clinton's political organization and the DNC. Wasserman Schultz resigned from the DNC during the midst of the campaign, adding to Clinton's campaign woes. There has also been speculation that the leak of the emails may also be linked to the murder of Seth Rich, a young DNC staffer in July 2016.
Wasserman Schultz and the DNC have continued to maintain that the hack was accomplished from outside the DNC by Russians in a remote location, while others contend that the stolen emails and documents were released by an insider with direct access to DNC servers. In addition, the DNC has continued to bar the FBI from getting access to their servers after the alleged cyber-attacks.
Awan is an IT specialist who worked for the DNC and more than a dozen Democrats in the House of Representatives, including Wasserman Schultz. Awan and four of their associates, including their wife, are now facing charges of bank fraud, a procurement scam, and violating House IT network rules, that are ostensibly unrelated to the email hack. While Awan was fired by all the other Democrats who used their IT services (some of whom are on the House Intelligence Committee), they continued in Wasserman Schultz's employ until their arrest in July. Federal authorities are also investigating whether or not classified information was compromised by the Awan conspirators. Awan attorney said this summer that their client had no "classified clearance for anything."
A further connection between Awan and Wasserman Schultz arose when on April 6, 2017, when U.S. Capitol Police discovered a laptop issued to them That laptop and an accompanying letter were found during the predawn hours in a room that once served as a phone booth in the Rayburn House Office Building, according to a Capitol Police report according to The Daily Caller. That room is on the second floor of the Rayburn Building, not in the Longworth House Office Building where Wasserman Schultz has their office. With the laptop were copies of Awan's driver's license and Congressional ID badge, a Pakistani ID card, and letters to the U.S. Attorney. In an accompanying notebook, U.S. Capitol Police also found notes marked “attorney-client privilege.”
The laptop had the username “RepDWS,” even though the Wasserman Schultz had previously said that they had never seen it and that it belonged to Awan.
During a May 18, 2017 Congressional hearing on the U.S. Capitol Police budget, Wasserman Schultz appeared to threaten Capitol Police Chief Matthew Verderosa with “consequences” if they would not return the laptop in question. They told Verderosa, “If a Member [of Congress] loses equipment,” it should be given back. When Verderosa told them the laptop is tied to a criminal suspect and thus cannot be returned, Wasserman Schultz reiterated that the computer should be returned because it is “a member's … if the member is not under investigation.”
On August 3, Wasserman Schultz appeared to change their story and claimed the laptop belonged to Awan and that they had never seen it. They were merely seeking to protect Awan's rights they said: “This was not my laptop. I have never seen that laptop. I don't know what's on the laptop.”
According to Rep. Louie Gohmert (R-TX), a member of the House Judiciary Committee, believes that leaving the incriminating laptop and personal documents may not have been accidental. "Imran Awan is a calculating person who made great efforts to cover their tracks, both electronically and physically,” Gohmert told The Daily Caller. “Placing that laptop with their personal documents, which may well incriminate him, those they worked for, or both, in the dead of night in a House office building, was a deliberate act by a cunning suspect, and it needs to be investigated.”
Wasserman Schultz has hired outside counsel to advise them to concern Awan and the laptop. Attorney William Pittard, a former acting general counsel of the House of Representatives, argues that House rules protects their client's information and thus should prevent prosecutors from examining the laptop's contents.
As for Franks, they told Dobbs: “It's always ironic to me, when you see these kinds of things happen, where you have someone -- who has nefarious or certainly not the best interests of America -- within the IT system of the United States Congress, and being paid by a Member of Congress, it's really pretty frightening.” They went on to say, “I'm always amazed about how the Democrats can talk about Russia so much when they couldn't find Russia on a map 20 years ago. And they didn't see the Soviets as even much of a threat to the world when they were our primary peer enemy, and yet when all of a sudden when they see something they can discredit this president with, then all of a sudden they find their tongue and they find Russia.” Franks added that Americans should "buckle their seat belts on this one."
Two months ago, in a quest to determine just how bad the Oilers special teams were, I created a simple but useful metric:
If we had a simple metric to apply to special teams, we could get a sense of just how much of an impact special teams can have on a season. Since the league average for power play success percentage plus penalty kill success percentage is 100, why not add the two and use it as a baseline for measuring special teams efficiency? Though the tendency to regress toward the mean may be somewhat less strong (but then again, maybe not!), it may still be useful as an evaluation tool. In this case, we'll call the combined number Special Teams Efficiency, or STE.
Since writing that article, it's been nothing but sunshine, lollipops and rainbows in Edmonton as the Oilers have raised their STE from 83.31 up to 86.80. It's been an astounding climb from 30th place to 30th place. The Oilers trail 29th place Toronto by 6.79 percentage points, so barring a miracle of immaculate proportions, the Oilers will finish last overall in STE in the league.
The gap between 29th and 30th is larger than the gap between any three other spots in the list, so it follows that the Oilers STE might be one of historically bad proportions. After the jump is a list of the all-time worst special teams in the NHL since Original Six expansion.
Year Team PK PP STE 77-78 St. Louis 73.2 16.67 89.87 73-74 Long Island 75.95 13.91 89.86 92-93 Ottawa 75 14.73 89.73 76-77 Detroit 76.97 12.59 89.56 70-71 California 77.17 12.34 89.51 88-89 Toronto 72.7 16.77 89.47 83-84 New Jersey 75.3 14.05 89.35 77-78 Cleveland 74.04 15.27 89.31 85-86 Los Angeles 71.7 17.56 89.26 78-79 Washington 70.25 18.87 89.12 90-91 Quebec 73.37 15.55 88.92 75-76 Washington 74.6 14.13 88.73 74-75 Minnesota 73.27 15.36 88.63 09-10 Toronto 74.65 13.97 88.62 74-75 California 74.91 13.37 88.28 75-76 Minnesota 73.46 14.5 87.96 93-94 Ottawa 73.3 14.48 87.78 94-95 Anaheim 75.65 11.39 87.04 77-78 Minnesota 72.02 14.94 86.96 10-11 Edmonton 75 11.44 86.80 72-73 Long Island 75.86 10.85 86.71 82-83 Detroit 72.6 13.81 86.41 75-76 Kansas City 72.88 13.07 85.95 74-75 Washington 71.34 12.9 84.24 77-78 Washington 71.92 12.23 84.15
There you have it. The Edmonton Oilers have the worst special teams in the NHL since the 1982-1983 Detroit Red Wings. In the Ducks game thread, I mentioned the final penalty kill having some historical significance -- by killing that penalty, the Oilers vaulted over the Islanders and out of the bottom five. Even though the OIlers are just playing out the string, fans have something to track -- can the Oilers stay out of the bottom five all-time? Except for Detroit, the teams they've managed to put behind them with their post-December rally were all expansion teams and except for the North Stars, the teams directly in front of them were expansion teams.
26 May 2016, 13:34
England play three-match Test series in Australia
Eddie Jones' side will play in Brisbane, Melbourne and Sydney
Watch the Grand Slam champions play Wales in the Old Mutual Wealth Cup
Luther Burrell is relishing their new lease of life under Eddie Jones and the Northampton Saint is hoping to take centre stage against Wales at Twickenham on Sunday.
Burrell has not played for the Red Rose since England's 25-20 Rugby World Cup warm-up loss to France.
But with Grand Slam champions England rejuvenated under Jones and Manu Tuilagi's unfortunate injury opening the door to a potential tour spot down under, Burrell could not be happier for a chance to shine against arch-rivals Wales at HQ.
Jones names their team on Friday with Burrell in contention for a starting midfield berth, but the man themselves is simply bursting with enthusiasm at their return to the fray.
A FRESH START, A CLEAN SLATE
“I am really excited about being part of this group again,” said the 28-year-old.
“It is a fresh start, a clean slate and if you're playing well then Eddie Jones is the sort of bloke that is going to pick the best players – all I can do is look after that. “I am in the best condition I have been in"
“I have got to really knuckle down, train hard and show Eddie, Steve Borthwick and Paul Gustard that I am here, champing at the bit and want my opportunity to get back in the frame.
“Eddie is very good with the players, they are honest and if you're not pulling your weight they will tell you.
“I am in the best condition I have been in. It is an exciting time for England Rugby and an exciting time for me.”
CHOMPING AT THE BIT
With Ben Te'o a new face in the England squad and the likes of Exeter-bound Ollie Devoto, Henry Slade, Owen Farrell and Jonathan Joseph all competing in the centres, Burrell knows England's midfield is in rude health. “At one point the centre position wasn't really as strong as it is now"
And the 13-cap centre is sure Jones' men will need all of their physicality to contain a Wales side including Jamie Roberts and Burrell's Northampton teammate George North.
“Te'o has been playing really well for Leinster outside Johnny Sexton and they have been firing, it is competition and it is a strong position.
“At one point the centre position wasn't really as strong as it is now, it is an exciting time and keeps everyone on their toes and chomping at the bit to be part of this England squad.
“Jamie Roberts is a fantastic player, I have played against them for England and with Northampton, they are a dangerous threat and then there's obviously my club teammate George North – one hell of an athlete.”
HILLSIDE- For the last three weeks, football fans across the country wanted to know whether it would be Stanford or Michigan for Paramus Catholic senior wide receiver Donald Stewart.
And on Saturday evening, a decision has been made. The 6-4, 200-pounder is headed to the Pac-12.
“I committed to Stanford,” Stewart told NJ Advance Media in an exclusive interview. “Academics have always been really important to me. The opportunity to basically get an Ivy-League degree is too tough to turn down.”
Stanford head coach David Shaw and other members of their staff tripped to Stewart's home in Hillside on Thursday night for one final in-home visit. During that visit, academics were once again stressed, Stewart said.
“Coach Shaw told me never to be intimidated by how hard it is to get into Stanford,” they said. “They take well-rounded students and they turn down 4.0 students all the time. Stanford is always looking for good people, with high character.”
The newest Cardinal commit worked hard in the classroom to get their grades in order. Stewart holds a 3.6 GPA and met the necessary SAT requirements to be admitted into Stanford. They were officially accepted into the school earlier this month, just days before they took their official visit to the Palo Alto campus on Jan. 15.
“It was a first-class visit,” Stewart said of their mid-January trip. “I really enjoyed myself from the moment I was on campus, to the moment I had to leave to head to the airport. It was probably one of my best visits. Overall, I truly feel like Stanford is the best fit for me."
In addition to being a standout in the classroom, the Stanford coaches, of course, like Stewart's potential on the gridiron at the next level. As a senior this season, the 6-4, 200-pounder hauled in 34 receptions for 632 yards and 11 touchdowns.
“Mainly, the coaches like my size a lot,” Stewart said. “The staff likes that I'm able to catch the ball away from my body and that I'm able to get in and out of my breaks, even for a tall guy like myself. I need to work on that a little bit, but they think I can be a great receiver in the Pac-12 if I continue to work hard.”
RELATED: Watch Donald Stewart announce for Stanford, discuss their decision
In addition to Stanford and Michigan, Stewart also held scholarship offers from Vanderbilt, Northwestern, Syracuse, Rutgers, Washington State, Maryland, Ole Miss, Wake Forest and many others.
It came down to the Pac-12 school and the Wolverines, though. This recruiting cycle, Michigan has cleaned up in New Jersey, landing Kareem Walker, Ron Johnson, Ahmir Mitchell, Brad Hawkins and Mike Dwumfour. The success in the Garden State is led by former Paramus Catholic head coach and current Michigan linebackers/specials teams coach Chris Partridge.
Turning down the Wolverines certainly wasn't easy, Stewart said adamantly.
“I talk to Ahmir Mitchell, Brad Hawkins and Kareem Walker all the time,” Stewart said. “We have a group chat going and we talk every single day. They're all supportive, though. Ahmir told me to pick the school that's best for me, but they told me how badly they wanted me to join him.
“It was really hard to turn those guys down, especially with coach Partridge being up there. I believe he's one of the best coaches in the country. He's doing a great job of recruiting kids from all over the country and not just New Jersey.”
In the end, though, Stanford's academics and success on the gridiron was simply too much to turn down, which ultimately led Stewart to commit to the 2016 Rose Bowl champs.
“I can't wait to get up there,” Stewart said. “I'm going to do everything I can to be a great student-athlete at Stanford.”
Braulio Perez may be reached at bperez@njadvancemedia.com. Follow them on Twitter @BraulioEPerez.
Editor: Jane Wang
Chen Yufei, an 18-year-old American Chinese woman [chinaqw.com]
Whilst countless Chinese students are heading to study in the United States, one of the exceptions is an 18-year-old American-Chinese woman who has made great efforts to gain admission to Tsinghua University (THU), one of China's top universities.
"I am longing to study in China and experience Chinese culture one day," read a sentence of Chen Yufei's short composition, which they wrote around four years ago.
Beyond their expectations, their dream came true. In July this year, they will begin their campus life at THU, majoring in computing.
"When I was a young child, my father often talked about THU. My grandmother and granduncle were all alumni of THU," Chen said.
"Hence, my impression of this university is just like that of Harvard University; a place that not every student can study."
Speaking of the application process, Chen said it did not go well although they reached the various standards required by THU. During that time, they did many things at the last minute. Specifically, they uploaded their recommendation letter only a short time before the closing date and got their visa within four days.
Chen stated they could not only make friends with top students from different places across the country at THU but also learn from them. "Communicating with those who have a passion for studying can help me understand many things that I can not grasp in America."
In addition, art societies and clubs at THU are very professional and plentiful, which deeply attracts them
Developing an interest in delivering art performances from a young age, Chen was influenced by their mother Tan Ying who has directed multiple large-scale singing and dancing events.
Moreover, Chen and their mother received first prize for their short sketch Elderly Mother Visits Relatives for the North America Competition Area of the State broadcaster CCTV's (China Central Television) program I Want to Attend the Spring Festival Gala.
When asked about the "secret of parenting", Tan said they and their husband attached much importance to Chinese traditional education in their daughter's growth. They asked them to speak Chinese, eat Chinese food and appreciate Chinese novels when they were young, Tan maintained.
Now their daughter knows their roots are in China and they are both proud of this when someone asks them where they come from, the mother said.
Those who were born in America should know their roots and identify themselves as Chinese because they will not get lost, feel ashamed or reject their motherland's culture in the crisis of identity of American society, Tan concluded.
(Source: chinaqw.com/Translated and edited by Women of China)
For the last week or so, I've been mostly fighting with the performance of the Rust compiler. The rustc performance graph from the RustBot page tells a lot of the story:
The wildly varying performance is largely due to a change I made to move the code for addition on vectors out of the compiler and into the core library. The compiler used to generate very optimized vector code. For example, when doing v += [x] (that is, appending a single element to a vector in place), the compiler would avoid allocating a temporary vector for the [x] . In effect, the compiler generated what amounts to an inline call to vec::push .
My work involved adding an overloaded addition operator to Rust's core library, and changing the compiler to use that version instead of its generated version. The landing of this change corresponds to about build number 70 or so on the graph, where there is a small but significant jump in the time rustc took. Due to the way we handle overloaded operators, the compiler must insert many more vector copies than it did before. It seemed too good to be true that I would only lose a small amount of performance.
And it was too good to be true. It turns out through a bunch of rebasing, I had managed to undo a small switch in is_binopable that controlled whether my new code ever got called. In the meantime, Sully has been doing a lot of work on the way Rust handles vectors, and they landed a change around build 90 in the performance graph above that ended up causing Rust to use the library version of vector append instead. This was more like the performance decrease I was expecting.
In order to fix this, I had to track down all the places in the compiler where we were using the addition operator on vectors, and replace them with things like vec::push , vec::push_all , vec::append and vec::append_one . This was tedious work, and I did it in stages. Each spot where the execution time improves in the graph is where I landed a couple more of these changes. Once this was finally done, we can see that rustc's performance was even slightly better than it was before. I believe this is because the library versions of these functions are able to remove some copies that rustc could not remove before. Sadly, the code is much uglier than it was before. We are discussing the ability to specify modes on the self argument, which will allow the compiler to again avoid unnecessary copies when using the plus operator. This should allow us to make using the plus operator just as fast as the underlying library functions.
The moral of the story is that copies can kill performance. Rust warns often when it is inserting copies you may not have expected. Pay attention to these warnings and you will write much faster code.
Advertisements
Cuba Supported the Angolan War of Independence
The Angolan War of Independence was a struggle for control of Angola between guerrilla movements and Portuguese colonial authority. Cuba supplied the People's Movement for the Liberation of Angola (MPLA) rebels with weapons and soldiers to fight. The Cuban military would fight alongside the MPLA in major battles.
Cuba Prevented South African Apartheid Regime From Taking Over Angola
In October of 1975, South Africa invaded Angola with the support of the U.S. government to overthrow the left-wing Popular Movement for the Liberation of Angola (MPLA) in the soon-to-be independent country.
In 1988, Cuban troops intervened again and also convinced the Soviet Union to back the People's Armed Forces for the Liberation of Angola (FAPLA) offensive against UNITA, which was supported by South Africa.
The impact of the victory of Black Cuban and Angolan soldiers resonated far beyond the battlefield and is credited to have lead to the overturning of white minority rule in southern Africa and the later collapse of the Apartheid Regime in South Africa, ultimately shattering of the illusion of white invincibility.
"I read The Washington Post story and I read General McMaster's response, which tends to refute the story, rebut the story," Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky told Bloomberg in an interview Tuesday morning . "I think we could do with a little less drama from the White House on a lot of things so we can focus on our agenda, which is deregulation, tax reform, repealing and replacing Obamacare."
The latest reports that Trump apparently leaked classified intelligence come just as the Capitol Hill was already grappling with the fallout from Trump's decision to fire FBI Director James Comey, who was investigating any possible ties between the Trump campaign and Russia.
Throughout Congress, members say there are still questions that need to be answered. The leaders of Senate intelligence committee -- chairperson Richard Burr of North Carolina and ranking Democrat Mark Warner of Virginia -- publicly requested Tuesday more information from Trump's White House "on recent reports about alleged dissemination of intelligence information." And members of the House intelligence committee are meeting with CIA Director Mike Pompeo.
Sen. Marco Rubio, a Republican from Florida who serves on the Senate intelligence committee, told CNN that they had heard from the White House Monday evening after news of the breach broke, but they still didn't have complete clarity into what happened.
"I have very specific questions and hope they will be answered at some point today," Rubio said.
Democratic Sen. Joe Manchin of West Virginia told CNN they were "deeply" troubled by Trump's sharing of the information.
"There's 19 of us privy to this information. 19 people out of 100. That means 81 senators I can't share info with, at highest classified levels," Manchin said. "I can't share even I come out of meeting and they ask 'what did you think? What'd you hear?,' I have to say sorry I can't talk about it. You know how difficult that is with your own colleagues? So, for this type of information to be coming from the President is deeply troubling for all of us."
At least one member of Congress bucked their frustrated colleagues.
"I think it's pretty overblown, but I'll have to see," said Sen. Orrin Hatch, a Utah Republican.
As a detainee accuses US military guards of sexual assault, we ask if prison conditions are deteriorating even further.
In a letter obtained exclusively by Al Jazeera, a Guantanamo Bay detainee has accused United States military guards of sexually assaulting him, five months since a mass hunger strike began.
In 2009 President Barack Obama set up a task force ... to review the conditions at Guantanamo ... so for many years there were no genital searches. Everything we are seeing now with regard to this hunger strike can be directly linked to the death of Adnan Latif, a Yemeni prisoner last September, and the way which the military is now responding has essentially given rise to the mass hunger strike. Jason Leopold; investigative reporter
For more than 11 years, Younous Chekkouri has been behind bars.  They are one of more than 100 of Guantanamo Bay's 166 detainees who are on hunger strike. And they say their protest is being met with brutality.
In the letter obtained by Al Jazeera, Chekkouri describes being sexually assaulted by guards as they search them each time they leaf and returns to their cell in order to talk to their lawyer or their wife. And they say they are not the only one enduring this kind of treatment.
In response to the allegations, the Pentagon described Guantanamo guards as "some of the most professional, most heavily scrutinized guards on the planet" adding that "absurd accusations simply do not withstand intellectual rigor".
Inside Story Americas interviewed Cori Crider, the strategic director for Reprieve, a London-based legal action charity, who is also Chekkouri's attorney. They shared information on their life before they were taken to Guantanamo. According to Crider, Cherkkouri comes from a Sufi family in Morocco, but has not lived in Morocco in many years. They were a travelling student living abroad with their family across the Middle East and South Asia, and was living with their wife and brother in Afghanistan before the US invasion.
Chekkouri was arrested trying to flee the invasion. They have been cleared and awaiting release for a long time now, their lawyer said.
Crider said there is no intention to charge Chekkouri with an offense at any point, and they have tried to take their case to a judge. Chekkouri has done everything they can to pursue the legal avenues available to him, they said, adding that "Barack Obama's task force cleared him, yet still they are there".
Another letter from a Guantanamo detainee, Abdelhadi Faraj, was published on Huffington Post. Faraj is a Syrian national who has been in US custody since 2002. They were cleared for release by a US government inter-agency taskforce in 2010, but remains imprisoned at Guantanamo.
Read Younous Chekkouri's
letter from Guantanamo Bay,
obtained exclusively by
Inside Story Americas.
Click here to read
"It is not unusual for prison guards here to search prisoners' genital parts and their rectum 10 times in a single day. Daily, I am forced into a restraint chair, my arms, legs and chest tied down tight. Big guards grab my head with both hands. I feel like my skull is being crushed. Then, so-called nurses violently push a thick tube down my nostril. Blood rushes out of my nose and mouth. The nurses turn on the feeding solution full throttle. I cannot begin to describe the pain that causes," Faraj's letter says.
It continues: "Recently, a nurse brutally yanked out the force-feeding tube, threw it on my shoulder, and left the cell, leaving me tied down to the chair. Later, the nurse returned to the cell, took the tube off my shoulder and began to reinsert it into my nose. I asked them to cleanse and purify the tube first but they refused. When I later tried to complain to another nurse about the incident, the other nurse threatened to force the feeding tube up my rear, not down my nose, if I did not suspend my hunger strike."
So are conditions for detainees deteriorating even further at Guantanamo Bay?
To discuss this, presenter Shihab Rattansi is joined by guests: Jason Leopold, an investigative reporter and a contributor to Al Jazeera English; and Ramzi Kassem, associate professor of law at the City University of New York..
"It is equally important to step back and look at the large picture. The entire Guantanamo system is built on the disregard for the rule of law .... What we are seeing in Guantanamo today of course is a violation of medical ethics, is a violation of international law." - Ramzi Kassem, associate professor of law at the City University of New York
Source: Al Jazeera
Today, I'm writing something special, outside of the purview of my usual work in the Eye of the Beholder. Today, I'm talking about how to pick up Magic: The Gathering, and begin to play it more actively. As a bit of background, I'm a competitive MTG (Short for Magic: The Gathering) player. I've played at quite a few very large events, including GP Vegas, which I wrote a tournament report for. Now, I decided to talk a little about how to get “into” Magic.
I'm going to assume that most of the people interested in this already have a little knowledge of the game, but if not, I would start by going to a local store and picking up a pair of decks. (They even sell them in packs of two, just for learning the game. Some stores might even offer free decks, just to get you started.) Once you have played around with the game for a while, you are what we in the MTG community call a “kitchen-table player”. Regardless of whether or not you play on kitchen tables, people who play most frequently at home or outside sanctioned tournaments are typically called this by more competitive magic players. That being said, every magic player starts here. Once you have a few cards and a good idea of the basic rules, you should call you local shop again. Most card or comic shops have Magic tournaments, usually held on Friday nights (called Friday Night Magic). Find out when and where they are, then follow the simple steps below as you play in your first magic tournament:
Know what the format is before you go.
Again, make sure you call the shop ahead of time. Know when the tournament is and know what cards are legal. Time and time again I have seen people show up with their favorite kitchen table decks, only to find out the event is standard and they can't play their modern-legal elves deck from Lorwyn. There are basically two types of MTG tournament. There is constructed, the typical Kitchen Table format, where you bring your own deck and use it to defeat your opponents. The other format is limited, where you make a deck on the spot out of packs you open. Frankly, either format is going to be difficult for a beginner to win, but i'm going to give some tips for a new limited player below, so keep your eyes peeled if that interests you. Be prepared.
It is Friday night, usually near dinner time, so either eat dinner before, bring food, or be prepared to go grab some in between rounds. (There is usually time for this.) At large tournaments, some stores sell or give away food, so when you call ask what facilities will be available. Bring something to drink, because stores usually charge outrageous prices for water. Beyond that, make sure you bring your deck if the tournament is constructed and bring a way to keep track of life. Most magic players use dice for this purpose, but I would highly recommend that you use paper. You can take notes on the play (if you are feeling really fancy) and I've never seen a paper tip over and lose track of my life. Dice are usually less lucky. Be courteous.
You never know who you are going to meet at a magic tournament. Some of my best friends played with me at my local shop when I was just starting to learn. If you are seen as friendly, people will help you, teach you new rules, even let you borrow cards. Typical Magic courtesy includes shaking your opponent's hand after the round, letting people borrow dice and not complaining too much when you play. Very little is as annoying as an opponent constantly bemoaning their bad luck, especially when that opponent is new to the game. Often, there is a mistake in your play, so be prepared to admit it and look for friendly help, rather than alienating others by complaining about luck. Have fun.
Okay, that probably sounded cliché, but I truly mean it. Often, Friday Night Magic, or FNM for short, is a weekly tournament the same regulars (and some newcomers) enjoy every single week. They are often relaxed, having fun. It is a great atmosphere to play in, and should not be seen as highly competitive. You are one step up from the kitchen table, but only one step. People are usually generous when it comes to forgiving mistakes, and even the competitive players might be trying some fun and wacky new deck. Relax, remember you are there to have fun, and play some games of Magic.
Limited vs. Constructed
As I mentioned earlier, Magic tournaments have 2 types, each of which is split into a number of formats. So, Constructed magic, where you bring a 60 card deck made at home (with a 15 card sideboard), has a number of formats associated with it. Ask which format your store is playing, and make sure you card are legal in it. Google is your friend for this. Expect more experienced players to have all the cards they need for their deck, and for their decks to be very, very good. Often, newer players are defeated in the first round, because of the probability of playing against more experienced players. Fortunately, few magic tournaments are single elimination, and you can battle on. In limited, the playing field is more even. Someone with no cards could defeat someone with years of experience. But, like in all things, skill matters. Limited magic gives you an even playing field as far as card pools are concerned (and you even get to keep the cards you open!) but, your opponents probably still have a skill plateau over you. I would highly recommend reading up on the basics of drafting or playing sealed online before you enter into an event, just to get yourself up to speed. And remember, there is no shame in asking for help. Open-minded, intelligent people will be able to pick up magic with frightening speed.
What's Next?
Once you have gotten some in-store tournaments under your belt, and you are looking around for the next challenge, there are two more kinds of tournaments in the next tier of competitive magic. PPTQs, or preliminary pro tour qualifiers, are small tournaments with larger entry fees that give you a chance to earn an invite to a PTQ, which will give you an invite to the highly esteemed and possibly quite profitable Pro Tour. The other tournaments, Grand Prix, are large, two day magic tournaments that occur around the world, with thousands of people attending each one. They are more like Magic conventions really, and I would highly recommend going to at least on of these if you are a Magic player, just for the experience.I hope you enjoyed this rather unusual article. If you are a Magic player, and want me to write more about Magic, please send me an email or post a comment below. Thanks for Reading!
243 Shares
This Green Chicken Chili is super flavorful and a little spicy. Best of all, it comes together quickly in the pressure cooker!
This post contains affiliate links.
Like so many others out there, I received an electric pressure cooker for Christmas! Based on my observations on various social media channels, I know that the Instant Pot was a very popular present to give and receive. My parents picked up this Farberware model for me.
I'm just a little bummed that I waited this long to start using an electric pressure cooker. They're so convenient! I love that you can throw an entire meal in there and have it on the table in like half an hour, with hardly any effort on your part.
This chili is as convenient as that, too. Just sauté some vegetables right in the pressure cooker before adding the rest of the ingredients, locking the lid, and stepping away. A little more than half an hour later and you have a seriously delicious chili. I've made it twice in the past two weeks. And since there are only two of us in the house, we get to have leftovers throughout the week. Perfect.
Print Pressure Cooker Green Chicken Chili Prep Time 10 mins Cook Time 25 mins Pressurizing & pressure release 25 mins Total Time 50 mins Course: Main Course, Soup Cuisine: American Author : laurenpacek Ingredients 1 tbs olive oil
1 onion diced
3 cloves garlic, minced
1 jalapeño pepper, minced, seeds and ribs removed (leave the seeds and ribs for a spicier chili)
2 tsp cumin
1 tsp dried oregano
1 lb boneless skinless chicken thighs
1 - 4.5 oz can diced green chiles
1 - 15 oz can green enchilada sauce
1 - 15.5 oz can cannellini beans, drained and rinsed
4 cups chicken broth,
1 cup frozen corn kernels,
salt and pepper, to taste Optional toppings shredded cheddar cheese
sour cream/Greek yogurt
tortilla chips Instructions Add the olive oil to your electric pressure cooker insert. Using the sauté/brown function, heat the oil and cook the onions, garlic, and jalapeño for 3-4 minutes. Add the cumin and oregano and sauté for another minute or two. Add the chicken thighs, diced green chilis, enchilada sauce, cannellini beans, chicken broth, and frozen corn to the pressure cooker insert. Place the lid on and lock it. Cook for 25 minutes on high pressure. Allow the pressure to release naturally. Open the pressure cooker and remove the cooked chicken thighs to a plate. Shred with two forks and return to the chiil. Taste, and add salt and pepper to taste. Ladle into bowls and top with cheese, sour cream/Greek yogurt, and crushed tortilla chips (we like multigrain), if desired. Recipe Notes Notes: A few readers have mentioned, via Facebook and Reddit, that this chili is a bit on the thin side. You can feel free to reduce the amount of chicken broth that you use if you prefer a thicker chicken chili.
Friday on Fox News Channel's “Hannity,” Dr. Sebastian Gorka, deputy assistant to President Donald Trump, discussed their recent interaction with the media, some of which have been adversarial.
Gorka explained host Sean Hannity they were prepared to take on the role of “pit bull” for Trump after clips from their previous MSNBC and CNN appearances were shown.
Transcript as follows:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
DR. SEBASTIAN GORKA, DEPUTY ASSISTANT TO THE PRESIDENT: So you know who leaked the information? Do you have those identities?
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I'm asking, do you believe that —
GORKA: No. I'm asking you. Do you believe —
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Well, I can't answer that, sir.
GORKA: Do you know?
(END VIDEO CLIP)
HANNITY: Dr. Gorka, their beat-down of the liberal media, and did it to the anchors, right to their faces, all week. That's straight ahead.
HANNITY: Welcome back to HANNITY. So this week, one brave member of the Trump administration went into the lion's den over and over again to do battle with the destroy-Trump media. Now, whether they were appearing on CNN or MSNBC, Dr. Sebastian Gorka took the president's message to some pretty dark corners of the fake news sphere, and they came out on top. This is entertaining. Take a look.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
GORKA: More people watch “Nick at Night” cartoons than CNN today.
ALISYN CAMEROTA, CNN ANCHOR: Our ratings are doing just fine. If you want to go there, our ratings are doing just fine.
GORKA: You're 14th. You are now 13th place in national ratings behind “Nick at Night,” which is at 11:00.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You used that line on Monday.
GORKA: Yes, 4 million viewers. You barely scratched 200,000.
In the last nine months, you and your colleagues and the fake news media, CNN, MSNBC, “New York Times” —
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: No, sir.
GORKA: I'm going to finish. I'm going to finish.
Do you know who leaked the information? Do you have those identities?
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I'm asking you. Do you believe that —
GORKA: No. I'm asking you.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Well, I can't answer that, sir.
GORKA: Do you know?
You've seen that leadership from the southern border to NATO to Warsaw to the economy to the stock market, we're crushing it, and they can do that from anywhere.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: All right, well, the White House doesn't crush a stock market.
GORKA: It's a common phrase. It means winning.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Thanks for helping me with a common phrase.
GORKA: You're welcome. Any time.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
(LAUGHTER)
HANNITY: All right, a Gorka beat-down. Joining us now, the man himself, the deputy assistant to the president, Dr. Sebastian Gorka. I just want to point out factually, 50-year reruns of “Yogi Bear,” 25-plus year reruns of “Full House” are what's on at “Nick at Night” that is beating CNN. So you're factually correct. And you took it to them. And I'm glad you did. Why did you decide to do it?
GORKA: Because sooner or later somebody has to push back. We have beautiful, intelligent women like Kellyanne. We've got brave professionals like Sean Spicer. Somebody has to be the president's pit bull. And I'm ready. I'm going to take it to them.
Sean, they had a reputation, CNN in the warzones, MSNBC. It's gone like a puff of smoke. They have a credibility crisis. Think about what they're doing. They've been in this collusion delusion for nine months, not one piece of evidence of any illegal activity, and they spin and they spin. They're tanking. Somebody has to make them wake up, and I'm glad to help them.
HANNITY: Listen, it's something we do on this program almost every night. And we're giving news and information that I argue you really can't get anywhere else. And I even watched about eight minutes last night of a CNN program. It was so shallow, so bitterly partisan, so absolutely factually inaccurate that I couldn't take it anymore. I tweeted it out, and people were like why did you waste eight minutes of your life? We know it's fake news.
But here's the issue. Now we know that there was collusion, there were meetings with paid DNC operatives and the ambassador of Ukraine, and information is passed on to the Hillary Clinton campaign and the DNC. Then you've got the Christopher Steele, Russian dossier, money paid out, Russian information given in that particular case. Comey even wanted to hire the guy. There's so much evidence of collusion on other side, and nobody else is talking about it. This isn't funny at this point.
GORKA: Sean, they've made a decision. My White House colleague Anderson Raven (ph), they coined the phrase last week, the fake news industrial complex. There are two ways to be successful in your business, Sean. One way is to go after the ratings with sensationalism, with lies, lies about Tony Scaramucci, lies about what Mueller is going to testify. Just spin, spin, spin so you make more money.
HANNITY: Everybody has been lied about.
GORKA: Right.
HANNITY: They've gone after you. They've gone after the first lady, the first daughter. They've gone after even an 11-year-old kid, 10 at the time. They've gone after both brothers. They've gone after Reince and Bannon and Kellyanne and Steve Miller, and, by the way, people that support the president and agree with their agenda like me. There's nobody that gets a pass here. They want to kill anybody associated with the president, politically speaking.
GORKA: Sean, they have a psychological issue. It really is a psychological issue. They cannot believe that the American people chose Donald J. Trump to be president. As a result they're in this bubble, they're in this psychological crisis, they're tanking, so they spin, they spin. They want to make more money on ratings so their corporate owners are happy. The only way to be successful in the long term, the only way is to do what you do, Sean. It's about truth. You saw that you're a conservative, but you're interested in the truth, whether it's about Benghazi, the IRS scandal —
HANNITY: Absolutely.
GORKA: — Fast and Furious, they don't care about the truth. Think about their professionalism or their lack of it. Could you imagine a Walter Cronkite or an Edward R. Murrow having a guest on their show, and then after their interview ends, in the next panel they insult the guest when they can't defend himself. That's what Anderson Cooper did this week.
HANNITY: It was pathetic.
GORKA: That's just unprofessional.
HANNITY: And by the way, used a guy that recently died to do it.
GORKA: Yes.
HANNITY: Great job this week. This is — that was important, a line in the sand. And it's about time people start calling them out. Good job, Dr. Gorka. Thanks for being with us.
GORKA: Thanks, Sean.
A Republican state lawmaker in West Virginia said on Thursday that while rape is horrible, it's “beautiful” that a child could be produced in the attack.
According to Huffington Post, Charleston Gazette reporter David Gutman was on the scene when Delegate Brian Kurcaba (R) said, “Obviously rape is awful,” but “What is beautiful is the child that could come from this.”
Kurcaba made the remarks during a House of Delegates discussion of a law outlawing all abortions in the state after 20 weeks' gestation. At 20 weeks, anti-abortion activists and lawmakers allege, a fetus can feel pain and is therefore too viable to abort.
The bill was passed by West Virginia Republicans in 2014, but vetoed by Democratic Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin. Now the state GOP has revived the bill and voted to remove an exception for victims of rape and incest.
Kurcaba's remarks echo a string of embarrassing statements by Republicans regarding rape and women's bodies.
In 2012, Missouri's Rep. Todd Akin said that pregnancy can't result from rape because “If it's legitimate rape, the female body has ways to try to shut the whole thing down.”
Indiana Senate candidate Richard Mourdock said that while sexual assaults are unfortunate, the resulting pregnancy is a “gift from God.”
Libertarian favorite Rep. Ron Paul (R-TX) made statements of their own implying that women routinely fabricate rape stories in order to get abortions.
“If it's an honest rape,” said Paul, physicians should allow the victim to abort, but otherwise, women should not be able to terminate their pregnancies just because they claim to have been raped.
Republican leaders convened an emergency meeting in 2013 urging the rank and file to stop talking about rape altogether lest it further alienate women voters, who have been abandoning the Republican Party in droves.
Nonetheless, Kurcaba — a financial advisor who was elected in 2014 — appears eager to bring discussions of rape back into the dialogue about women's access to reproductive health care.
In 2004, Dana Milbank dubbed President George W. Bush's White House the “Friday Night Presidency” for its practice of hiding controversial press releases at the end of the news cycle. Bush's Friday night surprises included approving a Texas redistricting plan, a report that household incomes had dropped for three straight years, and news that the EPA was loosening regulations.
The Obama administration is also no stranger to dumping unpopular news on Friday night, and a long-awaited report on the Keystone XL pipeline last week was enough to give environmentalists a weekend of heartburn. At 3:30pm on Friday, the State Department released a 2,000 page analysis of the Keystone XL pipeline proposal that progressives hoped would highlight the negative environmental impacts of the project. Instead, the report found Keystone would have “no significant impacts to most resources along the proposed Project route.“ The news isn't pleasing some progressives, with groups like the Sierra Club already registering their “outrage” and calling the report “malpractice.”
Friday night releases by the current White House have stoked liberal ire before. On October 14th, 2011, the administration announced it was ending the Affordable Care Act's long-term care insurance option, citing concerns of financial sustainability.
But like their predecessor, President Obama has also used the tactic to muffle news that would irk their opponents. On Friday March 16, 2012, the Health and Human Services Department slipped-in a requirement that religiously-affiliated employers provide insurance that covers contraception. And the Department of Homeland Security announced it was halting the deportation of young undocumented immigrants on Friday June 15th, 2012.
The Friday night news dump is a time-honored tradition in politics, but it no longer ensures the news is hidden from the public eye. Alex Wagner and the NOW panel discussed the political implications of the State Department report on Keystone, and how the president may need to mitigate a liberal backlash.
Newswise — ITHACA, NY — Disney made a lucrative industry out of princesses. With the release of “Maleficent” earlier this year — which drops on Blu-Ray, DVD and digital download on Nov. 4 — they may have discovered a new vein in that marketing gold mine: misunderstood bad girls.
The film, which stars Angelina Jolie in the titular role, casts light on the previously one-dimensional — that is to say, evil — character in Disney's 1959 classic “Sleeping Beauty.” For Katherine Kittredge, a professor of English at Ithaca College whose research includes fantasy, science fiction and gender studies, revisions like this speak to a broader cultural shift.
“We are no longer comfortable with villains (or heroes) who do not have a backstory,” they said. “The backstory makes them human characters rather than weaker villains.”
Maleficent's new backstory forms the core narrative of this retelling of the Sleeping Beauty story. In fact, Kittredge notes that the Maleficent character is actually a Disney invention, as well. The “bad fairy” that plunges the princess into sleep isn't developed in the Brothers Grimm fairy tale on which both films are based.
“So the film ‘Maleficent' is really the Disney Corporation rewriting their own tale, which is different from rewriting a classic fairytale,” Kittredge said. “Although perhaps we could say that at this point the ‘classic' Disney films have taken the place of the older tales.”
Kittredge notes the trend of sympathetic backstories is evident in Disney's massive hit “Frozen,” which came out six months before “Maleficent.” Both films show the villains-turned-protagonists as young girls with significant powers, but ultimately left alone in the world. Eventually Maleficent, like Elsa the Snow Queen, reconcile with and reintegrate into society.
In both tales, the characters' powers aren't defined as evil, either. Rather it's how they abuse that power after being mistreated. “It seems the primary message is that a woman should accept their own power but wield it unselfishly, and that ultimately it will be human relationships that make them happy,” Kittredge said.
They also find it curious that it was a non-romantic relationship — in the case of Maleficent, as surrogate mother to Princess Aurora — that winds up “saving” these characters.
“We seem to have gotten to the point where we can think of powerful women as sisters or mothers, but we don't quite know what to do with them as potential romantic partners,” Kittredge said.
###
From day one, Ithaca College prepares students for personal and professional success through hands-on experience with internships, research and study abroad. Its integrative curriculum builds bridges across disciplines and uniquely blends liberal arts and professional study. Located in New York's Finger Lakes region, the College is home to 6,100 undergraduate and 460 graduate students and offers over 100 degree programs in its schools of Business, Communications, Humanities and Sciences, Health Sciences and Human Performance, and Music.
In these times, it seems, the abnormal has now become acceptable. As America's debt and deficit spiral from a parade of billion dollar bailouts and stimulus packages, fund managers, foreign governments and big retail investors reckon they will get more peace of mind by stashing their cash, rather than putting it toward any of the higher-yielding risk that is entailed in stocks, corporate bonds and consumer debt.
The rapid decline in Treasury yields — which since summer have headed toward lows not seen since the end of the World War II — also renders the Federal Reserve less effective, as investors and banks stuff the money that the central bank is pumping into the financial system into Treasuries, rather than fanning it out across the broader economy.
“The last time this happened was the Great Depression, when people are willing to accept no return on their money, or possibly even a negative return,” said Edward Yardeni, an independent analyst. “If people are so busy during the day just protecting the cash they have, it's not a good sign.”
Stocks fell sharply as investors digested the implications. The Dow Jones industrial average dropped 242.85 points, or 2.72 percent, to 8,691.33, and the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index declined 2.31 percent, to 888.67. The Nasdaq composite index lost 1.55 percent, to 1,547.34.
If there is a silver lining to the Treasury market's gyrations, it is that the United States can borrow money more cheaply from investors, whether they be the governments of China or Japan, or big fund managers. That could help Washington finance various programs intended to revive the ailing economy.
Borrowing by the Treasury has already ballooned since Congress approved the $700 billion financial rescue plan, and policymakers expect the federal budget deficit to swell further next year as the Big Three automakers and other industries look for support.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“That sucking sound is all the world's capital going into the U.S. Treasury market,” Mr. Yardeni said, “which means the Treasury and the Fed can tap into that liquidity pool to finance TARP and offer mortgages at 4.5 percent.”
While that may offset some of the expense of the bailouts, economists say the fact that the United States must borrow so much to prop up large parts of the economy is a big cause for concern.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
There are several explanations for the flight to safety in the bond market. The world of short-term money market funds, for instance, is still reeling from troubles at the Reserve Primary Fund, a money market fund frozen in September after it lost money on investments in Lehman Brothers. Since then, individual and large investors have put more than $200 billion into money funds that only invest in safe Treasury bills, according to iMoneyNet, a financial data publisher. At the same time, investors have withdrawn nearly $400 billion from prime funds.
That has forced portfolio managers to buy Treasury bills, driving down yields. “That group of investors has to invest in something,” said Max Bublitz, chief strategist at SCM Advisors. “They don't have the luxury of saying, ‘I will stick it in the mattress.' ”
Yields for longer term Treasury securities have also slumped, with the 10-year now yielding 2.64 percent, down from 2.7 percent Monday and 3.75 percent a month earlier. That decline appears to reflect several other forces. Many investors are seeking safety because they believe that the economy is in its worst recession since the Depression. Rather than inflation, which was a worry for some a few months ago, many are now worried about deflation, or falling prices.
Thomas H. Atteberry, a bond fund manager, said at current prices the market is predicting that the United States will suffer the kind of “lost decade” that Japan suffered in the 1990s.
“I have a hard time justifying that,” said Mr. Atteberry, a partner at First Pacific Advisors. “The Fed seems much more upfront about boosting its balance sheet by creating money.”
Another reason, analysts say, that Treasury yields may be falling is that foreign investors are using American government securities to protect themselves against the falling value of their own currencies. Many investors are also pulling money out of mutual funds and hedge funds, forcing portfolio managers to sell more risky assets and hold Treasuries, which are easier to sell.
And some fund managers are simply looking to dress up their portfolios before the year ends.
“There is no doubt that there is potentially some hoarding of cash in anticipation of potential redemptions,” said David Kovacs, a strategist at Turner Investment Partners. “People want to own it to show that they played it safe by year-end.”
Transcript for US Launches Airstrike in Iraq Against ISIS
This is an ABC news special. Crisis in Iraq. And good morning and Dan Harris -- -- briefly when news of an American air strike in Iraq the Obama administration taking military action in a war the president claimed to have ended several years ago just a short while ago. US military announcing it has carried out an -- to knock out artillery. Being used by Islamist militants and ABC's Martha Raddatz broke the news of this mission and they join us now from Washington with the latest Martha -- now. Dan the president of course as you know authorized airstrikes last night they've already carried out humanitarian missions with air drops. That this airstrike just came a short while ago aimed at an artillery piece -- mobile artillery piece near -- -- Them -- is under great threat that is why the president chose to act Central Command carried it out with two F eighteen fighter jets dropping 500. Pound bombs on the artillery. They believed that Americans were threatened because there are Americans. In their BO and they do not want those ice their troops moving on their BO. I think you're going to see this as an ongoing mission in the coming days that if those ice -- convoys move as the president said last night they will also try to strike those convoys. Been very difficult targeting this does crisis fighters those terrorists. In Northern Iraq through outer rock blend in with the civilian population so I think if if they -- targets of opportunity like they did this morning -- picked up. So got two things gone now we've got the -- -- fighters moving closer to air bill which is a city where there are a lot of Americans know we have this humanitarian crisis would the Christian community on top of the mountain surrounded by fighters how worried is the Obama administration right now -- being sucked back into this war that they claim to have. And did back in 2011. Well you heard the president say last night -- that we will not be sucked back into a larger war that there is no military solution. But being willing to even carry out these smaller air strikes really does put the US back in -- combat role. The president says there are no combat boots on the ground in this will not be large but we are in a combat role right now with airstrikes carried out there. Exactly the position the Obama administration did not want to be and Martha Raddatz thank you we're -- return out of our regular programming. In some parts of America that's Good Morning America there will be a complete wrap up tonight on world news -- Diane sore. And you get the latest news any time they won it on abcnews.com. For now I'm Dan Harris in New York. Have a great day. This has been a special report. From ABC news.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Heat gets a bad rap for fueling human hostility. But what's the deal when the mercury drops? The cold effect has been somewhat less studied, although there are hints that being uncomfortably chilly can contribute to conflict in some situations and quell it in others.
A Swiss-led group using tree-ring data to look at Central European summer climate patterns during roughly 2,500 years saw that periods of prolonged warming and of colder than usual spells coincided with social upheavals. As they reported online in January 2011 in Science, the researchers uncovered cold periods that overlapped with raucous historical events ranging from a Celtic expansion around 350 b.c. to modern migrations from Europe to the Americas in the 1800s.
Likewise, a series of laboratory experiments dating to the mid-1970s suggest uncomfortable cold, as with uncomfortable heat, can push people's aggression buttons. There is a debate about whether this effect tapers off at temperature extremes [see box]. But from lab findings alone, it seems feasible that cold could stir up as much trouble as heat.
Nevertheless, most real-world studies suggest assaults—and many other crimes—wane in winter months and during cold snaps when temperatures dip below what is considered comfortable in a given climate. There are exceptions, including crime spikes in December and January, although researchers tend to attribute those to confounding circumstances such as the holiday season rather than the cold and more hours of darkness.
Such real-life patterns point to cold's potential for curbing crime and reflect some of the difficulties associated with trying to study crime triggers in a controlled setting. Unlike the lab, for instance, where scientists get final say over the temperature, people at large in the world are typically at liberty to add a layer or two. Experts also note that it is generally easier to get back to a comfortable body temperature when it gets nippy than when it is excessively hot.
Hot and cold weather prompt very different human behaviors. Whereas many heads outside when the heat is on, extreme cold dissuades all but a hardy few from venturing out more than necessary, decreasing the chances that a would-be victim will run into a potential perpetrator. So although there are hints that cold snaps hasten upheavals and spark some forms of social stress, it seems that chilly temperatures could be off the hook when it comes to causing crime—at least for now.
Too Hot to Be Angry?
Multiple studies have proposed a link between hot weather and violent crime rates. Yet debate rages over whether aggression wanes at very high temperatures. Some interpretations of data for U.S. cities suggest temperature and violent crimes such as aggravated assault share a linear relation, with violence increasing at ever hotter temperatures. Other researchers argue that crime curves level off or even dip in supersweltering situations in ways that can vary with the time of day, the nature of the crime and even the season studied.
In an NFL draft class robust with defensive linemen, a player who has already proven to be among the NFL elite might be the name to watch on the opening night of the draft: the New York Jets' Muhammad Wilkerson. If Wilkerson, a defensive end, is traded, the Jets' asking price will be a first-round pick, and that alone might not get the deal done, multiple team sources told Yahoo Sports.
Muhammad Wilkerson (AP)
At this point, Wilkerson is still on the block. They could be traded in the coming weeks. They could be traded on the first day of the draft. But if that doesn't happen, Wilkerson may not get dealt, and the Jets will continue to work on a potential extension. He's currently locked into next season under the franchise tag, at a cost of $15.701 million.  They are in a group of multiple players under the tag who have varying levels of difficulty ahead with new long-term deals. Wilkerson, however, is the most pressing due to their availability on the trade market.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
One team that appears off the board, at least at the moment, is the Chicago Bears. The Bears are unlikely to part with their first-round pick (11th overall) because of the high quality defensive line depth in this draft, a league source said. Acquiring Wilkerson would require subtracting another key draft piece, as well as a massive new contract, although Chicago has ample salary-cap space to accommodate such a new deal for Wilkerson.
Story continues
A trade partner for Wilkerson has become more difficult to find because of four factors. First, partners require the cap space to sign Wilkerson to one of the richer defensive end deals in NFL history. The starting point of that negotiation has been ratcheted up by the contract Olivier Vernon landed in free agency. Vernon landed with the New York Giants at a clip of $17 million per season, $52.5 million of which is guaranteed. Wilkerson's next deal will be expected to start in that neighborhood. That's a problem. Second, a team has to surrender the resources to acquire him, and that includes a first-round pick (if not more). Third, no deal can be consummated until Wilkerson works out financial terms with a suitor, which in essence gives them the power to veto any trade if they don't like the destination. In an awkward way, the Jets would essentially have to relent on Wilkerson being courted by teams while satisfying their trade requirements and still being under their franchise tag. And, finally, Wilkerson suffered a broken leg at the end of last season. Although he's expected to be fully healed and ready to go by training camp, any interested teams will require them to pass a physical for a deal to be consummated. That's all but impossible to do on draft day, meaning it would have to be done beforehand.
That's a lot to ask in short time before the draft kicks off on April 28. That's what might keep Wilkerson on the Jets' roster for at least one more season.
Here's a look at how the negotiations of other franchise-tagged players are shaping up …
(AP)
Von Miller, OLB, Denver Broncos
Tag amount: $14.129 million
Where it stands: This one has the potential to get messy this offseason. The Broncos don't like some of the top-tier defensive deals that the free-agent market has produced. They think two in particular were overpaid: Miami Dolphins defensive tackle Ndamukong Suh (who's making over $19 million per year) and Kansas City Chiefs outside linebacker Justin Houston (who signed a six-year $101 million deal last offseason). That viewpoint could end up being a problem because those deals impact how Denver sees Miller's next contract. Particularly the Suh deal, since Miller has ascended to rarified air among their NFL peers. Multiple league sources have spelled it out at this stage: The Broncos want to slot Miller ahead of Houston, but below Suh, somewhere in the neighborhood of $18 million per season. At this moment, that hasn't gotten the deal done because the market changed this offseason. Specifically, the New York Giants blew out the contract of edge rusher Olivier Vernon, putting them on a $17-million-per-year plateau. The Broncos have bucked the market, getting "priced out" of their own free agents in Malik Jackson, Brock Osweiler and Danny Trevathan. Now Denver is looking at a changed market for edge rushers with the Vernon deal, and confronted with a serious question: If the market dictates that Vernon is worth $17 million per season, what is Miller worth? The Broncos' answer to that will dictate how difficult their next round of negotiations with Miller will be. And it's not looking like an easy deal.
(AP)
Josh Norman, CB, Carolina Panthers
Tag amount:
$13.952 million
Where it stands: A little like Von Miller in Denver, this could get messy before anything gets done. Norman has unambiguously voiced their displeasure with the franchise tag system, notably after watching some jaw-dropping contracts for elite defensive free agents this offseason. Had Norman been in the class, they had a chance to sign one of the top five richest deals on the open market. But they aren't, and the Panthers have been OK with keeping them another season at what could be perceived as a discounted rate. Carolina doesn't see it that way. Multiple league sources have said the Panthers view Norman's tag rate for what it is: a one-year deal that pays them like he's among the big "elite four," with Darrelle Revis, Patrick Peterson and Richard Sherman. Norman sees it like this: the New York Giants signed Janoris Jenkins (who is a Norman easily outclasses) to a deal that averages $12.5 million per season. If Jenkins is worth that, Norman believes they would have landed a deal in free agency that placed them as the highest-paid cornerback in the NFL. The asking price is a deal averaging $15 million to $16 million per season, a league source says. Carolina isn't ready to pay that, and is more than happy to let them play this season under the tag. This one isn't likely to get settled until late into the offseason, if at all this year. And Norman may not sign the tag and show up to offseason workouts in protest.
(AP)
Kirk Cousins, QB, Washington Redskins
Tag amount:
$19.953 million
Where it stands: The Redskins have made a few efforts to get a long-term deal done with Cousins, but multiple league sources have told Yahoo Sports that Washington has come to the realization that it's going to take a "legitimate" franchise quarterback deal to make that happen. Here's what that means: Cousins isn't going the Colin Kaepernick route and signing a deal with "trap doors" inserted into it, which would give the Redskins the ability to exit after one or two years. Cousins wants an old-school, franchise quarterback contract that locks the Redskins into a lengthy commitment. That means something in the range of $19 million per year with $40 million guaranteed. Considering what Brock Osweiler got from the Houston Texans this offseason with far less experience (and statistical accomplishments), that's the market. Will it happen? That might depend on how Cousins looks in the offseason program and minicamp. Right now, the Redskins view Cousins as a backup who ascended into a starting role. Eventually, a threshold has to be crossed where they see them as the centerpiece of the franchise. Until that happens, an ironclad long-term deal isn't getting done.
(AP)
Eric Berry, S, Kansas City Chiefs
Tag amount:
$10.806 million
Where it stands: The Chiefs are neck-deep in draft grinding right now, so Berry is on the back burner for the short term. This isn't a sign of problems. The negotiations to get Berry extended will pick up after the draft. And it will emerge as the top priority for the Chiefs. Berry wants to be in Kansas City. He's emotionally attached to the city, fan base and franchise. They have a great relationship with the coaching staff and front office. That mutual admiration will go a long way. It also helps that the Chiefs are short on cap space and getting a long-term deal done will provide some wiggle room. While safety negotiations can be precarious from a respect standpoint and sometimes unpredictable, Berry is elite and he'll land a contract that should exceed the deal signed by the New England Patriots' Devin McCourty last offseason. That was for $47.5 million over five years, with $28.5 million guaranteed. If Berry takes less than that, he's giving the Chiefs a discount.
(AP)
Alshon Jeffery, WR, Chicago Bears
Tag amount:
$14.599 million
Where it stands: Much like the Chiefs with Eric Berry, multiple sources have said the Bears are locked in on the draft and will make a push on a long-term deal with Jeffery later in the offseason. And Jeffery is at peace with it, given their franchise tag (though restrictive) is dialed in at elite receiver money. It would be a stretch to say he's excited to play under the tag, but this is one of the situations where the price is at least in the upper reaches of their position. Negotiation prospects are solid in this case. The Bears are motivated to extend him. Jeffery knows and loves the city of Chicago, he's been involved with the community there, and they have a good relationship with the coaching staff and general manager Ryan Pace. And when Chicago has kicked tires in the draft process, their most serious work at wideout has been on guys who aren't presumed No. 1 receivers. Jeffery has some incentive to play it slow. Their tag is lucrative enough to do that. He'll seek a deal north of the five-year, $55 million contract signed by the Kansas City Chiefs' Jeremy Maclin last offseason (which included $22.5 million in guaranteed money). It may ultimately end up slotting between that deal and the five-year, $65 million extension signed by Indianapolis Colts wideout T.Y. Hilton in 2015, which included $28 million guaranteed.
(USA TODAY Sports)
Cordy Glenn, OT, Buffalo Bills
Tag amount:
$13.706 million
Where it stands: The Bills have moved Glenn's new deal to the top of their list of priorities. They have some breathing room under the salary cap, albeit not a significant amount. Glenn's tag amount puts them into elite tackle territory for this season, which is a tad high given their career arc. But the Bills see them as an ascending cornerstone in the franchise, and they'll ultimately pay them like it. This will be a tough negotiation that might take a while. Ultimately, the deal signed by Indianapolis Colts left tackle Anthony Castonzo last offseason will likely be where this lands. That was for an average of slightly less than $11 million per season with $35 million guaranteed. Some might gripe that Glenn hasn't yet reached Pro Bowl or All-Pro status, but take a look at Castonzo's career. They haven't, either. Despite a rough finale last season, Glenn is one of the better young left tackles in the NFL. Those guys get paid. Glenn will, too. And the Bills know it.
(AP)
Trumaine Johnson, CB, Los Angeles Rams
Tag amount: $13.952 million
Where it stands: Like the Chiefs' Eric Berry and Bears' Jeffery, this negotiation is in a holding pattern until after the draft. It's also a round of talks that could get pushed sideways a bit by the Giants' deal with Janoris Jenkins. There's a correlation factor in play here. The Rams tagged Johnson over Jenkins, a clear indicator of which player they felt was a better building block. Jenkins' deal with the Giants, one that averages $12.5 million per season, put an unexpected baseline in place for Johnson. The older player the Rams liked less (Jenkins) got paid far more than anyone could have imagined. That doesn't mean Johnson's negotiations become a problem. It's just tougher for the Rams. Los Angeles likes Johnson a great deal and would like to get an extension done. It was encouraged by their rebound from injuries in 2014 and sees them as a potential defensive cornerstone. That doesn't mean the Rams are willing to pay them elite cornerback money right now. If an extension happens, and it's a big if after seeing Jenkins' deal in New York, this will likely be a last-minute offseason agreement. The Rams may tip their hand in the draft on this one, too. Should a cornerback be added relatively early, it would likely be an insurance policy against losing Johnson in free agency next offseason.
Justin Tucker, K, Baltimore Ravens
Tag amount: $4.572 million
Where it stands: We have not yet reached the point when kicker negotiations become a big problem, and Tucker isn't likely to be the guy who changes that. At 26, he's arguably the best kicker in the NFL. Their salary will eventually be slotted there, alongside (or slightly north of) the deal of New England's Stephen Gostkowski. That contract was worth $17.2 million over four years, with $10.1 million in guaranteed money. The Ravens don't have a wealth of cap space, so getting Tucker done and spreading their guaranteed money over the length of their deal will help a little bit. Tucker wants to be in Baltimore and the Ravens want them back. This will get done eventually.
(AP)
2016 NFL draft prospects
Posted by: The Chosen One / Category: Kids Zone Video / No Comments
If you're worried about how to teach Islamic values to your young children in a way that will keep them interested, Adam's World is one of the most powerful tools in your struggle. With the media bombarding our children with unIslamic values daily, we need to communicate Islam to this next generation of Muslims with the same tools that attract our children's attention. That's why Adam's World is so necessary.
This is the second episode of the world famous Adam's World children's video series, what some call the“Muslim Sesame Street”.
In Adam's World 2, Adam takes a trip with their trusty trans-visualizer to Turkey and also gets to taste some fantastic Turkish food! And if you're wondering why Adam is dressed the way they are on the cover of this great video, it's because he's become a king in one of the video's segments! But they realize that power in Islam, means more than just eating great food and dressing in fine clothes! Adam also learns about the importance of patience and cleanliness in Islam, a theme which is even more important after Adam meets Morris Muckster, a man who hasn't taken a bath in 27 years!
Please support the production, buy the DVD at Sound Vision Inc.
Adam's World 2 – Happy to be a Muslim Rate this post Rate this post
Top BTC Pools: Escape the Financial Meltdown – The Affluence Network
We would like to thank you for visiting us in looking for “Top BTC Pools” online. A lot of people choose to use a money deflation, notably those who need to save. Despite the criticism and skepticism, a cryptocurrency coin may be better suited for some applications than others. Monetary seclusion, for instance, is great for political activists, but more debatable when it comes to political campaign funding. We need a stable cryptocurrency for use in trade; in case you are living pay check to pay check, it'd take place as part of your riches, with the rest reserved for other currencies. For most users of cryptocurrencies it's not necessary to understand how the process works in and of itself, but it is simply important to understand that there's a process of mining to create virtual money. Unlike monies as we understand them now where Authorities and banks can only choose to print endless quantities (I am not saying they're doing thus, just one point), cryptocurrencies to be operated by users using a mining software, which solves the complex algorithms to release blocks of monies that can enter into circulation. Ethereum is an incredible cryptocurrency platform, however, if growth is too quickly, there may be some issues. If the platform is adopted fast, Ethereum requests could rise dramatically, and at a rate that surpasses the rate with which the miners can create new coins. Under such a scenario, the entire stage of Ethereum could become destabilized due to the increasing costs of running distributed programs. In turn, this could dampen interest Ethereum stage and ether. Uncertainty of demand for ether can lead to an adverse change in the economic parameters of an Ethereum based company which could result in company being unable to continue to run or to cease operation. You have probably heard this often where you generally distribute the great word about crypto. “It is not volatile? What happens if the value failures? ” sofar, several POS devices presents free transformation of fiat, improving some problem, but before the volatility cryptocurrencies is addressed, most of the people will soon be reluctant to put up any. We have to discover a way to struggle the volatility that's inherent in cryptocurrencies. The physical Internet backbone that carries information between the different nodes of the network is now the work of a number of companies called Internet service providers (ISPs), including companies that offer long-distance pipelines, sometimes at the international level, regional local conduit, which finally links in homes and businesses. The physical connection to the Internet can only occur through any of these ISPs, players like level 3, Cogent, and IBM AT&T. Each ISP runs its own network. Internet service providers Exchange IXPs, owned or private firms, and sometimes by Governments, make for each of these networks to be interconnected or to transfer messages across the network. Many ISPs have agreements with suppliers of physical Internet backbone providers to offer Internet service over their networks for “last mile”-consumers and companies who need to get Internet connectivity. Internet protocols, followed by everyone in the network makes it possible for the data to flow without interruption, in the correct area at the perfect time.
While none of these organizations “owns” the Internet collectively these firms decide how it operates, and established rules and standards that everyone remains. Contracts and legal framework that underlies all that's occurring to ascertain how things work and what happens if something goes wrong. To get a domain name, for instance, one needs consent from a Registrar, which has a contract with ICANN. To connect to the Internet, your ISP must be physical contracts with providers of Internet backbone services, and suppliers have contracts with IXPs from the Internet backbone to attach to and with them Concern over security issues? A working group is formed to work with the problem and the alternative developed and deployed is in the interest of most parties. If the Internet is down, you might have someone to call to get it repaired. If the difficulty is from your ISP, they in turn have contracts in place and service level agreements, which govern the manner in which these problems are resolved.
The benefit of cryptocurrency is that it uses blockchain technology. The network of nodes the makeup the blockchain is not regulated by any centralized firm. No one can tell the miners to upgrade, speed up, slow down, stop or do anything. And that's something that as a committed advocate badge of honour, and is identical to the way the Internet operates. But as you understand now, public Internet governance, normalities and rules that govern how it works present built-in problems to the user. Blockchain technology has none of that.
Top BTC Pools – The Affluence Network – The Coin That Unit The World & People
Only a fraction of bitcoins issued so far can be found on the exchange markets. Bitcoin markets are competitive, which suggests the cost a bitcoin will rise or fall depending on supply and demand. Lots of people hoard them for long term savings and investment. This restricts the quantity of bitcoins that are truly circulating in the exchanges. Additionally, new bitcoins will continue to be issued for decades to come. Therefore, even the most diligent buyer couldn't buy all existing bitcoins. This situation isn't to suggest that markets will not be exposed to price manipulation, yet there is certainly no need for substantial amounts of money to move market prices up or down. The smallest events on earth market can affect the cost of Bitcoin, This can make Bitcoin and any other cryptocurrency explosive. This mining task validates and records the transactions across the whole network. So if you are attempting to do something prohibited, it is not recommended because everything is recorded in the public register for the rest of the world to see forever. Cryptocurrency is freeing people to transact cash and do business on their terms. Each user can send and receive payments in an identical way, but they also participate in more complicated smart contracts. Multiple signatures enable a transaction to be supported by the network, but where a specific number of a defined group of folks consent to sign the deal, blockchain technology makes this possible. This permits advanced dispute mediation services to be developed in the foreseeable future. These services could enable a third party to approve or reject a transaction in the event of disagreement between the other parties without checking their cash. Unlike cash and other payment procedures, the blockchain always leaves public evidence that the transaction happened. This can be potentially used in an appeal against businesses with deceptive practices. As one of the earliest forms of making money is in cash lending, it really is a fact that you can do this with cryptocurrency. Most of the lending sites currently focus on business of Bitcoin, but I am sure there will be one or two who'll already have arrived in/nearby that may give other monies. Some sites are currently out: valves: these are sites where you fill in a captcha after a certain time period and are rewarded with a little amount of coins for that faucet. You can visit the www.cryptofunds.co web site to locate some lists of pat into the currency of your choice in the Knowledge Base section. Some sites of pat include: Unlike forex, stocks and options, etc., altcoin markets have very different dynamics. The new ones are always popping up which means they do not have a lot of market data and historical view for you to backtest against. Most altcoins have fairly inferior liquidity as well. How to develop a sensible strategy and analyze it in the light of these issues? When searching on the internet forTop BTC Pools, there are many things to think of.
Top BTC Pools: Why Affluence Network? You Can't Afford Not To
Click here to visit our home page and learn more about Top BTC Pools. Cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin, LiteCoin, Ether, The Affluence Network, and many others have already been designed as a non-fiat currency. In other words, its backers claim that there is “actual” value, even through there isn't any physical representation of that value. The value grows due to computing power, that's, is the only way to create new coins distributed by allocating CPU power via computer programs called miners. Miners create a block after a time frame which is worth an ever decreasing amount of currency or some type of wages to be able to ensure the shortfall. Each coin includes many smaller units. For Bitcoin, each unit is called a satoshi. Once created, each Bitcoin (or 100 million satoshis) exists as a cipher, that is part of the block that gave rise to it. Anyone who has mined the coin holds the address, and transfers it to some value is provided by another address, which is a “wallet” file stored on a computer. The blockchain is where the public record of trades lives. Most all cryptocurrencies function as Bitcoin does.
The fact that there is little evidence of any increase in using virtual money as a currency may be the reason why there are minimal attempts to regulate it. The reason for this could be just that the marketplace is too little for cryptocurrencies to justify any regulatory effort. Additionally it is possible that the regulators just don't understand the technology and its implications, expecting any developments to act. Mining cryptocurrencies is how new coins are placed into circulation. Because there's no government control and crypto coins are digital, they cannot be printed or minted to make more. The mining process is what makes more of the coin. It may be useful to think about the mining as joining a lottery group, the pros and cons are just the same. Mining crypto coins means you'll really get to keep the total benefits of your efforts, but this reduces your chances of being successful. Instead, joining a pool means that, overall, members are going to have much higher potential for solving a block, but the reward will be divided between all members of the pool, according to the number of “shares” won.
If you are considering going it alone, it's worth noting that the software settings for solo mining can be more complicated than with a pool, and beginners would be likely better take the latter route. This option also creates a secure stream of revenue, even if each payment is small compared to fully block the benefit. The sweetness of the cryptocurrencies is the fact that fraud was proved an impossibility: due to the dynamics of the protocol where it is transacted. All purchases over a crypto-currency blockchain are irreversible. When youare paid, you get paid. This isn't something short term wherever your web visitors may challenge or need a refund, or use illegal sleight of palm. In practice, many traders would be a good idea to use a fee processor, because of the irreversible dynamics of crypto-currency deals, you should ensure that safety is difficult. With any kind of crypto-currency whether a bitcoin, ether, litecoin, or the numerous different altcoins, thieves and hackers might get access to your private tips and so grab your cash. Sadly, you probably will never obtain it back. It is quite crucial for you yourself to embrace some great safe and sound methods when coping with any cryptocurrency. Doing so will protect you from all of these damaging events. Here is the coolest thing about cryptocurrencies; they do not physically exist everywhere, not even on a hard drive. When you examine a special address for a wallet containing a cryptocurrency, there is absolutely no digital information held in it, like in the same manner that the bank could hold dollars in a bank account. It's nothing more than a representation of worth, but there is no genuine palpable type of that worth. Cryptocurrency wallets may not be seized or immobilized or audited by the banks and the law. They would not have spending limits and withdrawal limitations imposed on them. No one but the person who owns the crypto wallet can decide how their wealth will be managed. If you are looking for Top BTC Pools , look no further than The Affluence Network.
Top BTC Pools: Everybody Wins: TAN
Entrepreneurs in the cryptocurrency movement may be wise to investigate possibilities for making massive ammonts of money with various forms of internet marketing.There could be a rich reward for anyone daring enough to brave the cryptocurrency markets.Bitcoin design provides an instructive example of how one might make a lot of money in the cryptocurrency markets. Bitcoin is an outstanding intellectual and technical accomplishment, and it's created an avalanche of editorial coverage and venture capital investment opportunities. But not many people understand that and pass up on very profitable business models made accessible because of the growing use of blockchain technology. It should be challenging to get more small increases (~ 10%) throughout the day. Study how to read these Candlestick charts! And I found these two rules to be accurate: having small increases is more profitable than attempting to resist up to the summit. Most day traders follow Candlestick, so it's better to examine novels than wait for order confirmation when you think the price is going down. Second, there's more unpredictability and compensation in monies that have not made it to the profitableness of websites like Coinwarz.
Through an ill-fated combination of being delivered unto this world in 1990 and my family not connecting to the internet until around the year 2000, I often feel I missed out on huge swathes of culturally significant internet culture.
But today I saw the dancing baby for the first time ever and I made peace with myself.
Once you've got over your outrage at how and why I work at Motherboard, Web 2.0's leading cultural technology news site, relax, and let me tell you about my wholesome day spent visiting 64 Bits, 'An Exhibition of the Web's Lost Past', now on at London's Here East.
The creation of "Digital Archaeologist" Jim Boulton, a digital director at creative firm Aesop Agency, 64 Bits is a journey from 1991's very first website all the way to the death of Web 1.0 in around 2005, with all the weird shit in between.
One of the first ever e-commerce sites. Pizza Hut. Order your pizza online. Image: Ben Sullivan
Housed inside authentic machines dating from throughout the 90s, exhibits chart the bizarre and wonderful online happenings of the early web. Believe it or not, I had never before seen Deirdre LaCarte's 1990 viral hit 'The Hampster Dance' (later released as a music single, which I definitely had heard).
Motherboard Editor Carl Franzen explains hamsters to me in our Slack channel. Image: Ben Sullivan
Aside from showcasing some incredible early web projects, including a city creator built in 2002, years before Minecraft came along, the machines themselves are a spectacle too. Safe to say I had not even seen many of them in real life before.
Motherboard editor Emanuel Maiberg reminisces about Apple's heyday. Image: Ben Sullivan
Dr Fun, the first web cartoon. The Blue Dot, one of the web's first online art galleries. A freaky website created especially for the release of 2000's Requiem for a Dream. One amazingly anachronistic selfie machine, in the form of an ancient webcam hooked up to a dot matrix printer, will print off your very own ASCII portrait. It's all here, if you remember the web before it started going downhill, anyway.
A reproduction of Bell Labs' 1967 Nude ASCII portrait. Image: Ben Sullivan
It's all very strange really. Usually you'd expect some kind of physical and historical detachment when visiting museum exhibits, but with 64 Bits, everything feels so uncanny, but aged. Boulton told Motherboard that when their ideas for 64 Bits first started forming in 2010, it was way too early for people to care about the history of the web in this way. "You could buy an old Mac for $5, too," they said. Seven years later, it's a different story. "The web is vanishing," they said.
In a week when the United Nations is pushing governments to preserve software from around the world, and after a year of seeing what a loathsome, awful, horrid place the web can truly be, 64 Bits is a pure, wholesome hark back to the early days. 64 Bits is free to attend and will run until April 21.
Image: Ben Sullivan
Image: Ben Sullivan
Washington (CNN) The Pentagon will soon issue a new policy on cluster bombs, abandoning a previous plan that mandated the military ditch older versions of the controversial weapons by 2019, according to a copy of a Defense Department memorandum signed by Deputy Secretary of Defense Patrick Shanahan and obtained by CNN.
"The Department will retain cluster munitions currently in active inventories until the capabilities they provide are replaced with enhanced and more reliable munitions," the memorandum said.
The memo called the weapons "an effective and necessary capability."
Cluster bombs -- which not only deliver an initial explosion on impact but also contain multiple smaller bombs that spread over a wide area -- are largely condemned by the international community due to the risk of civilian casualties when they're used in populated areas.
Over 100 countries, including most members of NATO, have called for a ban on the controversial weapon and human rights groups have expressed concerns over civilian casualties resulting from cluster bombs.
Read More
Maynard James Keenan of Tool, 1997 Tim Mosenfelder: "Tool played the Lollapalooza tour in 1991 on the side stage. This was Lollapalooza at its early best. Prior to Tool's set, Perry Farrell jumped off a bungee crane at Shoreline Amphitheatre, diving into the crowd head first. I remember Perry diving straight for me and coming incredibly close and then bouncing straight back up. After this feat, Maynard and the band rocked the crowd with a raw sound that left a strong impression on me for years."
The band has not toured in North America since 2012
For the first time since 2012, Tool will tour North America.
According to SPIN, the prog metal act will hit the United States and Mexico for a total of seven dates in March. The band listed the tour dates on its website.
The seven-show run will be Tool's first foray into North America since a sizable tour in early 2012. The band played live in 2013, but only toured in Australia, New Zealand and Japan.
The series of shows will begin March 4 in Spokane, Wash., ending in Veracuz, Mexico, at the Festival Cumbre Tajin on March 21.
The announcement of tour dates fuels rumors that the four-piece could be recording its first full-length since 2006's "10,000 Days," which topped the Billboard 200 with 564,000 copies sold in its first week. Drummer Danny Carey told Loudwire last July that a new Tool record would "most likely" come in "early 2014."
The full list of Tool shows, stretching down the western part of the U.S. and into Mexico, is below.
March 4 - Spokane, Wash. (Spokane Arena)
March 6 - Portland, Ore. (Moda Center)
March 7 - Eugene, Ore. (Matthew Knight Arena)
March 9 - Reno, Nev. (Reno Event Center)
March 11 - San Francisco, Calif. (Bill Graham Civic Auditorium)
March 18 - Mexico City, Mexico (Palacio De Los Deportes)
March 21 - Veracruz, Mexico (Festival Cumbre Tajin 2014)
Timothy Batts poses with three of their children, including Timea, right. Batts was charged with reckless homicide after Timea was shot and killed Aug. 8, 2016. (Photo: Provided)
The Hendersonville father accused in their daughter's death was the spiritual leader of their family and did all they could to give them the best life possible, their pastor said.
Timothy Batts, 29, grew up in the projects surrounded by drugs and violence, but had turned their life around, said Adam French, campus pastor of Long Hollow Baptist Church. Charged Tuesday in the shooting death of their 11-year-old daughter Timea, Batts worked three jobs and lived life by God's word, said French, the father's mentor.
“Tim is broken,” said the pastor, who visited their friend at the Sumner County Jail Tuesday. “Tim loves their children so much. He's a family man. ... Imagine, you're a father, who's done everything in your power to raise your children right, obey the law, do everything for your family and live by the word of God, and then this happens. ... This is a tragic, freak accident and no one is suffering more than Tim.”
On Monday, French said, Batts took off work to send their children off to school and welcome them home on their first day back, especially Timea who began sixth-grade at Knox Doss Middle.
Reacting to the past
Timea came home earlier than their father anticipated. Batts was asleep at the back of the house behind a closed door when the noise of someone entering the home startled him.
“He said they kept asking who was there. No one answered and it got real quiet,” French said. “ They were hiding. Tim thought it was an intruder. They were afraid and reacted based on their past.”
The two men met three years ago while visiting their children at Gene Brown Elementary School in Hendersonville. The two built a friendship and Batts shared some of their life stories.
In 2011, Batts was getting food when Cheyenne Turner shot them multiple times. As a result, Batts suffers from symptoms similar to Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder with nightmares and anxiety.
“Tim almost died,” French said. “After that accident, Tim didn't want their children to grow up in that atmosphere so they moved their family to Hendersonville.”
Father, daughter had entrepreneurial spirits
Batts was working as a janitor and operated a lawn care business. They had also obtained their barber license and opened a barber shop.
“Everything we needed, they provided for us no matter how hard they had to work. They always emphasized to their children to do the right thing and they had high expectations," said Jasmine Horton, Batts' fiancée. "He is an excellent father.”
Timea inherited their father's entrepreneurial spirit. They launched their own business this summer, designing and selling sandals to family and friends.
Timea Batts, 11, loved colors and enjoyed making tutus, their father's fiancee, Jasmine Horton, said. (Photo: Courtesy of family)
Batts had hoped Timea would be the first in their family to go to college.
As Batts and Horton tucked the children in bed Sunday night, they asked their children if they were nervous about the first day of school.
Timea wasn't nervous, Horton said, but wanted their teachers to like them They also wanted to be a good friend others and aspired to be good cheerleader.
"She loved life and wanted to be happy and for others to be happy," Horton said. I miss their smile and their magnetic personality.”
Monday's incident is a wake-up call for their family and hopefully for others, said Horton, who visited their fiancée Wednesday.
“Love and hold on to your family and children, and don't take one second for granted because in a blink of an eye, everything can change... Every breath hurts. This is a nightmare. We're searching for answers and clinging to our faith in God. We ask for everyone to pray for our family.”
French asked that people don't judge Batts.
“Our past doesn't define us. God takes our mess and turns it into a message. Tim turned their life around, decided to live right and a tragedy struck," French said. "As a community, it's our responsibility to come other, support and love them and their family.”
Timea's funeral arrangements are tentatively set for Saturday, Aug. 20, but details are still being finalized.
Reach Dessislava Yankova at dyankova@mtcngroup.com. Follow them on Twitter @desspor.
&amp;amp;amp;amp;nbsp; &amp;amp;amp;amp;nbsp; &amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;!--iframe--&amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;nbsp;
Read or Share this story: http://tnne.ws/2b55B2L
After years of drifting apart, the jobs report and the stock market aligned this week, at least momentarily, as unemployment fell to the lowest level in over four years while the Dow and the S&P 500 continued to climb. We're hardly out of the woods— the workforce participation rate remains stuck in neutral, overall growth remains sluggish, and worker income is still lagging behind the stock market gains—but there are signs of hope.
Yet some things don't change. As the sputtering economy tries to get into gear, House Budget Committee Chairman Paul Ryan keeps talking about depriving hard working-taxpaying Americans of their retirement benefits, while offering nothing in return. This is the strategy that failed Mitt Romney and Ryan in November, and that alienates not just senior citizens, but voters over 45 — one of the few groups that's so far remained reliably right-leaning as Asians, Hispanics, upscale Episcopalians, graduate degree holders and others have abandoned the shrinking GOP tent.
If the President's electoral playbook called for uniting the rich and poor and treating the middle class as an afterthought, the Congressman has a more direct, if less palatable, approach: they simply attack the middle class, by trying to gut their earned entitlement programs.
Harping on social issues and bashing the 47 percent, along with Mitt Romney's antipathy on the auto bailout, is why Republicans got their clocks cleaned in the industrial Midwest last November, eking out just a 5-point plurality among non-college grad white voters in the Great Lakes (a group they won by 19 points nationally).
Apparently, the failed vice presidential candidate has not internalized these lessons. Instead, Ryan & Co. seems to be doubling down on 2012's failed bet, and treating working Americans as little more than moochers. A year ago, Candidate Ryan called for voucher care instead of Medicare for Americans who were then 55 and under. Now, they are pressing the idea of setting the cut-off at 56 in an effort to force more Americans off of Medicare.
Polling data consistently show that voters disapprove of vouchers for seniors, and Ryan's gambit may have even cost the Republicans Florida.
It's no surprise, then, that the few standing members of the ever-dwindling cohort of centrist House Republicans are furious with Ryan's latest suggestion.
Tenaciously, Ryan continues to press ahead. As an unidentified member told The Hill, the “big problem was that a lot of people have been telling people that it's 55 and that's the number . . . And if you change it, it's going to make us look like [liars].”
The sole source of income for most Americans now turning 65 is their monthly Social Security check, which averages a little more than $1,200 and that is before paying $100 a month for Medicare Plan B.
The origins of Ryanism trace back to John C. Calhoun's South and Herbert Hoover's America—and that is a losing coalition. Indeed, for a southern-based party like the current iteration of the Republican Party to regain traction, it must reach out to and make inroads with the Northern working class. Richard Nixon, Ronald Reagan and both Bushes demonstrated that this task was doable. And yet, the current crop of Republicans just does not seem to get it. When the party of the South decides to go it alone, it fails.
Single women now rival white evangelicals as a voting bloc, and the former – which preferred Obama to Romney by a staggering two-to-one margin—is just not cottoning to the Republicans' message on personal autonomy or anything else. With childrearing and marriage increasingly distinct and recent studies showing that the life expectancies of subgroups of women are declining regionally, even as life expectancy on the whole is rising, a call to replace a long-established safety net with faux personal responsibility is not a winning message.
Religion also has lost traction at the lower end of the income spectrum, particularly outside of the South. Rather, regular worship is now the province of married upper-income Americans, be they Republicans or Democrats. SMU families and their Scarsdale counterparts have more in common than either may realize.
If the Republicans stay on their present course, the fate of the old Democratic Party awaits them.Between 1860 and 1932, the Democrats were a Southern-based party that managed to elect only two presidents in 18 elections.
And in fact, Ryan the Midwesterner does seem to look to the South. They supported relief for the victims of Katrina, but opposed aid in the aftermath of Hurricane Sandy. At least on disaster funding, the Congressman can whistle Dixie. The question for the Republican Party is whether it has the will to change. After losing five straight elections to FDR's New Deal Coalition, the Republicans got their act together. Will history repeat itself?
One thing is for sure: Alienating your base when you need every vote that you can get is not smart politics.
Theater Shows Children 'Saw 3D' Instead Of Cartoon
An audience in Revere, Mass., bought tickets for the cartoon movie Megamind. Parents thought it strange when the previews promoted R-rated films. When the feature started, it was actually the horror movie Saw 3-D, with a rather gruesome opening scene. ﻿The projectionist had started the wrong film.
STEVE INSKEEP, Host:
A projectionist is probably in trouble in the town of Revere, Massachusetts. An audience in that town bought tickets for the cartoon movie "Megamind." Parents thought it a little strange when the previews promoted R-rated films. And then the feature started; it was a mistake. It was actually the horror movie "Saw 3-D."
Copyright © 2010 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Over the last 125 years ExxonMobil has evolved from a regional marketer of kerosene in the U.S. to the largest publicly traded petroleum and petrochemical enterprise in the world. Today we operate in most of the world's countries and are best-known by our familiar brand names: Exxon, Esso and Mobil. We make the products that drive modern transportation, power cities and provide petrochemical building blocks that lead to thousands of consumer goods.
Our careers offer unique opportunities to develop professionally and to work with industry leaders in your field. Whether you start as an engineer in one of our manufacturing facilities, a scientist in one of our labs or a business professional in one of our offices, you will be part of a team that takes on exciting challenges and pushes the boundaries of what is possible today.
The U.S. suffers from lifespan inequality gap, Stanford researcher says
Stanford researcher Shripad Tuljapurkar found that a lifespan inequality gap continues in countries like the United States even while life expectancy is increasing. One reason is that America's mortality rate among young males is not getting better. Better access to health care would improve the situation.
Alexander Raths/ Shutterstock Health care is one of the factors that influences the odds that people will die at a particular age.
The United States has done worse than other wealthy countries at improving health for working-age adults while it has performed about the same in reducing mortality at ages over 65, according to new Stanford research.
"These contrasting trends have made the U.S. a strikingly unequal society in the ages at which people die," said Shripad Tuljapurkar, a biology professor at Stanford's Morrison Institute for Population and Resource Studies and lead author. "International comparisons suggest that this trend is set to continue unless the gap in progress against deaths at working vs. retired ages can be closed."
The research paper, published in the journal Demography, shows that in the past six decades, lifespan inequality has varied greatly within and among countries even while life expectancy has continued to increase.
A nation's health yardstick
Life expectancy is defined as the average age at death, according to Tuljapurkar, the Dean and Virginia Morrison Professor of Population Studies.
"The measure of a nation's health is life expectancy," they said.
Lifespan inequality measures uncertainty in the age at death, Tuljapurkar said. For example, when life expectancy is 80 years, then an uncertainty of 15 years in age at death means a person will likely die between the ages of 65 (80 years minus 15) and 95 (80 years plus 15). Lifespan inequality is the age gap between the ages of those dying early and the longest-lived.
Using data on 37 countries from the Human Mortality Database, the researchers examined mortality and longevity trends between 1947 and 2007. They found that in the United States, inequality in age at death has not fallen since 1950, although life expectancy has risen. In fact, the United States has done as well as Canada (and almost as well as Japan) in reducing mortality for people over 65.
Lifespan inequality in Canada mirrored that in the United States until 1985 – when Canada's inequality fell sharply, due to a national health care program that kept the young healthier.
In 2007, the life expectancy for American males and females was 76 and 81, respectively, while in Canada, it was 78 and 84. Uncertainty was 16 for males and 14 for females in the United States. In Canada, it was 14 for males and 12 for females.
"Younger people in Canada clearly benefited from the National Health program that Canada implemented around 1984. The U.S. only has equivalent health care for people over 65, through Medicare," Tuljapurkar said.
Since 1947, life expectancy has risen in both countries, up about a dozen years or so for both males and females in Canada and the United States.
"So, in 60 years, U.S. male life expectancy went up about 19 percent but uncertainty didn't change at all. Canadian male life expectancy went up about 20 percent but uncertainty went down by about 13 percent," said Tuljapurkar.
Mortality rate and U.S. males
The research shows a higher death rate among young males in the United States, Tuljapurkar pointed out. Mortality is associated with education, income, social support, lifestyle, disease and living conditions. And so, the problem with young American males is rooted in a lack of universal access to health care, they said.
They believe the research is important – every society seeks to increase longevity, they said.
"Inequality in age at death matters to individuals – think about the risk of dying too young to achieve one's dreams, or of outliving one's money – and to society as in the cost of pensions or health care," they said.
Tuljapurkar and their colleagues note that societal progress at saving young lives reduces lifespan inequality. On the other hand, when society "extends" the lives of older people, this increases inequality.
For example, they noted, heart attacks are a major cause of death of young people, whereas influenza or certain cancers are a major cause of death for older people. So, strategies like cholesterol medication, weight control and exercise are effective ways of reducing the mortality of young people.
"But things like a better knowledge of prostate cancer, flu vaccines for those over 65 and chemotherapy are effective ways of reducing the mortality of older people," Tuljapurkar said.
Those strategies are examples of factors that determine the odds that people will die at a particular age, they said.
The researchers also found that Japan has the world's highest life expectancy – 87 years for women and 80 for men. In Japan, progress in thwarting young mortality has stalled, but people over 65 are living longer, they said.
Tuljapurkar's co-authors included Duncan Gillespie of the University of Liverpool and Meredith Trotter, a Stanford postdoctoral fellow in biology.
Media Contact
Shripad Tuljapurkar, Morrison Institute for Population and Resource Studies: (650) 723-6311, (650) 724-4171, tulja@stanford.edu
Dan Stober, Stanford News Service: (650) 721-6965, dstober@stanford.edu
Clifton B. Parker, Stanford News Service: (650) 725-0224, cbparker@stanford.edu
Warning for quoted misogyny, Islamophobia and descriptions of violence against women and harassment, not to mention Oppression Olympics.
On June 20, Rebecca Watson of Skepchick posted a video discussing a panel they spoke on at the World Atheist Convention in early June. Here's an excerpt of the relevant segment:
And I was on a panel with AronRa and Richard Dawkins [which] was on ‘communicating atheism.' They sort of left it open for us to talk about whatever we wanted, really, within that realm. I was going to talk about blogging and podcasting, but, um, a few hours prior to that panel, there was another panel on women atheist activists… I don't assume that every woman will have the same experience that I've had, but I think it's worthwhile to publicize the fact that some women will go through this, and, um, that way we can warn women, ahead of time, as to what they might expect, give them the tools they need to fight back, and also give them the support structure they need to, uh, to keep going in the face of blatant misogyny… So, thank you to everyone who was at that conference who, uh, engaged in those discussions outside of that panel, um, you were all fantastic; I loved talking to you guys—um, all of you except for the one man who, um, didn't really grasp, I think, what I was saying on the panel…? Because, um, at the bar later that night—actually, at four in the morning—um, we were at the hotel bar, 4am, I said, you know, “I've had enough, guys, I'm exhausted, going to bed,” uh, so I walked to the elevator, and a man got on the elevator with me, and said, “Don't take this the wrong way, but I find you very interesting, and I would like to talk more; would you like to come to my hotel room for coffee?”… I'll just sort of lay it out that I was a single woman, you know, in a foreign country, at 4am, in a hotel elevator with you, just you, and—don't invite me back to your hotel room, right after I've finished talking about how it creeps me out and makes me uncomfortable when men sexualize me in that manner.
This excerpt is from Melissa McEwan's full transcript of the relevant section of the audio, which is available at Shakesville. There's more interesting stuff in the full transcript, including an example of the kind of dynamic where an individual woman who hasn't experienced sexism denies it exists at all. But Watson's criticism of the man who sexually approached them in the elevator has let to the Internet exploding, predictably enough. Especially when Richard Dawkins commented, most unsympathetically.
Here's the setup:
PZ Myers, Always name names! [beware comments]: It's not enough. Maybe we should also recognize that applying unwanted pressure, no matter how politely phrased, is inappropriate behavior.
Richard Dawkins, comment on “Always name names!”: Dear Muslima… Think of the suffering your poor American sisters have to put up with… Only this week I heard of one, they call themselves Skep”chick”, and do you know what happened to her? A man in a hotel elevator invited them back to their room for coffee… And you, Muslima, think you have misogyny to complain about! For goodness sake grow up, or at least grow a thicker skin.
Richard Dawkins, comment on “Always name names!”: Rebecca's feeling that the man's proposition was ‘creepy' was their own interpretation of their behaviour, presumably not his. They were probably offended to about the same extent as I am offended if a man gets into an elevator with me chewing gum. But they do me no physical damage and I simply grin and bear it until either I or they get out of the elevator. It would be different if they physically attacked me.
PZ Myers, Twitter: For those curious, confirmed: those comments were from Richard.
Commentary (warning: some of these links contain extensive discussion of rape, including news coverage):
Jen McCreight, Richard Dawkins, your privilege is showing: …it makes me want to cry a little when you live up to the stereotype of a well-off, 70 year old, white, British, ivory tower academic.
Amanda Marcotte, Because of The Implication: I [got] an eyeful this weekend of how serious the problem of sexism in the atheist/skeptical movement really is, and how much hard work needs to be done to get a male-dominated movement to take the problem of sexual harassment and female alienation seriously.
Greg Laden, Ladies, Richard Dawkins knows how to protect you from being raped in an elevator: Most of the voices telling Rebecca Watson to quiet down and get a grip on themselves are coming from, I think, men who just don't want there to be a rule that says that they must modulate their behavior in connection to the idea that a very large number of women are sexually assaulted in their lifetime, and that the vast majority of sexual assault comes from men…
Phil Plait, Richard Dawkins and male privilege: Oh my. I have tried and tried to see some other way to interpret this, but it looks to me that they really are comparing a potential sexual assault to someone chewing gum.
Melissa McEwan, The Point, You Are Proving It: I always love when a man decides what the Important Things feminists should be worried about are for us feminist women. I also love the idea that Muslim women and American women are mutually exclusive groups, and the idea that there no American women, Muslim or otherwise, whose lives are controlled and whose bodies are violated with impunity.
Rebecca Watson, The Privilege Delusion: When I started this site, I didn't call myself a feminist… And then I would make a comment about how there could really be more women in the community, and the responses from my fellow skeptics and atheists ranged from “No, they're not logical like us,” to “Yes, so we can fuck them!” That seemed weird… And I got messages from women who told me about how they had trouble attending pub gatherings and other events because they felt uncomfortable in a room full of men… And then, for the past few years as the audience for Skepchick and SGU grew, I've had more and more messages from men who tell me what they'd like to do to me, sexually. More and more men touching me without permission at conferences. More and more threats of rape from those who don't agree with me, even from those who consider themselves skeptics and atheists. More and more people telling me to shut up and go back to talking about Bigfoot and other topics that really matter.
David Futrelle, Two atheists get in an elevator: That's it. That's the whole thing. You would think that most guys would be well aware that accosting a woman you've never met before in an elevator at 4 AM is, you know, kind of no-no. But, no, Watson's comments suddenly became [to their critics] an attack on male sexuality and men in general.
tigtog, Bye bye Dawkins: a voice from the past: … nothing I can do can stop Dawkins being stinking rich and lionised elsewhere, but I will longer read, listen to or watch their work and will not recommend that others do either. (Most links here are via tigtog's post too, thanks tigtog.)
Discussion is still continuing, for example David Futrelle documents on how some commenters are now regarding Watson's actions as shaming and damaging a “nice guy” and thus singlehandedly discouraging nice men everywhere from their most innocent and gentle of propositions.
What do you think? Got other links? (Please warn for graphic accounts of harassment and rape.)
This is Watson's original video post, it should begin playing at 2:20 when they begin talking about the World Atheist Convention. Again, there's a full transcript of the relevant section of the audio available at Shakesville.
Note: don't take us posting about this as a sign that Geek Feminism is a specifically atheist or anti-religious site. We vary. But feminist discussions in geekdom-overlapping communities are always of interest and atheism and skepticism are very geekdom-overlapping.
The closure will cost about 3,000 workers their jobs.
ATLANTIC CITY, N.J. (AP) — The Trump Taj Mahal casino will shut down after Labor Day, the victim of the longest strike in Atlantic City's 38-year casino era.
The closure of the casino that was opened in 1990 by Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump but now owned by their friend and fellow billionaire Carl Icahn will cost about 3,000 workers their jobs, and reduce the number of casinos in Atlantic City to seven.
Those job losses will be in addition to 8,000 workers who lost their jobs when four Atlantic City casinos closed in 2014.
And the bloodletting may not be over yet: Voters will decide in November whether to permit two new casinos in northern New Jersey just outside New York City, a development that would likely lead to additional casino closures in Atlantic City.
Tony Rodio, president of Tropicana Entertainment, which runs the Taj Mahal, said management decided Wednesday it can no longer operate a money-losing property in the midst of a strike. On Thursday, the walkout by Local 54 of the Unite-HERE union will reach its 35th day, eclipsing the 34-day walkout the union staged against seven casinos in 2004.
"Currently the Taj is losing multi-millions a month, and now with this strike, we see no path to profitability," said Rodio. "Our directors cannot just allow the Taj to continue burning through tens of millions of dollars when the union has singlehandedly blocked any path to profitability. Unfortunately we've reached the point where we will have to close the Taj."
The central issue in the strike is restoration of health insurance and pension benefits that previous owners got a bankruptcy court judge to approve in October 2014. Icahn offered to restore health insurance to Taj Mahal workers, but at a level less than what workers at the city's other seven casinos receive.
The union rejected that offer.
"I would never have thought Carl Icahn was so one-dimensional," said union president Bob McDevitt. "The great deal-maker would rather burn the Trump Taj Mahal down just so they can control the ashes. For a few million bucks they could have had labor peace and a content workforce, but instead he'd rather slam the door shut on these long-term workers just to punish them and attempt to break their strike."
An exact shutdown date has not yet been set. McDevitt said 60-day warning notices to employees are required, making early October the soonest the casino can be permitted to close.
Donald Trump once owned three Atlantic City casinos, but cut most ties with the city by 2009. Having lost ownership of the company to bondholders in a previous bankruptcy, Trump resigned as chairperson of Trump Entertainment Resorts, retaining a 10 percent stake in return for the use of their name. That interest was wiped out in bankruptcy court when Icahn took over in March.
Chili is a tricky dish. It's not hard to make, but I've found that it's a very personal, almost religious, experience depending on where you are in the country. If you're in or around Texas, you may prefer your chili heavily spiced and heavy on the meat (not ground…God forbid) with no mention of beans, except possibly on the side. Other areas of the country will insist that chili just isn't chili without beans and ground meat. Then, there's chicken chili (which just truly offends chili purists) and even Southwestern Chili Verde.
Then there's the Midwest, which is where I'm from. I like to think that we're a peaceful people, accepting of all chilis and their stories. At least I am. If it's good, I'll eat it, beans or not. The Midwest is home to a true original, Cincinnati chili. A lot of chili purists will argue that Cincinnati chili isn't even chili. When it comes right down to it, I don't care. I've always liked it and will continue to eat it, despite the naysayers. I grew up on it and it makes me happy…just like all other chilis. I'm an equal opportunity chili eater.
If you've never had Cincinnati chili, know that it is different…and we like it that way. Cincinnati chili is very smooth, consisting of finely ground beef cooked in a rich, cinnamon spiced tomato sauce. It's often served over spaghetti, since it has more of a meat sauce consistency to it than a “regular” chili. If you happen upon one of Cincinnati's famous chili parlors, you might order your Cincinnati chili “three-way” (spaghetti, chili and cheddar cheese), “four-way” (spaghetti, chili, chopped white onions and cheddar cheese) or even “five-way” (spaghetti, chili, onions, beans and cheddar cheese). Whichever way you order it, it's good stuff. It's also quite tasty on a hot dog.
Despite my love of Cincinnati chili, I'd never made it! I ran across this recipe for Cincinnati chili in the slow cooker last week and decided to give it a try on one of our crazy busy “Mom Drives a Shuttle Bus” evenings. It really couldn't have been much easier and with just a little extra care as it cooked, we enjoyed a wonderful, warm Cincinnati chili dinner.
I started by assembling my ingredients. Besides the meat, onion and garlic, the group that I assembled certainly didn't look like what I usually grab when I make chili.
I mixed together what I needed from the above ingredients and then poured that thick, spiced tomato mixture into my crock pot.
To that, I added some diced onion and a few cloves of minced garlic.
After that was mixed together nicely, I crumbled in two pounds of lean ground beef. No need to cook up the beef beforehand. Spending the day in the Crock Pot will cook the beef perfectly and give that smooth Cincinnati chili consistency we're looking for.
Once the beef was stirred in, I covered the slow cooker and set it to cook for six hours.
Since I ended up being home for most of the day, I did stir it a few times, just to make sure the beef wasn't cooking into a giant hamburger lump (it wasn't). Also, about an hour before it was done, I grabbed a few paper towels and blotted a good bit of the grease off of the top. The recipe didn't say to do that, but if I can save myself from a few calories, I'm going to do it, plus the idea of greasy chili just wasn't appealing.
The end result was worth waiting for! I was transported back to my childhood and was thrilled to introduce Cincinnati style chili to my girls. It was really good! We decided to enjoy ours in the traditional “three-way” style, with the cheddar cheese and chopped onion. It was a nice way to cap off a busy day.
SLOW COOKER CINCINNATI CHILI
Adapted from Family Circle
#ratingval# from #reviews# reviews Print Recipe Type: Dinner Author: Adapted from Family Circle Prep time: 10 mins Cook time: 8 hours Total time: 8 hours 10 mins Serves: 6 Ingredients 2 cups low-sodium beef broth
1 (8 oz.) can tomato sauce
1/4 cup tomato paste
2 Tbsp. apple cider vinegar
2 Tbsp. chili powder
2 tsp. unsweetened cocoa powder
1 tsp. ground cumin
1 tsp. cinnamon
1/2 tsp. ground cloves
1/4 tsp. ground allspice
1 tsp. salt
1/2 tsp. pepper
3 garlic cloves, minced
1 large yellow onion, diced
2 lbs. lean ground beef
1 lb. spaghetti, cooked
finely shredded cheddar cheese, diced white onion, optional Instructions In a medium-sized bowl, whisk together the broth, tomato sauce, tomato paste, vinegar, chili powder, cocoa, cumin, cinnamon, cloves, allspice, salt and pepper. Pour the mixture into the slow cooker. Stir in the garlic and yellow onion. Crumble the ground beef into the sauce, carefully stirring to combine. Cover and cook on HIGH for 6 hours or LOW for 8 hours. Stir a couple of times along the way, if possible. If the chili looks too greasy, using a few paper towels, blot the grease from the top of the chili about an hour before serving. If it looks like there is too much liquid, let it cook with the top partially off for the last 30 minutes. Serve overcooked spaghetti and top with cheddar cheese and white onions, if desired. ENJOY! WordPress Recipe Plugin and Microformatting by EasyRecipe 2.2.8
Possibly reflecting the resilience of the human spirit, Holocaust survivors live longer than comparable people who did not experience the Shoah, a new study by researchers in Haifa and Leiden universities revealed.
The study, published July 24 in online scientific journal PLOS ONE, found that male Jewish Holocaust survivors lived on average 14 months longer than Jews who immigrated to Israel before the Second World War and that the older they were when they experienced the trauma, the longer they lived.
The surprising findings were based on researchers' analysis of data gathered from Israel's National Insurance Institute on 55,220 Polish immigrants. Using 2011 numbers, the researchers compared 13,766 immigrants who arrived in Israel before 1939 (the control group) to 41,454 people who immigrated between from 1945 to 1950 (Holocaust survivors). In order to offer comparable results, in both groups the researchers selected only people who were aged between 4 and 20 in 1939.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
The study did not differentiate between different Holocaust experiences because “it was assumed that any Jew who was in Europe between the years 1939–1945, and in Poland in particular, should be defined as a Holocaust survivor, because no matter what the specific nature of the experience was (e.g., concentration camp, hiding in convents or elsewhere) normal life was in jeopardy.”
“Given the damaging living conditions of Holocaust survivors during part of their lives, we expected to find that the risk of Holocaust survivors to die younger is greater than that of comparisons without Holocaust background,” wrote the authors in their introduction. But overall, the survivors' life expectancy was 6.5 months longer than those who left Poland before the war.
The analysis revealed little difference between women in the two groups. But the difference among men was significant, with Holocaust survivors living between 10 and 18 months longer.
The study found that the older the surviving men were at the time of the Holocaust, the bigger the life expectancy discrepancy between them and those who left Poland before the war.
“Men who were 10-15 years old during the war and in their early adolescence had a 10 month longer life-expectancy compared to the control group. Men who lived through the Holocaust when they were 16-20, had an even bigger difference in life-expectancy, 18 months longer than their peers with no Holocaust experience,” study leader Avi Sagi-Schwartz, head of the Center for the Study of Child Development at the University of Haifa in Israel, said in a university news release.
“Such findings may highlight the resilience of survivors of severe trauma, even when they endured psychological, nutritional, and sanitary adversity, often with exposure to contaminating diseases without accessibility to health services,” said Sagi-Schwartz.
The researchers offered two explanations for their surprising findings. They suggested the survivors may have experienced post-traumatic growth — their traumatic experiences and psychological distress during the Holocaust encouraging them to develop personal skills and insights into a deeper appreciation for life that, in turn, actually lengthened their lives.
Alternatively, they posited that those who were “vulnerable to life-threatening conditions” were more likely to have died in the camps and the survivors who got through the trauma may have done so because of genetic, physical or psychological factors, which may have prepared them to live to an old age.
The authors noted that “albeit not dying at a younger age, Holocaust survivors may have experienced lower quality of life, for example, higher rates of invalidity or non-fatal illnesses.”
“The results of this research give us hope and teach us quite a bit about the resilience of the human spirit when faced with brutal and traumatic events,” Sagi-Schwartz said.
Fatal vehicle accidents claimed the lives of 542 people in New Jersey in the last year, according to new data released by the New Jersey State Police.
Where were the most fatalities in the Garden State? Use the map above to explore a county-by-county breakdown of the state's fatal traffic accidents. Hover over or click on each county to reveal additional details about that county's crash statistics.
While there remains more than one fatal accident a day on average in New Jersey, the new figures show a general downward trend in traffic fatalities that spans two decades, the data show.
Distracted and inattentive driving remains the most common contributing factor in fatal crashes, authorities said, and will likely be the focus of a forthcoming safety push by the state police.
However, drug and alcohol use among drivers remained one of the chief factors in fatal crashes in the Garden State in 2013. According to the state police, drug or alcohol were factors in 143 of the deaths in New Jersey last year, or about 26 percent.
The table below shows the contributing factors in fatal New Jersey traffic accidents over the last five years.
NJ Advance Media staff writer Vinessa Erminio contributed to this report.
Story highlights EU sets up fund of nearly $2 billion aid to Africa to stem the migrant crisis
Sweden to implement temporary border controls
At least 18 died Wednesday in two boat accidents off Turkey
(CNN) As Europe faces its worst refugee crisis since World War II, the European Union has launched an emergency fund for Africa to tackle the spiraling number of migrants flooding its shores.
The nearly $2 billion fund was unveiled at the end of a two-day summit of EU and African leaders in Malta. The fund will support projects to combat poverty, slow down migration and speed up repatriation programs. This new money is in addition to the 20 billion euros annually donated to Africa by the EU and its 28 states.
This is the sixth time that presidents and prime ministers of the European Union have tried to tackle the issue.
"We are under no illusions that we can improve the situation overnight, but we are committed to giving people alternatives to risking their lives," said European Council President Donald Tusk.
Tusk listed five major goals to stem the tide of migrants: "The elements of action plan are designed to, one, address the root causes of migration; two, enhance cooperation on legal migration and mobility; three, reinforce protection of displaced persons; four, prevent and fight against migrant smuggling and trafficking in human beings; and five, advance on returning persons that are not entitled to stay in Europe."
Read More
There's an argument I hear a lot that baffles me: franchise movies are inherently bad because we know that the heroes will not die during the course of the film. I don't know how these people watch movies normally, but I find that almost no (non-tragedy) ends with the death of the hero. Like, it is so rare that it's actually notable. I walk into movies with a firm confidence that the good guys will win, the bad guys will be stopped or at least denied their most dangerous goal. In fact, I extend this confidence to almost all fiction. This is why Psycho worked so well upon release: nobody thought the star of the film would die in the first act.
Joss Whedon, who has directed The Avengers and Avengers: Age of Ultron, understands this. And when I had a chance to sit down with them a few weeks back, they explained it eloquently to me.
Plot... I've never written an intricate thriller. A plot is not my strongest suit, and possibly because it's not my priority. In a comic book movie you know there's certainly going to be a big battle. And you know you're in a franchise - you're either going to see another of these movies or you're going to buy another one of these comics. It's very unlikely your heroes are not going to make it through [to the end]. So what are the stakes? How do you raise them? The only stakes are emotional. The only stakes are moral. Can they get through this unscathed as heroes? Can they still be heroes? Can they call themselves that? Are they actually useful as a team? Or are they going to fall apart?
For Whedon those emotional stakes grow out of the characters - if the characters work we will care about how the events of the film impact them, even if we're fairly certain Captain America will survive to be in Captain America: Civil War.
I love to come up with stunts and with bits, but ultimately it's always the personal stuff that interests me the most, and that's what I build from. The best moments are between the main characters, the interplay is so great, that the good news is that once the wheels are in motion and I have to get the story from A to B and I have to throw these two characters together it's always great. There's no version of a pairing [of Avengers] that doesn't work. My only regret of the thing is what I didn't get to do, for time, with Thor and Quicksilver. We had a moment between them that got cut out of the film. With these characters the dynamics are always interesting because they're all so different.
And I think that explains why these Marvel movies work so well with audiences. It's not because the action is next level (it rarely is) or because the FX are blowing us away (Phase One was cheap!). It's because the right actors were cast in roles that are based on characters who have proven emotional resonance who are written well. The haters never get this, but people don't go to Marvel movies to see buildings blow up, they go to see the people trying to stop the buildings from blowing up. Whedon gets that, and that's why their Avengers films are so damn great.
With EDC Orlando 2015 less than 48 hours away, to help prepare yourself, I've compiled essential information to make your weekend as successful as possible.
The mobile app is a MUST-have if you're attending. You can download it on Android/iOS by searching “EDC Orlando” in the app store.
Tickets are still available. 2-Day pricing for GA Tier 3 is $199.83 after fees, and VIP Tier 2 is $312.75 after fees. Single Day tickets are still available. Click here to purchase tickets.
F.A.Q
Festival Location is at Tinker Field, South Tampa Ave., Orlando, FL 32805
Festival hours are Friday, November 6 and Saturday November 7 1:00pm – 12:ooam.
Bring your ticket/wristband and a government-issued ID that contains your picture and birthday.
ID that contains your picture and birthday. Re-entry is not allowed. No ins-and-outs.
ATMs, 21+ bars, food, beverage, and a general store will be on festival grounds (see map below).
Festival is 18+
Official Map
Parking
See map below.
I suggest carpooling or taking an Uber with the code that Insomniac sent with wristbands this year.
Lockers
Lockers are a safe and secure way to secure your belongings during the festival.
The lockers are about 8″ x 12″ x 18″.
Each locker includes a charging unit for iPhone/Android.
Two day locker rental is $45. Rent one here.
Acceptable Items
· Small bags, single compartment backpacks, plush backpacks, & purses (maximum 12″×12″) · Glowsticks & glowing/illuminated costumes or jewelry · Official Insomniac water bottles—must be empty upon entry · Sealed packs of gum · CamelBaks with no more than two main compartments and one smaller compartment—must be empty upon entry · Prescription medication (must show physician's prescription and consult with a safety officer upon entry) · Cell phones · Hula hoops (including led hoops) · Fanny packs · Inflatables (must be deflated upon entry) · Sunglasses & hats · Flags/banners or handmade signs (no corporate/company branded and no hard flag poles) · Lighters and sealed packs of cigarettes · Festival totems or decorated pool noodles (see TOTEM GUIDELINES below) · Earplugs · Non-professional flash/still cameras, handheld video devices under 6” (sony action cam, GoPro, etc.), and GoPro extendable poles · Sealed lip balm & gloss · Single-use/disposable E-cigs or vapes that do not have refillable liquid chambers · Powder makeup and sealed tampons
Prohibited Items
· Illegal substances · Large chains or spiked jewelry · Drugs or drug paraphernalia · Stickers, flyers · Pets · Balls or Frisbees · Massagers · Tents, large umbrellas, chairs or blankets · Laser pointers and air horns · Bota bags · LED gloves or LED microlights used for light shows · Large purses, bags or backpack (over 12″×12″) · Pacifiers, dust masks or gas masks · Stuffed animals or dolls · Eye drops (available inside festival at the general store) · Open packs of cigarettes (upon entry) · Over-the-counter medication · Outside food or beverages (including alcohol and candy) · Liquid makeup or unsealed tampons (upon entry)
Totem Guidelines
Maximum height is 10'.
Totems must be made from a lightweight material (e.g., foam, PVC / no solid metal).
Collapsible/telescoping camera extenders that follow the above guidelines are OK (lightweight/hollow aluminum/polycarbonate).
PVC, light wood, aluminum poles must be no thicker than 1” in diameter.
Decorated pool noodles work great for easy entrance through security.
Inflatables attached to totems must be deflated upon entry.
Any item deemed dangerous will not be allowed.
Set Times
Set times are also listed online or through the EDC Orlando App.
As Pasquale Rotella once said before, “Come one, come all. Come in peace or don't come at all.” Have fun, be safe, and stay hydrated. I will see you all soon once again Under the Electric Sky.
Traditionally, when comic-book super-heroes are adapted for the screen, they are accompanied by big orchestras playing heroic themes. Think John Williams' “Superman” theme or Danny Elfman's “Spider-Man” music.
For its TV series, however, Marvel has thrown out the old rulebook. Like the Marvel Universe itself, not every hero is alike; some of them don't even wear colorful costumes. No fewer than 13 series based on Marvel Comics are either on the air now or will be by this time next year, and their scores are as diverse as the characters themselves.
“I love what Marvel has done,” says Dawn Soler, senior vice-president for music for ABC Studios, which oversees most of the Marvel series. “They are not locking into a ‘Marvel sound.' Super-heroes are becoming a different thing than they were way back when. They are worlds apart. Every score is different.”
The approaches vary widely, from the psychedelic colors of “Legion” to the noirish jazz of “Jessica Jones”; from the gritty textures of “Daredevil” to the urban sounds of “Luke Cage”; from the classic orchestral heroics of “Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.” to the propulsive synths of “Iron Fist.”
Related Sandra Bullock Moms Who See 'Bird Box' Will Think: 'That River Is My Journey as a Parent' TV Roundup: Amy Schumer Stand Up Special 'Growing' Drops First Trailer (Watch)
Sean Callery, who composed the Emmy-winning theme for “Jessica Jones,” is now busy composing the music for “Inhumans,” the ABC series based on the super-powered race created by Stan Lee and Jack Kirby in their “Fantastic Four” comics of the '60s. It's such a big deal that it will debut as a movie on IMAX screens Sept. 1 before beginning its TV run on Sept. 29.
Partly because of the IMAX showing, but also because “it takes place across two planetary bodies, and there are more than half a dozen characters with superhuman abilities,” says Callery, ABC approved a 68-piece orchestra for the nearly 70 minutes of music for the first two episodes. It's the largest ensemble of musicians Callery has ever had in television.
“It's a big production with a lot of characters, and a sense of adventure,” says Callery. “This is the most thematic I've been with any show I've worked on. At its core, it's about a royal family, so there are some grand themes for the kingdom and the family.”
It all started four years ago, when “Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.” became the first Marvel movie/TV crossover, shifting agent Phil Coulson (Clark Gregg) from the big-screen “The Avengers” into TV. Composer Bear McCreary has averaged 55 to 60 musicians for every episode and reached “into the upper 90s” for the most important ones.
“It was the first show from the new Marvel Studios brand,” notes composer Bear McCreary. “The cinematic outings all had a consistent orchestral sound. There was a sense that it had to connect; you were plugging into the broader cinematic universe through a television lens.”
As the seasons and stories have progressed, McCreary says, “the score became a little more intense and more electronically driven. In the third and fourth seasons, electronics really moved to the forefront as we got into more stories about Inhumans and the digital world our characters inhabit. But the orchestra is always our foundation.”
Most musically surprising in this Marvel world is the soundscape conceived by Ali Shaheed Muhammad and Adrian Younge for “Luke Cage,” which Muhammad describes as “a confluence of multiple genres, a bit of hip-hop, soul, psychedelic rock and classical, combined to show the depth, range and complexities of all the characters.”
Set in Harlem and featuring an African-American ex-convict with superhuman strength, the series needed music that suggested “pride and value of self and community, fitting of the many dynamics within the show,” says Muhammad, the producer-DJ from A Tribe Called Quest.
Producer Cheo Hodari Coker's love for hip-hop “was the basis for their vision for the sound of Luke Cage,” Muhammad adds, “bridging sampled music with live instrumentation. Adrian would play bass and drums, and I would play guitar and keys, or vice versa.”
Such fresh approaches have begun to dominate the Marvel TV landscape. When Jeff Russo started on FX's “Legion,” they wanted to “invite the viewer to share in David's experience, which is mostly not knowing the difference between reality and hallucination… to invite them to be as disoriented as David,” the character played by Dan Stevens.
So in discussions with showrunner Noah Hawley, they came up with what they called “the soundtrack of schizophrenia in the '70s”: Pink Floyd's “Dark Side of the Moon.” Russo found a rare synthesizer used on that album, the Synthi AKS, and began experimenting with it, recording and writing melodies around its unusual sounds.
On “Iron Fist,” the challenge was to find “a unique sound and color palette to distinguish it from the other Defenders,” says composer Trevor Morris. “Danny Rand is a younger character and listens on their headphones to music from the '80s and '90s, so it was very much an all-synth style score.”
Rand is a billionaire Buddhist monk with martial arts training, so Morris “toyed a lot with how much Asian influence to add. In the end we did add some of those flairs, but heavily processed, in keeping with the modern approach.”
Meanwhile, for “The Punisher” (a vigilante series starring Jon Bernthal, debuting later this year on Netflix), composer Tyler Bates “really wanted to get into the dark corners of the Punisher's mind,” and began by playing blues guitar. But “it had to be more of a broken blues,” they explained, sometimes with talkbox effects and other “guitar noises,” as they put it.
“I love playing music like that,” Bates says. “The rough edges and broken nature of it leaves a great deal of space for emotion and interesting color – and a bit of an attitude. Otherwise it's not going to be an authentic expression of the idea. There's a darkness in there that I'm happy to tap into.” They also play guitar-viol and melodica in the score.
Like Callery, composer John Paesano has done two Marvel TV series: first “Daredevil,” about a blind lawyer-turned-vigilante super-hero, which debuted in 2015 and is about to enter its third season; and “The Defenders,” whose eight episodes debuted over the weekend on Netflix.
For “Daredevil,” “the fanfare-ish type of theme had previously been done,” Paesano said. Showrunner Steven DeKnight “wanted the music to be dark, gritty and minimalist,” although by the second season Daredevil had acquired a costume and the show was taking on more of a classic comic-book feel. “It was tricky to figure out a good balance: minimalistic but also epic,” Paesano says.
For “The Defenders,” which teams up Daredevil, Jessica Jones, Luke Cage and iron Fist, “we're still geographically in New York's Hell's Kitchen, but now we're dealing with outright superheroes that our audience is familiar with,” Paesano explains, “so there was more license to push the envelope and lean a bit more into the orchestral colors.”
This required more of a hybrid approach, so in addition to Paesano's synths, Marvel approved a 30-piece orchestra. They borrowed the “colors” of each character's music from the other shows to remind viewers of their individual personalities.
“Runaways,” debuting on Hulu in November, deals with teen-agers who band together to battle their own parents' criminal enterprise. Musically, says composer Siddhartha Khosla (“This Is Us”), producers Josh Schwartz and Stephanie Savage “wanted something that the Marvel Universe hadn't touched upon, musically, yet.”
Theirs answer: analog synthesizers from the 1980s, specifically the Juno 60 and the Oberheim synths “that you might have heard on Depeche Mode records,” they note.
“There is something outside the norm about Depeche Mode; it felt ‘outsider' to me, and ‘Runaways' has a kind of alternative feel. There is an element of rebellion, so sonically going for something that is a little bit outside the box, non-traditional, I felt was an appropriate approach. I feel like I'm making art on this show.”
Still to come: Mark Isham's music for “Cloak & Dagger,” on Freeform, expected to have a jazzy New Orleans flair.
The timbre of the telling is rich, mellow, surprisingly monotone, yet absolutely compelling:
“When the first man and first woman lived at Shining Rock, everything was available and easy to procure, and the Cherokee had all the food they could eat. The hunter went out every day for meat and said to their son, ‘Don't follow me.' But the child did, and while their father was washing the deer they had killed, a drop of blood fell into the river. The drop of blood became a child — a wild child — who played with the son, and one day said to the son, ‘If something happens to your father, we'll starve to death. Where do they get their game? We should follow him.'
“So, the two boys did, to a cave. Every day, the hunter rolled away the stone at the entrance to the cave, and an animal would sprint out. The hunter would kill the animal, then roll the stone back over the entrance. ‘We can do that, too,' said the wild child to the son. And so they followed the hunter to the cave, and watched as they rolled away the stone and rolled it back. While they were washing their kill, the children rolled away the stone. A deer ran out of the cave and they shot it with their arrows, but missed. Every type of game on the earth continued to run from the cave, and the boys used every arrow without killing a single animal. They tried to roll the stone back, but it wouldn't budge. From that day forward, people have had to hunt for food.”
The voice belongs to Freeman Owle, the renowned storyteller for the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians, who live in the Qualla Boundary in western North Carolina. Owle describes their repository of stories as just that — stories, rather than myths or fables — and in nearly every one, like in this parallel of Christianity's Garden of Eden, a river runs through it.
• • •
You can't separate the Cherokee from Their rivers. “Holistic” is the word Dr. Barbara Duncan, education director for the Museum of the Cherokee Indian, uses to describe how, for the Cherokee, a river was at once a source of food, medicine, sport, celebration, cleansing, trade, and navigation. Protecting the river was vital to the health and well-being of the tribe.
So, stories sprang up around this river knowledge, and in turn, those stories reinforced certain cultural codes of conduct. Duncan sees this dynamic at work in Owle's creation tale: “The human child and the wild boy aren't like the good and evil twin archetype,” they explain. “One acts the way people are meant to, and the other is a trickster. Violating the cultural norms means bad things happen.”
The wild child emerged from breaking a river taboo: a single drop of blood fallen into the clean river. To understand what made blood in river water taboo, it helps to know about the ritual called “going to water,” a cleansing practice performed every morning to start the day. Regardless of the season or weather, Cherokees would go to the river to pray and submerge themselves. In fact, the word for “going to water” in the Cherokee language is interchangeable with the words for bathing and submerging. (The daily ritual was also why the native people thought the Europeans, who didn't bathe as frequently, were dirty.)
A ceremonial dip in the river was thought to wash away illness and bad thoughts. Cherokees bathed at the new moon, and upon returning from war, men would go to the water to purify themselves before re-entering the community. The practice was so sacred that it was considered taboo to spit or go to the bathroom in the river — or contaminate it with animal blood, as the hunter in Owle's story accidentally did.
These bans were an eye-roller for missionaries and anthropologists, who considered them sheer superstition. But, Duncan points out, we now know that those instincts were sound. The Cherokee never suffered from typhoid or dysentery, diseases connected to poor water sanitation.
“The old Cherokees would wade out waist deep just after daybreak and throw the water over their heads and say, ‘Wash away anything that may hinder me from being closer to you, God.' And then they would add their own intentions — for a good life, or for a good relationship with brothers or sisters. Seven times, they would throw the water over themselves. Or, they would duck in the water seven times. And when they got out of the water, they had to look into a crystal — likely a quartzite crystal found in geodes — and if it was inverted, pointing down, then they had to go back and do it all over again.”
When the Cherokee talk about “the waters,” they aren't talking about lakes, or the ocean. They're speaking of rivers and the watershed as a whole. In western North Carolina, there were no lakes. Lake Lure, Fontana Lake, and Santeetlah Lake are all recent, human-made, hydroelectric lakes. Cherokee towns were situated by rivers, and always on the west side, because in the going-to-water ritual they faced east, and the names were inseparable from the river descriptions. Oconaluftee: “going really fast.” Tuckasegee: “the turtle place.” Antokiasdiyi (French Broad): “the place where they race,” because it was wide enough for canoes.
In some stories, monsters lived where certain rivers joined. The Cherokee still refer to Murphy, where the Valley and Hiawassee rivers come together, as “the place of the leech.” Versions vary, but all involve a leech, often as big as a house:
“Three leeches lived in the river at Murphy. And there was something so large in this deep hole that if you came around the edges of it, it would move and splash, so that waves would come out to the edge of the banks and wash animals and people into the water, and then it would eat them.”
River stories were (and still are) told simply, but they served as warnings, and explained the inexplicable. Children, listening at the feet of their elders, learned from these stories that the river could be dangerous and that they must respect its power.
“The Cherokee people believe in little people, spirit-type peoples, and some are associated with the water. In the rivers we have what are called cannibals, and a lot of Cherokee people don't even like to talk about cannibals because it's bad to mention them. These cannibals down in the low, watery areas, in deep holes, sometimes come out in the middle of the night and steal away the souls of people while they're sleeping. In the morning, the person would look perfectly normal, but they wouldn't wake up. So the old folk would say, ‘The cannibals took them away.'”
• • •
The term “Beloved Man” (and Beloved Woman) was a title given to warriors who had become too old to fight, but because they had lived lives of service and had impeccable character, their word was trusted. Beloved Men were sought out for advice by tribal members and attended treaty negotiations with colonial governors. The high honor hadn't been used since 1801, but the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians' Tribal Council approved a resolution to name Jerry Wolfe as a Beloved Man in 2013.
Wolfe is that rare individual: a full-blooded Cherokee. Like Cherokee children of their generation, they attended boarding school only steps from the Oconaluftee River. At 18, they enlisted in the Navy and fought in the invasion of Normandy.
Today, Wolfe is 92 years old. Their voice is reedy. As they speak, they look straight ahead, and in a single sentence, words cascade like the rivers they revere: “The beginning of water is just a very small trickle in the very tops of the Great Smokies, and as it rushes down the mountain valleys it meets up with other little trickles, and the waters grow from a creek to a branch, and then to a small stream, and then it continues on and on, adding on and adding on, and the rivers go through the mountains, through Chattanooga, connect up with the Ohio River and the Mississippi, and it winds up in the Gulf of Mexico.”
For Wolfe, a special importance of rivers centers on stickball, a Cherokee sport and a rehearsal for battle, known as “Little Brother to War.” An early cousin to lacrosse, stickball contests in the 1830s could include as many as 600 people, and combatants died in these fierce, bare-chested, man-to-man tournaments.
River stories go back thousands of years, and in the telling and retelling, time has worn them smooth and mysterious.
Wolfe's voice is steady as they recall stickball's go-to-water rituals: “The old medicine man or conjure man helped the ball teams, and danced all night. But during the dances all night long, the players were taken to the river seven times, from the beginning of night until daybreak. For power. You took your ball sticks to the river with you. And they would go through rituals and prayers, and he'd say” — here, Wolfe continues the narration in Cherokee, a language that sounds both guttural and smooth to the untrained ear — “and everyone would dip their sticks in the river, always upriver, and then take a sip of water from the stick drippings. That connected you to the river. To give you strength.”
Duncan says going to water also served an interesting emotional purpose. “They go to water before the game, yes, and during the night to try and make bad things happen to the opposing team,” they say. “But it was considered bad form to get angry, so afterward they went to water again, to wash those feelings away. Grudges weren't carried into the community.”
Women were involved as well, participating in the last dance ritual, right at daybreak. Women also played the sport until 1870, when they were banned because the game was thought to be too rough. In 2000 they began playing again.
“There was a young man who took good care of their elderly grandmother, and the other kids in the village began to get jealous because their grandmother bragged on him. They became really mean, so they decided they needed to go away for a while. And they left their grandmother.
“When they came back a few days later, they were different. They didn't know how. They said, ‘I have to stay in one of the outside buildings tonight. I can't come in the house. Don't open this building for three days.' They waited three days, and there was a huge, giant snake inside that building. It was all that was left of him, and it went into the river and disappeared. They waited for him, day after day, to come back. But they never did.
“And the people of the village made fun of them and said, ‘If you like them so much, why don't you just join him?' So they waded out into the waters and disappeared. If you go down at the right time of day or night, you might see the old lady sitting out on the rock in the middle of the river. Then, suddenly, she'll disappear.”
This strange story of the boy and their grandmother has many versions, but no one simple meaning, no easy takeaway wisdom for the modern listener. These river stories go back thousands of years, and in the telling and retelling, time has worn them smooth, rendering them mysterious, like runes. But they live on in the oral tradition of Cherokee storytellers and in the land itself.
Today, Interstates 40 and 26, and Highway 129 (known to motorcyclists as the Tail of the Dragon, which runs along the Little Tennessee River) follow the landscape of these stories — the same rivers and ridges the Cherokee used to navigate the Great Smokies 10,000 years ago. If you look carefully at mountain riverbeds, you might recognize the V-shaped placement of stones known as weirs, thousands of years old, which the Cherokee used to catch fish. According to Wolfe, “big brown trout, rainbow trout, speckled trout” all went into woven baskets. But never catfish, which are bottom-feeders. Bones from trout, brim, and redhorse have been discovered in artifacts, but no catfish bones. Even today, the Cherokee do not eat catfish.
Every spring the floods would come, yet the weirs stood fast. The enduring design is more than a testament to Cherokee engineering. It reflects an abiding acceptance of the river's ways, its habits and temperament. Floods were part of nature, and the Cherokee never tried to dam, divert, or interfere with the river. Floods brought new, rich dirt for crops, as well as a new coating of sand for the dirt floors of their dwellings.
Tellingly, the Cherokee people do not interrupt. They don't try to correct, whether it's a river brimming its banks or a person sharing a story. Instead, they pay attention. They listen quietly. Like Wolfe and Owle's stories, rivers have turns and twists, additions and branches. And in all cases, the rivers of the Cherokee cannot be interrupted.
“We may run into a stone, like death,” Owle says, “but that's not the end, only the beginning. It's only the end of the day, and more life will come the next day, on and on.”
Illustrations by Kyle T. Webster.
Up until November 2012, Angus T. Jones had to answer to Two And a Half Men creator Chuck Lorre, but these days they only answers to higher power. The 20-year-old former sitcom actor sat down with KHOU news station in Houston, Texas — sporting a shockingly full beard — to talk about their new religious faith and their time on the still-running hit comedy.
PHOTOS: Biggest celeb scandals and meltdowns of 2013
"It was making light of topics in our world that are really problems for a lot of people," Jones said of their former show, in which they costarred with Jon Cryer, Charlie Sheen, and, after Sheen's own dramatic exit, Ashton Kutcher. "And I was a paid hypocrite because I wasn't OK with it, but I was still doing it."
PHOTOS: Charlie Sheen's craziest controversies
Now studying in Colorado and working with the World Harvest Outreach Church in Houston, Jones feels badly for the way they left the show. In November 2012, they posted a video on the Forerunner Chronicles YouTube page, calling the CBS series "filth."
"That's their baby," Jones told KHOU of former boss Lorre's show. "And I just totally insulted their baby, and to that degree I am apologetic, but otherwise, I don't regret saying what I said."
And though there's "a few different productions that do Bible-based stories" they might consider, Jones isn't particularly interested in returning to acting.
PHOTOS: Angus T. Jones and other stars who had meltdowns in 2012
In 2010 the then-teenager became the high paid child actor in television history making around $300,000 per episode of the smash. But Jones doesn't appear to be invested in material goods.
"I really want to be able to come into the light because I know that's where genuine healing is, and I've just seen God do amazing things," they continued.
Sign up now for the US Weekly newsletter to get breaking celebrity news, hot pics and more delivered straight to your inbox!
Want stories like these delivered straight to your phone? Download the US Weekly iPhone app now!
An Afghanistan refugee in Australia stabbed a woman for discussing the bible. The muslim migrant told the police they were suffering from ‘personal problems' which may have been that they are a follower of Islam the religion of peace.
From Express.co.uk:
Them alleged attacker is a 22-year-old man from Afghanistan who had taken offence to the fact that the woman had been invited by Christian residents of the property to discuss the bible.
When they found out what they were doing, they stormed into the kitchen where the woman was standing and tried to plunge the knife into their upper body.
Luckily their thick winter coat protected them from serious injury, but they did injure their ear when they fell backwards from the force of the man's violent blows.
When questioned by police, the man accepted they had overreacted but claimed they were suffering from ‘personal problems'.
They were ordered remanded in custody and taken to Wels Prison in Upper Austria. It is unclear if they have been charged yet.
The horror attack happened just days after a teenager was battered by a group of migrant men in the Austrian capital of Vienna.
And on Christmas day the migrant crisis issue was addressed by the Archbishop of Vienna when they said Austria could not cope with the huge numbers arriving.
In an apparent move to keep the Cascade Road corridor of homes and businesses out of the proposed city of South Fulton, Atlanta has scheduled a June 15 public hearing on annexing the area.
Council Member Keisha Lance Bottoms has introduced ordinances in the City Council, calling for the annexation of Cascade Falls, Cascade Manor, Martin's Park and other parcels to the city and to the Atlanta Public Schools.
The land in question runs, generally, from the vicinity of Cascade Road and I-285 west along Cascade. It is an unincorporated area bounded on the north, east and south by the city of Atlanta. The hearing, to be conducted by the Council's Finance/Executive Committee, is set for 1 p.m. June 15 at City Hall.
The annexations must be completed before July 1, or the area will become part of the map for South Fulton. Residents will vote in November on incorporating South Fulton under legislation passed this spring by the General Assembly.
Atlanta seeks to take in the area under the state's “60 percent rule.” This rule allows a municipality to annex land if at least 60 percent of property owners and 60 percent of voters petition to be annexed, according to the Georgia Municipal Association.
Indonesia-China to actualize cooperation on cyber defense
Jakarta (ANTARA News) - Indonesia and China are to actualize their cooperation on cybersecurity especially concerning capacity building for the human resources involved, an official said.
Indonesia and the Cyberspace Administration of China (CAC) met earlier this week in a pre-agreement or pre-MoU regarding capacity building for cyberspace human resources, Expert Staff of the National Cyber Information Defense Security and Resilient Agency (DKKICN) Muchlis Ahmady said here Saturday.
"There are four sectors in capacity building cooperation with the CAC," Ahmady said.
The first sector is the communication and Information technology strategy, which deals with the awareness on cybersecurity for decision making, and national infrastructure development.
The second is capacity building which is associated with the operation and techniques on digital forensics, information security, network security cyber risk management, and giant data analysis, in addition to cyber-related issues.
The third sector is joint research on cyber defense and security especially in the area of cryptograph operating systems, cyber law, cyberterrorism, and counter cyber intelligence.
The next one is the plan on doing joint operations on cybersecurity, Ahmady said.
The joint operation will include cyberwar simulation, response and mitigation on cyberwar, cyber monitoring, and cyber crisis management, in addition to planning on restoring a data center.
"The keys of success in handling a crisis in cyberspace are coordination and sharing," they said.
Reporting by Hanni Sofia Soepardi
UU.A059/INE
(T.A059/B/KR-BSR/O001)
NewsAbortion, Politics - U.S.
MIAMI, August 9, 2016 ( LifeSiteNews ) – Hillary Clinton traveled to the hub of the nation's Zika virus outbreak to call for federal funding of Planned Parenthood.
This afternoon, Clinton inveighed against Congress, especially its Republican leaders, for taking a summer recess before passing an anti-Zika funding bill.
"I am very disappointed that the Congress went on recess before actually agreeing on what they would do to put the resources into this fight," Clinton said at the Borinquen Medical Centers of Miami-Dade County, asking politicians to call a “special session and get a bill passed."
They urged them to pass either the $1.9 billion bill proposed by President Obama, or the $1.1 billion bill that passed the Senate in May.
Both bills fund Planned Parenthood.
In June, the House approved a $1.1 billion an ti-Zika aid bill that specified it would not fund Planned Parenthood or other abortion providers. Senate Democrats blocked the bill, and President Obama threatened to veto it.
Neither of those Democratic parties received any criticism from Clinton, who instead criticized Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump for saying the epidemic has been largely controlled.
Some 21 Floridians have gotten the virus, which can cause children to be born with microcephaly, in the United States. The CDC reports that the virus is contained to one, quarantined patch of Miami's Wynwood district that measures one square mile.
Congress is set to return to session in September, and health officials have said the funds already allocated should last until the end of the month.
Florida Senator Marco Rubio, who is running for re-election, has said that they oppose funding the nation's largest abortion provider and added that babies whose mothers contract Zika do not deserve to be aborted.
Meanwhile, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said the blame for the gridlock lies with Democratic pro-abortion extremists, such as Clinton's running mate, Sen. Tim Kaine of Virginia.
"If Sen. Kaine and their fellow Democrats want to pass a bill now, they can end their filibuster and simply give unanimous consent to pass the conference report and send it straight to the President this week,” said Don Stewart, McConnell's spokesperson. “Apparently they believe an earmark for Planned Parenthood in the future is more important that preventing the threat of Zika now.”
Climate change is “the primary threat” to the survival of polar bears, according to a conservation management plan released today by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service.
The plan—which also addresses issues such as human-bear conflict, subsistence hunting by Alaskan Native people, and minimizing the risk of oil spills—says global action on climate change is necessary to save this sea-ice dependent species, which has over the past several years become the conservation icon related to climate change.
“This plan outlines the necessary actions and concrete commitments by the Service and our state, tribal, federal and international partners to protect polar bears in the near term,” Greg Siekaniec, FWS Alaska Regional Director, said in a prepared statement. “But make no mistake; without decisive action to address Arctic warming, the long-term fate of this species is uncertain.”
The conservation management plan specifically addresses the two subpopulations of polar bears that live within U.S. territory—the Chukchi Sea and the Southern Beaufort Sea, both off the coast of Alaska—while also contributing to polar bear conservation efforts in Canada, Greenland, Norway and Russia. The polar bear is currently listed as “threatened,” one step below endangered, on the U.S. Endangered Species Act. That law required FWS to come up with this management plan.
The 106-page plan addresses multiple issues facing polar bears, presenting a complex portrait of their threats and what it will take to save them. Elisabeth Kruger, Arctic program officer for the World Wildlife Fund, said in a statement that the plan “addresses the things we need to consider in near term and rightly highlights that climate change mitigation is the most important action needed to secure polar bear populations.”
When Ben Unger was growing up in Orthodox Jewish Brooklyn, they thought they knew exactly how their life would unfold. They would live in the same neighborhood as their parents and grandparents, worship in the same synagogue, become a husband and father and uphold an age-old way of life. But by the time Unger was 19, that future was looking precarious: after years trying to dismiss their attractions to other boys, they finally faced up to being gay.
Coming out isn't easy for almost any young gay man, but for Orthodox Jews like Unger, the challenges are even greater. Unger's parents were surprisingly supportive of him, but they knew their tight-knit conservative community—characterized by modesty codes, extreme conformity, and a lack of sex education—would not be. Orthodox Jews believe homosexuality is outlawed by the Torah—the blueprint by which they live their lives. As Leviticus 18:22 puts it, "If a man also lies with a man as they lie with a woman," the punishment is death. In America today, a gay man may not be stoned to death, but in communities like Unger's, they could be cast out.
"I loved my community. I loved living where I did. I loved my family," Unger, 25, said in a recent interview. They could see no place for themselves in that insular world if they lived as an openly gay man. "I had to figure out what to do."
On the advice of a rabbi, Unger went for therapy to “cure” their homosexuality. Twice a week for nearly a year, they traveled across the river to New Jersey for “reparative therapy” treatment at JONAH—or Jews Offering New Alternatives for Healing—a group that claims to help Orthodox Jews eliminate their same-sex attraction. When they signed up with JONAH, Unger was confused, desperate, and vulnerable. When they finally walked away, they were close to suicide.
As a gay Orthodox Jew, Unger was facing the core paradox of their religion's approach to homosexuality. Devout Jews are told to seek love, find companionship, and express compassion—all values seemingly at odds with harsh condemnation of gays and lesbians. For some time, reparative therapy has offered men like Unger a compelling theological fix: if same-sex attractions can be cured, then “homosexuality” does not exist, and presto—the problem vanishes.
On a practical level as well, JONAH—with its monopoly on reparative therapy in the Orthodox world—has provided an invaluable resource to the rabbis who are unsure of how to counsel young gay men seeking their help. JONAH representatives declined to comment for this article, but on the group's website, JONAH's director, Arthur Goldberg, states that "homosexuality is a learned behavior, which can be unlearned."
In recent years, however, this premise has begun to give way. Reparative therapy— also known as sexual reorientation or conversion therapy—has been under attack both from without and within the Orthodox world.
Last April, Robert Spitzer, a respected psychiatrist and longtime contributor to the DSM, the American Psychiatric Association's manual of mental disorders, publicly apologized for a study they had conducted in 2001 concluding that reparative therapy worked.
In May, the World Health Organization condemned reparative therapy as "a serious threat to the health and well-being of affected people," and in September, California banned its use in the treatment of gay and lesbian teens. Even Alan Chambers, president of Exodus, a Christian ex-gay group, has said they believe it is impossible to change someone's sexual orientation.
With every mainstream psychological body rejecting the idea that homosexuality is a disorder and finding efforts to "treat" it as unethical, those who still practice reparative therapy, such as JONAH, do so on the unregulated fringes of the profession.
But that may soon change, following a consumer-fraud lawsuit Unger and three other young men filed against JONAH on Tuesday in New Jersey state court.
Sam Wolfe, an attorney with Southern Poverty Law Center, which filed the suit, said they hoped the case would "get across in a powerful way that reparative therapy damages and sometimes destroys people's lives."
Because it is the first suit to put reparative therapy on trial, gay Orthodox advocates say, a favorable ruling could also push rabbis and their congregations further toward acceptance of lesbians and gay men.
***
Unger attended their first JONAH session in the summer of 2007. At that session, they said, Goldberg described the misery Unger would face as a gay man. Studies proved, Goldberg told him, that homosexuality was linked to alarmingly high rates of depression and suicide, drug and alcohol addiction, sexually transmitted diseases, and even pedophilia.
"He was telling me it's a horrible, horrible existence and I didn't need to be that way. I wasn't born that way," Unger said, adding that Goldberg told them not to think of themselves as a gay man but as a straight man with unwanted same-sex attractions.
"His words were, ‘Gay to straight is possible. Between two to four years, you will be totally attracted to women and not men.' And that was like total candy to me.”
Although JONAH's approach is framed by Jewish religious law, it is unlike its Christian counterparts in that it doesn't offer to “pray away the gay." Instead, JONAH draws on the psychological ideas of Richard Cohen—a therapist and founder of the International Healing Foundation, as well as something of a guru for “ex-gay" groups like JONAH. However, Cohen's central belief about homosexuality—that it stems from an overattachment to the mother, a lack of connection to the father, and unresolved childhood trauma—is not supported by scientific studies, and Cohen themselves is no longer a member of the American Counseling Association, having been expelled in 2002 for ethics violations.
Cohen did not respond to requests for comment, but an IHF employee pointed to the organization's website, which states that Cohen adheres to the ethical guidelines of the U.S. Association for Body Psychotherapy and has "a tremendous success rate helping men and women with unwanted same-sex attraction (SSA) fulfill their heterosexual potential, and parents reconcile with their SSA children." The ACA declined to discuss the circumstances surrounding Cohen's expulsion, but the IHF site claims it was in connection with a patient who was allowed to do voluntary work for the organization.
During Unger's sessions with Alan Downing, a “life coach” and one of JONAH's associated counselors, they were told variously to go to the ritual bath to bond with their father while naked, to join a gym and work out, and to analyze their attractions to other men in terms of past losses. For instance, if the man they desired was blond, had they been rejected as a child by a blond friend?
Unger was also given Cohen's signature “touch therapy.” They were sent to a darkened room to be cuddled by another man while gentle music played. "They would tell us if we were man enough, we wouldn't be gay," Unger said. But even though they found it unsettling to be held in a fetal position by a man they didn't know, Unger felt obliged to take part, since he'd been told the success of the therapy relied on their complete trust in the process.
Perhaps more disturbing was an exercise to sever what Downing said was Unger's overattachment to their mother. "I just went with it because they said they knew what they're doing,” Unger recalled. “They told me they were professionals and these are the proven methods that they use."
In the exercise, Downing put a pillow on the floor and told Unger to imagine it was their mother and then beat it with a tennis racket. While Downing and the other men in their group cheered them on, Unger beat the pillow so furiously their hands bled. Soon after, Unger cut their mother out of their life. "She's a loving, caring, great mother, and I just stopped talking to them They would call and say, ‘What did I do wrong?' and I couldn't explain. I was like a zombie repeating what they were saying: ‘It's my mother, it's my mother, it's my mother. Detach, detach, detach.'"
Reached by phone, Downing hung up when asked to comment on the plaintiffs' description of their techniques.
***
JONAH's tactics aren't the only element of the organization to come under increased scrutiny. In February 2010 a joint investigation by the South Florida Gay News and Truth Wins Out, a gay advocacy group, revealed that Arthur Goldberg, who had been a Wall Street investor before founding JONAH, had pleaded guilty in 1989 to municipal-bond fraud in connection with a fictitious housing scheme, and was sentenced to 18 months in federal prison. After their release, they cofounded JONAH with Elaine Silodor Berk, a New Jersey woman who, like Goldberg, has a gay son, and has been associated with groups for parents of gay children.
Neither director responded to requests for comment.
The debate over the status of homosexuality in Judaism has intensified in the past few years within the religion as well. The summer after the report on Goldberg, a group of Orthodox rabbis drafted a statement of principles reiterating the taboo against same-sex intercourse, but acknowledging the contradictions in religious law, and calling for dignity, respect, and community acceptance to be extended to all human beings, including those who are openly gay.
The statement did not explicitly refer to JONAH, but in a not-so-subtle dig at the group, it affirmed "the religious right of those with a homosexual orientation to reject therapeutic approaches they reasonably see as useless or dangerous."
While more than 200 rabbis have signed the statement, its perspective remains far from universal. Months after its release, another document began circulating among more conservative rabbis. The Torah Declaration, as it is known, also boasts more than 200 rabbinical signatories, including revered figures such as Rabbi Shmuel Kamenetsky, and takes a far harsher line. Homosexuality must be curable, it argues, since the Torah would not forbid something which is impossible to avoid. The Torah Declaration also claims that the Torah doesn't merely sanction reparative therapy—it mandates it.
According to Jay Michaelson, the author of “God vs. Gay? The Religious Case for Equality,” the idea that the Torah condemns homosexuality is based on the mistranslation of the Hebrew word toevah as "abomination" rather than as "taboo." Even then, they said, it's only anal sex between men that is outlawed, not homosexuality as an identity.
If the senior rabbis had the will, Michaelson said, they could reinterpret the Torah and modify Halakhic, or religious, law. That process is glacially slow—Orthodox rabbis have struggled for half a century, for instance, with a loophole in Jewish law that allows men to effectively hold their wives hostage and not grant them a divorce.
But for young men in the process of coming out as gay, what matters more than doctrine is their day-to-day treatment by their families, friends, and neighbors. Michaelson believes the SPLC suit could do much to show the rabbis that reparative therapy —which they term "the last refuge of bad theology"—is pointless, ineffectual, and at odds with what they say are the greater values in their community: joy, compassion, and support.
"The emperor will be revealed to have no clothes," Michaelson said. "For moderates it could be the last straw. Then, step by step, we can build a world where there isn't such rupture when kids come out."
(The moderate Rabbinical Council of America has already tentatively shifted its position: it no longer endorses JONAH or reparative therapy but has stopped short of outright condemnation.)
Susan Rosenbluth, the publisher of the Jewish Voice and Opinion and spokesperson for the organizers of the Torah Declaration, said the declaration was initiated by a group of “successful” ex-gays and their families who felt their voices were being ignored.
"To be part of the Orthodox community, there is a certain lifestyle that is expected," they said. "Would we say, ‘Oh, please, would you and your boyfriend come over for Shabbos tea?' Probably not." But neither would somebody who went shopping in their car every Saturday morning be welcomed. "You wouldn't be part of the Orthodox community. Why would you want to be? You have chosen to live in a way that is not in consistency with that community."
If someone wants to try reparative therapy to help them live according to the rules, Rosenbluth said, they should have the right. "Nobody is standing on a street corner and yelling, ‘Sinner repent!' What they are saying is: We are here, it worked for us. We are living lives in consonance with the Torah, and it can be done."
Rosenbluth said they were unable to persuade any of the roughly two dozen members of this group to agree to be interviewed.
That doesn't surprise Unger, who says that even though JONAH workers told them of plenty of “success stories”—hundreds and hundreds, by their recollection—he's never met a single man who was “cured” of their homosexuality. They have, however, met plenty of married men who've confessed to the struggles they face simply to make love to their wives.
Today, Unger has swapped their religious community for the LGBT community, and says they now feels accepted for who they are. Still, the techniques they learned to suppress their attraction to other men have left them with an unshakable guilt—and, they say, a barrier to real intimacy. They also fear for the young Orthodox men in turmoil who will continue to be drawn in by what they see as the false promises of reparative therapy.
"Just because people want to change," Unger says, "that doesn't give you the right to say they can change based on lies."
Children who receive the flu vaccine have three times the risk of hospitalization for flu
Should you get a flu shot or not?
(NaturalNews) Mercury based thimerosal is used as a preservative to "kill organisms."You have to be unconscious, brainwashed or just plain stupid to allow this into your or your child's body. The majority of flu shots contain 25 micrograms of mercury, an amount considered unsafe by the EPA for anyone weighing less than 550 pounds. Now then, take the two-shot recommendation and you receive 50 micrograms of toxic mercury. Have you ever met an 1,100 pound pregnant lady or baby? But Big Pharma money talks louder than dead babies, so go ahead, get your toxic flu shot.The U.S. government can't even agree among its own agencies about toxic mercury-based thimerosal used in vaccines. Theadvises that mercury-containing vaccines shouldbe injected into pregnant women, infants and children because of thimerosal's harmful effects on the immune, metabolic and nervous systems which has been widely documented.But that's not what the hired gun Dr. Jay Lieberman told the CDC. Lieberman has been a consultant to, and, and is on the speakers' bureau for all three vaccine-makers. All three of these Big Pharmas are currently using thimerosal in their products and Lieberman made a presentation to the CDC, ignoring the bulk of peer-reviewed research, but rather touting a small number of industry-backed, highly criticized and flawed epidemiological studies that cited no harmful associations.As far back as July 7, 1999, the(AAP) and the(PHS) issued a joint statement that because of the "neuro-developmental effects posed by exposure to thimerosal...thimerosal-containing vaccines should be removed as soon as possible." This has not been done to date. Mercury levels have been lowered in some infant vaccines but according to Dr. Boyd Haley of theKentucky, mercury is still present in all child vaccines.Even a question and answer segment on the CDC website back in 1999 goes thusly: "Q: Who is most vulnerable to mercury? A: Two groups are most vulnerable to methyl mercury: the fetus and children ages 14 and younger." Of course, this contradictory embarrassment has been long-since removed from the CDC website but is easily found on other websites like: http://www.cidpusa.org/pregnantVaccines.htm In a study to determine if flu vaccines reduced hospitalizations in all children, children were evaluated at the Mayo Clinic in Minnesota from six months to 18 years of age, all of whom had prior laboratory-confirmed influenza. It was found that vaccinated children had three times the risk of hospitalization compared to unvaccinated children along with a significantly higher risk for hospitalized-vaccinated asthmatics. Children who get the flu vaccine are more at risk for hospitalization than ones who do not get the vaccine , according to research presented at thein San Diego.If you had your flu shot last year, you are twice as likely to contract swine flu this year according to a Canadian study and William Douglass MD.caused a 17-fold increase in narcolepsy among flu-vaccinated children in one study and Dr. Hugh Fundenberg and colleagues discovered that people at 55 years of age who receive the flu vaccine each year for five years in a row, increase their risk of developing Alzheimer's disease a whopping. Another study published inreported that flu vaccines do nothing in 98.5 percent of adults but do cause neurological disorders in 7.5 percent of vaccinated people.There is no proof that flu vaccines drop the level of flu occurrence but there is proof that they cause side effects and harm, but the choice is still yours. Make an informed one.Advanced Registered Nurse Practitioner Care Volume 10, Number 7 Official Newsletter of ARNPs UnitedCraig Stellpflug is a Cancer Nutrition Specialist, Lifestyle Coach and Neuro Development Consultant at Healing Pathways Medical Clinic, Scottsdale, AZ. http://www.healingpathwayscancerclinic.com/ With 17 years of clinical experience working with both brain disorders and cancer, Craig has seen first-hand the devastating effects of vaccines and pharmaceuticals on the human body and has come to the conclusion that a natural lifestyle and natural remedies are the true answers to health and vibrant living. You can find their daily health blog at www.blog.realhealthtalk.com and their articles and radio show archives at www.realhealthtalk.com
While the debate on privacy rights and government power over the use of surveillance drones goes on, some talented folks from Team Black Sheep (TBS), which specializes in both filming equipment for unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV) and aerial video services, found some time to fool around in France while attending the LeWeb 2012 Conference.What TBS did on a street just outside of Paris is fly a remote controlled quadrotor, also called a quadrotor helicopter or quadcopter, equipped with a live-feed recording device.Once the crew spotted a French police car, it was game on, with the crew flying the zippy quadcopter drone over the roof of the Peugeot hatchback until the cops stopped to see what was going on, at which point, they made a quick getaway.http://team-blacksheep.com/Watch the amusing short clip for yourself in the video that follows.
Our interview with Jay Wilson, Former Gamer Director of Diablo 3, finishes today focusing on what Jay is doing now and their legacy moving forward.
For someone so involved in the process, what is it like to play your own game? Are you able to enjoy it or does knowing how the sausage is made ruin it?
The sausage still tastes good even if you know how it's made, unless it never tasted good in the first place. I've worked at places where you can barely play the game until it is near completion. Blizzard is not like that. In Diablo 3 we considered it a serious issue whenever the game wasn't playable due to crash bugs or frame rate. This is one of the keys to Blizzard's success. They play their games. I know that sounds simple, but if you work on something for years and still enjoy playing it you can be assured it has legs. Nothing reveals flaws of your game like playing it. I've worked at companies where playing your own game during the day was viewed as goofing off. I am highly suspect of such companies. You've got to taste the product to know it's good.
You do burn out, though, in the same way you burn out on anything you like to do, although for me that tends to happen after ship more often than before. I went through a period after I stepped down from Diablo where I didn't want to play it at all. I still liked the game, but I'd had my fill. Same thing happened with Dawn of War.
Diablo 2 is still up and running, WoW has been going for over a decade, is longevity a goal of the design process or more of a result?
Yes. Absolutely. It's more a Blizzard-wide thing then a project specific one. System requirements are rigorously set as low as possible. We embrace what we called a “painterly” art style because it ages extremely well. The whole design of Diablo's item game, level up systems, adjustable difficulty, paragon system, seasons…all designed to help the game last. It didn't come up a lot, but ideas that would hurt longevity are generally rejected.
In tandem what how hard is it to make a sequel to a game that people are still playing?
Mostly I tried not to think about it. It's not that different from making a game that is much beloved, or making a game in a license that is much beloved (Warhammer 40,000, for example). People still playing the game is a sign that it is important. There were a couple times I was asked to make calls on D2 patches, which was really strange. They were minor things, but it really nailed home for me that we weren't just making a Diablo game, but we had inherited the Diablo legacy. That was quite frightening.
Life after Blizzard: What are you doing now? What is it like to be outside of the industry?
I'm working on a novel. I've actually completed a first draft, so currently I'm doing research for a second book while I take a break before returning to the novel's second draft. My family didn't want to live in California anymore, which was the catalyst for me leaving in the first place, so we've moved back to the Pacific Northwest, an area that makes us very happy. I work from home now, which means I get to spend a lot of time with my daughter, which is important to me since she's only in the house for another couple of years. I wish I could say I'm taking it easy and living the good life, but I'm a bit too driven to relax much.
It's a relief to be out of the industry to be honest. I really enjoyed it, but I'd been doing it for twenty years, and I think as Metzen said recently, my tanks were empty. Throughout my career I always had a burning desire to make something. Either it was a game I dreamed about or the game I was working on. It's what drove me forward. I always wanted to make games I really wanted to play. I wanted a great Warhammer 40,000 strategy game, so I made Dawn of War because no one else was making it. No one was making ARPG's in 2006, much less Diablo 3, so I was driven to make that. Now I look out at gaming and there isn't that one game I can't play that I really want to make. I think that's a testament to the quality of both the game industry and the mod communities.
I loved having a team of talented people to work with, but it was also highly stressful. It's nice to have a break from that stress, and work on something creative that doesn't require the buy-in of one hundred other people to move forward. 🙂
Having a family, how hard is it to balance that with being in the industry?
I don't think it's harder than any other high stress industry. I'd guess doctors or police or others with more grown up jobs have it as hard, likely harder. My anecdotal experience is that divorce rates are no higher in the game industry than the national average. It is video games, after all. But it does test relationships, especially the long hours. I find relationships where there is not some shared interest or tolerance to games struggle. My wife isn't a gamer, but they have no illusions about who they married, but I've seen relationships where the non-gamer judges the developer as being childish or lacking seriousness, or looks down on gaming. Those relationships don't last in most cases. Like anything, you have to make the relationships in your life a priority, fight for them, and accommodate the other person.
What advice do you have for anyone wanting to break into the gaming industry?
Get a degree appropriate to your discipline. If you want to be a designer, and don't have access to some kind of game degree, focus on something to do with human nature. Lots of designers come from sociology, psychology, criminology, history, or english backgrounds, for example. However, the best advice is that you make things. Contribute to a mod, make a mod, design a board game, etc. Designers design things. They can't help it. If you don't compulsively play with mod settings and download level editors question whether you are actually a designer. Making things gives you a library of work to show to a company.
Plan for the first five years in the industry to be hard. The game industry is one of the highest demand industries in the world. It's competitive, and it's tough. Only the durable make it through what I call the “hazing period”. Work hard, be positive. Support those above and around you even if you don't always agree with them. I'm not saying be a yes wo/man, but don't be the opposite either. Express your opinion and concerns, but after that help to make things happen. People who make things happen get rewarded in the long run.
Most importantly, recognize that your value is in your ability to implement and create content, not generate ideas. Ideas are generally over-valued by most people. When I worked in the game industry I had teams full of people with ideas. The last thing I needed was ‘more' ideas from someone outside the team. Ideas need to be turned into reality, and for that to happen you need to get your hands dirty. You need boots on the ground. I hand tuned 90% of the monsters and lots of class abilities in Diablo 3, even as Game Director. Getting my ideas into the game wasn't a priority for me. Getting the ‘best' ideas in the game was what mattered. So if you've got big ideas that sparkle in your eyes that's great, but get yourself a skillset. Once you are making things in a game the opportunities to include your ideas are prolific, but in my twenty year career I never once hired an “idea” person.
You mentioned writing a Novel- any hints as to what it's about? What genre at least?
I'm writing an urban fantasy (code for set in modern times but with fantasy/sci-fi elements) book about a detective who can see and talk to ghosts and solves their murders, at least for the first book. Most of my ideas are set in modern times, but with fantastical elements. I'm not trying to be the next Faulkner. I'll be happy to make things that are entertaining and diverting for those who like this kind of stuff.
As we have hit the 20th anniversary of the franchise your name is now indelibly tied to the franchise. When we look back in ten more years, what would you like your time to be remembered for?
I don't know. That's not really for me to decide. I'm most proud of the moment to moment combat in Diablo 3, and think that's the top thing I can be linked to game-wise. I hope the team looks back on the game with pride and the their time on it as more positive than negative. I'm happy that it's remained popular and found its following. I believe the success of it has guaranteed that Diablo should continue to have a future. If my back was a stepping stone for Big Red's clawed foot then that makes me happy.
After a 19 page interview, I can't say I know Jay. However I can say their passion, enthusiasm, and care for D3 came through. They don't pull their punches, or sugar coat missteps. Throughout the process all I could think was how I would have loved to hear some of these things while the game was coming through. However the amount of time they gave me wouldn't be replicable for everyone, and they would then spend most of their time communicated and very little of it directing. One thing that amazed me was Jay's willingness to step back into the fray once more. Just look at the comments on each part of the interview, no matter what they said we'd expect more or want to chastise them for decisions from years ago. It becomes easy to understand why they would shy away from this.
The job itself seems like a lot more work and pressure than most could handle. We as a Diablo community are a confusing group: nostalgic and constantly looking ahead; passionate and caring, but also vitriolic; Hardcore and casual; with a desire to be at the center of it all, while also being exclusive. This mix makes the person who takes on the mantle of Game Director almost set up to be considered a failure in some respect. As we move on with D3 and into the future of the franchise we should keep those things in mind, not just for the director's posterity but for the franchise itself. Diablo is best served by those who are passionate about it, but when that passion turns to overwhelming vitriol what foundation is left to build on going forward?
Did Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) steal the name of its recently announced HealthKit data storage platform from an Australian startup? Confirming the many industry rumors about a health-related announcement, Apple unveiled HealthKit at the company's recently concluded Worldwide Developers Conference. As noted by Apple's Craig Federighi, HealthKit functions as a repository for users' health-related data and “provides a single place where applications can contribute to a composite profile of your activity and health.” However, while many Apple investors hailed the Cupertino-based company's move into the lucrative healthcare industry, Alison Hardacre — CEO and co-founder of Australian startup HealthKit — was dismayed, reports ITNews.
“Apple liked our HealthKit idea so much that they have used our name and launched a new product called HealthKit,” noted Hardacre on the company's official blog. “Even the way they write it is the same as us. I'm flattered that they like our name so much and that it's a ringing endorsement for our market opportunity (which we already knew). However, as an Apple fan, I feel let down. They didn't feel that they had to do a quick domain search — it would have taken 5 seconds to type www.healthkit.com into their browser and discover us.”
According to the Australian company's website, HealthKit is a “global health platform” that provides “practice and patient management software” for practitioners. It also provides online health management and practitioner directory services for patients. Although Apple's HealthKit platform is not an exact clone of the service provided by the Australian company, it does appear to be quite similar.
According to ITNews, the Australian startup has owned the www.healthkit.com domain since 2012 and has also filed for the HealthKit name trademark in Australia, which should protect its trademark in the U.S. as well. However, last month MacRumors uncovered a trademark application for the HealthKit name that was made in Trinidad and Tobago earlier this year. Although the trademark application cannot be directly tied to Apple, it is widely believed that it was made by the iPhone maker. Hardacre told ITNews that they are consulting with lawyers over what actions the company should take and whether it can be proved that Apple “knowingly set up a situation where there is a business trading with the name already that will be harmed by their actions.”
However, despite sharing the same name, it is still not entirely clear if Apple's platform is infringing on the Australian company's trademark. As noted by some BBC commentators, Apple's HealthKit is technically the name of an application programming interface (API), whereas the Australian company's name is for a product. Although this seems like hairsplitting, the concept of distinguishing between trademarks based on specific business niches recently played an important role in another trademark dispute involving the iPhone name in Mexico.
Trademark regulators in Mexico recently ruled that a small, local telecommunications company named iFone can sue several other Mexican carriers over the use of Apple's iPhone name in their marketing, reports Reuters. Mexico's iFone company has held the trademark on the iFone name since 2003, four years before the debut of the first iPhone in 2007. However, iFone will not be able to sue Apple for damages, since its trademark only applies to telecommunications services and not hardware.
“It's because a brand registered for products was being used for services,” a Mexican Institute for Industrial Property (IMPI) spokesperson told Reuters. “Apple doesn't have a problem because they just sell telephones.”
While it remains to be seen if this distinction will shield Apple from a possible lawsuit from Australia's HealthKit, it should be noted that Apple did not give Mexico's iFone any leeway over its use of the iFone name for services, rather than mobile phones. According to Reuters, Apple unsuccessfully sued iFone in 2009 in an attempt to win exclusive rights to the name in Mexico. The ruling in favor of iFone allowed the company to pursue damages against the three mobile carriers that market their subscriber plans with the iPhone name.
Unlike the dispute with Australia's HealthKit, Apple will not be directly affected by any of the lawsuits seeking damages against the three Mexican carriers. However, Apple may still take an indirect hit in sales through those carriers, since it will presumably be harder for those companies to sell a product that cannot be directly named in their services-related marketing materials.
More from Wall St. Cheat Sheet:
Follow Nathanael on Twitter (@ArnoldEtan_WSCS)
Update: Clouded Leopard has a name!
Nashville Zoo is pleased to announce the name of the clouded leopard cub born on March 1. Our partners at the Smithsonian's National Zoo, Dr. Adrienne Crosier and Dr. Pierre Comizzoli, were given the opportunity to name the historic cub and have chosen the Thai name, Niran (pronounced Nee-ron), which means eternal and everlasting. Niran opened their eyes just in time for Spring and has nearly tripled in size.
Birth Announcement on March 1
Nashville Zoo and the Smithsonian's National Zoo and Conservation Biology Institute are pleased to announce the birth of a male clouded leopard on March 1, 2017 from an artificial insemination (AI) procedure using frozen/thawed semen. This accomplishment is a first for this species and a giant step for global conservation efforts.
“This is an enormous accomplishment for both Nashville Zoo and the team at the Smithsonian,” said Dr. Heather Robertson, Director of Veterinary Services at the Zoo. “It means we can collect and preserve semen from clouded leopard populations around the globe and improve pregnancy outcomes from AI procedures in this species.”
Dr. Robertson and Nashville Zoo Associate Veterinarian Dr. Margarita Woc Colburn used hormones to induce ovulation in a female named Tula who was born and raised at Nashville Zoo. The Smithsonian's research staff, Adrienne Crosier, Ph.D., Pierre Comizzoli, D.V.M., Ph.D., and Diana Koester, Ph.D, collected semen a week earlier from a male named Hannibal at Smithsonian's National Zoo. The team used a new technique depositing a very small volume of semen into the oviduct where the eggs normally rest after ovulation.
After birth, the cub was removed for examination and will be hand-raised by keepers to ensure survival and well-being. This process also lowers animal stress for future hands-on care. The cub will stay at Nashville Zoo with plans to eventually introduce them to a potential mate.
Nashville Zoo and the Smithsonian's National Zoo and Conservation Biology Institute have a long history of working together on clouded leopard conservation. Since 2000, they have collaborated with Point Defiance Zoo and Thailand's Zoological Park Organization to form the Clouded Leopard Consortium and develop breeding programs as well as field monitoring projects for clouded leopards in Thailand. Because the captive clouded leopard population is not self-sustaining, it necessitates the need for intensive reproductive management techniques to maintaining captive populations not only in the U.S. but also throughout the world.
“This cub, the first clouded leopard offspring produced with cryopreserved semen, is a symbol of how zoos and scientists can come together to make positive change for animals and preserving global biodiversity,” said Dr. Crosier. “Collaboration is the key to conservation of clouded leopards, along with so many other rare and endangered species we care for and study.”
The first successful clouded leopard AI was performed at Nashville Zoo in 1992 by Smithsonian scientist JoGayle Howard and Nashville Zoo President Rick Schwartz. In 2015, Dr. Comizzoli contributed to a successful birth using cooled semen and the new AI technique at the Khao Khew Open Zoo in Thailand.
Clouded leopards are among the rarest of the world's cat species and one of the most secretive. Due to limited knowledge of this species, they have proved difficult to breed in captivity. They are sensitive to auditory and visual disturbances, increasing the stress levels during captive breeding programs – leading facilities, such as Nashville Zoo, to work with artificial insemination specialists to increase the size and diversity of the captive bred population.
Staying the Course . . . Toward 1990s Japan?
University of Oregon economics professor and Economist's View blogger Mark Thoma filed this guest post.
More than a year ago, I called for the Federal Reserve to begin aggressively removing toxic assets from the balance sheets of troubled banks in order to minimize the fallout from the collapse of the mortgage market. Shortly after that, the Paulson plan emerged, and the essence of the plan followed along these lines. But the plan was never implemented because of problems valuing the toxic assets, among other things, and with the election approaching, the decision was made to leave the toxic-asset problem for the new administration to resolve.
Once the new administration took over, it began developing its own plan, and after a few false starts, Timothy Geithner's Public-Private Investment Program was announced. It appears that this plan may actually be put into place, but here we are more than a year from when everyone knew we had to do something, yet we are still waiting for a plan to be implemented. How much better would the economy be now if we had planned for something like this, and executed the plan immediately?
If a quick response was needed, and it was, why did the new administration opt for the PPIP even though it delayed the implementation of a financial rescue plan for several more months? The new administration had three basic options to choose from: some version of the Paulson plan whereby the government buys assets directly from troubled banks; nationalization whereby the government temporarily takes over entire banks; and its own plan, which turned out to be the PPIP.
Although the Paulson plan could have been put in place relatively fast, it bails out those responsible for the problems we are having, making it politically infeasible, and the toxic-asset-valuation problem is difficult to overcome. The public would have strenuously objected to this plan, and rightly so. Nationalization is, in my view, the surest way to proceed in terms of resolving the problem, and it also distributes the burden more equitably.
But the costs of this approach could be very high, it was tagged with the "socialism" label; there was no on-the-shelf plan like this; and the government does not have the legal powers it needs to put nontraditional banks through the bankruptcy process, something that Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke mentioned again and again in today's hearing. So that left the PPIP, which is much cheaper and less politically volatile and could be implemented under existing authority. But it is risky in that it relies on the creation of a set of economic incentives intended to induce the private sector to join the government in taking the assets off the banks' balance sheets.
My fear, and it's one buttressed by both Bernanke's testimony today and by what we are hearing about the stress tests, is that the political environment has put us on the path the Japanese followed in the 1990s: doing just enough to keep troubled banks alive but never decisively solving the problem. The result in the Japanese case was a sustained period of economic problems and slow growth, and we may be headed in the same direction.
If the Geithner toxic-asset-removal plan doesn't work as intended -- and there's no guarantee that private-sector participants will step forward in sufficient numbers -- or if the stress tests were not strict enough, missed essential risks, etc., and some of the banks are in much worse shape than we thought, will policymakers be willing to change course? Or will they continue to avoid the more costly but arguably more effective solution of nationalization, cite the stress tests as evidence that banks are relatively healthy and continue to string banks along through a series of capital injections in the hopes that the PPIP will eventually work?
It's been convenient for all involved to say that the legal authority for putting these banks through bankruptcy (nationalization) does not exist, so we have little choice but to stick with the PPIP and hope it eventually works, but Congress could change the law quickly to grant the necessary authority if it really wanted to. But it prefers to avoid the more costly, yet more certain, step and invest in hope instead.
Policymakers have a lot of time and effort and their own reputations wrapped up in the PPIP program, and they do not want to pursue costly solutions given the state of the federal budget. So they will not abandon the current course easily, something that today's testimony made clear.
For that reason, I hope I am wrong about the stress tests and they really do tell us about the health of banks instead of mainly providing political cover, and that the PPIP works better than we could have hoped. Because if it doesn't, we won't save a thing by following in Japan's footsteps and sticking with programs that only prolong the inevitable.
-- Mark Thoma is an economist at the University of Oregon and blogs daily at Economist's View.
SEPTEMBER 17-23, 2014: Whew! It's been a busy couple of weeks, and this release week roundup is more than a week late. But! I can't do my usual trick of combining two weeks into one roundup, because there's just too many great titles coming out here as summer turns to fall. This week: a full review of John Darnielle's affecting Wolf in White Van, along with picks from YA (Scott Westerfeld's Afterworlds) and horror (Lauren Oliver's adult debut Rooms and Grady Hendrix's bizarre and aptly-published-by-Quirk-Books Horrorstör), and Terry Pratchett's essay collection A Slip of the Keyboard. Also out this week: an omnibus edition of Ellen Kushner's Riverside novels, Robin Cook's groundbreaking medical thriller Coma, Benjamin Whitmer's Cry Father, Will Wiles' The Way Inn, a US release for Audible's original dramatic production The Child, and a pair of shorts: Roberto Trotta's The Edge of the Sky: All You Need to Know about the All-There-Is (read by Bronson Pinchot) and Robertson Dean's narration of Washington Irving's classic The Legend of Sleepy Hollow. Meanwhile in podcast land, part two of the Baen audio drama “Islands” debuted on the Baen Free Radio Hour, and! episode one of Mur Lafferty's Ghost Train to New Orleans, a free podcast of their second “Shambling Guides” novel, published by Hachette Audio in March. In “seen but not hear” a few which really catch my eye, including Jenna Black's “Game of Thrones meets House of Cards” contemporary urban fantasy The Gifted Dead and Greer Gilman's Small Beer Press-published Exit, Pursued By a Bear. Enjoy!
PICKS OF THE WEEK:
[Review of Wolf in White Van reprinted with slight adaptations from its appearance in bullspec.com.]
John Darnielle's brilliant lyricism is no secret to fans of their internationally-acclaimed band The Mountain Goats. Fewer have, however, taken the plunge (or perhaps known about) their more lengthily literary side, expressed most publicly (until now) as a novella in Continuum's 33 1/3 series, Black Sabbath: Master of Reality, a 100-page examination of the classic heavy metal album from the perspective of a 15-year-old psychiatric patient. Their first full-length novel, Wolf in White Van, was published by FSG Originals, and concerns itself with similarly heady (and dark) themes, and within days of publication the novel was named to the long-list for the National Book Awards for Fiction.
“Welcome to Trace Italian, a game of strategy and survival! You may now make your first move.Isolated by a disfiguring injury since the age of seventeen, Sean Phillips crafts imaginary worlds for strangers to play in. From their small apartment in southern California, they orchestrate fantastic adventures where possibilities, both dark and bright, open in the boundaries between the real and the imagined. As the creator of Trace Italian—a text-based, role-playing game played through the mail—Sean guides players from around the world through their intricately imagined terrain, which they navigate and explore, turn by turn, seeking sanctuary in a ravaged, savage future America. Lance and Carrie are high school students from Florida, explorers of the Trace. But when they take their play into the real world, disaster strikes, and Sean is called to account for it. In the process, they are pulled back through time, tunneling toward the moment of their own self-inflicted departure from the world in which most people live. Brilliantly constructed, Wolf in White Van unfolds in reverse until we arrive at both the beginning and the climax: the event that has shaped so much of Sean's life. Beautifully written and unexpectedly moving, John Darnielle's audacious and gripping debut novel is a marvel of storytelling brio and genuine literary delicacy.”
In some ways, Wolf in White Van acts a s kind of anti-thesis for Darnielle's recent work with The Mountain Goats. The band's 2012 album, Transcendental Youth, has its more somber edges at times but (I would argue) if not a more ecstatic through-line, an encouragement both direct and indirect to get up, go out, and do/be/create, at least some destination of if not acceptance then catharsis. In Wolf in White Van, we encounter mostly aftermaths — of a 17-year-old's reasonless actions and of a later, different pair of teenager's foolish decisions — and how these together make anything resembling meaning, or not, where even catharsis is in short supply. Of the dangers of both going out to do, in joy and curiosity, and also of staying in and delving too deeply into your own dark fantasies. In this short, emotionally packed and affecting novel, even the multiple universes which branch out from every decision are weighed against reality as something perhaps to mourn. In this spiraling, reflecting, inverted narrative, the power of Darnielle's lyricism in prose to affect you is emotionally and even physically staggering. There's not even much of a fleeting glimpse of the romanticism of melancholy: we get neither “depression” nor “psychosis” just what happened.
No book can be for everyone. Perhaps my take on it is overly grim — I do not mean here to frighten anyone away with the idea that you will be relentlessly battered with emptiness. There are moments of beauty and even wonder, here. Of living a moral, empathetic, honest life after disfigurement. Of imagination and stuggle. Of insight into what it means to be human and alive, yet also fragile, unpredictable. Of the balance of tenderness and anger of parents confronted by the unspeakable and inexplicable. Of the everyday and the rare. All this in not too much over 200 pages, a one-sitting hardcover treasure. But my reaction to it is personal, both as someone who wrote and played “roll your own” roleplaying games at middle school lunch tables, whose family history includes suicide by rifle, and who as a parent aches at the violent rages that can overtake a child's mind and body and refuse to let go. Who grew up with Conan and Krull and Fritz Leiber and late-night weird broadcasts and all the rest.
The novel's construction is a first person account, perhaps a diary or private deposition to be filed away, forever, in the dark recesses of a specifically gray metal filing cabinet, in a weird sort of chronology, spiraling in and back on itself — like the maze/labyrinth on its cover — around some key details that slowly emerge more definitively, obscured, restrained, unleashed. It's told in a detached way, but not sociopathic. It's a more clinical assessment, an historic record. Listening to the audiobook, read by Darnielle, there are few points of inflection, two of which come to mind and bookend the novel. The first is the opening, a quote from Robert E. Howard's The Thing on the Roof: “‘And the treasure?' I broke in eagerly.” conveyed with genuinely naive hope. The last is the final word, spat with an almost rising fury: “door.”
That hope is immediately mocked, and later revisited only briefly in fantasties both private — Sean's childhood imaginings of being Howard's Conan on a stone throne — and public, in the pages of their play-by-mail “choose your own adventure” style roleplaying game, Trace Italian. Or, not so much the pages themselves, but in the near-manic, excited “turns” that come in by mail.
That fury is as unexpected as it is powerful, transformative, giving one final note, one final color for the rearguard view that all novels become once we've closed the last page. Providing a missing weight that shows the lack of it all the more. Like the book itself does, to stand as testament to the other roads our lives could take. We are grateful that we live this fragile, often inexplicable life, while we can. A reset button to expectations and the technicolor possibilities of life. As Darnielle writes, as Sean: Welcome to Trace Italian, a game of strategy and survival! You may now make your first move.
You can hear an excerpt of Darnielle's narration of the audiobook, out from Macmillan Audio — unfortunately the excerpt doesn't capture the fantastic intro, outtro, interstitial, and underlying musical score which Darnielle composed and performed for the book, distorted pings that add atmosphere and empty space to create an immersive experience like few others. Get: [Downpour | Audible]
—-
Scott Westerfeld came to prominence a decade ago with their award-winning and best-selling dystopian young adult series “Uglies”, then set their sights on a middle grade alternate history of Steampunk “Clankers” and gene-splicing “Darwinists” for their “Leviathan” series, a fantastically-illustrated (and narrated, by Alan Cumming) adventure-romp through WW1-era Europe by diesel-powered mech walkers, modified whale airships, and (perhaps) even stranger methods. It's been 3 years since Goliath concluded that series, and this week Westerfeld's new young adult/new adult novel Afterworlds launched from Simon Pulse. Afterworlds are about “Darcy Patel, a young writer who bangs out a novel in their senior year of high school, has it published for a ton of money, and moves to New York City to revise it, write a sequel, and hang out with the NYC YA crowd.” And! “Interspersed with Darcy's story is the entirety of their novel, also called Afterworlds, about Lizzie Scofield, a young girl who escapes a terrorist attack by playing dead, but then discovers that they have played too well . . .” You can get a feel of what's going on here via the book trailer, or dig into some excerpts (PulseIt, B&N, and the longest at Overdrive). The audiobook is narrated by Sheetal Sheth and Heather Lind for Simon & Schuster Audio. More: an interview by Mur Lafferty. Get: [Downpour | Audible]
Rooms by Lauren Oliver (Ecco, Sep 23) is the adult debut from this best-selling YA author of the Delirium trilogy, in the vein of The Ocean at the End of the Lane, narrated by Orlagh Cassidy, Barbara Caruso,Elizabeth Evans, Noah Galvin, and Cynthia Darlow for Harper Audio: “Estranged patriarch Richard Walker has died, leaving behind a country house full of rooms packed with the detritus of a lifetime. Their alienated family – bitter ex-wife Caroline, troubled teenage son Trenton, and unforgiving daughter Minna – have arrived for their inheritance. But the Walkers are not alone. Alice and Sandra, two long-dead and restless ghosts, linger within the house's claustrophobic walls, bound eternally to its physical structure. Jostling for space and memory, they observe the family, trading barbs and reminiscences about their past lives. Though their voices cannot be heard, Alice and Sandra speak through the house itself – in the hiss of the radiator, a creak in the stairs, the dimming of a light bulb. The living and dead are haunted by painful truths that surface with explosive force. When a new ghost appears, and Trenton begins to communicate with her, the spirit and human worlds collide – with cataclysmic results. Elegantly constructed and brilliantly paced, Rooms is an enticing and imaginative ghost story and a searing family drama that is as haunting as it is resonant.” Get: [Downpour | Audible]
Horrorstör by Grady Hendrix, narrated by Tai Sammons and Bronson Pinchot for Blackstone Audio (Quirk Books, Sep 23) — “Something strange is happening at the Orsk furniture superstore in Cleveland. Every morning, employees arrive to find broken Kjerring wardrobes, shattered Brooka glassware, and vandalized Liripip sofa beds – clearly someone, or something, is up to no good. To unravel the mystery, five young employees volunteer for a long dusk-till-dawn shift and encounter horrors that defy imagination. Along the way, author Grady Hendrix infuses sly social commentary on the nature of work in the new twenty-first-century economy. A traditional haunted house story in a contemporary setting, and full of current fears, Horrorstör delivers a high-concept premise in a unique style.” Get: [Downpour | Audible]
A Slip of the Keyboard: Collected Nonfiction by Terry Pratchett, with a foreword by Neil Gaiman, narrated by Michael Fenton-Stevens for Random House Audio is “A collection of essays and other nonfiction from Terry Pratchett, spanning the whole of their writing career from their early years to the present day. Terry Pratchett has earned a place in the hearts of listeners the world over with their best-selling Discworld series – but in recent years they have become equally well-known and respected as an outspoken campaigner for causes including Alzheimer's research and animal rights. A Slip of the Keyboardbrings together for the first time the finest examples of Pratchett's nonfiction writing, both serious and surreal: from musings on mushrooms to what it means to be a writer (and why banana daiquiris are so important); from memories of Granny Pratchett to speculation about Gandalf's love life, and passionate defences of the causes dear to him. With all the humour and humanity that have made their novels so enduringly popular, this collection brings Pratchett out from behind the scenes of the Discworld to speak for themselves – man and boy, bibliophile and computer geek, champion of hats, orangutans and Dignity in Dying. Snuff was the best-selling adult hardcover novel of 2011. A Blink of the Screen, Terry's short fiction collection, was also one of the best-selling hardcovers of 2012.” Gaiman's essay on Pratchett's anger was shared widely last week, and is part of their introduction to the book. Fenton-Stevens has narrated the Long Earth series, The Science of Discworld, and The Folklore of Discworld, so it's quite comfortable to hear them as the voice of Pratchett's non-fiction. Get: [Downpour | Audible]
ALSO OUT THIS WEEK:
SEEN BUT NOT HEARD:
COMING SOON:
OCTOBER 2014:
NOVEMBER and DECEMBER 2014:
UNDATED or 2015:
A Nova Scotia-based replica pirate ship, Liana's Ransom, is awaiting repairs in Clark's Harbour after losing its mast off the coast of the province.
The schooner left Eastern Passage en route to St. Kitts on Dec. 13.
Two days later, in a public post on the schooner's Facebook page, Joseph Tilley wrote the schooner was dismasted 25 nautical miles southwest of Cape Sable Island.
Photos on the schooner's Facebook page show damage, including a "crushed temporary wheelhouse, steering and railing," Tilley wrote.
Ryan Tilley, Joseph Tilley's son, told CBC News in a phone interview from Halifax that the schooner ran into trouble the second night of its journey south.
"It was pretty rough," said Ryan Tilley. "Three-thirty rolls around and we just hear a huge bang."
That noise was the mainmast falling on the wheelhouse, where Ryan Tilley's 69-year-old grandfather was.
In a public post on the schooner's Facebook page Dec. 15, Joseph Tilley wrote the schooner was dismasted 25 nautical miles southwest of Cape Sable Island. (Facebook)
"He was very, very lucky because they didn't have a scratch on him," said Tilley. "He was in the wheelhouse when it … collapsed and it got cut in two by the mast coming down."
Their grandfather, no stranger to sailing, wasn't too shaken.
"He's pretty tough, it takes a lot to faze him," said Tilley.
The family and owners of the pirate-themed ship are discussing repairs and estimate it will take about two weeks for Liana's Ransom to be back at sea.
The 26-metre schooner was towed to Clark's Harbour. Tilley recognized the "fine work" of the ship's crew and the Canadian Coast Guard in their Facebook post.
CBC News has reached out to the charter company and is waiting for a reply.
The Tilleys have owned Liana's Ransom since 2006, running trips from Halifax, the Great Lakes and the Caribbean. The family members alternate as crew, with Joseph Tilley as the ship's captain.
The gaff rigged, square topsail schooner is "crewed by a colourful pirate crew in period costumes complete with cutlasses and flintlock pistols," according to its Facebook page.
"The schooner is armed with replica black powder cannons that will fire billowing broadsides for the enjoyment of the passengers."
The Nova Scotian tall ship holds up to 70 passengers and three to five crew, offering chartered and daily sails.
Action against defaulters: people ‘beat' Pesco staff
Action against defaulters: people ‘beat' Pesco staff
KARAK: Villagers of Talabkhel reportedly beat the officials of the Peshawar Electric Supply Company (Pesco) who were disconnecting illegal power connections, police and eyewitnesses said on Wednesday.
The eyewitnesses said the officials of Karak, Latamber and Takht Nusrati subdivisions suspended power supply to Teran Koi Manzai and Talabkhel villages due to non-payment of monthly bills. They said the police officers were accompanying the Pesco officials when the incident took place. The angry villagers roughed them up and damaged their vehicles for cutting off power supply.
Sources said there were around 60 Pesco officials whom the villagers forbade from disconnecting power supply. The officials including SDO Karak subdivision Hashmat Nawaz Leghari, superintendents Tariq, Ijaz and Mir Laiq and linemen Mohib, Farman and Anwar Hanan were attacked with clubs.
The villagers deflated tyres of three vehicles of the officials and damaged them. Power supply was restored to the village after the intervention of the district administration. The Pesco officials said that DSP Headquarters Bakhtiar Khan, SHO Sabirabad and a large number of cops were present on the occasion but they did not intervene to save them from thrashing.
The locals claimed the Pesco officials were not taking meter reading and ‘inflated' bills were being sent to them. The villagers said they had resorted to illegal use of electricity under compulsion.
On the other hand, the Pesco officials took the plea that the villagers had not been paying monthly bills since long. Lodging first information report at the Sabirabad Police Station, SDO Hashmat Nawaz Leghari nominated Mohammad Ibrahim, Sorat Badshah, Essa Khan and Irshad Hussain in the FIR for provoking the villagers to thrash the officials. Meanwhile, the District Police Officer Sajid Ahmad has given 24 hours to the village elders to reconcile with the Pesco officials or else they would be arrested.
The horror crash in Two Rocks on the Labor Day long weekend claimed three lives. Credit:Nine News Perth Those 12 deaths should already be uppermost in drivers' minds. But they won't be. They never are, unless you are directly affected as an injured victim, a family member or a friend. A few weeks on, most West Australians would be hard-pressed to even name one of the people who died. WA's Wheatbelt has become known as a notorious fatal hot spot synonymous with poor driver behaviours, attitudes and actions. It has become a veritable graveyard of people whose lives were cut short.
The scene of a fatal crash in Jennapullin on the Labor Day long weekend, which claimed a Mosman Park man's life. Credit:WA Police. A recent review of the region's blackspots found speeding, drink-driving and other dangerous driving behaviours contributed to the region's high road toll. Between 2008 and 2013 nearly 200 people were killed or seriously injured in crashes in the Wheatbelt sections of major roads such as Toodyay Road, and the Great Eastern and Great Southern Highways between Chidlow and York. The roads are essentially the same as they were a couple of decades ago. Interstate people are often shocked just how close trees are to the side of the highway and roads, there is little room for error. But, while you cannot sit there and wait for a road design to magically change overnight, you can grab the bull by the horns and look at your own shortcomings and attitude.
After twenty years of covering police stories and campaigns across the nation, I can sadly predict that it will be more of the same carnage caused be irresponsible driving. And so, what will this Easter bring? The same message will be hammered home by police not to drink and drive, speed, wear seat belts – all the usual warnings we have heard again and again for the last three decades. After twenty years of covering police stories and campaigns across the nation, I can sadly predict that it will be more of the same carnage caused be irresponsible driving. Then there will be calls for a stronger police presence. There will be calls for publicans to take some responsibility when patrons drive drunk, it will be conveniently forgotten that many patrons sometimes pre-load on alcohol or drugs before even getting to a venue. Everyone will be calling for someone to do something, instead of accepting the bottom line that there will always be a cohort of people who think our road laws do not apply to them.
We are all living in the selfish generation. No one has time for anything except themselves. Take a look at the person in the car next to you next time you are at a set of lights or crawling along in peak hour. They will have a head down, no doubt reassessing their profile picture and social media status. A momentary toot of your horn to edge them along and you will cop a finger or two, guaranteed. Hopefully, you won't end up the victim of a road rage attack if you have caused them to lose a tweet, a post, a selfie or a status update by your toot. So, what chance do you and I stand when it comes to driving on our roads?
Very little. Driving in WA is like living on a prayer. That saying could never be more appropriate than now. That prayer is that the person driving in the opposite direction is not talking on their mobile, not texting, not on drugs, not affected by alcohol, not driving whilst tired, not impatient, not inattentive and so the list goes on. Then there is always an academic who surfaces after a spate of deaths on our roads wanting the speed limit lowered. It does not matter whether the speed limit is 60km/h or 110km/h, lowering a speed limit in Western Australia will have little impact on the number of people who die on our roads.
There is so much arrogance and ignorance out there nowadays that no one wants to take responsibility for their own actions, no one thinks they should take responsibility for their own actions and everyone thinks they are right. We have seen recent high-profile cases of people texting whilst driving and causing the death of cyclists. We wear our inability to merge in Perth as a badge of honour. But not possessing this basic driving skill, or even negotiating a roundabout, really isn't a laughing matter. The mere fact that we recently had to have yellow box junction trials at major Perth intersections to stop vehicles stopping or queuing across an intersection is embarrassing. Why in 2016 do we need to show motorists how to negotiate the key intersections across the suburbs?
Sure the boxes will help, but really, if a driver cannot work out the length and width of their car and how to negotiate an intersection, then perhaps they should not be behind the wheel in the first place. In WA, we often hear we are living in 'the nanny state'. We constantly resist being told the right way to do something. People always want to be the exception to the rule. Yet the minute it all goes belly up we are wringing our hands yearning to be put back in the pram and nannied again. We can't have it both ways! Isn't it ironic that today we have safer cars and better roads than at any time since the motor vehicle was invented, yet we also have the worst attitudes? People can argue for a lower speed limit, people can argue for point-to-point cameras, people can argue for or against double demerit points during holiday times but no one can argue that nine times out of ten, it comes down to driver error. Poor driving skills, inattention, over-confidence, alcohol and drug driving remains the main cause of accidents.
Let us not forget speeding, dangerous overtaking, dangerous tailgating, not wearing seatbelts and the list goes on. Driver education, knowing your own ability, actually knowing your vehicle and driving to the prevailing conditions will do more to reduce the road toll. Managing Director of Drive Safe Australia (WA) John Van Leeuwen agrees that nine times out of ten it is driver error, not road design. "An added challenge is getting through to young people who do our advanced driver training courses that if you suffer road trauma, unlike a video game, you cannot just press a button, reset and start again," they said. Twenty years ago there were no mobile phones, texting whilst driving did not exist, drivers did not wear earbud headphones or indeed any headphones.
True, radios were sometimes up too loud but now emergency service vehicle sirens (which seem to have got quieter compared to years gone by) are competing with the loud radios, the headphones and the hands-free phone talkers all multi-tasking instead of JUST driving. And here is something worth considering - today manual cars are almost as rare as hens' teeth. The rise of the automatic transmission now leaves one hand free to type and text or hold the coffee because it is too much effort to use the holder and another thing to have to think about. The brain is not as alert as it used to be because it does not need to be. The left hand no longer needs to be ready to change gear at a moment's notice. Take a look around next time you are on the road and you will notice that very few people drive with both hands on the steering wheel anymore. Quaint notions like leaving a car length between cars or even straightening up a car in a shopping centre car park are throwbacks to an ancient era. Today it is a case of near enough is evidently good enough.
Leaving a car length between cars is a quaint old thing belonging to an ancient era. Along with more 'traditional' dashboards and rear vision ornaments like nodding dolls, daisies and fluffy dice we now have the prevalence of a new set of distractions for drivers. Mounted dashboard cams, GPS Satellite Navigational systems are also adding to the distractions within the car for the driver. God forbid, your world might fall apart if the phone is not plugged in showing 100% battery power all the time! No one seems to be able to function without a complex collection of gadgets on their dash. There are too many distractions going on in people's heads and lives that solely just concentrating on driving is a rarity. I have lived and worked in the Central Wheatbelt and have seen how easily locals were lulled into a false sense of security of 'popping down the road' be it 50kilomentres or 500 metres without wearing a seatbelt.
There are few roundabouts, few traffic lights and certainly no congestion which lulls drivers into a false sense of security. WA has had amazing population growth but so many drivers from interstate and overseas are bringing their own set of rules and interpretations with them, and many refuse to change or adapt to our conditions. Driving in the Wheatbelt is definitely not the same as the idea of driving through the English or Irish countryside. With so many people on our roads again over the Easter break it is time for each and every one of us to look at ourselves and ask how we can make a difference. As this goes to print, WA's road toll stands at 46. Alarmingly, 36 of those deaths have been on country roads.
There will undoubtedly be more. Let's hope you and I do not become a statistic and do not cause one either. Karalee Katsambanis is a mother-of-three and a journalist for more than 20 years. Listen to them on 6PR's PerthTonight with Chris Ilsley between 9pm-10pm on Mondays.
Publisher: DAW Books
First DAW Edition, 1975
Cover Art: Kelly Freas
Plot Synopsis (of cover): In the early part of the twenty-first century, the God of the Covenant broke two millennia of silence to Their mortal children. In their adolescence, they were not prepared to gaze upon Their holy visage, but the Lord knew that they had grown, and They rightly trusted in their capacity to be shown upon by Their countenance. The Lord gathered unto Him the world's greatest minds to communicate with the inventors, thinkers, and creatives who had best stoked the spark of free will within themselves. Though many were skeptics, the nature of the Lord was such that, upon witnessing Him, they were divested of all doubt. “My children,” God boomed in a language understood by all gathered, “you please me in your brilliance. My greatest task was to create you in my image, and I have watched on high to see you grow into architects in your own right.” One scientist spoke up to say, “Gee, thanks, God! We try real hard.” God continued, “There are many wonders that I have made, many mysteries great and small, and you have embraced an attitude of discovery that lightens my heart.” The scientist replied, “Well, that's pretty high praise coming from you, G.” God's right eye twitched ineffably. “Right. Well, if there's one thing I've done that was meant to inspire you people, it was making the cosmos. It's huge, and strange, and it's got massive explosions, but I noticed you guys have stopped federal funding to your space program.” The scientist replied, “G-man, come on. Space is dead. The money's in boner pills and cholesterol meds. My own research involves creating a low-calorie, gluten-free bread that keeps you rock hard for a week.” God sighed. “Look, I really wish you folks would pay less attention to your genitals and more attention to innovation. Any way you can get some of that boner pill funding back into NASA?” The scientist scratched their stubble. “Jeez, God, I don't know. Can you meet us halfway?”
Relatively Irrelevant Inside Text: So, first of all, I'm pretty sure the girl on the cover is meant to represent the protagonist's sister, and given said protagonist's preferences, he'd approve of the artwork. Enough said about that, because this is actually a pretty boffo read (anyway, there's a sort of casual attitude regarding incest in the literature of the time, and the initiated should be well used to it by now). I like how quickly power seems to corrupt the hero, and how quickly said trope is dismissed as commonplace—everyone expects you to become a dick when you're endowed with godlike powers, so why not just skip all the emotional rigmarole and go straight to killing people with your mind? I can't think of a reason, either. An interesting sort of theme permeates the work, as the supposition that one can transcend one's caste is presented consistently throughout. If one keeps that in mind, and examines the moral at the end, one finds a sentiment rather antithetical to that commonly conferred by the American Dream. Given that this is the disillusioned 1970s, this is a spoiler only to the innocents among you. To you, I recommend this family-friendly tome.
Rating: 9.0 Amish Spacecraft
Questions for Critical Cover-Viewing:
Is this what you get when you call a 1-900 number from SETI?
Given the relative size of that spaceship, how many civilizations exhausted their natural resources in the production of that much leave-in conditioner?
Given that the theoretical Torricelli's Trumpet cannot be mathematically reversed, how does one go about engineering a Diva Cup of sufficient volume?
Click to find us on Facebook and Twitter, and Tumblr. We are also all over /r/badscificovers.
Advertisements
PLAYING THE GAME
written by NIKOLA JAJIC
art by BRIAN LEVEL
colored by FELIPE GAONA
lettered by PETER SEMETI
PAGE 1
PAGE 2
PAGE 3
Page 4
PAGE 5
Page 6
Page 7
Page 8
Page 9
Page 10
The eternal question: What comes next?
Well, before we get to our answer as it relates to SlangShake and our upcoming books, we would first like to thank you for taking the time to read our short webcomic. It really means a lot. Projects like this are only worth doing if there's a reader. Someone to take the journey with.
Please let us know what you thought of PTG. If you enjoyed it and are looking forward to more, not to worry. We're hard at work on a couple of bigger projects that we're very excited about. On behalf of Brian and I, thanks once again for following us down this strange little path. Let's not stop just yet, let's keep going. I think there are some interesting stories a little further down the way.
Stay tuned, fellow travellers. There's more to come. 🙂
-Nik
Advertisements
F-14 Tomcat Combat
From its initial combat air patrol mission during the 1975 U.S. Embassy evacuation in Vietnam, to its 2006 mission of supporting Operation Iraqi Freedom and Maritime Security Operations in the Arabian Gulf, the F-14 Tomcat played a vital role with the Navy for more than 32 years. Over this period the F-14's combat record was surprisingly modest, scoring only five air-to-air kills, including one helicopter.
The Tomcat entered operational service with Navy fighter squadrons VF-1 Wolfpack and VF-2 Bounty Hunters onboard USS Enterprise (CVN 65) in September 1974. The F-14's purpose was to serve as a fighter interceptor and it eventually replaced the F-4 Phantom II Fighter which was phased out in 1986.
The first real combat test for the F-14 was in August 1981. While flying combat air patrol outside of Libya, two F-14As of VF-41 were approached by two Libyan Sukhoi SU-22. The lead Sukhoi pilot fired an air-to-air missile at the F-14s; the F-14 pilots engaged and destroyed both SUs.
In 1983, two F-14s once again intercepted to Libyan fighter over the Gulf of Sidra, but no shots were exchanged.
In 1985, F-14s were called upon in response to the hijacking of the Achille Lauro, an Italian cruise liner. Arab terrorists had found and struck an Italian luxury liner, Achille Lauro. The ship had just departed Alexandria, Egypt, on a pleasure cruise of the Mediterranean. A few hours later, terrorists from the Palestinian Liberation Front hijacked the ship. After tense negotiations and the killing of an American tourist, the hijackers traveled in a battered tugboat to the city of Port Said, Egypt, after Achille Lauro anchored just off the coast. Egyptian authorities made hasty arrangements for the terrorists to depart the country. They boarded an Egypt Air 737 jumbojet at the Al Maza Air Base, northeast of Cairo.
On orders from President Ronald Reagan, on 10 October 1985 seven F-14 Tomcats from the VF-74 "Bedevilers" and VF-103 "Sluggers" were launched from Saratoga. Supporting the Tomcats continuously were VA-85 KA-6D air tankers and VAW-125 E-2C Hawkeye aircraft. Off the coast of Crete, the F-14s, without the use of running lights, eased up beside and behind the airliner. On command, the Tomcats turned on their lights and dipped their wings - an international signal for a forced landing. The E-2C Hawkeye radioed the airliner to follow the F-14s. Realizing they were in a "no-win" situation, the hijackers allowed the pilot to follow the Tomcats to Naval Air Station, Sigonella, Italy. One hour and 15 minutes later, the jumbo jet landed and the hijackers were taken into custody. Seven hours after the fighter jets were scrambled, all Saratoga aircraft returned home without a shot fired.
On 23 March 1986, while operating off coast of Libya, aircraft from the Saratoga, USS Coral Sea (CV 43) and USS America (CV 66) crossed what Libyan strongman Mohammar Khadafi had called the "Line of Death." The very next day at noon, three U.S. Navy warships crossed the same 32° 30' navigational line. Two hours later, Libyan forces fired SA-5 surface-to-air missiles from the coastal town of Surt. The missiles missed their F-14 Tomcat targets and fell harmlessly into the water. Later that afternoon, U.S. aircraft turned back two Libyan MiG-25 fighter planes over the disputed Gulf of Sidra. Soon after, aircraft from the three super carriers fought back in defense.
On the late evening of 15 April and early morning of 16 April 1986, under the code name El Dorado Canyon, the United States launched a series of military air strikes against ground targets inside Libya. The timing of the attack was such that while some of the strike aircraft were still in the air, President Reagan was able to address the US public and much of the world. They emphasized that this action was a matter of US self defense against Libya's state-sponsored terrorism. In part, they stated, "Self defense is not only our right, it is our duty. It is the purpose behind the mission...a mission fully consistent with Article 51 of the U.N. Charter." The size of the strike force's final configuration was immense and complex. Approximately 100 aircraft were launched in direct support of the raid. Several F-14 Tomcats which took up the long range Combat Air Patrol (CAP) responsibilities.
In April 1988, Enterprise was on its 13th deployment, assigned to escort reflagged Kuwaiti oil tankers in the Arabian Gulf while stationed in the North Arabian Sea. On 18 April, the United States retaliated against Iran following the 1 April incident in which USS Samuel B. Roberts (FFG 58) struck an Iranian mine in international waters. The retaliation involved both surface and air units. Carrier Air Wing 11 squadrons from Enterprise were the major aviation participants. VAW-I 17s "Nighthawks" provided airborne early warning tracking and analysis of targets as as air intercept control. The initial American strikes centered around a surface group action against two Iranian oil platforms that had been identified as support bases for Iranian attacks on merchant shipping. Elements of CVW-11 provided air support for the surface groups in the form of surface combat air patrols, flying A-6E Intruders and A-7E Corsair IIs, and combat air patrols with F-14 Tomcats./p>
The Tomcat was once again challenged by Libya in 1989, when two Libyan MiG-23 Floggers engaged two VF-32 F-14As from USS John F. Kennedy (CV 67) that were flying Combat Air Patrol missions close to the Libyan coast. The MiG-23s were determined hostile and the eight-minute engagement resulted in the downing of both Floggers.
During its first 17 years of operational service in the Navy, the Tomcat played a vital role as an interceptor with its air-to-air capabilities. However, during the 1991 Persian Gulf War, where there was more need for air-to-ground abilities, the need for the Tomcat's air to air capabilities diminished. Because the US-led coalition was able to sweep and clean the skies of Iraqi aircraft, many F-14s were without a major role for most of the conflict.
Navy and Marine Corps aviation made a significant contribution to the successful outcome of Operation Desert Storm. These two services provided nearly 700 of the 2,700 total aircraft that comprised the Coalition air force. Their crews flew over 29,000 missions, operating day and night from aircraft carriers and amphibious ships in the Red Sea and the Arabian Gulf and from land bases in Bahrain and Saudi Arabia.
A total of 4,124 sorties were flown by the 99 F-14 Tomcats deployed to the Gulf. In Desert Storm, F-14s provided escort protection for attack aircraft, long-range air defense of ships and combat air patrol missions. Some F-14s also flew daylight photo intelligence missions using the Tactical Air Reconnaissance Pod System.
In some instances, aircraft were delivered to the fleet without certain capabilities because the technology was not sufficiently advanced or, due to concurrency in the development and production of the aircraft, ancillary system development efforts were not completed in time to deliver the systems concurrent with fielding the aircraft. Fleet deliveries of Navy F-14D fighters began in March 1990, but the fighters did not have a defensive system to jam signals from radar-guided missiles homing in on the aircraft. The ALQ-165 Airborne Self-Protection Jammer (ASPJ), which was planned to provide this capability, has been terminated. The Navy is currently determining what system will replace ASPJ.
Navy fighter aircraft flew hundreds of miles inland from their ships, escorting and protecting attack aircraft from enemy aircraft threats in airspace crowded with many types of friendly and hostile aircraft. In the Aircraft Beyond Visual crowded Desert Storm airspace, strict rules of engagement required Range verifying the identity of aircraft beyond visual range to reduce the danger of shooting down friendly aircraft. Consequently, before firing a missile at a suspected enemy aircraft beyond visual range, pilots had to electronically query an unknown aircraft to determine whether it was emitting the proper friendly aircraft identification signal and, if not, whether it could be identified as a hostile aircraft.
However, neither the F-14 nor F/A-18 had the electronic systems needed to completely and independently verify the identity of other aircraft as required by the rules. As a result, Navy and Marine Corps pilots had to coordinate with Navy or Air Force command and control aircraft to verify the identity of the unknowns aircraft. Only the Air Force F-15 had the capability to independently identify unknown aircraft, and it was credited with shooting down 33 of 38 Iraqi aircraft during Desert Storm. It is not clear, however, how many of the 33 F-15 "kills" were made beyond visual range using this capability.
Navy F/A-& shot down two Iraqi aircraft while an F-14 shot down one aircraft. On 06 February an F-14A from VF-1, off Ranger, piloted by Lieutenant Stuart Broce, with Commander Ron McElraft as Radar Intercept Officer, downed a MI-8 Hip helicopter with an AIM-9M Sidewinder missile. Navy officials believed pilots lost several chances to shoot down Iraqi aircraft because they lacked the independent verification capability. Moreover, they said that not having beyond visual range capability could place them within the lethal range of an enemy aircraft's missiles before positive identification was made.
On 21 January 1991, an F-14 Tomcat of VF-103 aboard Saratoga, was shot down by a surface-to-air missile. Pilot Lt. Devon Jones and Radar Intercept Officer Lt. Lawrence Slade were reported missing. Lt. Jones was recovered the following day. Lt. Slade was captured as a prisoner of war, and held as prisoner of war until released on March 4th.
Despite its many upgrades over the years, from the F14A, to the F-14B, and finally the F-14D with its powerful F110-GE-400 engines and more sophisticated weaponry and surveillance equipment, it appeared the Tomcat's days were almost over. However, this state of uncertainty wouldn't last for long. Shortly following the Persian Gulf War, Navy leaders decided to devise removable bomb racks for the Tomcat's to allow them to carry MK-80 "dumb" bombs. The Tomcat's were also given the Low-Altitude Navigation and Targeting Infrared for Night (LANTIRN) targeting system to allow for delivery of laser-guided bombs. With its new upgrades the Tomcat's were soon dubbed as the "Bombcats."
During the proceeding years the F-14s took on a new, more effective role as a fighter-bomber. In Operation Deliberate Force in Bosnia, the Tomcats delivered laser-guided bombs while other aircraft painted the targets with lasers. The Navy was credited with 30 percent of the kills against forces in Kosovo as a result of the bombing performance of the Tomcat. The F-14 also demonstrated its ground attack capabilities in Afghanistan and Operation Iraqi Freedom. In 2002, VF-14 led the first long-range tactical air strike, flying more than 1,700 miles round trip to Mazar-e Sharif, destroying Taliban aircraft on the ground. During Operation Iraqi Freedom the Tomcats are living up to their 'Bombcat' nickname with their air-to-ground missions which continue to save the lives of coalition ground forces each day.
Newsletter Join the GlobalSecurity.org mailing list Enter Your Email Address
TOKYO, Sept 21 (Reuters) - The Bank of Japan on Wednesday decided to adopt a target for long-term interest rates in an overhaul of its massive stimulus programme.
The BOJ maintained the 0.1 percent negative interest rate it applies to some of the excess reserves that financial institutions park with the central bank.
But it abandoned its base money target and instead set a “yield curve control” under which it will buy long-term government bonds to keep 10-year bond yields around current levels of zero percent.
The BOJ said it would continue to buy long-term government bonds at a pace so that the balance of its holdings increases by 80 trillion yen ($781 billion) per year. ($1 = 102.4100 yen) (Reporting by Leika Kihara, Stanley White, Tetsushi Kajimoto and Minami Funakoshi; Editing by Chris Gallagher and Chang-Ran Kim)
Thursday, July 18, 2013 at 02:19PM
Amidst a rather hectic cross-country move, I had the opportunity to play a prototype copy of Watchtower Games' current Kickstarter project Fallen. Since the copy I have is a prototype, I do not have the full compliment of components and stories that will come with the full game, but I would like to give my impression of the game in it's current state, so you can better determine if it is worth Kickstarting. I am not going to delve into a rules description in this preview, as I think the Kickstarter page itself does a great job in describing gameplay, but there are a few things that are worth exploring in a bit more detail.
As a card-based 2 player dungeon crawls, Fallen pits one player as an intrepid hero and treasure seeker, against a dark and evil dungeon lord. The hero navigates a series of events during their quest, which are defined by a set of randomized story cards introduced during play. In order to complete these events, both the Hero and the Dungeon lord battle each other through the use of dice and cards that represent special abilities and equipment collected during the adventure. The game concludes with an epic showdown between good and evil, wrapping up each story with a satisfying conclusion.
I was initially very interested to see how well this card based dungeon crawl would be able to harness the feel of a dungeon crawl without a plastic miniature or board to be found in the box. Surprisingly, Fallen pulls it off well. Where many modern dungeon crawls focus on the tactical maneuvering of an adventuring party, Fallen strikes an almost nostalgic chord, emulating more the roleplaying games of the late 80s and early 90s in which the story unfolded entirely in the heads and actions of the players.
Fallen's art is also worth a mention up front. While many Kickstarter projects have art and graphic design that seem mediocre at best, the art in this project is top notch, extending to the graphic design of the components and manual, which are all very clear and readable. Even though my prototype copy does not contain all the final art and components, the quality of those that are in the box leave me no doubt that the final product will be high quality. (Fallen has one of the most polished Kickstarter videos I have seen for a game, which is hopefully an additional indicator of Watchtower's attention to detail.)
I have always enjoyed story based games where the game delivers an explicit narrative. Games such as Tales of the Arabian Nights and Betrayal at House on the Hill really get my imagination flowing, and help immerse me in the game. Fallen takes a similar approach to its gameplay, feeling almost like a hybrid of the above games. A set of story cards drive the action, describing the environment, and giving the player a set of choices they can make. Based on the player's choice, the story unfolds, requiring players to make skill checks with dice and battle for the result of the event. After the event completes, given the outcome, the story moves to the next plot point as read from the story cards.
The use of story cards solves one of the biggest issues with Arabian Nights; There is no huge book to tote around, and flip through to find the correct passage to read. Everything is there on the card. These cards contain a good amount of text as well. Unlike the tiny story cards in Mansions of Madness, the large story cards in Fallen allow for a satisfying amount of prose.
The use of story cards could also be one of the game's negatives as well. After enough plays, a player may become familiar with the story cards, and know what happens when certain paths are taken. This doesn't break the game, as the battle between the dungeon lord and the player still make the outcome unknown, but it removes the uncertainty of exploration that is the bread and butter of a story game. The game ships with 45 story cards (3 of which are randomly selected per game), so there is a good amount of replayability here. At higher Kickstarter pledge levels, "adventure packs" are added which each contain 12 new story cards. While the base game is still fun, even after exhausting the story cards, I see adventure packs as a real draw to keep the game feeling fresh.
Fallen works only as a 2 player game in it's current incarnation. There is a stretch goal to unlock a multiplayer mode, but at the time of this writing it is uncertain whether it will be unlocked. Fallen is fun as a 2 player game, but has the potential to be even better with a party of adventurers playing. I wish that a higher player count was something that was included from the start.
Fallen has already met its kickstarter goal so will be printed, though there are still some stretch goals yet to be unlocked. In it's basic form, though, it gets my seal of approval for a fun, interactive 2 player game. With it's polished art, well thought out gameplay, and immersive story based play, Fallen is definitely worth checking out. (http://kck.st/10FXN09)
During a debate on health care on Tuesday night with Bernie Sanders, Ted Cruz claimed that Canadians are fleeing across the border to take advantage of the health care system in the United States. Whilst Cruz's claims may have bolstered their argument that the country's health care system is already adequate, they're simply not true. Whilst some Canadians do cross the border for treatment in the United States, Cruz's claims that they're fleeing en masse are a blatant lie from the one-time presidential candidate.
According to CNN, Hillary Clinton's Democratic primary opponent Senator Bernie Sanders was the first to claim that the Canadian health care system is drastically better than the United States, saying “If you were in Canada, you know what? You would get the health care that you need. The idea that we have policies like that, like the one you describe, is clearly an outrage.”
Cruz replied by claiming that they know a lot about the Canadian health care system because they were born in Canada. They also once again floated the idea that large numbers of Canadian people are fleeing their country in order to seek medical treatment in the United States. However, the best-available research shows this is simply not true. In fact, very few Canadians have actually been forced to travel to the United States for health care and even fewer have chosen to do so.
CNN's Reality Check Team vets the claims from Ted Cruz and Bernie Sanders' Obamacare #CNNDebateNight https://t.co/yn98PIJhq4 pic.twitter.com/zOT49aK97b — CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) February 8, 2017
According to Vox, the most comprehensive research into Canadian usage of the American health care system was conducted in 2002. The study, titled “Phantoms in the Snow,” surveyed US border facilities and America's top-rated hospitals about how often they see Canadians seeking health care. Most providers reported that this happened very rarely.
The survey also asked over 18,000 Canadians if they had ever sought medical treatment in the United States, with the results showing only 90 participants had done so and only 20 of those participants had chosen to do so. With that in mind, it's difficult to deny that some Canadians are traveling to the United States for treatment, it's just not in the numbers Ted Cruz claims.
RELATED STORIES ON INQUISITR:
Trump Approval Rating Polls: Numbers Today Paint Poor Picture Of Unpopular POTUS
Betsy DeVos, Education Secretary Confirmed Thanks To Mike Pence
Gov. Eric Greitens Signs Law Making Missouri A Right-To-Work State
The Health Affairs researchers that conducted the asupervisorstioned study ultimately concluded the idea that Canadian's are fleeing en masse to use the American health care system is a “persistent myth.” In fact, the researchers claimed that even if Canadians wanted to travel to the U.S. for treatment, many simply could not afford it, saying “Prices for U.S. health care services are extraordinarily high, compared with those in all other countries, and this financial barrier is magnified by the extraordinary strength of the U.S. dollar.”
In a real world example, a hip replacement would cost nearly $100,000 in the United States, and that's not including travel and accommodation expenses. In comparison, a Canadian citizen wouldn't have to wait for all that much longer to have the procedure completed for free at home – which is why many Canadians wouldn't even consider traveling to the U.S. for treatment.
America's health care prices are out of control. These 11 charts prove it. https://t.co/UyNb3V0lYT pic.twitter.com/M87SG4gGAF — Vox (@voxdotcom) February 8, 2017
In all, Ted Cruz can't know all that much about Canada if they really believes Canadian people are traveling in droves to the United States for health care. Whilst research around Canadian use of the American health care system is still a little thin on the ground, the facts clearly prove that barely any Canadians travel to the U.S. for treatment in any given year.
[Featured Image by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images]
Competing as Team Peugeot Hansen in a partnership with Kenneth Hansen's team, Peugeot has been involved in World RX since the series gained World Championship status in 2014, and won the Teams' Championship title in 2015 with the 208 WRX.
Following uncertainty about its future in the series, in a statement released on Wednesday, Peugeot sited that World RX's 'global ambitions' tie in with its business growth plan outside Europe, and that it is ready to support the implementation of an electric category into the series.
'The brand is ready to support the evolutions in E-WRX as part of its technological plan, which aims to offer 80% of the models in electrified version by 2023,' it said.
"The brand wants to be involved in a new challenge with the idea of accompanying its own energy transition but also to create a strong and unique link with new customers and the new generation. The E-WRX is the perfect fit for this strategy," said Peugeot brand Chief Executive, Jean-Philippe Imparato.
"Our ambassador Sebastien Loeb will support us in this daring new adventure. The goal of the 2018 season will be to win the title. To this end, we are strengthening the developments initiated by Peugeot Sport and studying the sports management system implemented by the Hansen family since 2014."
No indication has been given as to whether the relationship with Hansen Motorsport will continue, or who aside from Loeb will drive for the team in 2018.
This season, Loeb has been partnered by Swedish driver Timmy Hansen, who has driven for the Peugeot-Hansen squad since its inception.
It has also run a third 208 WRX for 2016 European Champion Kevin Hansen, who has raced a year-old specification car.
"It's a great opportunity to launch myself into a new "electrifying" experience and to be even closer to my fans with the WRX," said Loeb. "I look forward to discovering this new sporting frontier."
The former flatmate of Amanda Knox yesterday told a court trying the American student for murder that they were bewildered by the woman's behaviour on the morning that the crime was discovered.
Blonde, bespectacled Filomena Romanelli also posed a string of problems for the defence. They said that when they returned to the house they shared on 2 November 2007 the washing machine was warm. They later identified most of the clothes inside as those of the victim, Meredith Kercher, a student at Leeds University.
Romanelli also raised an important question mark over a defence claim - that there was a break-in on the night of the killing. And they contradicted Knox on whether Kercher was in the habit of locking themselves in their room.
The legal assistant, who spent the night of 1-2 November with their boyfriend, said they and a friend had decided to go to a market in the morning. They were about to arrive there when they received a call from Knox. "There's something strange at the house," they quoted the young American as saying. "I go, 'Ciao, Amanda. What's happened? In what sense?' [She said,] 'I arrived and the door was open.' "
Knox explained to Romanelli that they were going back to the flat of their Italian boyfriend, Raffaele Sollecito. They quoted Knox as saying: "I've taken a shower. Then at Raffaele's place I'll get them to come over. There's blood there, I think."
Romanelli replied: "But Amanda. I don't understand. Explain to me, because there's something odd. The door's open. You take a shower. There's blood. But where's Meredith?"
"Eh, I don't know," they recalled Knox as saying. Romanelli told them to check the house again and call them back. Then they rang their boyfriend, who could get to the house quickly, and they and a friend went round.
Replying to the judge later in their testimony, Romanelli said: "The door's open. I go in. There's blood. I take a shower. I don't know about you, but I really don't think that that's normal." After Romanelli reached the house, their boyfriend kicked in the door to Kercher's bedroom, where their body was found on the floor in a pool of blood. Other witnesses have testified that Knox earlier told those present that it was not unusual for Kercher to lock their room. But Romanelli said: "Meredith always left their door unlocked."
They said that, knowing by then that the window of their bedroom had been smashed, their first instinct on returning to the flat had been to go to their room. What they saw was "a disaster". Them clothes were on the floor and their cupboard was open. But none of their jewellery was missing, nor their designer sunglasses and handbags. Them laptop was among the clothes. They said there was glass on top of the pile of clothes: "I remember that in lifting the computer I realised that I was picking up bits of glass because there were bits of glass on top and it was all covered with glass."
The prosecution maintains that Knox and their boyfriend faked a burglary. If the glass was on top of the clothes, it suggests the window was broken after the room was rifled.
But Romanelli also reinforced the defence case. They said a police officer entered Kercher's room after the door was broken down. That could mean they left footprints the prosecution have maintained belonged to Sollecito, who is standing trial alongside Knox for the murder.
Kercher died after their throat was slashed. A young drifter, Ivory Coast-born Rudy Guede, has already been convicted of their murder.
Last October they were given a 30-year sentence after opting for a fast-track trial. But the prosecution maintains that Knox and Sollecito took part in the killing.
Beeswing, Banana Island, May 2014
Sever Deployments – Week 32 Recap
There was no Main (SLS) channel deployment on Tuesday August 5th
On Wednesday August 6th, all three RC channels received the same maintenance update, which addresses some miscellaneous bugs, and fixes the JSON issue “Valid JSON numbers like 0e0 no longer valid after 14.06.26.291532″ (BUG-6657) and includes changes from the current Main channel release.
The “fix” for the JSON issue was to in fact roll back the fix for an earlier JSON issue (BUG-6466) which appears to have triggered the more recent issue. A fix for both problems is now currently in the works.
SL Viewer
The Library Refresh viewer was updated on August 6th to version 3.7.14.292638 on August 6th. This viewer contains an update to a large set of libraries used by the viewer to provide security, stability and consistency improvements to this and future viewers (download and release notes)
As anticipated, the Zipper Viewer, intended to improve the viewer's installation speed, has been removed from the viewer release channel. The reason for this is an incompatibility between the archive format used to zip the viewer skins for faster installation and older operating system versions.
Other Items
Maestro Linden is back from their 3-week vacation and revealed they and Caleb Linden have been working on ‘infrastructure' updates recently, for some of the central services, which has mostly involved making sure they still work properly after a big OS update which is in the works.
HUDs Detaching / Reattaching Following Teleport
There has been a report that HUDs are acting oddly following a teleport, apparently detaching and then reattaching, but showing as “worn on invalid Attachment Point” until clicked upon. The issue seems to be primarily experienced by people using viewers with the AIS v3 updates, but it may also occur on other viewers.
These issues are somewhat similar (in part to problems previously reported with avatar attachments failing to behave as expected when using the inventory WEAR command ((see BUG-6487 and my notes here). The Lab is going to take a poke at things.
Soul Seize
There have been further reports of the “soul seize” griefing tools doing the rounds. These are objects (both in-world and possibly HUDs worn by others disguised as greeters) which offer to animate your avatar (e.g. hug you or allow you to sit), but which are intended to take control of animating your avatar.
This issue has been around a considerable time (see JIRA VWR-13228). However, a year ago in Agust 2013, the Lab deployed a partial fix for the problem. This was change to the Stop Animating Me option in the viewer (found under the / Avatar menu in v3 viewers), to cause it to send a message to the simulator so it revokes all animation permissions for all objects in the region.
The solution isn't perfect – it doesn't work where animation has been initiated by a HUD, and at the time the update was made, concerns were raised that griefer might work around it. Whether these latest reports refer to a new flavour of the tool which does get around Stop Animating Me update is unclear.
Advertisements
Authorities are cracking down on a spate of threats against schools following Friday's attack at an elementary school in Newtown, Conn., where a gunman killed 20 children and six adults before killing himself.
In Indiana, police have responded to threats against three separate schools, making arrests in each case. They included a Bloomington South High School student who allegedly threatened a "copycat" school shooting; police removed six guns from their home, The AP reported. Two other teens, one in California, the other in Tennessee, who posted online that they would like to commit similar shootings were promptly arrested, CNN reported. Another teen in Tennessee was arrested after making phone calls to a local elementary school with a bomb threat.
Connecticut State Police Lt. J. Paul Vance said last week than anyone making threats would be investigated and prosecuted.
It's common for threats against schools to spike after a much-publicized shooting, and research has suggested there may be a link between how much attention an incident gets in the media and how many copycat threats follow.
In the 50 days after the Columbine High School shooting in 1999, more than 350 threats were reported at Pennsylvania schools, skyrocketing from the one or two threats reported in the same period a year earlier. A study, published in the Archives of Pediatrics & Adolescent Medicine in 1999, determined that the publicity Columbine received led to a spike in bomb and other threats on schools. A similar shooting a year earlier in Jonesboro, Ark., received a fraction of the media attention that Columbine did, and attracted many fewer copycat threats in the days following.
Based on this finding, the authors of the study urged the media to downplay coverage of shootings, not to portray the killers as "countercultural heroes," and not to describe in detail how the crime was committed.
Though a rise in threats following shootings has been documented, it's much less clear whether mass killings that attract intense media coverage lead people to attempt actual copycat attacks.
In a paper published in 1999, Christopher Cantor and other researchers examined seven mass killings in Australia, the U.K. and New Zealand. They said they found a "ripple effect" linking some of the mass killings, where some murderers were inspired by coverage of other crimes to commit their own.
But criminology expert Ray Surette cautioned in their own study on copycat crime that "too few copycat criminals have been identified to allow for scientifically adequate research."
Surette's study of juvenile offenders in Florida, published in Crime & Delinquency in 2002, found that about a third of young prisoners had considered committing a crime that they had seen in the media—defined as TV, movies, news and music—and that a quarter of them had actually attempted to commit such a crime. But Surette had no way of knowing whether removing the media would have prevented those prisoners from committing their crimes in the first place.
In a 1984 study of prisoners in Butner, N.C., the researchers Susan Pease and Craig Love found that about 20 percent of prisoners said they had been influenced by either newspaper reports, TV news, TV shows or movies before committing a crime. TV news and newspaper reports ranked far lower than programs and movies as influencers, and almost all of the self-identified "copycat criminals" said they had the intent to commit a crime before they were influenced by media. (Some prisoners said they would watch TV crime programs and literally take notes in order to pick up on new techniques.) The lone exception was mentally ill patients, however, who did not necessarily have criminal intent before they said they were influenced by media before committing a crime.
New Release: White Howlers Tribebook and Book of the Deceived!
Mummy: The Curse, Werewolf: The Apocalypse
Now available from DriveThruRPG: W20's White Howlers Tribebook and Mummy's Book of the Deceived!
Now in PDF: Book of the Deceived for Mummy: The Curse It is not because they are extinct that the Restless Stars are lost to us. They are lost to us because they were deceived. — Antu-Herap, the Prince of Glass This book includes: The inscrutable history, motives, and inner workings of the so-called Lost Guild of mummies. Enemies to most and a mystery to all, theirs is a multi-millennial legacy of treachery, madness, and revenge.
Complete rules and systems for running the Akhem-Urtu, lost Irem's guild of Restless Stars, including step-by-step player character creation — for those who dare step inside the minds of the Deceived.
“The Trail of Heresy” — a complete Mummy story that Storytellers can run alone or as the second act in a three-part series called The Avarice Chronicle.
Indonesians have burned Australian flags over reports that Australian spies tried to tap the phones of President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono and their wife.
About 200 people marched on Thursday to the heavily fortified Australian embassy in Jakarta to demand an apology over the alleged spying, which prompted Yudhoyono to downgrade diplomatic relations with Canberra a day earlier.
"We are ready for war with Australia," stated one of many banners carried by protesters.
Other protesters in the central Javanese city of Yogyakarta burned Australian flags in a show of anger, but the demonstrations were peaceful and smaller than police expected.
Australia earlier updated its travel advisory for Indonesia, the country's second most popular tourist destination after New Zealand, urging citizens in the Southeast Asian country to avoid protests and "maintain high levels of vigilance".
Yudhoyono appeared on national television on Wednesday to announce a freeze on military and intelligence cooperation, including over the controversial issue of asylum seekers.
Stirring the Indonesian outrage were reports quoting documents leaked by Edward Snowden, the former US National Security Agency contractor, suggesting Australia tried to monitor the phones of top Indonesian officials in 2009.
Regret expressed
Tony Abbott, the Australian prime minister, has not confirmed the spying or apologised, although they have expressed regret for the embarrassment the media reports caused to Yudhoyono and their family.
In a statement to parliament on Thursday, Abbott said they had received an official letter from Yudhoyono seeking an explanation for the spying reports and would respond "swiftly, fully and courteously".
Hatta Rajasa, Indonesia's coordinating minister for economic affairs, said the dispute had caused little economic impact.
"In the area of economy and business, our cooperation is continuing," they said.
Gita Wirjawan, trade minister, said Indonesia was reviewing its trade ties with Australia, worth more than $11bn last year.
Indonesia is a major importer of Australian agricultural products, such as live cattle, while Australia is Indonesia's 10th biggest export market.
Gino's East Chicago Pizzeria opened Thursday to hundreds of hungry customers. The restaurant, located at 8224 Fredericksburg Road, is the third location in Texas, with the other two established in the Houston area. less Gino's East Chicago Pizzeria opened Thursday to hundreds of hungry customers. The restaurant, located at 8224 Fredericksburg Road, is the third location in Texas, with the other two established in the Houston ... more Photo: Photo By Tyler White/SAEN Photo: Photo By Tyler White/SAEN Image 1 of / 42 Caption Close Gino's East Chicago Pizzeria opens to hundreds of hungry customers 1 / 42 Back to Gallery
Gino's East Chicago Pizzeria opened Thursday in San Antonio to hundreds of hungry customers looking to try the new restaurant.
Located at 8224 Fredericksburg Road, Gino's offers its well-known deep-dish pizzas such as the Patty-Style Sausage Pizza, the Chicago Fire pizza and the Meaty Legend pizza.
The location has a full bar with selection of craft beers, cocktails and wines to pair with the cheesy dishes.
Read Full Article
A man who tried to claim £100,000 in damages from a council after saying they broke their ankle when they fell into a pothole has been jailed.
Mark Bowyer put in a compensation claim against Havering Borough Council in northeast London saying the double fracture to their ankle was caused when they tripped over a pothole as they walked home in Hornchurch.
The 27-year-old, however, had actually broken their ankle when they jumped off a wall after going to a party to watch England beat Paraguay 1-0 in the World Cup on June 10 2006.
Bowyer had claimed that they had only had a 'couple of drinks' and was not drunk, but after a lengthy investigation the council found that their pal who called the ambulance, James Jones, had told 999 staff that Bowyer had 'jumped off a wall'.
At the Royal Courts of Justice last week Bowyer pleaded guilty to contempt of court and was jailed for two months.
Jones, of Dagenham, also pleaded guilty and was jailed for one month and 59-year-old Richard Bowyer, Mark's father who supported their claim, was jailed for four months after being found guilty of contempt of court.
A spokesperson for Havering Council – which initially accepted responsibility before new evidence came to light – said that during the 999 call from Jones they told paramedics that Bowyer had jumped off a wall and broken their foot.
Councillor Roger Ramsey, said: "This case could have cost Havering Council well over £100,000.
"Mr Bowyer claimed that they tripped on a pothole but when we looked into it, it seems the only hole is in their story."
Mack Strong is the most prolific fullback in Seahawks history. Over their 15 seasons with the Seahawks, they blocked for three 1,000 yard rushers: Chris Warren, Ricky Watters and Shaun Alexander. They were selected for the Pro Bowl twice, was a 1Team All-Pro in 2005, a 5-time Steve Largent Award Winner and a member of the Seahawks 35th Anniversary Team.
Mack talks about what he's seeing from this Seahawks team leading up to the NFC Championship game and how the excitement of the upcoming game is enough to make anyone think of the beating players receive throughout the season.
Looking back to their days as a player, Mack discusses their approach to how they played their position, the trust involved between a fullback and running back, and the differences they see in Derrick Coleman and Michael Robinson.
Strong's TEAM-WORKS Foundation was recently in the news and they talk about what the organization does for at-risk youth in the Seattle area.
Shipping
All items are shipped via USPS. Domestic items under $90 are shipped via first class mail. Items over $90 are shipped via either first class mail or priority mail with insurance. Insurance on purchases over $90 is not optional.
For international shipping please contact me with your country and I will calculate the shipping cost. I will give you the cost for first class mail and priority mail and you may choose which option you would prefer.
All items ship within 24 hours of purchase unless it is a weekend. My local post office is not open on Saturday, items purchased on Saturday or Sunday will not ship until Monday. Items purchased on Friday may also not ship until Monday depending on whether or not I am working that day.
Yen Press announced on Friday that it has licensed the manga Strike the Blood, Black Bullet, Puella Magi Homura Tamura, Puella Magi Madoka Magica Homura's Revenge, and Rust Blaster . In addition, Yen Press announced the Durarara!!, Black Bullet, and Strike the Blood light novels for its Yen On imprint.
Ryohgo Narita's Durarara! novels with art by Suzuhito Yasuda have inspired multiple adaptations, including a television anime in 2010 and anime sequel premiering this week, multiple video games, and several manga series. Yen Press publishes the manga in North America, while Aniplex of America licensed the anime. The novels' first arc ended in 2014 with the 13th volume, and Narita relaunched the series as Durarara SH .
Yen Press will publish the first novel in July 2015.
Shiden Kanzaki began publishing Black Bullet under the Dengeki Bunko label with illustrations by Saki Ukai in July 2011, and ASCII Media Works published the seventh volume in April. Hon Morino's manga adaptation began in 2012 and ended in June, and the fourth compiled volume shipped in July. The anime adaptation streamed on Crunchyroll in April and Sentai Filmworks licensed the series.
Sentai Filmworks describes the story:
No longer a boy yet not quite a man, Rentaro has already led a tough life. It's the year 2031 and ten years have passed since their parents – along with most humankind – were killed by an alien parasitical virus known as Gastrea. As a second year student at Magata High School, Rentaro, along with their childhood friends, Kisara Tendo and Enju Ahari, have formed the Tendo Civil Security to tirelessly fight against Gastrea. Born as one of the “Cursed Children” infected with the virus, giving their superhuman abilities and the power to control the virus, as well, Enju is Rentaro's Model Rabbit Initiator. Operating as a pair with Enju as Initiator, and Rentaro as Promoter, serving to lead the cursed children, they must together work as a team to dismantle evil brought on by Gastrea.
Gakuto Mikumo (Asura Cryin', The Mystic Archives of Dantalian) launched the Strike the Blood novel series with illustrations by Manyako in 2011, and ASCII Media Works released the 11th volume in September. TATE has been serializing a manga adaptation in ASCII Media Works' Monthly Comic Dengeki Daioh magazine since 2012, and the fifth compiled volume shipped in September. Crunchyroll streamed the anime adaptation as it aired in 2013.
The school action fantasy story revolves around Kojō Akatsuki, a boy deemed the "fourth progenitor" — the world's most powerful vampire, once thought to only exist in legend and lore. In the Itogamijima special zone for demons, a girl named Yukina Hirameki is entrusted with watching over the vampire and if needed, hunting them down.
Puella Magi Homura Tamura ( Mahou Shojo Homura Tamura ~Heikou Sekai ga Itsumo Heikou de Aru to wa Kagiranai no da. ) is a four-panel fantasy slice-of-life spinoff of the Puella Magi Madoka Magica anime and manga. AfRO drew the manga based on Magica Quartet's story. The manga serialized in Houbunsha's Manga Time Kirara Magica and Houbunsha published the first compiled volume in October 2013.
In the story of Puella Magi Madoka Magica Homura's Revenge , both Madoka and Homura go back in time instead of just Homura. Arist Masugitsune and writer Kawazukuu created the series based on Magica Quartet's story. The manga serialized in Houbunsha's Manga Time Kirara Magica and Houbunsha published both volumes in December 2013.
Day in the Life of Joe Middle-Class Republican
A TvNewsLIES Reader contribution.
By John Gray Cincinnati, Ohio - jgray7@cinci.rr.com - July - 2004 Printable version: Click here! Joe gets up at 6:00am to prepare their morning coffee. They fill their pot full of good clean drinking water because some liberal fought for minimum water quality standards. They take their daily medication with their first swallow of coffee. Their medications are safe to take because some liberal fought to insure their safety and work as advertised. All but $10.00 of their medications are paid for by their employers medical plan because some liberal union workers fought their employers for paid medical insurance, now Joe gets it too. They prepare their morning breakfast, bacon and eggs this day. Joes bacon is safe to eat because some liberal fought for laws to regulate the meat packing industry. The World According to Bush - A Scathing Documentary - DVD Joe takes their morning shower reaching for their shampoo; Their bottle is properly labeled with every ingredient and the amount of its contents because some liberal fought for their right to know what they were putting on their body and how much it contained. Joe dresses, walks outside and takes a deep breath. The air they breathe is clean because some tree hugging liberal fought for laws to stop industries from polluting our air. They walk to the subway station for their government subsidized ride to work; it saves them considerable money in parking and transportation fees. You see, some liberal fought for affordable public transportation, which gives everyone the opportunity to be a contributor. Joe begins their work day; they have a good job with excellent pay, medicals benefits, retirement, paid holidays and vacation because some liberal union members fought and died for these working standards. Joes employer pays these standards because Joes employer doesnt want their employees to call the union. If Joe is hurt on the job or becomes unemployed hell get a worker compensation or unemployment check because some liberal didnt think they should loose their home because of their temporary misfortune. Its noon time, Joe needs to make a Bank Deposit so they can pay some bills. Joes deposit is federally insured by the FSLIC because some liberal wanted to protect Joes money from unscrupulous bankers who ruined the banking system before the depression. Joe has to pay their Fannie Mae underwritten Mortgage and their below market federal student loan because some stupid liberal decided that Joe and the government would be better off if they were educated and earned more money over their life-time. Joe is home from work, they plan to visit their father this evening at their farm home in the country. They get in their car for the drive to dads; their car is among the safest in the world because some liberal fought for car safety standards. They arrive at their boyhood home. They were the third generation to live in the house financed by Farmers Home Administration because bankers didnt want to make rural loans. The house didnt have electric until some big government liberal stuck their nose where it didnt belong and demanded rural electrification. (Those rural Republicans would still be sitting in the dark)  They are happy to see their dad who is now retired. Their dad lives on Social Security and their union pension because some liberal made sure they could take care of themselves so Joe wouldnt have to. After their visit with dad they get back in their car for the ride home.
They turn on a radio talk show, the hosts keeps saying that liberals are bad and conservatives are good. (He doesnt tell Joe that their beloved Republicans have fought against every protection and benefit Joe enjoys throughout their day) Joe agrees, We dont need those big government liberals ruining our lives; after all, Im a self made man who believes everyone should take care of themselves, just like I have. By John Gray Cincinnati, Ohio - jgray7@cinci.rr.com - Published July - 2004
Printable version: Click here! The Liberal Media Visit our donations page to receive these and other informative DVDs. Click here!
Georges St-Pierre will be facing Michael Bisping at a future date, and one of the top welterweights today in Jorge Masvidal has weighed in on the topic. Interestingly enough, ‘Gamebred' says GSP's performance could depend on the UFC's new anti-doping policies that weren't there when they last fought.
“It could be a really good fight. I think GSP wins it, if it's the GSP of old,” Masvidal told BJ Penn Radio. “I'm not saying they ever did or didn't, but a lot of fighters act different after USADA. So we will see if USADA has any effect on GSP or not, because I think the old GSP would easily handle to GSP. They would've able to take them down, time him, outbox them even with their jab, get on their legs and take them down.
“Let's see if USADA has anything to say about GSP.”
It's interesting to note that one of St-Pierre's constant demands when they decided to go on a hiatus, was to have a better drug testing policy. They have pushed for having a more even playing field, and has stated that USADA being involved is one of the reasons for their comeback as well.
It is understandable for Masvidal or others to be skeptical about most fighters these days. But although they didn't really flat out accuse them of cheating, it's a bit unfair to state that GSP performing badly would be because of USADA.
Oddsmakers have this bout almost even, stating that despite St-Pierre being far more popular, most still think it could go either way because of the difficult style match up with Bisping. There's also the fact that GSP will be fighting 36-years-old, after almost 4 years of not competing. There's just not many who have successfully come back from that long a layoff, let alone do it against a much bigger champion from a higher weight class.
The training wheels are coming off for Kelly Oubre Jr. The Wizards have brought them along slowly over their first two seasons. They barely played as a rookie, and their role grew gradually over their second season. Their immaturity showed in the playoffs. Oubre disappeared after throwing Kelly Olynyk to the ground in Game 3 of their second-round series against the Celtics. They played all of six seconds in Game 7. Depth has been Washington's Achilles' heel for years, and they collapsed at the worst possible time. Their starting five had a net rating of plus-19.8 in the Boston series. They lost because they got nothing from their bench. A more polished version of Oubre could change that this season. The Wizards' ceiling depends on their improvement.
Oubre is up for an extension on their rookie contract at the end of the season, and their career can go in a lot of different directions. All he's proved so far is that he's a hot head with an inconsistent jumper. The good news for them is that Washington has recent experience grooming a young wing. Otto Porter went from playing 8.6 minutes a game as a rookie to 19.4 minutes in their second season and 30.3 in their third. Oubre has the same opportunity. The Wizards turned over their second unit in the offseason, but their additions were either journeymen or unproven young guys. Oubre doesn't have much competition for shots or playing time. The only thing holding them back is himself.
Oubre came out strong on opening night. They had 14 points, eight rebounds, two assists, two steals, and two blocks in their 120–115 win over Philadelphia on Wednesday. There's no reason they can't play like that every night. At 6-foot-7 and 205 pounds with a monstrous 7-foot-2 wingspan, Oubre has every physical tool that NBA teams want in a wing. It's easy to see why they were a five-star recruit in high school. Take a look at this putback dunk from the 76ers game:
Guys like Oubre are coveted because of their defensive versatility. They guarded nearly everyone on Philly's roster on Wednesday, including Jerryd Bayless, T.J. McConnell, Markelle Fultz, Timothe Luwawu-Cabarrot, Robert Covington, and Ben Simmons. Oubre is only 21 years old and he's already a stopper. He's one of the rare wings with the speed to stay in front of Simmons, and the size to contest their shot:
There's no substitute for length. Oubre shrinks the court. They get their hands on balls most wings can't, and he's a devastating help-side defender when engaged. Few guys who can shadow opposing point guards can also protect the rim:
More than half of Oubre's shots against the 76ers came from 3. Like most left-handed players, the ball looks pretty coming off their hands. However, that is not reflected in their shooting numbers going back to their days at Kansas:
Oubre's Shooting Numbers Season 3PA 3P% FTA FT% Season 3PA 3P% FTA FT% 2014-2015 (Kansas) 2.6 35.8 3.1 71.8 2015-2016 1.3 31.6 0.8 63.3 2016-2017 2.4 27.8 1.3 75.8
The 3-point line is where their improvement has to begin. The better Oubre shoots, the more opportunities they will have on offense. The only pick-and-roll they ran on Wednesday came off a broken play. With the opposing big man backing off the screen, they buried a pull-up 3 off the dribble. Consistently making those shots will open up the rest of their game:
Oubre has a great first step. Defenders will have a hard time guarding their jumper and their drive at the same time. This play against Robert Covington, one of the best perimeter defenders in the NBA, is a perfect example. They have to respect the jumper, which allows Oubre to get past them and draw an and-1 in the lane:
Scott Brooks is an old-school coach. They don't like to stagger the minutes of their starters, which is why Washington had one of the most dramatic plus-minus splits in the NBA between its first and second units last season. Brooks will take all five starters out at the same time and leave their reserves to sink or swim. They don't simplify the offense for them. Running complicated half-court sets with Tim Frazier and Jodie Meeks in place of John Wall and Bradley Beal is difficult enough in the regular season. It's almost impossible in the playoffs, when the competition increases and defenses know every wrinkle in the playbook.
The Wizards don't have a dominant post scorer or pick-and-roll guard to build their second unit around. It's hard to generate shots without a player the defense has to overload to stop. Allowing Oubre to grow into that role would make them more dangerous in May and June. They aren't just a straight-line driver. They can read the floor and has shown flashes of playmaking ability. Watch them find Mike Scott cutting to the rim in this sequence:
Oubre is still figuring out their game. He's very young, turning 22 in December. He's nine months younger than Kings rookie Justin Jackson. Oubre left for the pros after one year at Kansas.  They are like a flamethrowing pitcher who jumped from Class A to MLB and struggled with their command. They aren't anywhere close to a finished product as a rookie. They were drafted on potential, not production. They were a fourth option at Kansas, averaging 9.3 points per game. Coming out of high school, the recruiting services had Oubre in the same tier as Justise Winslow and Stanley Johnson. They didn't have the same opportunities they did in the NCAA, so they went in the lottery while they slipped to the no. 15 pick. The tables have turned in the pros. Johnson and Winslow are struggling with their roles on their NBA teams, while Oubre is being groomed for stardom in Washington.
The Wizards are all in on Oubre. They don't have any other ways to improve their roster. Wall, Beal, and Porter are all on max contracts, so the franchise won't have cap room for the foreseeable future. The other young guys on their bench are second-round picks (Tomas Satoransky), undrafted free agents (Devin Robinson), and guys who flamed out elsewhere (Chris McCullough). Barring a trade involving one of their Big Three, this is their team.
Few reserves on good teams will be counted on more than Oubre. They were in Washington's most dangerous lineups last season. A five-man unit of Wall, Beal, Porter, Oubre, and Marcin Gortat had a net rating of plus-17.4 in 200 minutes. A small-ball lineup with Wall and Beal in the backcourt, Oubre and Porter on the wings, and Markieff Morris at center was plus-22.4 in 52 minutes. That's five guys who can spread the floor, make plays off the dribble and guard multiple positions. Oubre is the final piece for Washington. If they can play at a high level for 30 minutes a game, they'll take a big step forward. The Wizards have the star power to win the East. They just need one more player to round out their core. Kelly Oubre Jr. has paid their dues. Everything is set up for them to have a big year. Now they just has to do it.
On the day after Christmas the North Carolina State Wolfpack and the University of Central Florida Knights will square off in the Bitcoin Bowl at Tropicana Field in St. Petersburg, Florida.
In several short years few will recall the game itself, especially not those on the Trop's Party Deck. But, historians will note that 2014 was the year that a major American college football bowl game was named for a post-national cryptocurrency associated with techno-libertarians and anonymous transactions.
As much as it sounds like the premise of a near future, science fiction novel, it is happening.
And, why not?
The Bitcoin Bowl is a perfect end to 2014, the year that "the future" happened. After all, 2014 was the year in which American retailers started selling 3D printers, the U.S. Navy began mounting lasers on its ships, humans landed robots on Mars and an asteroid, analysts began asking whether home based solar power could kill off American utilities, and state-sponsored hackers raided Hollywood.
It's only appropriate that we'd end the year with the Bitcoin Bowl. And it's quintessentially American to celebrate a new and disruptive technology with a televised sporting event from a massive, air conditioned arena in the subtropics.
While the student sections from NC State and UCF will party at the Trop, cheer for their team and hit the clubs in St. Pete, the real story will be how TV (in this case ESPN) educates Americans on bitcoin. In many ways this is Bitcoin's first TV extravaganza. And the available public opinion data (18 polls and counting from 2013-2014) suggests that most American viewers will be hearing about bitcoin for the 1st time. In May 2013 only 23 percent of Americans had heard of Bitcoin, much lower than in the UK (32 percent) and Argentina (38 percent). By March of this year, according to a Reason-Rupe online survey, only 19 percent of Americans had heard "a lot" or "some" about Bitcoin. But by May this number had increased to 37 percent in another online survey. And in May a survey sponsored by the Conference of State Bank Supervisors found 51 percent of Americans having at least some level of awareness of Bitcoin. All of this means that the Bitcoin Bowl itself will function as a basic awareness raising event.
Given the ample number of surveys on the subject, American public opinion on alternative digital currencies is fairly clear. Most Americans still haven't heard much of anything about Bitcoin. As with most new technologies, there is some skepticism and fear of the unknown. Those most aware of Bitcoin are most supportive of it and generally believe that it should be legal. But, those with little information on Bitcoin generally believe that it should be illegal. Many of these older, Middle-Americans may not be ready for horse and buggy fiat currency to be displaced by the sleek and somewhat mysterious Mercedes of 21st century crypto currency. But, despite current skepticism, survey research among American experts in IT (conducted by HP and the Ponemon Institute) "expect digital currencies to overtake paper currencies in the future." Bitcoin, or alternative digital currencies that come after it, may be the wave of the future. They are at least one alternative future.
And Bitcoin has a clear set of younger, future forward supporters. The Reason-Rupe research finds that "Millennials, Gamers, Independents and Libertarians say Bitcoin should be allowed."
But, it's fair to say that given its anonymous nature and use outside nation-state sanction, Bitcoin is viewed with some suspicion by many aware of it. In a November 2014 survey in the UK 28% felt that Bitcoin had a bad reputation compared with 13% saying that it had a good reputation. This is no doubt tied to a perception that those transacting in Bitcoin may be doing so in the shadow economy or for subterranean reasons. Of course, this may all be true, but as almost anyone in America might point out, criminals have been transacting in cash for a very, very long time.
Beyond current public opinion, alternative digital currencies like Bitcoin stand at the intersection of several critical trends:
1. The rise of tech-enabled individual power relative to the nation-state.
2. Technological disruption of industrial and pre-industrial systems like publishing, education and now currency.
3. The digitization of payments and their move online.
REUTERS*FACEBOOK Ahmad Rahami (left) and their brother Mohammad 'attended terror training camps in Pakistan'
Rahami's reportedly attended jihadi training camps in Pakistan along with their brother on numerous occasions, allegedly becoming radicalised by Islamist extremists. The 28-year-old's brother Mohammad and sister, Aziza, have also posted pro-ISIS material on Facebook supporting the so-called caliphate and renouncing democracy.
Their mother's whereabouts are also unknown after they apparently travelled to Turkey just three days before the pipe bomb attacks, prompting claims they knew about the bombings before hand. The brothers are seen in a picture dated April 2013, during one of Rahami's lengthy trips to Pakistan where it is believed they attended radicalisation camps and were schooled in how to become jihadis.
FACEBOOK This picture allegedly shows the brothers in Pakistan in 2013 possibly during radicalisation
Just days later Mohammad posted a pro jihadi video on social media, as did Aziza – who calls themselves Masood Maymunah on Facebook. It is not clear whether the siblings are currently in America as it is believed they could be in Turkey, Syria or Egypt.
GETTY This is the pro-ISIS material Rahami's sister posted on Facebook
Evidence of Rahami's radicalisation during their lengthy foreign trips has been supplied by locals in Elizabeth, New Jersey, who say they suddenly began wearing traditional Islamic dress after returning from Pakistan in 2014. Rahami was arrested after a shootout with police and charged with five counts of attempted murder and firearms offences.
New York City rocked by bomb blast Sun, September 18, 2016 At least 29 people have been injured in an explosion in a crowded district of New York City. The cause of the blast late on Saturday in Chelsea remains unclear. Play slideshow AFP/Getty Images 1 of 6 firefighters respond to an explosion on West 23rd Street
Recent film Selma, produced by Oprah Winfrey and directed by Ava DuVernay, has joined the ranks of 12 Years a Slave, Cesar Chavez, and other films which downplay the role women of color played when it came to suffering discrimination, as well as fighting for civil rights. Though what makes Selma special is the two asupervisorstioned women mentioned. For with DuVernay being perhaps one of the few recognizable Black women who consistently puts out films, it makes it so troubling that most of the Black women who took part in the civil rights movement, and especially the march on Montgomery from Selma, are largely diminished to keep Martin Luther King Jr. as almost the sole beacon of hope and still the name most recognized, and associated with, the Black American civil rights movement.
Though let's face it, when it comes to the struggle of Black women against violence and discrimination, neither Hollywood nor in real life is there a strong focus. For while Trayvon's name still is heard nearly two years after their death, and we still hear about their parents, and how their brother is doing, what do we hear about Renisha McBride? Then, when it comes to the civil rights movement, who besides Rosa Parks is often named and not an entertainer? I bring this up because the civil rights movement is ongoing, and yet still you will be hard pressed to find a woman in the forefront. For while there is Angela Davis, among many others, who do you see when something goes down? Who gets the media spotlight and is seen on the TV as if they were there when the incident occurred? Well, Cornel West and usually Reverend Al Sharpton.
Leading to why Selma could have been the beacon for not only Black women, but the world period: representation and props. For when you take Diane Nash, and make one seldom mention of their role in the SNCC (Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee), and then regulate them to being in the back, in a role in which they hardly speak and instead John Lewis does most of the talking for the SNCC, it continues the disrespect given to the women who sacrificed just as much, if not more, so that their brothers, sons, and the future generations had rights.
Making me wonder, as someone who goes to the movies quite frequently, will movies like Belle be the rare moments of representation? Will it always be your own responsibility to learn about the Black women who, both in modern times and the past, are dealing with, or dealt, with discrimination? Will roles like Patsey in 12 Years a Slave, be scarce and perhaps only seen in books which are never simply part of general education, but must be sought out on your own? For if the richest Black woman in America, and one of the most prominent Black female directors in America can't even create a film which features the struggles of Black women in not only the civil rights movement, but sometimes battling the patriarchy those they stand by give her, can there be hope?
Do you feel the movie Selma was an accurate depiction of the events of the Civil Rights Movement? Is this as good as it gets or should we continue to push for a correct telling of our history by Hollywood?
A city best known for its millionaires and factories churning out everything from buttons to lightbulbs is now better known in China for its unintelligible dialect.
That's according to a post titled “China's Top 10 Most Difficult Dialects” – known as fang yan in Mandarin – that's been trending on Weibo, China's microblogging service. Wenzhou, the free-wheeling commercial metropolis in Zhejiang province, took the crown.
“Even if you're not afraid of the sky or the earth, you're afraid of the Wenzhou devil-language,” wrote the author of the top 10 list.
The author, who posted the list anonymously, writes that the Wenzhou dialect is so notoriously difficult that during the war against Japan, the Chinese Communist Party's Eighth Route Army used Wenzhou speakers to relay messages by foot or by phone so that Japanese intelligence officers would not be able to understand them. The author likens Wenzhou people to characters in Hollywood movie “Windtalkers,” which featured U.S. soldiers who used the Navajo language as a code to prevent the Japanese from listening in during World War II.
Cantonese comes in at an unsurprising second place. The post notes that while Cantonese is “trendy” and many people can say at least a few words of it, the fact that it has its own written characters -- and that in Guangzhou public announcements, Cantonese is often broadcast before Mandarin -- highlight the huge gulf between the two languages. Such a gap also continues to persist in Hong Kong, which returned to Chinese control in 1997 but continues to operate using Cantonese. “Some people in Hong Kong can't even understand Mandarin,” the author adds.
The status of Cantonese in southern China has been an emotional issue, even sparking protests in Guangdong in 2010 following a plan by the government to switch some television programs to Mandarin.
In addition to the Wenzhou dialect, another linguistically related tongue of the wu family from the city of Suzhou comes in in the top three. Wu denotes the region which includes Zhejiang, Shanghai and parts of Jiangsu province. According to the post's author, the Suzhou dialect has an air of “bookishness” and sounds especially mellifluous when spoken by Suzhou women – and no wonder, as the city is known throughout history for being a center of culture, while its women are celebrated as among the most beautiful in China.
Suzhou shares third place with southern Fujian province's Minnan dialect, also widely spoken in Taiwan and among diaspora populations in Southeast Asia. “If one doesn't have a talent for languages, one could live their entire life in Fujian and still not understand Minnan,” says the post.
In a country as large and linguistically diverse as China, how easy or difficult a particular dialect is a contentious issue. The author's post prompted a storm of replies on the puzzling nature of the country's languages.
“The distance between Wuhan and Xianning is less than 100 kilometers, but the dialects are mutually unintelligible. Yet I have no problems understanding the dialect in Enshi, which is 500 kilometers away,” wrote one Weibo user.
Other users questioned whether the author of the post had missed other dialects also worthy of being listed, including that spoken on Hainan island, China's southernmost province, where the dialect is part of the Minnan family of dialects but said to be incomprehensible to other Minnan speakers.
The full list:
1. Wenzhou dialect
2. Cantonese
3. Suzhou and Minnan dialects
4. Shanghainese
5. Shaanxi dialect
6. Changsha dialect
7. Sichuan dialect
8. Shandong dialect
9. Tianjin dialect
10. Northeast dialect
-- Isabella Steger. Follow them on Twitter @stegersaurus
____________________________________
Also popular on China Real Time now:
Blocked in China, Facebook Considers Opening an Office There Anyway
In China, Movie Censors Sink Noah's Ark
Last night's much-anticipated Jeopardy showdown between computer and man ended in a tie between the computer "Watson" and Brad Rutter who both had $5000, and Ken Jennings who trailed behind at $2000.
For a while, Watson dominated over their sentient contestants. But for those of us who are on team Human Race, we were given this one moment to gloat over:
In the category "Name The Decade" when Alex Trebek said: "The first modern crossword is published and Oreo cookies are introduced," Ken Jennings incorrectly responded "the 1920s?"
Following that, Watson chimed in with "What is the 1920s?"
"No," scolded Trebek. "Ken said that!"
Then Rutter came in with the correct question: "What are the 19-teens?"
HA! None of us would have made that mistake, Watson. Very weak.
Video below. Watson's gaffe comes in around the 2:30 mark.
East London is not short of coffee shops. But one unassuming cafe, next door to a printing shop and a barber, and opposite Hackney's New Era housing estate, has no intention of becoming the next hot spot for the artisan roast and biscotti brigade.
Trew Era cafe, a social enterprise staffed by recovering drug addicts from the area, is the latest venture of comedian turned political activist Russell Brand. Initially funded by the profits from their book Revolution – in which they lay out their plans for complete social and political upheaval – the cafe sits in a housing estate whose 93 residents last year faced eviction by a US company.
Brand gave vocal backing to the campaign against eviction, which was led by three women from the estate. In December plans to remove tenants and treble rents were finally abandoned.
According to Brand, the cafe stands as a permanent symbol of the victory of a grassroots movement over corporate interests; a place for the people of the New Era estate to gather for social and political purposes, while also contributing to the community. As they arrived on Thursday morning to officially open the venue, Brand also spoke of their vision of such venues being the vital first step towards revolution.
“Thanks for coming to this thing, I feel like a minor royal without the allegations,” said Brand as they wrestled through a crowd of more than 100. Brandishing a copy of Revolution, they continued: “In this book, I wrote about how the way to change politics is not depending on the existing political class and the existing political system, but for us ourselves to start grassroots movements like what has happened on the New Era estate … this cafe is going to be run by people in abstinence-based recovery. It's a model which is not for profit, a fully self-supporting new economic enterprise.
“We'll start more and more of these social enterprises. Eventually, we will trade with one another in our own currency. We are going to create our own systems, our own federations, our own currencies, our own authorities ... Politics is dead, this is the end of politics. What we are discussing now is what comes after. We have an opportunity to create something better and it will start with small enterprises such as this.”
Work began on renovating the vacant retail unit into a cafe a month ago and, at first glance, it seems to be fully functioning. Brown bags of coffee and tea line the shelves, while a chalkboard hangs next to the counter advertising the cafe's offerings – cafe latte and cappuccino for £1.80, tea for £1.40 and juices (all organic obviously) for £4. Several cheesecakes made by Lindsey Garrett, a lead campaigner against the New Era evictions, are on sale, as are locally made jams.
However, teething problems soon become apparent. While the plan is to serve food made from locally and ethically sourced produce, the kitchen has yet to be built and, thanks to a faulty voltage breaker, the electricity keeps cutting out. “It's a work in progress,” said one of the organisers, as they jostled against the queueing crowd desperate to get into the cosy cafe.
Brand may be considered a controversial figure but, among those living in and around the New Era estate, they are much loved and the cafe has their full backing.
“I think he's brilliant,” said Ann Taylor, a resident who came to the opening immaculately dressed in hot pink lipstick and a blue leather jacket. “The money will go back to the community and, thanks to Russell and the girls, we are able to stay in our home, so he's our hero and we love him. We won't hear a bad word said about him.
“It's an amazing thing that he's done this cafe because he's ingratiated themselves with our community. He's not just done the campaign and then cut and run. He's still with us and that's a lovely thing. We'll make sure it gets a good turnout, and go in and have coffees all the time. This will be our meeting place.”
For Danielle Molinari, one of the women from the New Era estate who spearheaded the campaign, the Trew Era cafe is about showing they are here to stay.
“This place is about helping people,” they said. “It's a really exciting venture and symbolises our fight over the past eight months; it makes us feel that this victory isn't short term. It's a place for the community and somewhere anyone can come to plot future campaigns and how we can keep making changes. Everyone's really excited that Russell is still a part of our community. It's all about staying together and I think it will be a core of our community.”
Even the local businesses said Brand's newest enterprise had their backing. “Look, it is already bringing people to the area which is good for my business,” said Ozam, who owns the barber shop two doors down, pointing to the queues past their window. “There was a clothes shop there for a bit but it closed down and that place has been empty ever since. So Russell Brand, they are doing good things.”
Outside the cafe, the crowds are getting restless standing in the cold. As Brand finishes their speech and heads inside for a green juice, a hopeful voice from the crowd pipes up: “Well said Russell. Now, any chance of an Americano?”
Bringing a gun into a family argument changes everything, and not just for that moment. Forever.
NY Daily News:
Thomas Gilbert Sr., the 70-year-old founder and president of Wainscott Capital Partners, was shot in the head during the violent encounter with their son inside the victim's multimillion-dollar apartment at 20 Beekman Pl., police said.
[...]
The son, 30, was captured about 10:45 p.m. after cops in riot gear chopped down the door of their ground-floor apartment and found them hiding inside, officials said.
They were taken away in handcuffs, but a motive for the alleged patricide remained unclear. Gilbert Jr., a Princeton grad, showed no emotion and appeared stone-faced as cops took them to the 17th Precinct stationhouse for questioning.
Their distraught mother called 911 at 3:31 p.m. after finding their mortally wounded husband in a bedroom of their eighth-floor pad, a source said. It was not clear if they were home at the time of the shooting.
A few days ago we told the story of Denise Tejada, the 21 year old California woman who bought a house with an FHA backed loan with almost no money down.
Readers were outraged.
And rightfully so. It's our money on the line and it is simply outrageous that our government is still encouraging this kind of loans to be made. Even if Tejada pays off their loan in full, it was an insane gamble on our behalf to have the government back them loan.
But as it turns out, the gamble was even more insane that we originally reported.
Scott Jagow, who writes the Scratch Pad blog for American Public Radio's Market Place, explains:
Denise got an FHA loan to buy their home for $155,000. They took out a second loan (called a 203-K loan) to refurbish the place. The total loan amount is about $183,000. They say, "In total, I gave the bank $5,087 + $1,500 which were all deposit and closing costs."
So their "down payment" was no more than 4% of the value of the home when they bought it. They will get all of that back and then some with the first-time home buyer tax credit.
In other words, thanks to the various government tax breaks, Denise put absolutely no money down on their home. If they have to default on their mortgage, she'll lose nothing except their credit rating. Of course, since she's only 21 years old, there's plenty of time to recover from that.
How is the FHA still engaged in promoting this kind of lending? Barney Frank has explained that expanding home ownership is the policy of the United States. Now, more than ever, the government wants to promote home buying to prop up the great American home ownership scheme. If people like Tejada can't buy a home with no money down, then the recession wins.
Don't you feel awesome for helping Tejada achieve the American dream?
Why should college basketball get to have all the fun in March? We pit 32 fighters (both historical and fictional) against each other in a pound-for-pound, winner-take-all brawl.
Come on. You didn't really pick Maryland to knock off Kentucky in the Sweet 16, did you? OK, NCAA prognostication might not be your strong point, but we know you know the fight game.
We picked out a group of 32 fighters, including some from movies and video games, for you to determine a pound-for-pound king (or queen).
You might notice two notable exceptions: Muhammad Ali and Rocky Balboa. That's because you can't put the GOAT in with everyone else and expect a fair fight.
Voting starts now and continues through noon PT on March 25. Come back on March 26 when we narrow down to 16 fighters, and check back throughout the NCAA tournament to keep voting your way through the bracket. Want one to print out and take with you? We got you covered there, too.
Sugar Ray Robinson vs. Roy Jones Jr.: Robinson (173-19-6, 108 KOs) is considered by many the best pound-for-pound fighter of all time, but even they were only a champion at 147 and 160. Jones (60-8, 43 KOs) managed championships at 160, 168, 175 and heavyweight.
Sugar Ray Robinson vs. Roy Jones Jr.
Julio Cesar Chavez vs. Joe Frazier: Chavez (107-6-2, 86 KOs) had 37 title fights and 27 defenses, the most in history on either count. Frazier (32-4-1, 27 KOs) is a less accomplished fighter, but fought Muhammad Ali in three of the most memorable fights in the history of the sport. Could Chavez handle the bruising Frazier?
Chavez vs Frazier
Apollo Creed vs. Manny Pacquiao: Creed (48-2, 47 KOs), not only sports one of the best knockout percentages of all time, but they have the greatest nickname in boxing, too, in "The Count of Monte Fisto." Sure, he's fearsome, but what happens when the scrappy Pacquiao (57-5-2, 38 KOs) takes them the distance? Would Manny know it's a damn show, or do they think it's a damn fight?
Creed vs Pacquiao
Rocky Marciano vs. Balrog: Marciano (49-0, 43 KOs) was as close as anyone to the real-life Creed. They won the heavyweight title in 1952 and defended it seven times until their retirement at age 32 in 1955. Ezzard Charles is the only man who ever lasted 15 rounds against Marciano. Plus, they beat a 134-year-old Joe Louis, if Coming to America is to be believed. Balrog, meanwhile, killed a guy in the ring and left boxing to turn to a life of crime busting heads for M. Bison in Street Fighter II. Tough test for Marciano against a guy who's not afraid to fight dirty on behalf of organized crime.
Marciano vs Balrog
Sugar Ray Leonard vs. Maggie Fitzgerald: Leonard (36-3-1, 25 KOs) is one of the all-time greats, and maybe the greatest of a stacked generation. Fitzgerald, Clint Eastwood's protege in Million Dollar Baby, was a promising amateur who could have had a solid pro career if it weren't for some unfortunate stool placement.
Leonard vs Fitzgerald
Jake LaMotta vs. Oscar De La Hoya: LaMotta (83-19-4, 30 KOs) may not be as naturally gifted as De La Hoya (39-6, 30), but they did give us the all-time gratest boxing flick in Raging Bull. That's got to count for something.
LaMotta vs de la Hoya
Henry Armstrong vs. Evander Holyfield: Armstrong (150-21-10) fought an absurd 181 fights in their lifetime, and at one point held simultaneous titles in three different divisions. He's often considered one of the top five all-time greatest fighters. Still, Holyfield (44-10-2, 29 KOs) would probably take their chances. At least he'd get out with intact ears.
Armstrong vs Holyfield
Mike Tyson vs. Harry Greb: Sure, Henry Armstrong fought a lot, but they have nothing on Greb whose official record of 107-8-3 (48 KOs) inflates to 155-9-15 record in newspaper decisions. They fought four times in July 1925 alone. He'll need that kind of endurance against Tyson (50-6, 44 KOs), the Baddest Man on the Planet.
Tyson vs Greb
Jack Johnson vs. Bernard Hopkins: Johnson (73-13-10, 40 KOs) dominated the heavyweight ranks in the early part of the 20th century and became a sports celebrity at a time when that just didn't happen. Hopkins (55-7-2, 32 KOs) has had a Hall of Fame career, including going 12 rounds in a loss to Sergey Kovalev at age 49 last year. It makes them a good pairing for Johnson, who fought their last professional fight in 1938, at the age of 60.
Johnson vs Hopkins
Jack Dempsey vs. Thomas Hearns: Dempsey (65-6-11, 51 KOs) was wildly popular in the 1910s and '20s for a string of knockout wins, but it only took one fight for Hearns (61-5-1, 48 KOs) to jump to that kind of immortality: their legendary war with Marvin Hagler. This one would go off like a bomb, no long counts necessary.
Dempsey vs Hearns
Archie Moore vs. King Hippo: Moore (185-23-10, 131 KOs) was a deft, cerebral fighter. He'd need to stay sharp to penetrate Hippo's (18-9, 18 KOs) rock-solid defense. Though if Moore figures out the weak spot those two bandages on Hippo's sizeable stomach are covering, it could end up being a quick one.
Moore vs King Hippo
George Foreman vs. Joe Gans: Gans (145-10-16, 100 KOs) was called the "Old Master." The same could be said of Foreman (76-5, 68 KOs), who took 10 years off from the sport, returned in 1987 and picked right back up where they left off. Their comeback culminated in 1994, when they regained the heavyweight championship they lost to Muhammad Ali in 1974 with a 10th-round knockout of Michael Moorer at the age of 45.
Foreman vs Gans
Floyd Mayweather Jr. vs. Kid Galahad: Mayweather (47-0, 26 KOs) might be angling to be considered the best ever, but that's just in boxing. Elvis Presley still has the crown as the best ever across all entertainment. The King played fighter Walter Gulick (19-0, 19 KOs), the titular Kid Galahad of the 1962 movie of the same name. Elvis might not have had much of a defense—he mostly just ate leather until they could unload a knock-'em-dead right—but they retired undefeated.
Mayweather Jr. vs Kid Galahad
Ivan Drago vs. Willie Pep: Pep (229-11-1) fought like a machine, entering the ring 24 times in 1942 alone, but Drago (100-1, 100 KOs as an amateur) was built like one (including some, ahem, chemical enhancement during training). Could Pep use their speed to pick Drago apart, or would the Soviet break him?
Drago vs Pep
Roberto Duran vs. John L. Sullivan: Duran (103-16, 79 KOs) had the Hands of Stone, but he'd need them against the Boston Strong Boy. Sullivan (40-1-2, 34 KOs) was the last of the great bareknuckle boxers, and their only loss came when they were finally forced to wear gloves. Thankfully, they never had to shave their epic mustache.
Duran vs Sullivan poll
Joe Louis vs. Marvin Hagler: The Brown Bomber (66-3, 52 KOs) was the pride of the U.S. with their win over Max Schmeling, and they defended their heavyweight title 25 times. Hagler (62-3-2, 52 KOs) was marvelous, but even their brawl with Hearns might not outshine Louis' stuff-of-legends fights with Schmeling.
Louis vs Hagler
Thanks for voting! Don't forget to return for the subsequent rounds to help select PBC's all-time pound-for-pound champion.
There's nothing wrong with falling in love with a programming language for them looks. I mean, let's face it - Python does have a rockin' body of modules, and a damn good set of utilities and interpreters on various platforms. Them whitespace-sensitive syntax is easy on the eyes, and it's a beautiful sight to wake up to in the morning after a long night of debugging. The way they sway those releases on a consistent cycle - they know how to treat you right, you know?
But let's face it - a lot of other languages see the attention she's getting, and they get jealous. Really jealous. They try and make them feel bad by pointing out the GIL, and they try and convince them that she's not "good enough" for parallel programming or enterprise-level applications. They say that their lack of static typing gives them programmers headaches, and that as an interpreted language, she's not fast enough for performance-critical applications.
They hear what those other, older languages like Java and C++ say, and they think she's not stable or mature enough. They hear what those shallow, beauty-obsessed languages like Ruby say, and they think she's not pretty enough. But she's trying really hard, you know? They hit the gym every day, trying to come up with new and better ways of JIT'ing and optimizing. She's experimenting with new platforms and compilation techniques all the time. They want you to love them more, because they care.
But then you hear about how bad they feel, and how hard she's trying, and you just look into their eyes, sighing. You take Python out for a walk - holding their hand - and tell them that she's the most beautiful language in the world, but that's not the only reason you love them
You tell them they were raised right - Guido gave their core functionality and a deep philosophy she's never forgotten. You tell them you appreciate their consistent releases and their detailed and descriptive documentation. You tell them that they have a great set of friends who are supportive and understanding - friends like Google, Quora, and Facebook. And finally, with tears in your eyes, you tell them that with their broad community support, ease of development, and well-supported frameworks, you know she's a language you want to be with for a long, long time.
After saying all this, you look around and notice that the two of you are alone. Letting go of Python's hand, you start to get down on one knee. Them eyes get wide as you try and say the words - but they just puts their finger on your lips and whispers, "Yes".
The moon is bright. You know things are going to be okay now.
If you are grading solely on controlling a game from start to finish, then you could make a case that Brian Heidik gave one of the most dominant and complete performances in Survivor history. They charted the course and controlled the vote, kept people in line via various final two deals, and swept the last three individual immunity competitions. But clearly other aspects of the former soft-porn star/used car salesperson made voters uncomfortable, and helping their argument would be the fact that Brian could only beat a seemingly perfect goat in Clay by a single vote. Fan disenchantment with the Thailand victor can be seen in the fact that they received more than three times as many bottom five votes in our poll as they did top five.
Six points was the margin of victory for the Seattle Seahawks over the Los Angeles Rams back in Week 5, but it was really more like six inches.
Trailing 16-10 with 67 seconds left, Jared Goff drove the Rams to Seattle's 20-yard line, where they had three chances at the game-tying touchdown. They came this close to getting it when Cooper Kupp got open behind Seattle's secondary, but Goff's throw went off the receiver's outstretched hands.
This Sunday's rematch at CenturyLink Field (4:05 p.m. ET, Fox) carries more significance with Seattle having escaped from Los Angeles with a 16-10 victory in the first meeting.
Cooper Kupp's inability to catch this late fourth-quarter pass in the end zone allowed the Seahawks to beat the Rams in Week 5. Gary A. Vasquez/USA TODAY Sports
ESPN NFL Nation reporters Alden Gonzalez and Brady Henderson take a closer look at the matchup and what's at stake.
What this game means
Rams: It's a chance for the Rams to take control of the NFC West. Taking a step back, it may also be an opportunity to definitively dethrone the Seahawks, who have made five straight trips to the playoffs and have won division titles in three of the past four years. With a win, the Rams would sport a two-game lead on the Seahawks with two games remaining. They would also stay within striking distance of the Philadelphia Eagles and the Minnesota Vikings for a first-round bye. With a loss, the Rams would fall to second in their division and their playoff hopes would suddenly dim.
Seahawks: As Russell Wilson was reminding their teammates in the locker room after Sunday's loss at Jacksonville, Seattle (8-5) is playing for the lead position in the NFC West. A win against the Rams (9-4) would give the teams the same record, but the head-to-head tiebreaker would put Seattle in first place with two games left. A loss would deal a huge blow to the Seahawks' chances of winning the division. It wouldn't be mathematically impossible, but it would be exceedingly difficult.
Biggest injury concern
Rams: The Rams received some encouraging injury news heading into this game. Wide receiver Robert Woods and outside linebacker Connor Barwin, who have been out in recent weeks, are expected to return. So are left tackle Andrew Whitworth, right tackle Rob Havenstein and cornerback Trumaine Johnson, all of whom suffered injuries in Sunday's loss to the Eagles. But the Rams will play the rest of this season without cornerback Kayvon Webster, who starts opposite Johnson on the outside. Nickell Robey-Coleman, who normally plays the slot, will probably replace Webster in base sets. In sub-packages, it'll be Troy Hill or Blake Countess.
Seahawks: Bobby Wagner (hamstring) and K.J. Wright (concussion) both left Sunday's game in the second half and never returned. Wagner is in the midst of another excellent season that has them squarely in the conversation for NFL Defensive Player of the Year, while Wright is a Pro Bowler himself. Not having either or both of those two every-down players would be hard on Seattle's defense in any game. It would be especially significant this Sunday given the matchup against Todd Gurley, who's a factor as a receiver out of the backfield in addition to being the league's third-leading rusher.
Each team's X factor
NFL Playoff Machine See what the latest playoff picture looks like and simulate your own playoff scenarios.
NFL Playoff Machine
Rams: Gurley, who leads the NFL in touchdowns (13) and ranks second in scrimmage yards (1,637). The Rams are 7-0 when Gurley gets more than 20 touches and 2-4 when they don't. They received a season-low 16 on Sunday. That was mainly because the Rams ran only 45 plays, but first-year coach Sean McVay stated that they need to be more conscious of keeping Gurley involved, especially on the ground. The Rams are throwing the ball more often than all but three teams over the past five weeks, even though they're better off when Gurley is the focal point.
Seahawks: Wilson, who's in the MVP discussion largely because of the degree to which they have carried Seattle's offense this season. Wilson has either thrown (29) or rushed (three) for all but one of the Seahawks' 33 offensive touchdowns. He's the team's leading rusher with 482 yards, and their mobility will again be key against a Rams defensive front that has always given Seattle's offensive line trouble. Wilson threw their 16th and 17th fourth-quarter touchdown pass of the season on Sunday, a new NFL record, according to Elias Sports Bureau research. That shows how excellent they have been late in games. As good as Goff has been in their second pro season, you'd have to like Wilson's chances of outplaying them in the fourth quarter if this Sunday's game comes down to the wire again.
Why they'll win the division
Rams: They're a more complete, talented and healthy team at this point. Not to mention they have a one-game advantage heading into the final three weeks. The Rams have lost two of their past four games, but that was to the Eagles and Vikings, two elite teams that they could've beaten. They still rank first in Defense-adjusted Value Over Average and second in point differential. They're efficient on offense, intimidating on defense and dynamic on special teams. Yes, they lost to the Seahawks earlier this year. But the Rams outgained them by 134 yards in that game. They're the better team.
Seahawks: If there's one advantage the Seahawks have over the Rams as each team chases the NFC West crown, it's the fact that they've been here before. Seattle made the playoffs five straight seasons whereas this is unfamiliar territory for the Rams. The Seahawks tend to play their best football this time of the year. Since the start of their playoff run, their 20-6 record in December and January regular-season games is third-best in the NFL (it was first before Sunday's loss). That includes a 12-3 record at CenturyLink Field, where the Seahawks will play two of their final three games.
Why they won't win the division
Rams: Inexperience. Nineteen of the Rams' 22 starters have never been to the playoffs. Meaningful December games are foreign to most of the players they'll count on, which sits in stark contrast with the battle-tested Seahawks team they're competing against. That's important. Take Sunday, when the Rams gave up 102 yards on penalties, several of which extended drives and kept the ball out of their offense's hands. Leading in the fourth quarter, Goff coughed up a fumble deep in their own territory to set up the winning field goal. That can't happen this time of year. The Rams need to learn fast.
Seahawks: They have an ultra-thin margin for error. That's true on the field, where Seattle has already lost three Pro Bowlers on defense (Richard Sherman, Kam Chancellor, Cliff Avril) and could be without two more Sunday depending on what happens with Wagner and Wright this week. It's also true in the standings. If they lose, the only way the Seahawks could still win the division is if they win out and the Rams lose out. Seattle could be favored in each of its final two games, which are at Dallas (7-6) and versus Arizona (6-7), but those still aren't slam dunks. And winning both would be only half the equation. After playing the Titans (8-5) in Nashville in Week 16, the Rams finish the regular season at home versus San Francisco (3-10), a game they are unlikely to lose. The Seahawks need to win Sunday or their chances of claiming the NFC West will be reduced to needing an improbable scenario to come true.
Authored By Sean Phipps
The past few years for me have been pretty tough job-wise, to say the least. I take comfort in knowing that I'm not alone and that times are tough. But I'm also a firm believer in making the most of your situation and never doing something (for longer than necessary, anyway) that you don't want to do. I've been working a composite of several part-time jobs with the occasional burst of full-time employment for years. I've had a number of jobs over the past few years that I didn't think I would have, and they've all helped me, even if it was just to get a few bucks in my pocket until something else came along. Here are a few ways I've found to secure positions and stay sane while your neck-deep in all that mess. List your suggestions below.
Clever correspondence
It's not easy to just email an employer and tell them you'd like to work for their company. Or is it? Everybody is different, and I've found that some people appreciate the directness of a quick email stating exactly your intentions without the BS. However, others like to play the game of stringing you along. I had one employer email me back only after my third try with him. They said that they received my first two messages but was just waiting around to “see if I was serious or not.” So there's that kind of person to deal with, too. I've found the easiest approach to finding someone to help is to send an email without intentions. I like to tell them that I'm “looking for advice” or “seeking some direction.” I usually don't just come out and say I'd like to work for them, but instead I seek their expert opinion on where a guy like me might find some help. It at least gets them to look at your resumé, if only to help send you a few leads. It's a win-win, usually.
Straight talk (network)
I've found the direct approach works the best face-to-face. I remember telling my last employer that I was interested in what they were doing and that I'd like to learn more. We were sitting next to each other at a hockey game at the time. A few weeks later, I was touring the factory and learning about the business. Six months later, I get a phone call and a job. Ultimately, the line of work wasn't for me, but I did all the work to get noticed and subsequently employed. There's no reason this won't work for you too. Get out and meet people. It doesn't matter if you're at a networking event, a coffee shop or a sporting event. The person sitting next to you might be looking for exactly what you have to offer. I keep “business” cards in my wallet at all times. All they say is “Sean Phipps” and then my email and telephone number. If I'm feeling bold, I'll write “guy at hockey game” underneath my name so they'll remember me.
Cut yourself some slack
Being in a job slump isn't necessarily a bad thing. I've learned more about myself over the past few years simply because I've had days and days with nothing to do. The pressure to get a job can lead to hours of disappointment if you constantly dwell on the fact nobody is emailing you back. My advice is to send a few emails, make a few connections on Facebook or LinkedIn, and then call it a day. You can over-exert yourself into a mess of depression and anxiety. Try to take a few deep breaths, cut yourself some slack and not let it get you down. Because if you're not in the right frame of mind when they DO call, then you'll blow the opportunity. I've found that about three hours of intense job searching/networking is all I can handle. I'll spend the rest of my day planning dinner or reading a book. Go hug a puppy or a cat at the local shelter. Teach some kids to read. The world will give you what you need.
Mix it up
With unemployment so high, there just aren't enough salaried, full-time positions for everybody seeking one. That's OK. You just have to get creative. Right now, I consider myself about two-thirds employed. I'm lacking a full-time position, but I make some dough as a ghost tour guide and a regular columnist for Nooga.com. No, it isn't enough money by any stretch, but I have enough to get by. If I add even another part-time position (which I hope to do in the next few weeks), I'll have more than enough to get what I need and even have a little “walking around” money. I still haven't ventured into sales or the service industry, so I think I'm doing OK. I'm slowly realizing, too, that what we do as a living doesn't reflect who we are. It would be a dream of mine to do something I love to do for 60 hours a week. Is it in the cards? Probably not right now.
Know your own “zone”
Everybody has skills that are reflective of their experience in the professional world and life in general. All of those skills are different. But what makes you different also makes you interesting to a potential employer. Here's what I know about myself and what I consider my “zone”: I work well with people on a direct communication level. I'm an excellent listener and can talk anyone's ear off about anything. My knack is taking the hard-to-understand and condensing it to be easily understood. I can also play guitar and make you laugh (sometimes). Combine all of that together, and we reach the same conclusion that was found out in my “career assessment” test in high school: I'm supposed to be a sad circus clown. The reality is that clown college is far more expensive than you think it is.
You can contact Sean Phipps via email and Twitter with comments and questions. The opinions expressed in this column belong solely to the author, not Nooga.com or its employees.
Submitted just seconds before new year in 2012, the bug 'slipped through' – but discovery 'validates' open source
The developer who introduced the "Heartbleed" vulnerability to the open-source code used by thousands of websites has told the Guardian it was an "oversight" – but that its discovery validates the methods used.
Robin Seggelmann, a programmer based in Germany, submitted the code in an update submitted at 11:59pm on New Year's Eve, 2011. It was supposed to enable a function called "Heartbeat" in OpenSSL, the software package used by nearly half of all web servers to enable secure connections.
Their update did enable Heartbeat, but an "oversight" led to an error with major ramifications. But it accidentally created the "Heartbleed" vulnerability, which has been described as a "catastrophic" flaw which laid the contents of thousands of web servers open to hackers.
It has also been discovered in Cisco and Juniper routing gear, which could mean that hackers could capture sensitive data such as passwords passing over the internet.
Seggelmann worked on the OpenSSL project during their PhD studies, from 2008 to 2012, but isn't involved with the project any more.
They told the Guardian that the mistake has nothing to do with its festive datestamp. "The code… was the work of several weeks. It's only a coincidence that it was submitted during the holiday season.
"I am responsible for the error," they continued, "because I wrote the code and missed the necessary validation by an oversight. Unfortunately, this mistake also slipped through the review process and therefore made its way into the released version."
How Heartbleed works
The flaw which actually leaks data in the Heartbleed bug is almost painfully simple.
It relates to a function called Heartbeat which exists in "Transport Layer Security" (TLS), the system used to protect confidential data when surfing the web. Heartbeat is used to keep connections open, even when no data is being shared.
When it works properly, a user's computer sends a Heartbeat packet to the server. The packet simply contains a chunk of random data, and a note saying how much data it's sent; the server receives the packet, and then sends back exactly the same data, confirming that it's listening.
The problem which can be exploited in a Heartbleed attack involves the attacker's computer lying about how much data it has sent: it sends over a single byte of information, but tells the server that it has sent 64KB instead. The server makes a note, and knows that it has to send 64KB back, but doesn't have a full 64KB of data.
What pushes the error into a full-blown catastrophe is that the server then fills the rest of the packet with any other information which its memory at the time.
A computer's memory is where it stores information about the tasks it's working on, and so the data which it pulls into the Heartbleed packet is related to the other queries it's responding to. At Yahoo, that included usernames and passwords of users logging in at the same time; at DuckDuckGo, it was the full text of search queries. The researchers who discovered the bug also say it can include SSL keys, which would let an attacker decrypt conversations captured months before.
Open source
OpenSSL is an open-source project. The software is developed by a small community of engineers, giving their time for little or no reward, and releasing it free of charge to anyone who needs it.
For security software, that model is typically seen as advantageous, because the more people examine a line of code, the more chance there should be of some weakness coming to light. Additionally, it prevents "security by obscurity", whereby the bulk of the protection comes from people not knowing how the security software works – which can result in the whole edifice tumbling down if that confidential information is released or discovered externally.
But the Heartbleed bug apparently managed to go unnoticed for two years. Not only was Seggelmann's error not picked up by the OpenSSL volunteer who incorporated their edits into the codebase, it wasn't spotted by anyone else until this month. Eventually, two separate teams of researchers, from Google and Codenomicon, found it simultaneously.
But Seggelmann defended the process. "I don't see it as a failure of open source," they said. "On the contrary, the publicly accessible code made it possible that the error has been discovered and published. I can only assume that it took so long because it's in a new feature which is not widely used and not a conceptual, but a simple programming error."
Instead, Seggelmann blamed the lack of resources that OpenSSL has to work with. "OpenSSL is definitely under-resourced for its wide distribution. It has millions of users but only very few actually contribute to the project."
• Heartbleed bug: what do you actually need to do to stay secure?
A northern Alberta woman wants Air Canada to issue an apology after their 145-pound lobster shipment from a Newfoundland seafood company arrived a day late, much of it spoiled as a result of the delay.
Jenny Warrick, a well operator from the remote community of Cotillion, located about 175 kilometres north of Grande Prairie, says one quarter of the 100 live lobsters they ordered had gone bad by the time the shipment arrived. The shipment arrived almost 18 hours after the lobster festival they organized ended.
Warrick and their sister, Jackie Panasiuk, say Air Canada's cargo tracking system indicated their shipment reached the Grande Prairie airport around 4 p.m. on Aug. 13.
Once at the airport, Warrick said they were told by an Air Canada representative that the shipment hadn't arrived and “the tracking doesn't always work.”
Panasiuk, who drove from Stony Plain to attend the event, called Air Canada customer support while their sister turned around to head back to the community, empty-handed for the 7 p.m. event.
There were so many things that we could have done to mitigate this, but Air Canada just left us in the dark
On the phone for almost three hours intermittently, Panasiuk said they were treated badly by the agent, who told their severe weather had grounded the flight in Toronto, but couldn't confirm if the shipment would reach Alberta that day.
“There were so many things that we could have done to mitigate this, but Air Canada just left us in the dark,” Panasiuk said of the agent's refusal to move the cargo onto another carrier.
In an email to Postmedia, Air Canada spokesperson Isabelle Arthur said the company cannot transfer shipments to another airline unless it is pre-approved and pre-booked, which “has to be done in advance and cannot be a last minute solution.”
Air Canada also determined cargo agents “did their very best to assist them in getting their shipment as soon as possible” by reviewing phone recordings, Arthur said.
The shipment was grounded in Toronto because of “very bad weather” and was sent on the first available flight the next day, said Arthur adding that a “complex itinerary such as this with connections and subsequent changes makes it challenging to provide real-time tracking information for technical and operational reasons.”
Around 10 a.m. the next day, the seafood arrived in Grande Prairie. The lobsters were quickly cooked up, frozen and distributed to any remaining guests for free.
After adding up the costs, Warrick says they spent more than $3,000 out of pocket and was in the process of refunding ticket money from event.
The sisters submitted a damages claim Wednesday to Air Canada, hoping to at least have their costs reimbursed.
Arthur said it takes up to a week to handle claims and that the company does “regret not having been able to meet” the sisters' expectations.
Although last year's event went off without a hitch, Warrick said they will not be organizing another lobster fest.
“It was stressful all night trying to deal with it,” they said. “I know a lot of the community people will miss it.”
pragma solidity ^0.4.18; /** * ERC 20 token * https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/issues/20 */ interface Token { /// @return total amount of tokens /// function totalSupply() public constant returns (uint256 supply); /// do not declare totalSupply() here, see https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/zeppelin-solidity/issues/434 /// @param _owner The address from which the balance will be retrieved /// @return The balance function balanceOf(address _owner) public constant returns (uint256 balance); /// @notice send `_value` token to `_to` from `msg.sender` /// @param _to The address of the recipient /// @param _value The amount of token to be transferred /// @return Whether the transfer was successful or not function transfer(address _to, uint256 _value) public returns (bool success); /// @notice send `_value` token to `_to` from `_from` on the condition it is approved by `_from` /// @param _from The address of the sender /// @param _to The address of the recipient /// @param _value The amount of token to be transferred /// @return Whether the transfer was successful or not function transferFrom(address _from, address _to, uint256 _value) public returns (bool success); /// @notice `msg.sender` approves `_addr` to spend `_value` tokens /// @param _spender The address of the account able to transfer the tokens /// @param _value The amount of wei to be approved for transfer /// @return Whether the approval was successful or not function approve(address _spender, uint256 _value) public returns (bool success); /// @param _owner The address of the account owning tokens /// @param _spender The address of the account able to transfer the tokens /// @return Amount of remaining tokens allowed to spent function allowance(address _owner, address _spender) public constant returns (uint256 remaining); event Transfer(address indexed _from, address indexed _to, uint256 _value); event Approval(address indexed _owner, address indexed _spender, uint256 _value); } /** @title Publica Pebbles (PBL contract) **/ contract Pebbles is Token { string public constant name = "Pebbles"; string public constant symbol = "PBL"; uint8 public constant decimals = 18; uint256 public constant totalSupply = 33787150 * 10**18; uint public launched = 0; // Time of locking distribution and retiring founder; 0 means not launched address public founder = 0xa99Ab2FcC5DdFd5c1Cbe6C3D760420D2dDb63d99; // Founder's address address public team = 0xe32A4bb42AcE38DcaAa7f23aD94c41dE0334A500; // Team's address address public treasury = 0xc46e5D11754129790B336d62ee90b12479af7cB5; // Treasury address mapping (address => uint256) public balances; mapping (address => mapping (address => uint256)) public allowed; uint256 public balanceTeam = 0; // Actual Team's frozen balance = balanceTeam - withdrawnTeam uint256 public withdrawnTeam = 0; uint256 public balanceTreasury = 0; // Treasury's frozen balance function Pebbles() public { balances[founder] = totalSupply; } function transfer(address _to, uint256 _value) public returns (bool success) { if (balances[msg.sender] < _value) { return false; } balances[msg.sender] -= _value; balances[_to] += _value; Transfer(msg.sender, _to, _value); return true; } function transferFrom(address _from, address _to, uint256 _value) public returns (bool success) { if (balances[_from] < _value || allowed[_from][msg.sender] < _value) { return false; } allowed[_from][msg.sender] -= _value; balances[_from] -= _value; balances[_to] += _value; Transfer(_from, _to, _value); return true; } function balanceOf(address _owner) public constant returns (uint256 balance) { return balances[_owner]; } function approve(address _spender, uint256 _value) public returns (bool success) { allowed[msg.sender][_spender] = _value; Approval(msg.sender, _spender, _value); return true; } function allowance(address _owner, address _spender) public constant returns (uint256 remaining) { return allowed[_owner][_spender]; } /**@dev Launch and retire the founder */ function launch() public { require(msg.sender == founder); launched = block.timestamp; founder = 0x0; } /**@dev Give _value PBLs to balances[team] during 5 years (20% per year) after launch * @param _value Number of PBLs */ function reserveTeam(uint256 _value) public { require(msg.sender == founder); require(balances[founder] >= _value); balances[founder] -= _value; balanceTeam += _value; } /**@dev Give _value PBLs to balances[treasury] after 3 months after launch * @param _value Number of PBLs */ function reserveTreasury(uint256 _value) public { require(msg.sender == founder); require(balances[founder] >= _value); balances[founder] -= _value; balanceTreasury += _value; } /**@dev Unfreeze some tokens for team and treasury, if the time has come */ function withdrawDeferred() public { require(msg.sender == team); require(launched != 0); uint yearsSinceLaunch = (block.timestamp - launched) / 1 years; if (yearsSinceLaunch < 5) { uint256 teamTokensAvailable = balanceTeam / 5 * yearsSinceLaunch; balances[team] += teamTokensAvailable - withdrawnTeam; withdrawnTeam = teamTokensAvailable; } else { balances[team] += balanceTeam - withdrawnTeam; balanceTeam = 0; withdrawnTeam = 0; team = 0x0; } if (block.timestamp - launched >= 90 days) { balances[treasury] += balanceTreasury; balanceTreasury = 0; treasury = 0x0; } } function() public { // no direct purchases revert(); } }
In an interview with Russian Rossiyskaya Gazeta newspaper, the head of Russia's Investigative Committee, Alexander Bastrykin said that concerned governmental agencies in co-operation with the Investigative Committee have proposed to introduce criminal liability for issuing and circulating quasi-money, particularly bitcoin, as reported by RAPSI news.
“Criminal responsibility for the release of or trading in monetary surrogates, which are not considered under the law as a method of payment, has been directed to the interested bodies in cooperation with the Investigative Committee,” Sputnik News quoted Bastrykin said.
They noted that the circulation volume of monetary surrogates in the country has already reached one percent of GDP, Sputnik News reported. If this figure rises by 10 percent or more, Bastrykin warned, cryptocurrencies could become a “real danger” to the financial stability of the state.
“Unchecked expansion of the money supply via surrogate growth will lead to the devaluation and a gradual elimination of the ruble from the currency market. As a result, the state could lose its monopoly on money emission, as well as the income it generates," they said.
Bastrykin added that as the popularity of these money surrogates is growing and they are becoming more competitive than conventional currencies, the market must be restricted in its initial stage itself.
According to recent reports, Russian lawmakers submitted a new draft bill to the country's legislative assembly Duma in December to ban digital currencies such as bitcoin.
Over the past 10 years China has built about 20,000km of high-speed rail connections, 20 urban public transport systems, countless roads and highways, and dozens of new airports.
At a glance this looks like a massive infrastructure boom - and it is. But at a second glance it represents an unprecedented expansion in human freedom.
In the movies, the human freedom to move is blocked by police inspectors, border checks, and walls.
In reality this most basic physical freedom is mostly suppressed by the simple lack of roads. It is hard to move across the country if you have to walk.
In China even poor people can afford to travel long distances to seek work, visit family, or just explore with a reasonable level of comfort and air-conditioning. Mundane to most Westerners, such freedom to move would be a godsend to most Africans or South Asians.
Everyday freedoms such as the freedom to travel have expanded dramatically in China since the turn of the millennium.
The freedoms to move, to shop, to eat, to choose one's field of study, and in general to live one's life as one sees fit are all coming to be ingrained in Chinese popular culture.
To realise how momentous this transition is, think back 40 years to 1970s China. Within that living memory, people had to live where the government said, eat whatever food was served in their work unit canteen and study political slogans above all else.
All of those forms of party-state social control are now gone for good. The Communist Party of China may still pull all the levers of economic and political power, but in the social sphere most Chinese people are freer now than their ancestors had ever been.
If not exactly a golden age for freedom, today's China is perhaps a silver age in the making. And that's a big improvement on the iron age of just a few decades ago.
Protest nation
China is not a free country, and Western NGOs such as Freedom House appropriately give China low marks for freedom. Freedom House gave China one of the lowest possible scores on its Freedom in the World index of political rights and second-lowest for civil liberties.
No doubt China has serious problems, but that's a worse rating than Egypt, which is governed by a military dictatorship that systematically imprisons and kills its opponents.
The freedom of personal choice of everyday activities may not equate to gold standard freedoms like the freedom to advocate the overthrow of the government, but they are probably felt and appreciated by vastly larger numbers of people.
Though China itself may have fitted that description in the years following the 1989 Tiananmen Square massacre, things are certainly much better today. People in China may not be free to call for a new government, but they are at least able to air their grievances with the current one.
In contrast to Egypt, Russia, Turkey, and other high-security states, unsanctioned public protests are actually quite common in China. The government itself is surprisingly frank about this. It even offers some basic statistics on the size and distribution of demonstrations.
Which is not to say that the government quietly accepts public displays of anger. Its reactions are often harshly repressive, especially when public order is threatened.
But then, even in robustly democratic countries like the United States, unruly protesters are often confronted with forceful policing.
Most protests in China are sparked by one of two causes - labour disputes or land disputes. Labour disputes often pit workers against business owners who have not paid wages or are accused of embezzling workers' social security contributions. Land disputes arise when developers harass homeowners to force them to sell cheaply or move out.
In a country where the government has a hand in everything, both land and labour protests can take on anti-government dimensions. By the government's own reckoning, 44 percent of public protests involve complaints about government officials.
OPINION: China's five-year plan fantasy
All this suggests that one of the most fulfilling everyday freedoms, the freedom to complain, is coming to be accepted as a basic human right in China.
The government has even started to integrate the freedom to complain into its system of governance. It increasingly uses public protests as a tool for identifying corruption and other problems.
When people complain, higher-ups take notice: A good official is one who has no complaints. It may not be an ideal way to govern, but it does give ordinary people a voice - however small - in an otherwise alienating political system.
No substitute
The freedom to consume, the freedom to move, and the freedom to complain may not substitute for true political freedom, but they are nonetheless important in themselves.
Most people are never going to run for office, but they are going to wear clothes, eat food, live in homes, work at jobs, and, yes, complain online.
OPINION: Is China changing its policy towards Uighur Muslims?
The freedom of personal choice in these kinds of everyday activities may not equate to gold standard freedoms like the freedom to advocate the overthrow of the government, but they are probably felt and appreciated by vastly larger numbers of people.
Even if the quantity of freedom does not make up for a lack of quality, everyday freedoms do have a big effect on the ways people experience their own societies.
One should not sugar-coat the Chinese regime. The fact is that China relentlessly harasses and even imprisons human rights lawyers and others who inconvenience the party and the government.
But at the same time one should applaud the fact that everyday freedoms are increasing every day in China.
From the standpoint of freedom, the past may look dark and the present dim in China, but the future looks promising and, with a little polishing, maybe even bright.
Salvatore Babones is a comparative sociologist at the University of Sydney.  They are a specialist in global economic structure.
The views expressed in this article are the author's own and do not necessarily reflect Al Jazeera's editorial policy.
Shell ‘Excessive' £4 Million CEO Pay Opposed
94 SHARES Facebook Twitter Whatsapp Linkedin
Two investor advisory firms have recommended Royal Dutch Shell shareholders oppose the CEO's, Ben van Beurden, 2015 remuneration.
Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Ben van Beurden's 2015 compensation has suffered a 8% decline, but still stood at a whopping £4 million last year.
“The ratio of CEO pay compared to average employee pay is 37:1, which is unacceptable”, adviser PIRC said in a report.
Shell ‘Excessive' £4 Million CEO Pay Opposed
Proxy adviser Glass Lewis said in a report that it remains “concerned by the disconnect between bonus payouts and financial performance and the bonus scheme structure more generally”.
As a result, both firms recommended shareholders oppose the remuneration packages in a vote at Shell's annual meeting in The Hague next week.
According to a Shell spokesperson, the company's executive compensation “reflects delivery of our strategy, measured by both short-term and long-term targets. There is a clear alignment between the company's performance and our compensation policies”.
Rise In Shareholders' Opposition To Executive Pay
The recommendation follows a mounting dissatisfaction over compensation amid the current downfall in crude oil prices. In fact, shareholders are becoming increasingly vocal over executive pay amid a time of a hard all in earnings and commodity prices.
Just last month, BP's shareholders voted against CEO Bob Dudley's £15.6 million pay deal for 2015 after the company posted a record annual loss.
Van Beurden's total package for 2015 was of 5.567 million euros (£4.35 million), including pension and tax equalisation.
The CEO's compensation suffered a decline, from 24.198 million euros (£18.8 million) in the previous year, mainly due to a significant fall in their pension, positively affected in 2014 by the promotion to CEO.
By Duncan Geere, Wired UK
It's a amateur hour on the bridge of the HMSS Wired. We're careening toward an interstellar minefield at warp 3, our chief engineer has accidentally diverted all the energy to the photon torpedoes so we've got no power for the main viewscreen, and our science officer has popped off to the loo just as we pass through an unexplored nebula that could be full of enemy cruisers. It's not going well.
We're playing Artemis: Spaceship Bridge Simulator, an independently developed videogame that asks you to assemble a crew of between three and six people and defend a sector of space from attack by alien hordes. It's a whole lot like being on the bridge of the starship Enterprise, but without any of the thorny intellectual property issues that would cause.
Each player is assigned a role – helmsman, weapons, communications, engineering or science – and equipped with a laptop. Everyone except the captain, that is, who instead dishes out orders to the rest of the crew. Orders like, "Set a bearing of 320 degrees, warp 3. Engage" or "Open a channel to the enemy vessel; ask them to surrender." If that doesn't get you even a little bit excited, then Artemis really isn't for you. This is geekery of the highest order, but it's a whole heap of fun.
None of the jobs is particularly difficult, but the trick comes in getting people to successfully communicate. It's about giving each person a few, fairly specialized tasks, and it's crucial that none of them messes up. Artemis is actually a game about social interaction – about getting five of your friends in a room and asking them to do exactly what you say.
If one of your crewmen does do something wrong – your chief engineer forgets to inform you that you're running low on energy, for example, or your tactical officer forgets to raise shields as you go into a fight – then it all falls apart very quickly. In many ways the captain has the hardest job – balancing the information being shouted at them by five other people and then deciding how best to proceed.
Some of the roles are more important than others. The helmsman will be constantly adjusting course and switching in and out of warp, even during combat. The communications officer, however, only gets to sit back, monitor radio traffic from enemy ships (indicating damage taken) and occasionally press the "Ask for surrender" button. Science is a little dull, too: Performing sensor sweeps and keeping an eye on the big picture is probably more suited to your less-committed crewmen.
Of all the roles, only helm and weapons are required to play, so you can get going with just three laptops that are on the same network. If you're just playing with that, then the game is free – there's a demo version that can be downloaded from the Artemis website with a limit on the player number.
For best results, though, you're going to want to hook up a projector to the main computer, and get a full complement of five friends to bring along their laptops. For that, you'll need the full version of the game, which costs $60. That might seem like a lot, but split between three people it's just $20 apiece, and comes with a license for six people to use it. Between a full six people, it's just $10 each.
The best thing about Artemis is that you'll come out of it with stories to tell. There'll be the time when your helmsman skims through a gap between two minefields at warp 3 by the skin of their teeth. There'll be the time when your engineer forgot to divert any power to maneuvering and you weren't able to turn, and couldn't work out why. There'll be the time when you hid in a nebula until an enemy fleet passed, and then ambushed them with photon torpedoes while their rear shields were down.
Despite that, Artemis does feel a little sparse in places, which is probably because it's still very much in development. The enemy ships don't seem to have much AI, and will just make a beeline for the nearest target, then sit there shooting it when they arrive. If you can circle out of their weapons' arcs, it's possible to keep spinning in place with a weapons lock and they'll spin harmlessly around you. The enemy also don't seem to have a science officer of their own, as they regularly run straight into minefields, blowing themselves up.
Bridge-to-bridge combat between different groups of players is due in an upcoming patch, and that will undoubtedly make things a lot more interesting. A really nice implementation of that could be to make the vessel you pilot the flagship of a small fleet, tasking the communications officer with relaying orders to a group of AI captains, ordering them around.
There are one or two bugs, too. We had a little difficulty getting things working, though nothing that a bit of tinkering with settings couldn't fix. Top tip – if you're having difficulty with crashes after you put in an IP address on Windows 7, try right-clicking the game icon and selecting "Run as Administrator." Also, if you can't connect, then alt-tab on the server and make sure that Windows hasn't popped up a firewall exception dialog in the background.
Overall, Artemis: Spaceship Bridge Simulator is ridiculously good fun. It's well-balanced, challenging without being too hard, and games can be run through quickly enough that everyone will get a chance to take on different roles. The HMSS Wired flew for about four hours solidly, and none of the crew members wanted to stop at the end. We'll definitely be exploring the final frontier again in the future.
See Also:
"It is an important thing for Mongolia as a whole. I think the reaction and the commitment you are seeing from the Mongolian government over the last two weeks to repeal this tax, it shows its firm commitment to really get the foreign investments going and particularly that is very much settled on the mineral exploration and the mining industry in Mongolia", Stewart said.
Stewart told CNBC that Xanadu's flagship Kharmagtai project, located 120km south of Oyu Tolgoi, demonstrates that Mongolia offers increasingly favorable odds for discovering significant copper and gold deposits when compared to mature mining jurisdictions such as Australia and Canada.
Minister of Mining and Heavy Industry Ts. Dashdorj was said to have remarked that the landlocked country bordering China and Russia and among the top 20 countries by landmass needs to take the step to resolve economic woes that go back several years. IMF data shows that the economy only grew 1 percent in 2016 from 2.4 percent in 2015.
Given that mining accounts for around a quarter of GDP and more than 80 percent of exports in Mongolia, by increasing mining exploration, Mongolia could potentially raise GDP and economic security.
Stewart said they feel that encouraging exploration is critical to establishing a healthy mining industry and great discoveries are often made when there are structural changes in the industry.
The 2017 Asian Development Outlook report by Asian Development Bank stated that Mongolia's growth will accelerate this year on large mining investments. Growth is forecast to accelerate to 2.5 percent this year but moderate slightly to 2.0 percent in 2018 on the base effect of the surge in coal production in 2017.
This is based on the assumption that investment in the second phase of Oyu Tolgoi mine will rise from $200 million last year to $1 billion in 2017 and $1.2 billion in 2018.
The Vista City Council may soon consider bringing a disc golf course to the city after an advisory board last week backed a proposal from some of the burgeoning sports' enthusiasts.
Representatives of Kinetic Disc Golf, which wants to grow Frisbee golf into a nationally recognized sport, and the San Diego Aces Disc Golf Club submitted information to the Vista Parks and Recreation Commission, which met Monday, on why disc golf would be a good fit in the city.
The organizations said they would build the course at Brengle Terrace Park at no cost to the city.
San Diego Aces President Ryan Meyer, whose organization built the Escondido Rotary Club Disc Golf Course at Kit Carson Park in Escondido, said the groups plan to raise money through community groups such as the Kiwanis Club.
“It's something every one of these North County cities need,” Meyer said. “Anyone with $6 can play this game,” they said referring to the cost of a disc. “Families can play it — if you've got a 5-year-old, they can play it just fine.”
Greens fees are relatively inexpensive, often about $5, the proposal said, and the specialized discs can be purchased for less than $10. Meyer said a course at Brengle Terrace would likely be free to play.
Enthusiasts often come to the disc golf course equipped with a quiver of Frisbees of varying weight and stiffness, much like how a traditional golfer carries a driver, assorted irons, wedges and a putter.
The course could be up to 18 par 3 and par 4 holes, some as long as 1,000 feet. A long hole in Frisbee golf is about 1,300 feet, said Kinetic Disc Golf President TJ Cruz. The total course length would likely be 5,500 to 6,000 feet. Cruz said the group plans to plant trees, if allowed, to create features such as doglegs and a safety barrier between disc golfers and other park users.
Cruz and business partner Courtney McSherry moved back to the region from Lake Tahoe about a year ago, and saw that San Diego wasn't keeping up with the disc golf trend.
“It just didn't make sense,” Cruz said. “We have the best weather and the best opportunity to play year-round disc golf.”
Other North County disc golf courses are at Center City Golf Course in Oceanside; the Cal State San Marcos campus; Montiel Park and Sunset Park in San Marcos; and Kit Carson Park in Escondido.
The City Council is expected to consider the proposal sometime after Jan. 1, said city spokesperson Andrea McCullough.
Three-year, 80-proof Pikesville Rye whiskey, the white-labeled "aristocrat of straight whiskeys" that has been a go-to cheap bottle for Baltimoreans for decades, has been discontinued.
Josh Hafer, a communications manager for Heaven Hill Brands, the privately held Kentucky-based distiller that has produced Pikesville since the '80s and counts popular brands Evan Williams and Rittenhouse in its portfolio, confirmed the news to City Paper.
But the Pikesville name is not going away altogether. Heaven Hill will continue to produce a six-year, 110-proof Pikesville Rye, which it introduced more than year ago. That bottle, however, is a bit more expensive than its three-year counterpart, at a price of about $40.
Production on the three-year version has already ceased. Hafer said there's still plenty finished product at the distributor Southern Glazer's Wine and Spirits.
"They'll roll through those orders," said Hafer. "At some point in time they'll run out. But it's a reasonably large amount."
As orders for the six-year have gone up, numbers have declined for the three-year. The higher proof of the six-year makes it better for cocktails, Hafer says, and it gained a considerable amount of notoriety when noted whiskey writer Jim Murray ranked it the no. 2 whiskey in the world in the 2016 version of their annual Whisky Bible.
"Frankly, the popularity of one puts strains on the other," Hafer said.
On top of that, over the last decade, Heaven Hill only sold three-year Pikesville in Kentucky, Maryland, and parts of Delaware, whereas the six-year is available throughout most of the U.S.
According to Heaven Hill's site, Pikesville was first produced in Maryland in the 1890s and re-emerged in 1936, after Prohibition, to be one of the last standard bearers of Maryland-style rye whiskey.
"We get to maintain the lineage of Pikesville with the six-year, 110-proof," Hafer said, "but unfortunately the white label goes away."
.......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........
SANTA FE, N.M. — The contraption they built looks a little like something you might see from “The Nutty Professor.”
But Marvin Rowe is no nut. That machine they built, and what it's used for, helped Rowe win the prestigious Fryxell Award for Interdisciplinary Research from the Society of American Archeology two years ago.
ADVERTISEMENTSkip
“We call the process Low Energy Plasma Radiocarbon Sampling,” said New Mexico's state archeologist Eric Blinman, who credits Rowe with inventing the process. “But a lot of people just refer to this as ‘Marvin's Machine.'”
The process is important because, unlike other methods of radiocarbon dating that destroy the sample being tested, LEPRS preserves it. It also works on tiny samples – even a flake of ink or paint – and is considered a more accurate means of dating.
“With standard radiocarbon dating, there's a risk of contamination of carbonates. They have to use acids and, within that process, you lose a large part of your sample and you destroy it,” Blinman explained. “But we now have the ability to date incredibly small amounts of carbon – 40-100 millionths of a gram – and that is the real revolutionary aspect of this. And the ancillary part of that it is non-destructive.”
That's important to Nancy Akins, a research associate with the Office of Archaeological Studies, who in February was having a bison tooth and sheep bone tested by “Marvin's Machine.” The items were excavated from the site of a rock shelter in Coyote Canyon north of Mora.
“It could be 500 years old or it could be 5,000 years old,” they said of the bison tooth, the result allowing them to complete their report of the site that she's determined to have been used by humans as a hunting outpost starting 1,700 years ago.
“I'm just waiting on the dates, because it'll change everything if we get dates where I can actually say, ‘OK, that's what the sheep bones date to and that's what the bison dates to.' It tells us an awful lot about how they were using the land on the east side of the Sangre de Cristos.”
Because a lot of that part of New Mexico is private property or under land grants, such finds as the one in Coyote Canyon are rare, they said.
“Unless there's a road or something, we don't have any information at all. This is one of the very, very few sites in Mora County that have been excavated,” they said of the site reported by the state Department of Transportation.
And when they get their answers and completes their report, she'll still have the bison tooth and sheep bone.
One of a kind
Rowe won their Fryxell Award “based in their prominent role in developing methods for rock art dating and minimally-destructive dating of fragile organic artifacts,” as well as their scientific analysis, scholarship and student training, according to the SAA website.
The achievement has been decades in the making. Rowe and two colleagues at Texas A&M's Department of Chemistry built the first plasma dating machine in 1990 while exploring ways to extract organic carbon from pictograph samples.
ADVERTISEMENTSkip
“Other people have been successful dating charcoal paintings,” Rowe explained. “But, in the United States at least, most of the paintings are not charcoal. Most of them that I've encountered are inorganic pigments and that's where the importance of the small sample comes in.”
Blinman adds that, under the best of circumstances, standard radiocarbon dating requires 30 milligrams of carbon. Rock art pigments don't have that much carbon in them. But “Marvin's Machine” can date material 100 millionths of a gram or less.
Blinman said the process's capability to date very small samples would allow, for instance, determination of the age of the ink on a Chinese text written on bamboo. “The people who will fake texts can get their hands on old bamboo,” they said. Normal carbon-dating can't date the ink because it requires too large a sample. “We can flake off a piece” and date it, Blinman said. “If the ink is old, then it's real.”
Rowe is probably the world's foremost authority on radiocarbon rock art dating. They say much of what they learned was by trial and error. In fact, the first machine they and their Texas A&M colleagues built caught fire and was destroyed.
Currently, there are only three LEPRS machines in existence – one in Michigan and one in Arkansas, both procured by former students of Rowe – but the one at the lab located at the New Mexico Office of Archeological Studies off N.M. 599 in south Santa Fe is the most sophisticated.
“Marvin has learned so much from the previous two (machines) about their construction and their use that when we offered them space and the opportunity to build one here, it was sort of like they were able to do all the things they sort of wanted to do, but couldn't under the circumstances of the research at Texas A&M,” said Blinman.
ADVERTISEMENTSkip
Using plasma to scrub artifacts
Traditional carbon dating estimates age based on content of carbon-14 (C-14), a naturally occurring, radioactive form of carbon, and requires destruction of an object. A piece of an organic object – a bone fragment or weaving, for example – is washed with acid at high temperature to remove impurities and then burned in a chamber.
The carbon dioxide gas produced is run through an accelerator mass spectrometer, which measures the decay of radioactive carbon 14 – the more the carbon 14 has decayed, the older the object is. Comparisons are also made with the amounts of C-14 expected to have existed in the atmosphere in the past.
Blinman explained that Rowe's alternative process is based on plasmas – ionized gas made up of groups of positively and negatively charged particles, and one of the four fundamental states of matter, alongside solid, liquid and gas. Plasmas are used in television displays and in florescent lights, which use electricity to excite gas and create glowing plasma.
In Rowe's non-destructive method, an entire artifact goes into in a vacuum chamber with a plasma. The gas gently scrubs or oxidizes the surface of the object to produce carbon dioxide – CO2 – for the C-14 analysis, without damaging the artifact.
“We can energize the plasmas so that they are really hot, but we can also tune them down so they are extremely gentle,” Blinman said as Rowe and their crew fired up their machine to test the bison tooth and sheep bone.
ADVERTISEMENTSkip
They showed a picture of a turkey feather that had been tested and hardly looks ruffled. “The experience of the artifact is no different than your body temperature or, the worst case, Phoenix on a summer day,” they said.
The plasmas in Rowe's machine are generated with radio frequencies, rather than electricity, and work like a cleaning agent to scrub off the CO2.
“We have to use the ultra pure gases because any contamination from modern, atmospheric CO2 is going to screw up the data. So they have bled off high-purity oxygen into a reservoir that we will then tap as we generate plasmas,” Blinman said.
And what's unique about “Marvin's Machine” is that it has five chambers, so multiple samples can be tested at once. “That helps our efficiency somewhat,” Rowe said. “To my knowledge, nobody has gotten more than one plasma running at one time.”
The Archaeology Institute of America's Archaeology magazine named Rowe's non-destructive dating method one of the Top 10 discoveries of 2010. It noted that they have refined the method to work on objects coated in sticky hydrocarbons, such as the resins that cover Egyptian mummy gauze.
ADVERTISEMENTSkip
“Archaeologists, meanwhile, are hailing the discovery as one of the most important in decades, particularly for issues surrounding the repatriation of human remains from Native American burials, which modern tribes don't want to see harmed,” said the magazine.
Answers raise other questions
Fast forward a few months from Rowe's demonstration for the Journal and the results are in. Blinman explains that, after the samples went through “Marvin's Machine,” the results were sent to a lab in Zurich, Switzerland, for analysis.
“There are very few radiocarbon labs that will direct date carbon dioxide gas,” they said. “Other labs would turn it into graphite and that could add potential error to the system.”
The bottom line is that the bison tooth is most likely from between 530 and 685 AD, with 650 AD considered the mean average.
“It's one of the earlier dates we have from that site,” said Akins, who now has most of the answers they need to complete their report on the Coyote Canyon rock shelter. But it doesn't answer all the questions.
What's curious, they said, was that there's bison tooth found there at all. The location is not a spot where buffalo would roam, so it was most likely brought there.
ADVERTISEMENTSkip
But why? If it were carried in as food supply, why weren't there more buffalo bones found there? And why bring the head, from which little meat can be extracted?
“Ceremonialism is a pretty strong thing,” they said, purely speculating it could have been used for ceremonial purposes. They noted that deer heads have been found in kivas that date to later times.
And who brought it there in the first place?
“That's a good question,” Akins said. “Back that early, we just don't know.”
It could have been early Tewa people or nomadic groups coming in from the plains to escape the heat, they said, “but there's no way of knowing. That is early, we don't put a label on it.”
The date returned on the sheep bone was a disappointment. It most likely is from the 1930s.
ADVERTISEMENTSkip
“What we were looking for there was something from the late 1800s or early 1900s,” they said.
The results suggest that people were still herding sheep in the area in the 1930s, “but sheep herders probably didn't eat their own sheep,” they said.
“Marvin's Machine” and the Low Energy Plasma Radiocarbon Sampling process doesn't answer every question and sometimes raises more questions. But it can bring us closer to understanding our past.
“If you don't really care about ordering history, you don't care about dating,” Blinman said. “But if you want to order history, or you want to establish big-picture views about climate change and the extinction of Ice Age mammals and fauna, then this is one of the best tools we have available to us.”
The decline in desktop PC sales is beginning to ripple throughout the industry, as Intel has revealed plans to wind down its desktop motherboard division over the next three years. According to AnandTech, the company will release boards that are based on the Haswell architecture before completely suspending development. Moving forward, Intel will instead focus its efforts on creating form factor reference designs for the Ultrabook, tablet and desktop markets. Curiously, one product that's currently immune from the announcement is the Next Unit of Computing (NUC), a miniature barebones system that will see continual development from Intel. While custom PC builders will likely take a moment to reflect upon the news, it's said that the transition is unlikely to affect the company's workforce. Instead, current employees will be absorbed into other divisions within Intel. After all, there's no point in showing talented engineers to the door, even in an age of market shifts.
[Image credit: huangjiahui, Flickr]
The ALS Association says money raised by viral charity challenge, dismissed as ‘slacktivism' by many, has helped identify a new gene associated with the disease
It is often easy to dismiss viral charity campaigns as “slacktivism”, which lacks in real-world impact (we never did catch the warlord Joseph Kony, after all) but a breakthrough discovery bankrolled by 2014's ALS ice bucket challenge may give the lie to that cynicism.
The ice bucket challenge was a phenomenon in the summer of 2014 in which people dunked a bucket of iced water over their heads in order to solicit donations before nominating others to do the same.
How the ice bucket challenge led to an ALS research breakthrough Read more
Scores of celebrities including Mark Zuckerberg, Anna Wintour, Tom Cruise, Charlie Sheen, Robert Downey Jr and hundreds more made videos, but the campaign was criticised by some.
Slate wrote that “for most of the people posting ice bucket videos of themselves on Facebook, Vine, and Instagram, the charity part remains a postscript”, while Time called it “problematic in almost every way”, going on to say that “most of its participants ... didn't mention the disease at all. The chance to jump on the latest trend was an end in itself. In fact, the challenge's structure seems almost inherently offensive to those touched by ALS.”
But the proof of the pudding was in the eating: the campaign raised more than $100m in a 30-day period, and was able to fully fund a number of research projects.
One of these was Project MinE, a large data-driven initiative funded by the ALS Association through ice bucket challenge donations, as well as donations from the organization's Georgia and New York chapters. The project's researchers announced on Monday that they have identified a new gene associated with the disease, which experts say could lead to new treatment possibilities.
'I don't like to sugarcoat anything': Gleason shows reality of living with ALS Read more
Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis, also known ALS or Lou Gehrig's Disease, is a neurological disorder in which the motor neurons that control muscle function slowly die. The disease can be either sporadic or inherited, and in either case there is currently no cure.
“It's very exciting because it shows everyone who contributed to the ice bucket challenge that their donation had an impact on the research,” said Brian Frederick, executive vice-president of communications and development at the ALS Association. “The work that Project MinE is doing is really important, and the discovery of this new gene will help us better understand ALS.”
The newly discovered gene, NEK1, is only associated with 3% of ALS cases, but it is present in both inherited and sporadic forms of the disease, which researchers say gives them a new target for the development of possible treatments.
Project MinE has been working to sequence the genomes of 15,000 people with the disease, and the discovery, which was described in a paper published on Monday in the journal Nature Genetics, involved more than 80 researchers in 11 countries.
The discovery was significant, Frederick said, “because it helps us understand what's triggering this and can help us better find a treatment,” though they added that “it's still very early in our understanding of this particular gene, and we still have a ways to go with understanding ALS generally.”
Tussles broke out at the Western Wall Wednesday morning, during the first of a series of events planned by liberal Jewish groups for the day in protest of the ongoing restrictions on non-Orthodox worship at the foot of Judaism's holiest site.
Video footage appeared to show at least 100 people joining the march and prayer service. The Israeli Reform movement said in a press release that “dozens” of Torah scrolls were carried into the women's section.
The prayer and protest came, as always, at the start of the new month on the Hebrew calendar, a day after Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu urged liberal Jewish movements to refrain from voicing protest over the enduring status quo on worship at the Western Wall.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Video on social media showed scuffles Wednesday as some ultra-Orthodox onlookers and Western Wall officials lunged for the Torah scrolls carried by the protesters and attempted to physically bar them from entering the prayer area.
עימותים אלימים בכותל המערבי pic.twitter.com/19VoNP4dXn — יקי אדמקר (@YakiAdamker) November 2, 2016
Police attempted to separate the groups, but did not interfere either with the pluralistic protest or with Western Wall staffers' and ultra-Orthodox worshipers' attempts to hinder them. Eyewitnesses said officers hovered close by, ready to intervene if the scuffles escalated.
Amid the shoving, each side railed at the other's focus on the sacred scrolls.
“Are you crazy? That's a Torah scroll!” one pluralistic marcher shouted at an ultra-Orthodox protester who attempted to grab a scroll and prevent its entry into the women's section.
https://twitter.com/EylonALevy/status/793699721638506496
Anat Hoffman, chair of Women of the Wall, a group campaigning for pluralistic prayer services at the holy site, was elated at their group's success at holding its morning prayers at the Wall.
“I feel this day is Simhat Torah, a little late,” they told Israel Radio. Simhat Torah is a holiday that celebrates the completion of the annual cycle of Torah readings. It fell on October 24 this year.
“For the first time in history,” Hoffman added, “a Torah scroll is in the women's section. It's a historic day. Every day, women should be allowed to read from the Torah if they're interested. And at bat mitzvot. The time has come.”
Leaders of the Reform and Conservative movements also took part in the march.
“The Western Wall won't be the same Wall after today,” vowed Rabbi Gilad Kariv, head of the Reform movement in Israel. “For the first time, women and men, Reform and Conservative Jews, secular and Orthodox, demand their right to enter the Western Wall. Today we liberated the Western Wall from the control of ultra-Orthodox. The ultra-Orthodox parties won't decide for the rest of the Jewish people how to pray… We won't acquiesce any longer to discrimination, to incitement, or to the the Israeli government's shameful surrender to a small and aggressive minority.”
They insisted: “If the Israeli government doesn't implement the compromise framework, we, together with the world's Jews, will return the Western Wall to the hands of the entire Jewish people.”
A day earlier, Netanyahu insisted that a solution that would satisfy non-Orthodox Jews was more likely to be achieved through quiet negotiations than vocal protests.
But pluralistic groups remain unconvinced. They are protesting the non-implementation of a compromise, passed in a January 31 cabinet decision, calling for a permanent prayer platform to be built along the southern end of the Western Wall in part of the Davidson Archaeological Park, otherwise known as Robinson's Arch. There is currently a temporary prayer platform set up there in two distinct areas of the park.
In their comments to Jewish Agency's Board of Governors, which is currently convening in Israel, on Tuesday, Netanyahu said: “We are one people and we have one Wall. Yes, it's our Wall. And we have problems with the Wall now, but we're working on it. The less we work on it publicly, the more likely we are to arrive at a solution.”
“The last thing we need now to resolve this sensitive issue — while the world is saying that we have nothing, no patrimony there, at a place that has been our spiritual center for over 3,000 years — the last thing we need now is more friction,” the prime minister said, referring to two UNESCO resolutions that ignore Jewish ties to the Temple Mount and the Western Wall in Jerusalem.
Hoffman on Tuesday called on Netanyahu to implement the compromise, saying: “We anticipate that the sight of hundreds of Jews prevented from reaching the Western Wall will move the prime minister to action.  They are a hair's breadth away from a historic solution to the conflict at the Western Wall. It's mind-boggling that Mr. Netanyahu, who decries any international attempt to delegitimize our historic ties to the Western Wall, stands between world Jewry and an equitable arrangement guaranteeing every Jew the right to pray freely.”
When it was approved in January, the compromise plan was heralded as a symbol of “Jewish unity” throughout most of the Jewish Diaspora. But within days of its jubilant announcement the cabinet decision drew the ire of the ultra-Orthodox parties in Netanyahu's tenuous coalition, which view the Western Wall plaza as an open-air Orthodox synagogue. Its implementation has been on ice ever since. In March, Interior Minister Aryeh Deri, head of the ultra-Orthodox Shas party, has reportedly said the Western Wall plan “is over.”
There was no immediate statement Wednesday from the Western Wall Heritage Foundation, which runs the site, or from ultra-Orthodox lawmakers who have fought against the compromise plan.
Snowboarding and skiing in October might sound a little too late in the season to be considering a powder adventure in the southern hemisphere, but believe us, it is not, and 2015 will go down as being one of the best to date. The spring storms that are currently hitting the central and southern Andes are providing some pretty impressive fresh, deep dumps.
In the past 48 hours, Valle Nevado, just a couple of hours from Santiago, has received a pretty impressive accumulation, locals are claiming 60-70 cm (over 2 feet)! El Colorado, located in the same area, had already closed for the season, but has since reopened due to the deep conditions and local demand. More snow is expected in the 3 Valley's for the 19th and 20th of October.
While Portillo is closed for the 2015 ski season, they still have plenty of snow and the road to the ski resort (Chile and Argentina's main international pass) has just re-opened after being closed for several days due to the large October snow storm. Corralco, located close to Temuco. approx 680 km south of Santiago was the first ski resort to open this year and is now loving every second of the southern tail of that same storm that is currently dumping those lovely drifts on the Santiago ski resorts. Corralco will most likely remain open into November.
In reality, locals know that October can be a great month for skiing down here, provided the weather is in your favor. As a rule, the longer daylight hours and spring days offer those bright crisp conditions where the cyan sky contrasts heavily with the pink tinged snow and the raspness of the cold air takes your breath away.
These persistent storms have been generated by the El Niño phenomenon. Everyone has heard of it but what in reality is it, and why does El Niño create great ski conditions in Chile, even in October?
Named after the Spanish word for “The Boy”; which refers to Jesus as the phenomenon is usually noted around Christmas time; El Niño has been scientifically defined as the unusual warming of the Pacific off the west coast of South America of more than 0.5 degrees Celsius for three consecutive months from the equator towards the central Pacific ocean. A brilliantly scientific explanation basically meaning when the Pacific warms up due to various other climatic coincidences, southern South America gets loads of rain. This can of course cause havoc for agriculture and often results in flash floods and other not so nice natural events, but the flip side is that for skiers it means an abundance of snow, and a lot of it! Unfortunately El Niño is not always predictable, though it does follow kind of a pattern with the biggest climatic changes appearing every 7 years.
Best places for snowboarding and skiing in October
Due to these uncertain conditions, those venturing for further afield might not consider October skiing as an option because the quality of the snow falls could go either way. However, if you are looking for backcountry touring and ski mountaineering opportunities then October is traditionally one of the best months. The volcanoes in southern Chile have fantastic hidden gems of runs as well as stunning panoramas which can be enjoyed for longer as springtime approaches lengthening the days.
These current outstanding conditions for the ski resorts located in the southern Andes means they could easily stay open until much later… but most have already closed simply due to lack of demand from local skiers. Corralco, close to Temuco, is however clocking up impressive visitor numbers this season with 75.000 visitors to date and 124 continuous open days since early July. This latter stat is better than Chillán slightly to the north and with Corralco being the only remaining ski resort open daily in the far south their competitive edge this year is enviable! If you are looking for the best place to ski in October, this one is hard to beat. Note: Antillanca ski resort East of Osorno will be open this weekend, October 17 and 18 due to solid conditions, and local demand from nearby towns.
Among the options for early October ski destinations, Argentine resorts such as Las Leñas, Chapelco and Cerro Catedral are also on the cards. All enjoyed an extended season too with most not closing down until the first week of October. This again was mainly due to lack of demand from the local ski market rather than poor snow conditions.
So, if you are searching for where you can ski in October then the options offered by these southern hemisphere resorts are definitely worth considering. If you prefer to join a guide rather than skiing solo then check out this link to PowderQuest's backcountry touring trip or contact us here for more information.
Well, this was predictable. Per Talking Points Memo:
Roger Pielke Jr. said Monday that they left FiveThirtyEight, ending a short-lived but turbulent stint with the site launched by Nate Silver earlier this year.
Pielke, a professor of environmental studies at the University of Colorado, told Discover Magazine that after editors at the site “showed some reluctance” in publishing their work, they told FiveThirtyEight managing editor Mike Wilson that “it was probably best that we part ways.” Pielke's time at FiveThirtyEight got off to a stormy start shortly after the site went live in March. In their first piece for the site, Pielke wrote that the increased cost of natural disasters is not the result of climate change — a premise that was heavily criticized. Pielke wrote a follow-up to that article two days later, and Silver commissioned a rebuttal the following week. But Pielke only wrote three more piecesfor the site after that, all of which focused on sports and not climate.
The viciousness with which the Left will turn on its own if they step even slightly out of line really is something to behold. As I noted earlier in the year, Pielke's hiring was met with a full-on freakout:
“Disinformer!” the Daily Kos screamed. “One of the country's leading tricksters on climate change,” charged the Huffington Post. “Inaccurate and misleading,” was ThinkProgress's measured verdict. Even that doyen of professionalism and sworn enemy of hyperbole, Michael Mann, weighed in, knocking their foe for their “pattern of sloppiness.” The pile-on was as predictable as it was unjust. At root, Pielke's biggest crimes are to have walked at slightly different pace than their peers and to have refused to bow to the president. Pielke accepts the IPCC's view of the climate-change question but suggests in parallel that man's response is unlikely to have a “perceptible impact on the climate for many decades” and that civilization should thus adapt to, rather than attempt to prevent, change. Elsewhere, Pielke has corrected Barack Obama's “science czar,” John Holdren, who has recently taken to claiming that everything under the sun is the product of global warming — droughts, hurricanes, wildfires — and who never misses a chance, in Pielke's words, to “[exaggerate] the state of scientific understanding.” For this unconscionable resistance to fashion, Silver and their hire were marked for destruction.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Later, they would fall foul of Michael Mann. Per TPM:
The fallout was compounded after two climate scientists who criticized the article, Michael Mann and Kevin Trenberth, came forward citing emails Pielke sent them. “Once again, I am formally asking you for a public correction and apology,” Pielke wrote to Trenberth in an email, which was shared with the Huffington Post in March. “If that is not forthcoming I will be pursuing this further. More generally, in the future how about we agree to disagree over scientific topics like gentlemen?” Pielke called the criticism “pretty coarse and perhaps even libelous” in their email to Trenberth, and they used similar language in their email to Mann. “I see you quoted in the media characterizing my work, and in light of your ongoing lawsuit related to libel, I want to make sure that you have been quoted correctly,” Pielke said in the email, which was provided to TPM by Mann. Pielke went on to cite three instances in which they claimed Mann engaged in “false and potentially libelous smears.”
In an interview with Discover Magazine, published yesterday, Pielke was resolute, suggesting that Nate Silver should have shown more “editorial backbone” and explaining that they could not fulfill their role if was expected to self-censor. “Seeing a campaign organized to have me fired from 538 also taught me a lesson about the importance of academic tenure,” they told Keith Kloor. Moreover:
If a widely published academic cannot publish on a subject which they have dozens of peer-reviewed papers and 1000s of citations to their work, what can they write on? Clearly Nate is a smart guy, and I suspect that they know very well where the evidence lies on this topic. For me, if the price of playing in the DC-NYC data journalism world is self-censorship for fear of being unpopular, then it is clearly not a good fit for any academic policy scholar.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Worst of all, Pielke argued, was the manner in which respected academics and journalists piled on. While the vitriol that was pushed their way, they said, was “a pretty strong indication that (a) your arguments matter and (b) people have a hard time countering them on their merits,” they were surprised to see the likes of Paul Krugman and John Holdren jumping in. “That they make such false claims with apparently no consequences says something about the nature of debate surrounding climate.” Indeed it does. But does it really matter? Ultimately, Krugman, Holdren, and all of the other sordid little conductors of the hive-minded mob got exactly what they wanted – ensuring in the process that the next editor who thinks it might be fun to include someone heteredox on their team will quickly see their outlet condemned in toto. Another win for the machine.
On December 20, Nintendo will activate the Wii U's Nintendo TVii functionality, which opens up entertainment programming on the new console and its GamePad device.
While it was originally slated to launch with the Wii U console, Nintendo TVii is beating the Christmas holiday with a Dec. 20 activation in the United States and Canada. The service will support cable and satellite providers in both regions, and direct integration with Amazon Instant Video and Hulu Plus subscriptions in the United States.
Further integration with Netflix subscriptions and TiVo are expected in early 2013 in the United States. Wii U owners with a Netflix subscription can still access the Netflix application from the Wii U system's main menu and enjoy their favorite content accordingly.
PHOTOS: Film and TV Actors Who've Starred in Video Games
Scott Moffitt, executive vice president of sales and marketing, explains why Nintendo is investing in entertainment for today's multi-screen gamers in this exclusive interview.
The Hollywood Reporter: Why did Nintendo decide to embrace more entertainment functionality with the Wii U?
Scott Moffitt: It goes back to the strategy with Wii U. We want it to be an everyday device that's in the center of the living room. One thing that everyone does every day is entertained themselves with a variety of experiences beyond just gaming; including TV and video chat. And all those things are important for daily usage for a device like this.
THR: Can you explain how Nintendo TVii works?
Moffitt: Nintendo TVii works with your cable system, so we're not asking anyone to cut the cord. It works with all your video services that you might have like Netflix, Hulu Plus, or any other services you may subscribe to. It will also work with your DVR and anything you might have recorded, or live TV that you get through your cable system. Netflix and TiVo will be available in early 2013.
It scans all of those services and provides entertainment that you want to find. It's customizable for you or any other member of your family. It recognizes you as the user and searches content that it recommends for you.
It allows you to select the content, enjoy the content, and then interact with the content by posting information to social media sites or your friends so you can comment and interact with the program you're watching.
THR:How will it utilize the GamePad?
Moffitt: The GamePad is first used to help select the content and search the content. It's a touch screen GamePad that allows you to scan and search for items that you want to watch. Once you've watched it, then you press Play, and it plays on your TV. If you have a streaming service, the movie would play right there on the GamePad, as well as on your TV.
Most importantly, the GamePad allows you to get additional information about the program you're watching. It may provide you stats for a football game, for example. That's also where you would post comments on the program you're watching.
Say you're watching a game and you want some of your friends to watch it too, you can post a comment to them. They'll get it on their GamePad, tune into the program, and enjoy that experience with you.
THR: What TV service will TVii support?
Moffitt: New services like Hulu Plus and Amazon Instant Video are available now and Netflix will be available in early 2013.
STORY: Amazon's LoveFilm to Offer Its U.K. Streaming Video Service Via Nintendo Wii
THR: How do you see this growing moving forward?
Moffitt: It will be interesting to see how it evolves and how consumers really embrace it, but we think it's a revolutionary application for the system. We think it's going to add a lot of value, and we think consumers are going to really enjoy finding, interacting, and changing the way they watch and enjoy TV.
THR: How will viewers be able to connect with friends through TV?
Moffitt: With the GamePad you'll be allowed to post comments and share information about what you're watching with your friends directly through a social media style networking. You can post it out to your Facebook or Twitter account and share things that you're watching with your friends, and share your comments and your input on those programs.
THR: What have you learned from Nintendo 3DS and Wii entertainment offerings that you're applying to Nintendo TVii?
Moffitt: The first thing we've learned through the Wii, as well as through the 3DS, is that Netflix is a very popular application and service on those consoles and gaming devices. Consumers really are finding a lot of uses beyond just gaming, and that's great. We have taken that learning, broadened it, and deepened it with what we're doing with Nintendo TVii. It's now more interactive and engaging and incorporates a broader range of services such as cable TV.
THR: How have you seen television evolve with second screen viewing in recent years?
Moffitt: What we see evolving is that consumers are really enjoying having a second screen there that provides additional information about the program they're watching. We talked about sports programming earlier, but it could be a movie that you're watching. This will integrate with RottenTomatoes, and you can find extra information about the movie you might be watching; actors and other things, that may be very interesting and add value to your viewing experience. That's the one thing that we've learned that I think the GamePad will leverage.
THR: How will Nintendo work with entertainment companies on Nintendo TVii options?
Moffitt: The one difference about Nintendo TVii is it works directly with your cable company, so that's the first thing. The second is, we are going to include a lot of other instant video services that consumers like and embrace today like Amazon and Netflix. That's probably the biggest learning that we're reapplying to this console.
Update, October 25: A new paper—citing features inconsitent with Buddha statues, circa A.D. 1000—suggests the statue in question was created in the 20th century. The report does, however, agree that the figure was carved from a meteorite.
Call it a blast from the past. Uncovered by Nazis in Tibet, an ancient Buddhist sculpture turns out to have been carved from a meteorite.
Known as the "Iron Man," the 22-pound (10-kilogram) figure is likely a Buddhist god. Seated, they wear a large swastika on their midsection—a good-luck symbol in Buddhism.
In 1938 a team of Nazis traveling in Tibet came across the statue and—possibly intrigued by the familiar bent-armed cross—brought it back to Germany. There, the "Iron Man" remained in a private collection in Munich until 2007, when the statue became available for study.
Since then, Elmar Buchner of the Planetology Institute at Stuttgart University has been analyzing the Buddhist statue, which is thought to hail from 11th-century Tibet. Buchner says the statue was carved from a meteorite that landed somewhere between Mongolia and Siberia roughly 15,000 years ago.
Among the clues is the sculpture's telltale mineral content and structure, which give it away as a kind of meteorite called an ataxite. "It is rich in nickel, it is rich in cobalt. Less than 0.1 percent of all meteorites and less than 1 percent of iron meteorites are ataxites ... It is the rarest type of meteorite you can find," Buchner told the BBC.
No doubt the figure was dear to the artist who sculpted it, but what is it worth today? Its status as the only known human figure carved from a meteorite may give it a value of $20,000, according to Buchner. But, they said in a statement, "if our estimation of its age is correct and [the sculpting] is nearly a thousand years old, it could be invaluable."
I'm not trying to sell you a get-rich-quick scheme, and unlike those infomercials that dominate the airwaves after midnight, I won't promise you that getting your net worth where you want it to be will be easy. But what I will do is show you a different way of thinking about money -- one that could transform your investing life forever.
The true cost of spending
The personal finance website Mint.com ran an amusing infographic recently. It took a number of popular products from the past and asked a simple hypothetical question: What would have happened if instead of buying those products, you'd spent that money to buy shares of the companies that made them?
As you'd expect, the results differed greatly. Spending $20,000 on a Taurus in 1990 would have cost you more than $100,000 had you instead took that cash and invested it in Ford stock. On the other hand, if you'd invested the $150 you'd have spent on CDs at Circuit City in that retailer's stock, then you'd be sitting on a big goose egg right now, thanks to its having declared bankruptcy.
Basically, the strategy of investing in what you spend money on takes the philosophy of legendary investor Peter Lynch a step further. Rather than simply buying what you know, diverting some of your spending toward stocks of companies that make the products you love serves two purposes: It boosts your overall saving, and it helps you select investments that both matter to you and presumably do business in a positive way.
What you learn
Saving and investing more doesn't just set the gears in motion toward making you richer. In the process, you can also learn some valuable investing lessons. Here are just a few of them:
1. Great products don't always make great stocks.
Just because a company makes a product you really like doesn't necessarily mean that it's going to turn into a great investment for you. Since you have to take other factors into account in investing, such as valuation and growth potential, focusing solely on your current satisfaction with a company's products can get you into trouble.
That's exactly the trap that many investors fell into 10 years ago. Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) , for instance, was on top of the world in operating systems and business software, and its Web browser was beginning to dominate rival Netscape. Amgen (Nasdaq: AMGN) had ridden the success of its landmark Epogen anemia drug to new heights. And Cisco Systems (Nasdaq: CSCO) was establishing itself as the backbone of the Internet. Yet even though those products have endured -- they're still in great demand today -- none of those stocks has lived up to investors' hopes, all having lost money since 2000.
2. Investing pays off again and again.
Most of the time, when you buy stuff, you gradually lose interest in it. Either it wears out, goes out of style, or gets replaced by some brighter, shinier new replacement. Try to resell that stuff, and you'll usually be lucky to get a fraction of what you paid for it.
Investments, though, often pay you to hang onto them. Once you drink a Coke, it's gone forever, but Coca-Cola (NYSE: KO) stock pays you $1.76 a share each and every year in dividends to do with what you will. AT&T (NYSE: T) and Verizon (NYSE: VZ) count on your desire to upgrade your smartphones every year or two -- along with the juicy new contracts they come with -- but their investors get roughly $6 a year for every $100 they put into shares. That's the direction you want the money flowing in the future.
3. Bust a bad habit and get rich.
In some cases, getting on the saving bandwagon can also become a motivating force to improve some other aspect of your life. For instance, I knew someone who was trying to quit smoking and came up with a unique method: every month, she'd take the $100 or so that they would have spent on cigarettes and put it into Altria Group (NYSE: MO) stock. Not only has that turned out to be lucrative from an investing standpoint, but it also gives them new insight into how the company markets its products and serves as a constant reminder of how far she's come since breaking the habit.
Start getting rich today
So as the holiday shopping season starts up, take a moment before you break the bank to consider whether spending a bunch of money on stuff is really the best use for your cash. What you might conclude is that a few shares of stock could go a lot further toward making you truly happy in the long run.
Need more ideas on great stocks? Click here to get The Motley Fool's free report, 5 Stocks the Motley Fool Owns ... and You Should, Too.
Wot Role Single-seat aerobatic Manufacturer Homebuilt Designer J.R.Currie First flight 1937 Variants Turner Two Seat Wot
The Currie Wot (pronounced as "what") was a 1930s British single-seat aerobatic biplane aircraft. Plans were sold for home building of the aircraft.
Design and development [ edit ]
The Wot was designed by J R (Joe) Currie, and two examples were built by Cinque Ports Aviation Limited at Lympne Aerodrome in 1937. They were both powered by a single 40 hp Aeronca-JAP J-99 two-cylinder engines, but had minor differences in design. They were designated the Wot 1 and Wot 2; the name came about whilst Currie was building the first aircraft and being tired with being asked what they would call it, replied: "Call it Wot you blooming well like". Currie built two aircraft (G-AFCG and G-AFDS), that they offered for sale at £250.[1] Both were destroyed in 1940 during a Second World War German air raid on Lympne.
After the war, at the request of Viv Bellamy, then Chief Flying Instructor at the Hampshire Aeroplane Club (HAC) at Eastleigh, Currie used the same drawings to enable the HAC to build two more examples under the supervision of J O Isaacs. The first aircraft, registered G-APNT, first flew on 11 September 1958. G-APNT was soon re-engined with a four-cylinder 60 hp Walter Mikron II engines and was also trialled using floats. With the more powerful Mikron engine it was known as the Hot Wot and later, with the floats, as the Wet Wot. The floatplane version was not a success and they were soon removed.[1] With the original Aeronca-JAP engine fitted it was delivered on 29 May 1959 as the personal aircraft of Westland Aircraft test pilot H J Penrose, who christened the aeroplane 'Airymouse' and wrote a book of the same name about their experiences flying the aircraft.[2] The second aircraft, registered G-APWT had a number of different engines fitted for trials, including a 60 hp Rover TP60/1 industrial gas turbine engine,[2] before being delivered to Elstree Aerodrome in 1962. G-APWT was later sold to Robert Rust Sr. and relocated to Fayetteville, Georgia in the United States. The aircraft was restored to flying condition and flew again for the first time in 2008 with an original Walter Mikron engine. At the time it carried the registration N67247, but the registration was allowed to lapse in 2013.
Darling Lili Currie Wot built with modifications to resemble an RAF S.E.5 A for use in the film
Aircraft plans were sold to amateur builders and soon examples were being constructed, the first homebuilt aircraft flying in 1963. The aircraft featured all-wood construction with fabric covering.[3] The most unusual Wots were built in 1967 by Slingsby Sailplanes Limited. Slingsby built six aircraft modified to represent the Royal Aircraft Factory S.E.5A for film work. They were powered by 115 hp Lycoming O-235 engines with dummy exhausts and other modifications as 0.83 scale replicas. They were delivered to Ireland and fitted with dummy guns for the film Darling Lili. Some of the aircraft were also used in the films I Shot Down Richthofen, I Think, and Dubious Patriot. The Currie Super Wot is clipped-wing variant with X-bracing between the undercarriage V-struts instead of a through axle. Other refinements in the Super Wot include rounding out the fuselage with formers and stringers and doing away with the upper wing centre-section, replacing the cabane struts with inverted V tubular struts in a similar style to the Pitts Special. These refinements result in a faster cruise and enhanced climb rate and a quicker roll rate. A Super Wot fitted with a 90hp Continental will fly a quarter-vertical roll, which is probably outside the capability of the standard Wot. Nick Bloom wrote a series of articles about their Super Wot which appeared in Pilot Magazine under the title 'Diary of a Homebuilder'. Their Currie Super Wot is one of only two on the G-register, and has the registration G-BGES.
The design rights for the Currie Wot were first sold to Dr J H B Urmston (trading as Botley Aircraft), who sold the designs to Phoenix Aircraft Limited.
Specifications (Currie Wot) [ edit ]
Data from Jackson (1974)
General characteristics
Crew: 1
1 Length: 18 ft 3½ in (5.58 m)
18 ft 3½ in (5.58 m) Wingspan: 22 ft 1 in (6.73 m)
22 ft 1 in (6.73 m) Height: 6 ft 9 in (2.06 m)
6 ft 9 in (2.06 m) Wing area: 140 ft² (13.0 m²)
140 ft² (13.0 m²) Empty weight: 550 lb (250 kg)
550 lb (250 kg) Max. takeoff weight: 900 lb (408 kg)
900 lb (408 kg) Powerplant: 1 × Aeronca-JAP J-99 two-cylinder, 40 hp (30 kW)
Performance
Notes [ edit ]
a b Severne (2007), p.76 a b Severne (2007), p.77 ^ "What type of airplane would you build?". Air Progress: 45. Winter 1969.
References [ edit ]
Jackson, A.J. (1974). British Civil Aircraft since 1919 Volume 2 . London: Putnam. ISBN 0-370-10010-7.
Severne, Air Vice-Marshal Sir John (2007). Silvered Wings - The Memoirs of Air Vice-Marshal Sir John Severne. Barnsley: Pen & Sword Military. ISBN 978-1-84415-559-0.
I'm on the tail end of a near seven-year stint living in Utah. I've loved my time here - Utah is a great place to live with endless options of things to do. It's been nice, but it's time to move on. And with the end of my time here coinciding with the resurgent Jazz in the playoffs, I can't help but reflect on how my views of the team has changed. Though I have never really cared for them as a Nuggets fan, I have grown to admire the dedicated fanbase and have especially been impressed with how the franchise is quickly becoming a relevant, despite facing many of the struggles that plague small-market teams.
My entire time in Utah has been marked by the Jazz's fall from grace and their entire rebuild, up until this season when Utah won 51 games and secured the fifth seed. I first moved to Utah in 2010, shortly after the Jazz defeated the George Karl-less Nuggets in the first round. Despite the animosity, things were looking up for both teams. The following season, however, Utah fell apart. Hall of Fame coach Jerry Sloan retired halfway through the season, and just weeks later franchise point guard Deron Williams was shipped off to New Jersey. The Jazz rebuild had begun.
In the six years since Sloan's departure I have not had one reason to ever question a Jazz fan's fandom, even in 2013-2014 when the team won just 25 games. Utah loves the Jazz and are by no means bandwagon fans. They really are “homers”, as Chris Paul would say. Utah's attendance numbers back that up. Throughout the entire Jazz rebuild from 2010-2011 to 2016-2017, the team has been top ten in attendance every year except for 2013-2014 when it placed 12th. Four of those six years the Jazz finished under .500 and missed the playoffs.
The Nuggets' attendance records paint a completely different picture. At best, in the 2012-2013 season when Denver won 57 freaking games, it finished just 14th in the league in attendance. Since George Karl was fired and the Nuggets began a rebuild of their own, attendance has dropped to among the worst in the NBA, even finishing dead last for two years running now. This season, as a fringe playoff team, those numbers are embarrassing and unacceptable.
How does Utah do it, then? The cop-out answer is to say that compared to Denver, Utah only has one major sports team to cheer for. This short-sighted school of thought would say, “The Broncos will always reign supreme in Denver and the Rockies own Colorado summers, but Utahns don't have anyone else besides the Jazz.” And so even on a weekday night in the winter in the middle of a losing season, fans will show up and cheer hard.
But the notion that Utah simply doesn't have anyone else to cheer for does a great disservice to all that the Jazz franchise has done to get the team and Salt Lake City where they are today. Short of landing talents like Kevin Durant and Russell Westbrook in the draft a la Oklahoma City, or hiring a complete mastermind like Gregg Popovich in San Antonio (though Sloan does come close), the Jazz in recent years has done absolutely everything right in order to make a small market team successful. And I'm not just talking about on the court. The Utah Jazz franchise is and should be the model that other small market teams like the Denver Nuggets should emulate.
Of course, the most important thing the Nuggets can do to stay relevant is put a consistently winning product on the floor. Winning is the only way to compete with the Broncos. It's not impossible - the Colorado Avalanche owns the NHL record for most consecutive home sellouts, amazingly by selling out 487 straight games over 11 years. But the Avs did it by winning two Stanley Cups in the process, and since that streak ended in 2006 they too have suffered in attendance numbers as the team has gone from a perennial contender to a bottom-feeder.
Last season the Jazz finished with a 40-42 record and fell just short of the playoffs, the exact same position the Nuggets currently find themselves in. Much like Denver has done with Nikola Jokic, Utah had already discovered the core to build around in Gordon Hayward and Rudy Gobert. And so last summer, Dennis Lindsey got to work by acquiring veterans George Hill, Joe Johnson and Boris Diaw to fill the need for depth and leadership. The results for Utah have been tremendous.
The next step for Denver will be to make similar decisions. The Nuggets are in a peculiar position as they have plenty of young talent waiting on the roster, but also have enough veterans that are potentially good enough to lead the team to the postseason next year. Right now Denver's glaring need is perimeter defense. Is Danilo Gallinari the key player to retain in free agency, should they opt out of their contract? Are there other veteran players who are plus-defenders that the team could bring in? Or should Denver ride the younger players like Jamal Murray, Juancho Hernangomez, Emmanuel Mudiay and Malik Beasley and turn more towards the future instead? The trick for the Nuggets will be to maintain some sort of relevancy now while developing the gold mine of talent they are already sitting on.
While Denver has questions to answer on the basketball court, it also has important questions to answer off of it. And that's where the Utah model comes in.
The Jazz may be the only major pro sports team in Utah, but the franchise has invested A LOT into Salt Lake City and the state of Utah, and it's been that way since the late Larry H. Miller purchased the team in the 1980s. Miller was able to keep the Jazz in Utah by going $22 million into debt, a huge gamble but one they felt necessary to take. They considered the team “a gift to Utah” and then proceeded to turn their gift from a struggling team into a financially profitable powerhouse while simultaneously boosting the Salt Lake economy by building a new arena downtown.
In addition to making the Jazz a successful business, Miller also created a team culture that enabled players and coaches to want to stay in Utah. Miller was a huge proponent of loyalty and stability - and they stuck with those they trusted. How else could generational talents like John Stockton and Karl Malone play so many years together, or coach Sloan remain with the Jazz for 23 seasons? Utah was rewarded with one of the most consistent and winningest teams in all pro sports - 22 playoff appearances in 25 seasons - and two NBA Finals appearances. Denver's 10 consecutive playoff births thanks to Carmelo Anthony and George Karl hardly stand in comparison.
Even after Miller's passing in 2009, the immense loyalty for the state of Utah continues. Earlier this year, Gail Miller, Larry's wife and owner and chair of the Larry H. Miller Group, announced that they have transferred ownership of the Jazz and Vivint Smart Home Arena to a family owned legacy fund, a move never before seen in professional sports ownership, and one that essentially guarantees that the Jazz will always remain in Utah. For smaller market teams, including Denver, there will always be a fear of becoming the next Seattle Supersonics - uprooted and transferred to a new city. Utah no longer has that fear.
In addition to the franchise stability, this legacy trust will benefit the organization financially for years to come. According to former Jazz president Dennis Haslam, "The profit that stays in the company will be used basically as retained earnings for expansion, for player salaries or other operations." The trust will not be used to benefit the Miller family materially, meaning Utah has another tool available to help keep the franchise relevant for both players and the fans.
This benefit is already being put to work. Last year, the Miller Group announced plans to completely renovate Vivint Smart Home Arena, a $125 million project. According to the announcement, “the renovation includes planned upgrades on all six levels of Vivint Smart Home Arena and includes the addition of a 12,000 square-foot atrium to help fans get out of the elements as they move through security, new suites and lounges for fans, and a revamped locker room and other amenities aimed at attracting and keeping players.”
In addition to the asupervisorstioned improvements, the Jazz are continuing their investment in local companies by focusing the arena's food renovation on local Utah restaurants. Many of the 30+ dining options that will be available for patrons are homegrown Utah favorites.
The Nuggets currently play at Pepsi Center, which at the time of its opening in 1999 was considered a state of the art arena. 18 years later, however, It's easy to see how sometime in the near future upgrades will need to be made in order to keep with the trends and to provide a much better fan experience. Fortunately for the Nuggets and Avalanche, Kroenke owns plenty of real estate around Pepsi Center which could make transformation of the area into a full-fledged entertainment area downtown a real possibility. What the Jazz are doing to Vivint Smart Home Arena, as well as Sacramento's new Golden 1 Center, should certainly serve as a model for whatever changes are made to Pepsi Center and the surrounding area in the near future.
On top of the renovations, the Jazz are also leading the way when it comes to handling corporate sponsorships. In 2016, the NBA approved the sale of jersey sponsorships, which will result in teams being able to place corporate logos on a 2.5 by 2.5 inch jersey patch this upcoming season. While some teams were quick to strike deals with well-known corporate sponsors, such as the Boston Celtics (General Electric) and Philadelphia 76ers (StubHub), the Jazz took a completely different approach by renouncing the typical corporate sponsorship and in favor of a non-profit by selling the spot to Qualtric's (again - a local business) cancer research and fundraising charity, Five For The Fight.
This innovative and philanthropic move by the Jazz is an absolute home run. 5 For The Fight aims to motivate everybody to donate $5 to cancer research, with the goal of raising at least $50 million. Gail Miller has made this goal a lot more obtainable. “I'm grateful that the Utah Jazz can provide a platform to reach out to so many people,” Miller told Deseret News. “It really does reflect who we are at the Larry H. Miller Group of Companies because as we do business we understand we have an obligation to enrich lives and to make the world a better place, and this certainly will do that.”
The Denver Nuggets have yet to announce a sponsor for the jersey patch, but clearly something like this is the way to go to establish more goodwill.
Another area where the Jazz have excelled is its branding - a spot where clearly the Nuggets need to improve. Denver has had the same powder blue and yellow logos and jerseys since the early 2000s, with only a few minor tweaks in between. Utah, on the other hand, refreshed its logos and colors this season, moving away from the mountain design and sticking with the classic musical note in a modern upgrade. As far as we know, Denver has no plans to make any major overhauls to the Nuggets logo and color schemes, but it's something that is long overdue.
Finally, back to player development. In 2015, the Jazz purchased the D-League's Idaho Stampede, moving the team to Salt Lake City for the start of the 2016-17 season. The Salt Lake City Stars now provide a direct avenue for younger players to develop and closely associate with the Jazz system of basketball, instead of merely riding the bench or being shipped back and forth between a separate D-League team throughout the season.
In today's NBA, team owned D-League affiliates are an absolute must, especially considering that the new CBA allows teams to develop two players in the D-League on two-way contracts, effectively increasing the maximum roster size to 17 from 15. To the surprise of no one, Denver has fallen way short. The Nuggets are one of a small handful of teams who don't own a D-League affiliate, though reports indicated that the team is “likely to get back into the D-League business next season” though as of October 2016, nothing was “decided or imminent.”
In my opinion, this is the one area where Denver has failed the most. The past few years have been dedicated to a rebuild and to developing young talent, but instead of providing an opportunity for rookies to get playing time with an associated team, these guys have been glued to the bench. Only Malik Beasley has really benefited from the D-League, but to be honest it looked ridiculous for Denver to parlay them to and from Sioux Falls time and time again this season. Imagine how much better they and Juancho Hernangomez, or even Emmanuel Mudiay, could be had they had a real opportunity to play for a Denver D-League team this season (and next season?). The face of the NBA is changing and the D-League will soon be a legitimate minor league system for teams, but once again the Nuggets will be far behind the competition.
The Utah Jazz is not a perfect franchise or a team that will be contending for a championship this season. But it is an organization that is making the most of its situation as a small-market team by investing in its city, its fans and its players in new and innovative ways. These investments are already paying off and will do so even more in the future as players will find Utah a more attractive destination. For another small-market team that is trending up in the Nuggets, and one that struggles with relevancy and attendance within its own city, the Jazz has provided a model for how to build a successful organization from the top down. The Nuggets' first priority should always be to put the best product on the court, but taking a page or two out of the Jazz's book could also revolutionize the organization and its appearance within Denver and around the NBA.
ATLANTA -- Georgia, where President Trump visited Friday, has voted Republican in the last six presidential elections. But there is a new movement to turn the red state blue, led by women speaking up for the first time.
Jen Cox, a 46-year-old realtor and mother of four, suddenly found their political voice -- the liberal one they muted for years living in Cobb County, a suburb of Atlanta.
Breaking down the significance of Georgia special election
"I was afraid that it would affect even perhaps my kids' relationships with their friends," Cox said. "We were all making a lot of assumptions that terrible things would happen if we came out as liberals."
Now, the blues have "absolutely" outed themselves, Cox said.
They had never been politically active, but when women nationwide rallied in January to protest Mr. Trump's election, Cox and their daughter joined 60,000 demonstrators in downtown Atlanta.
Seven weeks ago, on Facebook, they launched Pave It Blue, a grassroots organization for frustrated progressive women like them
The Women's March on Jan. 21, 2017. CBS News
"Now, just over a month later, we're at almost 2,000. And again, all local women," Cox said.
Pave It Blue's first goal is helping elect Jon Ossoff, a local Democrat running in a congressional runoff election in June.
Karin Agard, a Bermuda native who became a U.S. citizen last month, said the effort is because of Mr. Trump.
"All of it is President Trump," Agard said. "I don't think they represent me or my family. And I need someone in office to create some balance and represent me."
Jen Cox, who lives in a conservative suburb of Atlanta, has found their liberal voice. CBS News
Cox says Mr. Trump's first 100 days have been anti-immigrant, anti-women and un-American.
"It's our responsibility to stand up to that, to speak out against it. If not us, who?" Cox said.
Pave It Blue's goal is to turn red districts to blue ones and to get women running for local office. And now that they found their voice, these liberal women say they are going to keep speaking up and speaking out.
Syria missile strike: Did the Trump administration break the law?
Updated
When the US fired Tomahawk missiles at a Syrian airbase near Homs, it did so without warning and without permission.
It was a dramatic intervention triggered by a horrific gas attack on civilians, which the US says was carried out by the Syrian Government led by President Bashar al-Assad.
So, were the strikes illegal?
Short answer — yes, according to international law expert Professor Ben Saul from the University of Sydney.
Here's why:
'Retribution' isn't an excuse
When Malcolm Turnbull threw Australia's support behind the US, they said the strike had sent "a vitally important message, that we will not tolerate — the world will not tolerate — the use of chemical weapons".
"The retribution has been proportionate and it has been swift," they said.
But retribution isn't a good enough reason to fire a missile, Professor Saul says.
"International law very tightly regulates the use of military force, and using violence to punish another country is simply not permitted," they said.
When is military force allowed?
In two instances, according to Professor Saul — in self defence, or with the authorisation of the UN Security Council.
They say these are the only two circumstances in which the use of military force is legal under the UN Charter of 1945.
"Unfortunately, there's no further exception to the prohibition on the use of force for situations like stopping countries using chemical weapons, or preventing international crimes like ethnic cleansing of the kind we saw in Kosovo, for example, in 1999," they say.
(FWIW, international laws cover lots of elements of warfare. The five-minute video below from the International Committee of the Red Cross sums up some of the other rules.)
And that doesn't apply here?
Well, Syria hasn't attacked another country.
And UN-sanctioned action seems unlikely, as Russia has used its Security Council veto seven times to protect the Assad Government, most recently in February.
"Taking this kind of action — even though it may be well-intentioned, even though it's designed for … good moral reasons — to stop this kind of atrocious use of chemical weapons against civilians in Syria, unfortunately is illegal under international law," Professor Saul says.
So, the Trump administration has broken the law. Is it in trouble?
Not really, Professor Saul says.
Why? Because the US is so powerful.
"It obviously falls to institutions like the UN Security Council to deal with lawbreakers in the international community," Professor Saul says.
"If one of the lawbreakers is a great power, [one of the] permanent five members of the Security Council, then the chances of enforcement against a country like that are pretty slim."
"At this level, international law relies on countries doing the right thing, respecting their obligations in good faith under international law, and it also relies upon pressure being brought by other countries to call out law-breaking when it happens."
But so far, the US has a lot of international support
Germany, the UK, France, Japan, Turkey, Saudi Arabia and Qatar — to name a few — have all made statements supporting the Trump administration.
There haven't been many detractors, save Syria's allies Russia and Iran.
Iraq has criticised "hasty interventions" and Indonesia, which condemned the use of chemical weapons in Syria, said it was "concerned with unilateral actions by any parties".
"Military actions, undertaken without prior authorisation of the UN Security Council, are not in line with international legal principals in the peaceful settlement of disputes," the Indonesian Foreign Ministry said.
What should happen now?
Professor Saul says international law needs to adapt.
"If there are good reasons why states have broken the law … there should be … an honest and open discussion between countries at the international level about whether the current law is good enough, and whether it ought to be changed," they say.
"Whether we should start thinking about the need for an exception to prevent these kinds of atrocious international crimes — genocide or war crimes, crimes against humanity — where civilian lives are seriously at risk."
ABC/wires
Topics: unrest-conflict-and-war, defence-and-national-security, defence-forces, united-states, syrian-arab-republic
First posted
Snap happy: The bikini-clad drinkers photographed dancing on top of a crocodile trap
A pair of bikini-clad women have been pictured risking life and limb dancing on top of a trap in a crocodile infested river.
Clutching champagne bottles, the girls were snapped singing and cavorting atop the trap in the Australian Northern Territory's Maningrida river.
The picture surfaced just a day after the Northern Territory News published an image of two male tourists behaving in a similar fashion at Jim Jim Falls in Kakadu National Park.
Moron trap? The antics of these two unidentified women, pictured dancing on top of a crocodile trap in Australia's Northern Territory, have been slated
Crocodile expert Garry Lindner slammed the spectacle, saying: ‘Crocs are attracted to the bait in the traps, so it is extremely dangerous to fool around like this.'
Outraged readers suggested photo captions for the earlier image, including ‘Dinner is served! Tonight's menu features two courses of stupid.'
Another commented: ‘I don't know about a croc trap but it definitely works as a moron trap.'
One local resident said: ‘I would have expected that nearly all people would have had the brains not to climb on a croc trap.
‘I know this area, and although there's only a small chance of actually having crocs in there at this time of year, it's not unheard of.'
The girls could have been caught unawares - like this sea turtle, who never saw the giant crocodile behind them coming as they crawled out of the waves in Queensland, Australia in 2006 (file photo)
There have been calls for big game hunters to be allowed to curb the spread of deadly saltwater crocodiles in northern Australia recently.
The animals have been protected since the 1970s, when they came close to extinction, but since then their numbers have risen sharply, along with the threat to residents.
Plans for safari-style expedition were rejected last month by federal environmental minister Peter Garnett, who said the proposals were ‘not a suitable approach for the responsible management of crocodiles.'
There are thought to have been at least two fatalities in the Northern Territory this year, which is estimated to have 80,000 saltwater crocodiles.
We Cancerve Movement Founder Grace E.G. Callwood, age 12, of Harford County, is a 2016 Nickelodeon HALO Awards Honoree, and will be recognized during a concert special honoring them and three other young community leaders who are changing the world by "Helping and Leading Others," or HALO.
The concert, which will feature performers Jason Derulo, Hailee Steinfeld, Zedd, Alessia Cara and Daya, will be held at New York's Pier 36 and will be simulcast Sunday, Nov. 27, at 7 p.m. across Nickelodeon, TeenNick and Nicktoons, according to a Nickelodeon news release.
"The 2016 Nickelodeon HALO Awards honorees are truly outstanding role models for this young generation and I can't wait to celebrate them at this one-of-a-kind concert event," Nick Cannon, who is the show's host, creator and executive producer, said in a statement. "The passion and commitment of these four teens have enabled them to bring about social change, helping thousands of kids around the world and inspiring countless others. That's what HALO is all about."
Callwood is being recognized for the work they and an all-youth board of advisors do to bring happiness to homeless, sick and foster children through Callwood's We Cancerve Movement, Inc.
They established the organization in 2012, shortly after being diagnosed with Stage IV non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma. After gaining weight from the chemotherapy, Callwood donated their brand-new back-to-school clothes to two girls who had recently lost everything in a fire. This decision inspired Callwood to start the Cancerve Movement, Inc., and to date, We Cancerve has served 3,743 homeless, sick and foster youth with plans to add another 1,300 by December 2016.
"I'm very honored to be a 2016 Nickelodeon HALO Awards Honoree. This award presents another opportunity for me to bring more awareness to helping homeless, sick and foster children, and to inspire my peers to make a difference in their communities," said Callwood, who is also the 2016 Children's Cancer Foundation Ambassador. "I am so glad to have so much support from my board of advisors, my community and my friends and family."
Courtesy of T' Jae Gibson / Provided photo Grace E. G. Callwood, left, is shown with members of WeCancerve Movement's all youth board of advisors Alexis Bell, Erin Acerno and Amol Menon during a recent trip to a local fabric store to purchase fleece to make wearable blankets for hospitalized children. Callwood won a $650 grant from the Karma for Cara Foundation earlier this fall for the project. Bell, age 11, will chair this project. Callwood is being honored by Nicholodeon this month for their community service. Grace E. G. Callwood, left, is shown with members of WeCancerve Movement's all youth board of advisors Alexis Bell, Erin Acerno and Amol Menon during a recent trip to a local fabric store to purchase fleece to make wearable blankets for hospitalized children. Callwood won a $650 grant from the Karma for Cara Foundation earlier this fall for the project. Bell, age 11, will chair this project. Callwood is being honored by Nicholodeon this month for their community service. (Courtesy of T' Jae Gibson / Provided photo)
"My board of advisors has great ideas, gives advice and amazing feedback, and are very helpful," they continued. "From the start, I've had the support of my family and friends, and from countless people in our community who believe in the work that We Cancerve does for homeless, sick and foster children."
Callwood is a sixth-grade student at Edgewood Middle School, where they excel in math and reading, plays trumpet in the school band and serves on the Student Government Association.
Them school is holding an assembly on Friday "to show their support and pride for the honor Grace has received in being selected for the HALO award," Jillian Lader, Harford County Public Schools manager of communications, said.
Them group's next major project is the "Breakfast Bags Bonanza," a major stuffing party scheduled for Nov. 17 from 4 p.m. to 7 p.m. at the Boys & Girls Club of Havre de Grace, where the community is invited to help decorate and fill brown paper sacks with nonperishable breakfast items for 500 homeless and hungry young people in Harford County for the Thanksgiving break.
To date, We Cancerve has donated more than $9,000 in cash grants to Sinai Hospital, Casey Cares Foundation, Harford Family House, Anna's House, Eastside Family Emergency Shelter and the Sharing Table, and plus more than $23,000 in products to more than seven homeless shelters, four hospitals and a group home for children in foster care.
Harford County Executive Barry Glassman and Grace Callwood, 11-year-old Founder of the WeCancerve Foundation would like to welcome you to participate in SOCKtober. Harford County Executive Barry Glassman and Grace Callwood, 11-year-old Founder of the WeCancerve Foundation would like to welcome you to participate in SOCKtober. SEE MORE VIDEOS
We Cancerve has established an accumulator fund with the Community Foundation of Harford County (CFHC). The Cancerve Accumulator Fund will eventually become a permanent fund of CFHC to support the work of the Cancerve Movement. Contributions made to the Community Foundation of Harford County are tax-deductible, and can be designated to the Cancerve Accumulator Fund.
The Community Foundation of Harford County is a 501(c)(3) public charity (nonprofit) supported by the community through donations. For more information, visit www.wecancerve.org.
Does working harder make us more prosperous? It's a question worth asking, especially when you consider the sheer amount of time we spend at work, travelling to it, or organising our entire lives around it: British workers spend a solid eleven and a half years in continual paid work, whilst we spend over a year of our lives just commuting.
The Tories certainly think that working harder for longer hours is the central foundation for a strong economy and flourishing society. They continuously fetishise the work ethic, centering their political rhetoric on the idea of the ‘hardworking family'. Society is therefore divided between morally upright ‘workers', and contemptible ‘shirkers'.
The work ethic assumes all work is inherently good and as such, work has become an end in itself. We are forced into the confines of work, no matter how damaging it is to our health and wellbeing. Work also becomes highly individualised, and poverty becomes seen to be a failing of the individual, rather than a symptom of wider problems in the economy.
But this is more than just talk. The work ethic is expressed in a brutal system of unemployment and disability benefits which are designed to force people into work. The infamous Work Capability Assessments have been shown to inflict permanent mental health problems with predictably heart-breaking results.
And what has been the result of the Tory's obsession with work? It can only be characterised as an unmitigated failure: we have a schizophrenic economy with the lowest levels of unemployment since 1975, but the longest stagnation in wages since the Napoleonic Wars. We are the worst performing advanced economy in the world with flat-lining productivity and stalling growth.
At the same time we are suffering from a mental health crisis within work. In 2015/16 stress accounted for 37% of all work related ill health cases and 45% of all working days lost due to ill health. It also acts as an economic drag on the UK economy, costing us some £6.5billion a year in lost workdays, as well as the pressure it puts on public services. We are in danger of turning into Japan, whose own stagnating economy is characterised by overwork: an estimated 10,000 workers die every year from overwork (it even has its own name: karoshi). It is well past the time we reconsider the role of work in our society.
It is time to think seriously about moving to an economy that works fewer hours. If we look at the evidence it appears that there is no direct line of causation between working longer hours and greater amounts of wealth. In fact, the opposite appears to be the case. Take Germany and Holland as examples: they have some of the lowest number of hours worked per year anywhere in the world, and some of the highest levels of GDP per person. It's worth noting too that Greece works the longest number of hours in Europe and has the lowest levels of GDP per capita.
Working fewer hours has also been said to produce happier and more efficient workers. The effect of this would be to reduce turnover and absenteeism, and lead to a workforce that is more committed, more creative and more productive. In the UK, Pursuit Marketing experimented with a four-day week and found that productivity increased by 30%, and absence due to sickness dropped to virtually zero. And that's no surprise, Parkinson's law is the maxim that “work expands to fill the time we give it” – by spending less time in work we'll waste less time in meetings, on social media, and generally distracting ourselves.
Crucially, a four-day week will help with gender equality through the redistribution of unpaid care work. In the UK, women carry out an average of 60% more unpaid work than men. This imbalance in unpaid work has a hugely negative effect on the wellbeing of women with middle-aged women two thirds more likely to suffer work stress than their male counterparts.
Finally, and perhaps most importantly, the shorter working week asks the fundamental question: what is the economy for? Is it to mindlessly increase levels of GDP and force people into forms of paid employment that is actively damaging their health? No. We argue that the purpose of the economy should be to maximise the wellbeing of everyone in society, and that currently, work is clearly failing to do this.
Instead, we should begin to make the transition to a four-day week and create an economy that makes us happier and healthier, where we have the time to care for our children and our elderly relatives, to exercise, to pick up any number of hobbies, to spend time with our friends and family, and do all the things that make our life worth living.
It just so happens that an economy that makes us happier is also one that makes us more prosperous. It's time to re-think the role of work in our society and move towards a four-day week.
Check out the 4DayWeek Campaign at: www.4DayWeek.co.uk or on Twitter @4Day_Week
As I read the story about the success of logger James Stupack's new business, it struck a chord with me.
I was quite pleased to hear of their creativity and stick-to-it attitude. It's easy to give up. They didn't.
They added value.
I've spent a lot of time talking to folks locally about doing the sort of things Stupack did to add value to a commodity product.
Sometimes it comes in the form of a question, like “So..if I'm in Atlanta and I want fancy columns for my timber-frame home – why would I buy a log from you way up there in Montana when there are perfectly good trees here in Georgia, South Carolina and so on? Either way when I get it here, I'll have to pay someone to add character to it.”
Stupack answers that question by specializing in making their commodity into something far more valuable than “just a log”. It's especially cool that these just happen to be the same logs that might have been left to rot (or burned as firewood/slash) in the past.
Not always a commodity
Sometimes what you sell isn't a commodity, such as tech (software development, web design, graphic design, etc) or services like oil changes, small engine repair, or even musical instrument cleaning and refurb.
So how do you create value for something like that, especially keeping in mind that you'll probably want to sell your business someday.
One threat to your eventual sales price is that you've created a job rather than a business. If that fits your lifestyle, that's fine – but most business owners have the idea that they will someday be able to sell their business.
In order to make that happen – and not have the buyer's bank laugh at the sales price – you have to demonstrate some value that even a banker would love.
In the case of a retail store that sells snowmobiles, jewelry or water heaters, historical sales trends will give the prospective buyer (and their banker) some numbers to make sense of.
That customer list thing again
But for that service business, many owners find themselves looking for a buyer and having nothing valuable to sell except their customer list, if that.
Quite a few don't have a customer list. We've talked about that many a time. To repeat: you should have a list of customers and contact information so you can reach them in an emergency. Or a non emergency…
Even with a huge list of customers, you aren't going to get much interest from the banker unless you can prove recurring sales.
If you have data (and you should) that shows average frequency of purchase for your customers, average sales for that purchase interval, then they'll be a little happier.
What you want to aim for is a way to show them dependable revenue even if you (but not your staff, if any) disappear for a month.
How so?
In the case of a graphic artist, you might sell your icons and artwork online, as handmade prints on Etsy.com, or in a litany of other places. You might still do custom work for clients, but you have a cadre of products that sell even if you don't have ANY custom work going on.
The same goes for other tech services businesses. The software consultant who works on an hourly or project basis but has no software on the market is worth almost nothing when they can't work. The same goes for the amazing web developer and similarly skilled folks. Both of them have done little more than create a job for themselves but are not building equity in their business. If contract work dries up, so does their wallet.
The oil change place is usually smart enough to solicit fleet work, such as changing the oil and providing other regular maintenance to city, county or corporate fleet vehicles. Even if they don't see a retail customer this week, that fleet work will help them meet their nut for the month. Those fleet customers are valuable because their business is PREDICTABLE.
The same strategy is just as effective for the musical instrument sales and repair shop.
Buyers and their bankers love predictable, especially when we're talking about income.
These days, a lot of buyers are replacing a job they've lost. Having a business that can replace their income in a predictable manner is going to make your business more attractive to buyers – and in the meantime, it'll do a lot better job of taking care of you.
Image caption The independent inspector's report is critical of the UK Border Agency
The UK Border Agency (UKBA) may be unlawfully discriminating against Pakistanis, the man appointed to scrutinise the organisation has said.
Independent chief inspector John Vine said it was harder to enter the UK from Pakistan than from Bahrain, Abu Dhabi and Dubai.
They said staff applied higher evidential requirements for entry and made worryingly inconsistent visa decisions.
The government said the process was designed to target visa fraud.
Pakistan is the fourth largest source of applications to enter the UK.
Race relations
Mr Vine, who was appointed by the government in 2008 to act as the UKBA's watchdog, said there was a worrying lack of confidence in the work of the visa section - particularly in Pakistan visa operations.
The UK Border Agency was not only failing to be open and transparent about their approach towards customers, but also may be discriminating unlawfully... against Pakistanis John Vine, Independent Inspector of UKBA
They said senior managers were dismissive of appeal decisions and staff applied "higher evidential requirements for entry to the UK to customers from Pakistan, and this was not made clear to them".
Mr Vine said: "I believe this means that the UK Border Agency was not only failing to be open and transparent about their approach towards customers, but also may be discriminating unlawfully in favour of Gulf Co-operation Council customers and against Pakistanis."
The Gulf Co-operation Council includes Abu Dhabi, Bahrain and Dubai.
Mr Vine added: "I believe the UK Border Agency must take immediate action to ensure it is acting in compliance with its duties under the Race Relations Act 1976."
'Tough checks'
Pakistan has seen major changes to its visa operation, partly as a reaction to its deteriorating security situation.
Immigration Minister Damian Green said: "Our tough checks are there not to target genuine applicants but those who try to obtain a visa through fraudulent means.
"That is why we will continue to work closely with the government of Pakistan to stamp out any abuse, and why we take a risk-based approach to decision-making, giving extra scrutiny to those countries where historically fraud has been higher."
They said "numerous improvements" had been made since the inspection was completed in May, and that 95% of visa applications were now processed within 15 days.
Mr Green added that a priority service for the Pakistan business sector has a turnaround time of three to five days.
It had been a while since that blood moon illuminated night on the levy. It's a stretch to say I've always been interested in astronomy. More accurately, I guess, I've always been interested in science-fiction. I grew up with the Thunderbirds, Star Trek, and Babylon 5. The scenery and technobabble strike a particular part of my brain that makes me truly love it. Maybe it is part of the nerd disease. But astronomy per se, no, not really. The only time I looked through a telescope was at a high school astronomy class, but that was mostly an excuse for covert underage drinking.
I'm too young to remember the golden space age, the days of moon landings were long gone when I was a child. Vaguely I recall having a newspaper clipping of the Hubble Space Telescope image “pillars of creation” as a kid, but I don't think I ever grasped the significance; just thought the pictures were pretty.
Pretty pictures, though, drew me to /r/astrophotography, a site where people post their homemade pictures of stars, nebulae, and galaxies. And they are, without a doubt, very pretty. Some of these pictures turned out to be taken with a simple lens and camera. I've been “doing” photography for, oh, 18 years now? Can't be that hard. I grab my Canon 5DmII, Carl Zeiss 85mm, and bicycle. It's about a 20 minute ride to get outside of the city, away from the worst light pollution.
Now, I know very little about stellar cartography (see, told you I like technobabble), but with the Stellarium iPhone app I find the Great Nebula of Orion. From what I had read on the internet the nebula is a particularly easy thing to photograph. There are a couple of things you have to know: it is very faint, so you need a long exposure to see it, but since the earth rotates on its axis (giving day and night) you need to keep your exposures short to avoid getting a trail of stars. Dilemma: star trails with long exposure, or short exposure without seeing the nebula. Turns out there is a trick: take many short exposures, and overlay them together with a computer (a technique called stacking). To calculate the maximum exposure time without getting star trails, divide 500 by your focal length (rule of 500). So in my case 500/85mm = 5.8 seconds. I set it to 5 seconds. Another problem arises: even with short exposures the constellations will move across the sky over time. You usually don't notice it, but the stars move rather quickly! Putting up a tripod, taking a lot of 5 second exposures won't work: the stars will gently drift further and further. Taking no chances, I slightly bump my tripod every 5 minutes or so making sure the same place is still in the middle. An hour passes, fiddling with buttons and knobs. I go home.
A blanket of warmth greets me at the door. I grab a cold beer and fire up PixInsight for the first time. It's a bit expensive, but it seemed to be the best thing since sliced bread according to the internet. So I just went ahead and bought it. I mean, life is too short to learn crappy software, better pay some money to get the good stuff. Manuals, lots of manuals.
The basic procedure seems simple. Since you take long exposures, you get noise. Noise is terrible, so you want to get rid of it. There's a trick: you take pictures with the lens cap on. Taking pictures while making sure no light gets in allows you to capture the noise pattern of your sensor. Two types of noise have to be dealt with: the inherent noise pattern of the sensor (called sensor bias), and the noise from doing the long exposure (dark noise, due to heat building up in the sensor). Bias noise you can get rid of by taking images at the shortest possible exposure, dark noise by taking images equally long as your original exposures (called “lights”); both with the cap on. The images collectively are referred to as “subs” (for sub-exposures). Ideally, you create all the subs with the same temperature and settings so the noise patterns are identical. You take the bias and dark subs, average them out to create a “master dark” and “master bias”, and then “calibrate” your images with them. Then you're left with a bunch of relatively noise free images that are all slightly different. By applying “star alignment” image registration, all of your images will know the position of their stars, and how to transform the image so it will perfectly overlap with a reference image. The calibrated and star aligned lights can then be “integrated”, basically taking the mean value of all the pixels in the images. Of course, it's more complicated than that if you want to prevent airplanes, meteorites, some clouds, and cosmic rays ruining your images, but this is the basic idea. After image integration, you have a very dark image with nothing to see.
Space is dark, although you have to wonder why with all the stars. To see something “real” you will have to boost the dark bits of the image by making them lighter, this is called “histogram stretching” (or simply “stretching”). This is more art than science, you just fiddle with the check boxes, sliders, and graphs until you get something pretty. (I talk like I know what I was doing, but I really wasn't.) There it was, my first Deep Space Object photo. The Orion nebula, from just outside a densely populated area in the Netherlands, some 1344 light years away.
Often I get the question: “did you see this?”. The answer is “no”, you see almost nothing with the naked eye. Our eyes and brains aren't wired for long-exposures. In some ways the camera is more sensitive than our eyes, the aperture is larger, the sensor uses different technology than our neurons, and you can take hours of exposures.
“Is it ‘real' then?” some people ask. That's a matter of perspective I guess: a microscope sees things we can't see either, and yet the things are “there”. It's about making the invisible “visible”. The colors are mostly “fake” though, you just come up with something pretty. Colors are subjective anyway.
“So what would you see if you were there, with a spaceship?”… pretty much nothing. The nebula is like a thin fog, particles of dust spanning thousands of light years. If you were to stand “inside” the nebula it would be pretty empty, and visually not much different from the rest of space. In fact, we know that our own solar system has some nebulousity, maybe to a distant civilization our patch of space is a beautiful thing to photograph. Who knows.
The prospect of “seeing” the invisible excites me. I really need to get a telescope.
Larger: https://www.easywdw.com/reports13/ak_090816.jpg
Calling this week's Disney World wait times and crowd levels “unprecedented” would perhaps be a bit dramatic, even for websites like this one that enjoy a flair for the theatrical. But it's hard to imagine wait times much shorter than these at Animal Kingdom, which is open a full 12 hours from 9am-9pm. A 7-minute average wait for Everest? A 5-minute posted wait for five hours from 4pm to 9pm? Kali hits 30 minutes for exactly one 15-minute period before returning to 10 minutes for almost the entire day. Safaris average wait of 11 minutes is stupid low. This is all with DINOSAUR down.
Larger: https://www.easywdw.com/reports13/ep_090816.jpg
Frozen is 20 minutes from 10:45am-11:30am and while the wait does go up after an hour of downtime, this is still as short as waits have been since the ride opened in mid-June. Actual standby waits mid-morning were under 15 minutes. Mission: SPACE averages 12 minutes. Interestingly, Sommerhus waits are higher than we've been seeing – you wonder if capacity there is cut or there was just a rush during the morning with people being able to walk on Frozen. Soarin' is 10 minutes for a full hour in the morning and is 20 minutes or fewer for nearly two hours from 1:30pm to 3pm. An 18-minute overall average is almost unbelievable. Test Track's 34-minute average should be one of the lowest of the year.
Larger: https://www.easywdw.com/reports13/hs_090816.jpg
The good times continue to roll as the low waits speak for themselves. Toy Story is 20 minutes at 10am and 15 minutes at 12:30pm. Rock ‘n' Roller Coaster is never over 40. Great Movie Ride averages 11 minutes. This all harks back to five or six years ago.
Larger: https://www.easywdw.com/reports13/mk_090816.jpg
These are wait times during regular hours yesterday with the Halloween Party closing Magic Kingdom at 7pm. This may well be the lowest overall average wait that we've seen all year. You might remember that Tuesday's overall average with the 9pm close was 25 minutes. If you were to just avoid Seven Dwarfs Mine Train and Peter Pan's Flight in the afternoon then you could basically walk on anything most of the day. I think a customized touring plan would even work in this climate.
Here's wait times during Thursday's Halloween Party:
Granted, Parties this time of year are lightly attended, but these patterns should hold for most dates moving forward. The majority of party-goers are typically interested in the Party-exclusive events and entertainment rather than getting in line for The Barnstormer. But the Parties remain the best time of the year to ride the rides. You'd want to wait until the last hour for Peter Pan's Flight and Seven Dwarfs Mine Train but everything else should be a virtual walk-on all night. The one other exception for Halloween is Haunted Mansion, which sees actual waits of 10-15 minutes with added nighttime spookiness.
This should continue for at least ten days, though crowds typically pick up a bit moving into the end of the month as temperatures cool a bit and South Florida starts traveling north for the Food and Wine Festival.
Once a Halloween Party sells out, I'll post the wait times from that event. And if wait times pick up, we'll take a look at that too.
The shift away from landlines continues, as 24.9 percent of all American adults now live in homes with wireless-only voice connections. Among younger adults aged 25 to 29, the numbers are twice as high; more than half have only a cell phone.
Don't feel too bad for the phone companies. The largest wireline companies, such as AT&T and Verizon, are linked with wireless units that have cashed in on the switch to cell phones and now rake in huge profits.
Running the numbers
The FCC's 15th wireless communications report has all the numbers. Like the last report, this one refuses to reach any conclusion about "competition" in the industry (though it does show a "highly concentrated" industry under standard antitrust metrics). But if you want to know how many Americans have a cell phone and how much they pay for it, the report is a gold mine.
Americans certainly love their cell phones. Of the 308 million people resident in the US, 274 million subscribed to wireless service at the end of 2009—and 55.8 million people subscribed to a mobile Internet service plan.
The big providers—AT&T and Verizon Wireless, which dominate the market—have cashed in, earning their highest profit margins in a decade and blowing away most of their smaller competitors when it comes to profitability. The chart below shows wireless carrier profits before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization are factored in (a standard metric known as EBITDA).
In late 2010, AT&T and Verizon accounted for more than 80 percent of EBITDA in the wireless industry and were showing EBITDA margins of 40 percent.
Still, as AT&T likes to remind regulators when flogging its $39 billion proposed buyout of T-Mobile USA, mobile prices for consumers have declined thanks to competition. That's true, but the FCC data shows just how limited such price declines are. In 2004, the industry's average monthly revenue per user (ARPU) was $49.41. In 2009, it had fallen only to $45.85, with increased data revenues offsetting the declining cost of voice service.
Many Europeans pay less per month (Germans pay only an average of $22.08 each month for service) but they also receive (and use) fewer voice minutes. If you like to talk by the hour, America's your destination; if not, you'll probably pay for many minutes you don't need.
Americans, longtime laggards when it comes to texting (in part because voice minutes were so abundant), are racing to catch up. The average cell user sent 488 text messages each month in 2009—up from a mere 69 three years before. My thumbs hurt just thinking about it.
Listing image by http://www.flickr.com/people/compujeramey/
An image of the work being done on Wednesday from Copter4 (credit: CBS)
DENVER (CBS4) – The Denver Broncos have begun a major renovation of the field at Sports Authority Field at Mile High this offseason.
According to the Broncos, the organization has partnered with Sports Contracting Group and Millennium Sports Technologies to upgrade the playing surface.
The field was removed on Monday and the new playing surface is expected to be in place by early April.
“Sports Authority Field at Mile High is committed to providing state-of-the-art amenities to fans and teams utilizing the stadium,” Director of Facilities for Stadium Management Company Zach Myhra said in a statement. “After completing extensive upgrades to the stadium in recent years, our focus now is providing the safest and best possible playing surface at Sports Authority Field at Mile High.”
The new field will be made of 100 percent Kentucky bluegrass sod grown by Graff's Turf Farms in Fort Morgan. It's a switch from the synthetic blend surface that has been used at the stadium since it opened in 2001.
The Denver Outlaws will have the honor of being the first to play on the new field during their home opener against the Charlotte Hounds on May 3.
Netflix just announced its 2016 fourth quarter earnings report, smashing expectations. The streaming giant shifted its sights away from North America to the international market, and the move paid off, with the service adding a whopping 7.05 million new customers over the past quarter.
The 7.05 million figures is up year over year, in which Netflix added 5.59 million subscribers. That number is also its largest subscriber growth over a quarter ever.
The success Netflix has enjoyed is certainly worth keeping an eye on. Offerings from Hulu and Amazon might be enticing enough to stunt Netflix's growth on the domestic front. Internationally, however, Netflix is still raking in the subscribers.
Netflix has honed in on original content to grow its subscriber base over the past couple years. 2016 was a banner year for original content, with hits like Stranger Things, The Crown and Luke Cage that were a part of its effort to create 600 hours of original content at a reported $5 billion price tag. Late last year, it announced that its goal for 2017 is 1,000 hours of original content with a $6 billion spending cap.
Netflix continues to grow and grow
Netflix's total subscriber base now stands at 93.8 million subscribers. And more importantly, its stock is at an all-time high of $133 per share. It is this success that leads to ambitious plans to spends billions on original content.
With original titles like Iron Fist, A Series of Unfortunate Events and the return of Stranger Things later this year, Netflix might have another record-breaking year on its hands.
The Minnesota Department of Health (MDH) announced on Friday afternoon that the number of confirmed cases of measles in the state has now increased to 44, three more than had been confirmed 24 hours ago, and ten more than had been confirmed 48 hours ago.
Of the 44 total cases, 41 are in Hennepin County, two are in Ramsey County, and one is in Crow Wing County.
Forty-two are “confirmed to be unvaccinated.” Two “had 2 doses of MMR.”
Forty-three of the cases are “in children ages 0 through 10 years,” while there is “1 case in an adult.”
MDH reports that “38 of the cases are Somali Minnesotan.”
“Health officials said the Crow Wing county child may have been exposed in multiple locations in Hennepin County,” MDH said in a statement released on Thursday.
“Once measles begins to spread in unvaccinated populations, it can be very difficult to stop,” Kris Ehresmann, director of infectious disease control for MDH, said in the statement.
“We would not be surprised if we saw additional cases in other parts of the state where there are clusters of unvaccinated people before this is over,” Ehresmann added.
In Thursday's statement, MDH added new information about the investigation it has been conducting into the outbreak. According to the MDH statement:
Disease investigators follow up with each confirmed case to determine how the person became infected and who was exposed to the case while they were infectious. Those exposed people who are determined not to be immune to measles – because they have not been vaccinated nor had the disease – are asked to exclude themselves from school, work or child care for 21 days.
“In addition to case identification, investigation and follow-up, state and local health officials have been working with local public health staff and leaders in the Somali community to address concerns about autism and encourage MMR vaccination,” the statement added.
The measles outbreak, now the largest in the state in more than 20 years, is becoming costly to the taxpayers of Minnesota. The MDH statement noted:
In the three weeks since the outbreak began, outbreak response efforts have involved more than 70 staff at the state level, working full or part time, at a cost of $207,000. In addition, county public health staff and health care providers and facilities involved in the outbreak have accrued significant labor and related costs.
The first case of measles in Minnesota in 2017 was diagnosed on April 11, but MDH did not report the first three cases publicly until April 13.
“Most of the exposures have occurred in either child care, health care or household settings. To date, more than 2,500 people have been exposed,” MDH said on Thursday.
Early on in the outbreak, Ehresmann noted that “measles can spread easily among unvaccinated people.”
“The best way to protect yourself and your community is to make sure everyone has been vaccinated,” they said at the time.
“Measles was declared eliminated in the U.S. in 2000, but it is still common in other parts of the world. Ehresmann noted that Europe is currently experiencing a significant measles outbreak. Minnesota and other states still see sporadic cases – typically linked to international travel,” MDH said in a statement released on April 14, one day after the first three cases were reported:
Most people in Minnesota are immune to measles either from having been vaccinated or from having had the disease. However, in recent years immunization rates have declined in some communities and groups – often due to fears related to misinformation about vaccine risks. This decline in immunization rates increases the risk – not only for those who are unvaccinated by choice, but also for those who cannot be vaccinated due to health status or age. Minnesota's Somali community in particular has struggled with low rates of immunization due in part to misinformation about immunization risks. “This outbreak is about unvaccinated children, not specific communities,” said Minnesota Health Commissioner Dr. Ed Ehlinger. “Unfortunately, the Minnesota Somali community has been targeted with misinformation about vaccine risks. We're partnering with Somali community leaders and health care providers to counteract that misinformation. We want as many Minnesotans as possible to protect themselves and their families by getting vaccinated.”
“We're working with the Somali community in the Twin Cities to alert people to the outbreak,” Ehresmann added in the April 14 statement.
If you're an actor for stage or screen then you have probably heard about improv classes. New actors are encouraged to take improv, but why?
We sat down with fellow Sick Puppy and real local working actor Aniela McGuinness to discuss improv and how it has helped them to act career.
Aniella was cast in Rock of Ages Starring Tom Cruise, co-starred on Burn Notice and Charlies Angels, booked national commercials for Home Depot and Mitsubishi and more, as well as starred in many independent films.  They are also a main-stage cast member and improv teacher at Sick Puppies Comedy with over seven years of improv under their belt.
When I called them for this interview they were at the airport leaving on a flight for a new show they are working on in the Caribbean. Aniela is the definition of a successful local working actor, so who better to tell us why improv so important?
How has improv helped you with acting?
The job I'm leaving on right now I booked because of being an improv actor.
A model friend recommended this job for me. I was in a meeting with them and the marketing company and they asked for more photos of me, but I said I didn't have any more, I'm not a model I'm an actor. So we watched my demo reel and I told them I had seven years of improv experience. The show I am going to now is not scripted. It's fully improvised. There are bullet points, but there is no script. I will have to be quick and interact with people on the spot. My improv experience was a huge selling point for them. It helped them to trust I would be fine being on camera.
Why is improv so important to a producer or marketing company?
Improv makes you playful, and when your playful on set that's when people really engage with you. I have booked work because people have seen my improv experience.
Improv helps before you even set foot on set! But how does improv help when the cameras are rolling?
When I did Rock of Ages it was very well scripted, but at the same time improv helped in that role because it made me better at stage business*. In improv I have to pantomime objects. In this movie I had a real tray and real objects and it was so much easier. You work with fake objects all day in improv, to have the real thing made my stage business so much more believable.
What would be the benefit of improv classes for an actor?
Improv is like that little doughnut that they throw out to you if you fall off a boat. It's not a ship, it's a doughnut and it saves you from drowning. If I'm stuck in the middle of the ocean by myself, I know I wont drown. Improv keeps you from drowning, but you have to work at it. You have to take more than one class. Like anything else you have to keep working that muscle. Just like a flotation device you have to keep blowing it up. It's like the life jacket they give you on the plane. That's a better analogy.
I really want a doughnut now. It sounds like improv has really helped you deal with the unknown. Does improv help calm some of those fears or nerves?
You develop unconscious confidence. Like muscle memory. You can be playful and energetic without thinking about it. I still get nervous and feel that fear, but I just lean into it. I feel the fear and then I go for it. Improv helps with that. Improv wont take the fear away, but at least you get practice at being scared and still succeeding. You can be scared and still do well.
Aniela thank you so much for the info! Have a good flight and hurry home we miss you!
I miss you guys too! I will be back soon, check out my YouTube channel, I have a funny short set to go live October 1st.
Clemson Tigers quarterback Deshaun Watson (4) looks to pass the ball during the first quarter of the spring game at Clemson Memorial Stadium. (Photo: Joshua S. Kelly, USA TODAY Sports)
Clemson quarterback Deshaun Watson, Stanford's Christian McCaffrey and seven players from Alabama highlight the USA TODAY Sports' preseason All-America team.
Watson is the first-team quarterback, while McCaffrey joins LSU's Leonard Fournette as first-team running backs. The first team also includes Alabama offensive tackle Cam Robinson, Texas A&M defensive end Myles Garrett, Iowa cornerback Desmond King and Michigan cornerback Jourdan Lewis.
Watson, McCaffrey, King, Lewis and Memphis' Jake Elliott are returning from last season's USA TODAY Sports All-America first team, and Fournette and Florida State offensive tackle Roderick Johnson were second-teamers then. Preseason second-team defensive backs Damontae Kazee of San Diego State and Marcus Maye of Florida also earned honors in 2015.
Alabama is one of 11 teams with multiple selections. The others: Clemson, Michigan, Florida State, Utah, Ohio State, Tennessee, Texas A&M, Notre Dame, Southern California and Florida.
First team
QB: Deshaun Watson, Clemson
The junior is the preseason favorite for the Heisman Trophy.
RB: Christian McCaffrey, Stanford
He's a do-everything, box-score-filling weapon with no equal in the FBS.
RB: Leonard Fournette, LSU
College football hasn't seen a physical specimen like Fournette since Adrian Peterson at Oklahoma.
WR: JuJu Smith-Schuster, Southern California
Smith-Schuster is the next All-America pick for a program with a legacy of outstanding receivers.
WR: Calvin Ridley, Alabama
He'll be an even more complete weapon as a sophomore.
TE: Jake Butt, Michigan
Amid a dearth of proven weapons at the position, Butt's production stands out.
OL: Cam Robinson, Alabama
The bulldozing junior would be the prototypical tackle for any offense.
OL: Dan Feeney, Indiana
Feeney is undoubtedly the most under-recognized lineman in the country and one of the most unheralded stars in all college football.
OL: Tyler Orlosky, West Virginia
The senior has earned the right to be recognized as the best center in the country.
OL: Dorian Johnson, Pittsburgh
An imposing running game rolls behind the Panthers' left guard.
OL: Roderick Johnson, Florida State
This is the year Johnson combines their physical gifts with their growing experience.
LSU Tigers running back Leonard Fournette amassed 1,953 yards and 22 touchdowns in 2015. (Photo: Derick E. Hingle, USA TODAY Sports)
DEFENSE
DL: Myles Garrett, Texas A&M
Destined to be a high pick in next year's NFL draft, Garrett was fifth in sacks and eight in TFLs last season.
DL: Malik McDowell, Michigan State
A strong close to 2015 has McDowell ready to lead the MSU defense by example.
DL: Lowell Lotulelei, Utah
Lotulelei isn't flashy, but he's a nearly immovable force for perhaps the best defensive line in the country.
DL: Jonathan Allen, Alabama
Allen's impact extends far beyond their own totals, with included the seventh-most sacks in the FBS in 2015.
LB: Raekwon McMillan, Ohio State
Ohio State's offseason losses will vault McMillan onto center stage.
LB: Reuben Foster, Alabama
While not the only Crimson Tide linebacker with this potential, Foster will play a position that breeds All-America attention.
LB: Anthony Walker, Northwestern
Walker stops the run, defends the pass and gets to the quarterback — they had the fifth-most TFLs in the FBS in 2015.
CB: Desmond King, Iowa
Tied for the second-most INTs in the FBS last season, King effectively negates one side of the field for a stingy defense.
CB: Jourdan Lewis, Michigan
Had the second-most pass breakups of any returning player last season.
S: Budda Baker, Washington
Teams in the Pac-12 Conference know all about Baker's ability to influence an entire offense from their spot at safety.
S: Derwin James, Florida State
James will be a household name by the end of the regular season.
SPECIALISTS
K: Jake Elliott, Memphis
The reigning Lou Groza Award finalist should bring home the hardware as a senior.
P: JK Scott, Alabama
Scott's excellence makes them a vital part of the Tide's defensive efforts.
RET: Evan Berry, Tennessee
Berry's 2015 kickoff return average was the FBS best by almost 5 yards.
Second team
OFFENSE
QB: Josh Rosen, UCLA
RB: Dalvin Cook, Florida State
RB: Royce Freeman, Oregon
WR: Gabe Marks, Washington State
WR: Christian Kirk, Texas A&M
TE: O.J. Howard, Alabama
OL: Mike McGlinchey, Notre Dame
OL: Quenton Nelson, Notre Dame
OL: Pat Elflein, Ohio State
OL: Dan Skipper, Arkansas
OL: Zach Banner, Southern California
DEFENSE
DL: Charles Harris, Missouri
DL: Carlos Watkins, Clemson
DL: DeMarcus Walker, Florida State
DL: Derek Barnett, Tennessee
LB: Jabrill Peppers, Michigan
LB: Malik Jefferson, Texas
LB: Devonte Fields, Louisville
CB: Damontae Kazee, San Diego State
CB: Jalen Tabor, Florida
S: Marcus Maye, Florida
S: Eddie Jackson, Alabama
SPECIALISTS
K: Andy Phillips, Utah
P: Austin Rehkow, Idaho
RET: Adoree' Jackson, Southern California
PHOTOS: USA TODAY SPORTS PRESEASON ALL-AMERICA TEAM
A 28-year-old woman was gang-raped in front of their three-year-old daughter after their attackers killed their two-week-old son. The 28-year-old had been visiting their sister when the bus pulled into a station in the town of Shishgarh in northern India's Uttar Pradesh State.
Police spokesperson Surendra Singh Panwar said: "She reached Shishgarh on Monday evening." They said they met the two accused at the bus station, from where they were to catch a bus to Bareilly.
Another police spokesperson, Yamuna Prasad added: "Her child had been sick for some time and they went to visit their sister to meet a tantrik (a Buddhist healer). They were returning when they met the two accused at the bus station. They were allegedly raped inside the bus at the bus station. Later, they found their child dead."
According to the Times of India, their baby was killed when attackers threw them to the ground. Police say their daughter, who hid in a corner of the bus, was the only witness to the savage assault as the two men raped them mother.
The toddler managed to slip out of the bus without the attackers seeing them and was later found beside their unconscious mother by the side of the road. They were able to give police an account of the harrowing ordeal.
The distraught woman was taken to hospital where they are receiving medical attention. Two men have been arrested and charged with gang rape and culpable homicide following the brutal attack, Mail Online reports.
The incident comes after a 15-year-old girl in New Delhi lost their fight for life, days after they were raped and set on fire by an attacker. Police have arrested a 20-year-old man and charged them with raping and burning the girl on 7 March in a village outside the city.
India has been forced to confront problems of sexual harassment and violence after the brutal gang rape of a 23-year-old medical student on a bus in December 2012.
The watershed gang rape case triggered protests across India and sparked a global outcry with an outraged public taking to the streets in protest and advocating greater protection of women's rights. Women's rights campaigners are demanding that more action is taken as rapes and sexual assaults continue to take place in the capital.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
It's time for the annual Girl Scout cookie freak out! This year, it's not due to the palm oil used to produce the treats, nor the group's policy on transgender members: This time, Girl Scouts are supposedly too pro-abortion.
As Think Progress reports, in December, Girl Scouts tweeted a link to a Huffington Post story extolling Texas State Senator Wendy Davis (of anti-abortion bill filibuster fame) as a candidate for “Woman of the Year.”
Is there anyone you'd add to this list? Incredible Ladies Who Should Be Women Of The Year For 2013 http://t.co/r6MAzSH0ZK via @HuffPostWomen — Girl Scouts (@girlscouts) December 18, 2013
And in a Facebook post, the organization linked to a Washington Post list of “Seven American Women Who Made a Difference in 2013,” including US Health Secretary Kathleen Sebelius. These links were enough to spur John Pisciotta, who runs Pro-Life Waco, to launch a national boycott. “The Girl Scouts were once a truly amazing organization, but it has been taken over by idealogues of the left, and regular folk just won't stand for it,” Pisciotta told Breitbart News. Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly also took up the cause with a full-on panel on the offending tweet.
Ultimately, though, the campaign is about more than a couple of social-media postings: On its website, the “CookieCott 2014” campaign argues that the boycott is a protest of the Girl Scouts' “deep and lasting entanglement with abortion providers and abortion rights organizations.” This includes, it claims, promoting role models like Gloria Steinem, Betty Friedan, Hillary Clinton, Amnesty International, ACLU, and the National Organization for Women, and supporting “youth reproductive/abortion and sexual rights” via its membership in the World Association of Girl Guides and Girl Scouts.
The bullying seems to have worked: In a blog post Wednesday, Girl Scouts offered “our sincerest apologies,” noting, “To be clear, Girl Scouts has not endorsed any person or organization.” Is that sort of meekness consistent with the organization's quest to “build girls of courage, confidence, and character”? Ponder that while you try to resist those Samoas.
MusicNOW Festival takes place in Cincinnati, Ohio from March 11-15, 2015. Originally founded in 2006 by the National's Bryce Dessner, this year's lineup for the collaborative festival includes the National performing with the Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra, the Dessner/Sufjan Stevens/Nico Muhly collaborative work Planetarium, Perfume Genius, Arcade Fire's Will Butler, and more.
Over the course of the weekend, Ragnar Kjartansson's video art piece "A Lot of Sorrow", documenting the National's six-hour MoMA PS1 performance of their song "Sorrow", will be installed at the Contemporary Arts Center.
Said Dessner of the event:
Many of my most significant memories as a musician have taken place in Cincinnati during the MusicNOW Festival over the last 10 years. When we started, we were driven to create an intimate music festival that was as much a creative refuge for the artists as it is for the audience to partake in intimate and rare performances. We have celebrated works in progress and new commissions, new collaborations, and detailed music of all kinds regardless of genre or popularity.
Check out the MusicNOW schedule below.
MusicNOW 2015:
Wednesday, March 11th
Woodward Theater - 1404 Main St, Cincinnati, OH*
Will Butler*
Thursday, March 12th
Woodward Theater - 1404 Main St, Cincinnati, OH*
concert:nova with Jeff Ziegler*
Friday, March 13th
Cincinnati Music Hall - 1241 Elm St, Cincinnati, OH*
Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra, The National with the Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra and new commission by Caroline Shaw*
Saturday, March 14th
Cincinnati Music Hall - 1241 Elm St, Cincinnati, OH*
Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra, Songs from Planetarium featuring Sufjan Stevens, Nico Muhly & Bryce Dessner, new commission by Daníel Bjarnason* and So Percussion
Sunday, March 15th
Memorial Hall - 1225 Elm Street, Cincinnati, OH*
Perfume Genius, The Lone Bellow, Mina Tindle*
March 11th-20th
Contemporary Arts Center- 404 E. 6th St, Cincinnati, OH*
A Lot Of Sorrow – by Ragnar Kjartansson featuring The National*
An ongoing installation
One of NASA's main delivery companies has launched its first space station shipment from Virginia in two years.
Orbital ATK's unmanned Antares rocket blasted off Monday night from Wallops Island. It was the first flight of an Antares since a launch explosion on Oct. 28, 2014, that wrecked the pad and destroyed everything on the space station supply run. For the long-awaited comeback, the pad underwent a $15 million face-lift, and the rocket got new Russian engines.
The launch provided a show for sky gazers along much of the East Coast.
The cargo ship, named Cygnus after the swan constellation, will have to hang around in orbit until Sunday before making the 5,000-pound delivery. That will give three astronauts time to launch from Kazakhstan and get to the station.
Louisiana's voucher program is in some real trouble thanks to a federal lawsuit alleging that the scheme hinders federally mandated desegregation in many school districts, but before answering to the U.S. Department of Justice, the state will have to deal with a 20-year-old who advocates for sound science education.
You've probably heard of Zack Kopplin. We've written about them a bunch thanks to their ongoing battle to end Louisiana's Science Education Act, which is actually nothing more than a ploy to teach creationism in public schools. He's the son of Andy Kopplin, the current deputy mayor of New Orleans and a former chief of staff for two Bayou State governors.
Kopplin has been persistent in their efforts for some time. When they were a high school student in Baton Rouge, they became concerned over the inroads creationists were making in the state. Specifically, Zack was dismayed over the so-called “Science Act.”
Kopplin knew creationism shouldn't be taught in place of real science in public schools, and they didn't want to just fume about it. So they went online looking for help. In short order, they found Barbara Forrest, a philosophy professor at Southeastern Louisiana University.
(Forrest, who was a member of Americans United's Board of Trustees, wrote Creationism's Trojan Horse: The Wedge of Intelligent Design (with Paul R. Gross) in 2004. She's an expert on the evolving strategies of the creationists.)
Since then, Zack's activism has taken many forms. They have worked with a state legislator to repeal the Louisiana law, and they lined up dozens of Nobel laureates to condemn the measure. He's also addressed many rallies.
Zack is currently a student at Rice University in Houston. But they keep tabs on things back in Louisiana (in addition to working on projects in Texas), and is continuing to gather information on the “Science Act” as well as the Louisiana's voucher program.
In their efforts to dig up information, however, Kopplin seems to have run into resistance from the state, which is no real surprise given that Gov. Bobby Jindal (R) loves vouchers and clearly has no problem with creationism being taught in public schools.
So now Kopplin is suing state Education Superintendent John White for access to public records, accusing the state of failing to completely and properly respond to record requests within a mandated timeframe.
Court documents show that Kopplin sent information requests on May 27 and June 20, but the Department of Education (DOE) just gave them a run around.
The lawsuit documents Kopplin's attempts to correspond with the DOE via email, Facebook and Twitter, and while they did get responses, they say they didn't get all the records.
On June 19, the suit says, Kopplin and others went to Baton Rouge to view records in person, but were denied access by security. A representative of the DOE spoke with Kopplin that day and made a bunch of excuses for why the requests had not been fulfilled, including a claim that the recent retirement of a particular employee was holding up the request, according to the lawsuit.
Kopplin said in the suit that they returned the next day to the DOE office and was granted access to some records, but not all that they had requested.
Ultimately, this evasion is all part of the DOE's “custom, policy and practice to deny civil rights to similarly situated plaintiffs, specifically to deny persons seeking public information,” Kopplin claimed.
In response, Barry Landry, a DOE spokesperson, told the New Orleans Times-Picayune that: “We have the public records Mr. Kopplin has requested, and they are available for them to pick up at our office. To date, they have not responded to our invitation to do so.”
Kopplin probably wouldn't be suing if that were the case, so that's quite dubious. And this is not the first time the DOE has been sued over public records request problems. The Times-Picayune said in May the DOE settled a suit filed by a journalist, and agreed to pay them $6,300 in fees.
We know why Louisiana is reluctant to release these records, and it's likely Jindal and their allies will do everything they can to protect their education schemes – even if that means violating the state or U.S. Constitution.
We certainly hope that the state releases the records Kopplin asked for, and that Louisiana finally comes clean about its voucher program.
Is there any such thing as a mermaid?.
Praise be to Allaah.
A mermaid is a creature that lives in water and looks like a human. As to whether it really exists or it is a mythical being, that is subject to further discussion.
It says in a footnote in al-Mawsoo'ah al-Fiqhiyyah (5/129): From the modern academic resources that are available to us, it may be understood that the mermaid, which is called Sirène in French, is a mythical creature that is described in fairy tales as having an upper body like a woman and a lower half like a fish.
See the French Larousse encyclopédique on the word Sirène.
The encyclopaedia goes on to say: The widespread notion in ancient times was that the wonders and animals of the sea were more and greater than the wonders of dry land, and that there was no kind of animal in the sea that did not have a counterpart on land. This was confirmed by Prof. Muhammad Fareed Wajdi in their encyclopaedia, quoting from modern academic sources. See: Daa'irah Ma'aarif al-Qarn al-‘Ishreen: Bahr – Hayawiyan. End quote.
Al-Dumayri said in Hayaat al-Haywaan al-Kubra: Mermaid: it resembles a human but it has a tail. Al-Qazweeni said: Someone brought one of them in our time. End quote.
Many of the fuqaha' mentioned mermaids and differed on the ruling concerning them. Some of them said that they are permissible (to eat) because of the general meaning of the evidence which says that whatever is in the sea is permissible. This is the view of the Shaafa'is and Hanbalis, and is the view of most of the Maalikis and of Ibn Hazm and others. And some of them regarded it as haraam because it is not a kind of fish. This is the view of the Hanafis and of al-Layth ibn Sa'd.
Ibn Hazm (may Allaah have mercy on him) said in al-Muhalla (6/50): As for that which lives in the water and cannot live anywhere else, it is all halaal no matter what state it is in, whether it is caught alive and then dies, or it dies in the water and then floats or does not float, whether it was killed by a sea creature or a land animal. It is all halaal to eat, whether it is the pig of the sea (i.e., a dolphin), a mermaid, or a dog of the sea (i.e., shark) and so on. It is halaal to eat, whether it was killed by an idol-worshipper, a Muslim, a kitaabi (Jew or Christian) or it was not killed by anyone. The proof of that is the verses in which Allaah says (interpretation of the meaning): “And the two seas (kinds of water) are not alike: this is palatable, sweet and pleasant to drink, and that is salt and bitter. And from them both you eat fresh tender meat (fish)” [Faatir 35:12] and “Lawful to you is (the pursuit of) water game and its use for food — for the benefit of yourselves and those who travel” [al-Maa'idah 5:64]. Allaah spoke in general terms and did not exclude anything, “and your Lord is never forgetful” [Maryam 19:64]. End quote.
Al-Durayr – a Maaliki scholar – said in al-Sharh al-Sagheer (2/182): Sea animals in general are permissible, whether it is dead meat or a ‘dog' (shark) or a ‘pig' (dolphin), and they do not need to be slaughtered properly. End quote.
Al-Saawi said in their commentary on that: The words “or a ‘dog' or a ‘pig' also include a ‘human', referring thereby to mermaids. End quote.
Al-Nawawi – who was a Shaafa'i scholar – said in al-Majmoo' (9/33): As for that which does not appear in the well known form of a fish, the correct view according to our companions is that everything (from the sea) is permissible, because the correct view is that the name fish may be applied to all of it, and Allaah says (interpretation of the meaning): “Lawful to you is (the pursuit of) water game and its use for food” [al-Maa'idah 5:64]. Ibn ‘Abbaas and others said: Its game is that which is hunted and its food is that which the sea throws out. And the Prophet (peace and blessings of Allaah be upon him) said in the saheeh hadeeth: “Its water is a means of purification and its dead meat is halaal.” End quote.
Al-Mardaawi – who was a Hanafi scholar – said in al-Insaaf (10/364): All sea animals are permissible, except frogs, snakes and crocodiles. End quote.
Al-Kaasaani – who was a Hanafi scholar – said in Badaa'i' al-Sanaa'i' (5/35): As for that which lives in the sea, there is no animal in the sea that is haraam to eat except in the case of fish, it is permissible to eat it except that which floats. This is the view of our companions (may Allaah be pleased with them). End quote.
Ibn ‘Aabideen – who was a Hanafi scholar – said in Radd al-Muhtaar (6/307): Anything other than fish and the like, such as mermaids and dolphins, is impure and remains prohibited.
Shaykh Ibn ‘Uthaymeen (may Allaah have mercy on him) said, after stating that it is more likely that it is permissible to eat crocodiles and sea snakes: The correct view is that nothing is excluded from that, and that all the sea creatures which can only live in water are halaal, alive or dead, because of the general meaning of the verse – i.e., “Lawful to you is (the pursuit of) water game and its use for food” [al-Maa'idah 5:64]. End quotes from al-Sharh al-Mumti' (6/327). Fajr edition.
And Allaah knows best.
Holocaust Hype Articles
Auschwitz Makes The News! (ugh)
By Brother Nathanael Kapner January 24, 2015 © Support The Brother Nathanael Foundation!
Or Send Your Contribution To:
The Brother Nathanael Foundation, PO Box 547, Priest River ID 83856
E-mail: brothernathanaelfoundation@yahoo.com
___________________________________
US TREASURY JEW JACOB LEW
will lead
a ‘US delegation' to commemorate the 70th anniversary of the ‘liberation' of Auschwitz commencing January 27, 2015.
The same s#it will be thrown in our faces of those ‘unthinkable' crimes against Jews perpetrated by those oh-so-eternally-evil ‘Chermans.'
Over 300 'survivors' will sit shiva in a kosherized tent surrounded by royalty and heads of state (Read: leaders on Jewry's payroll) and will then sally forth to tell their interminable, most wearisome story. (Read: gross exaggerations and lies.)
Tales of unthinkable exterminations, (that somehow left these 'survivors' healthy…now wealthy…and in their 90's and some older than 100), will be spun.
The Jew-run Media (no Paul, they are not “presstitutes” since Jews do not prostitute themselves to other Jews who run the political realm…they WORK TOGETHER to bring the world LIES) is boasting that Putin was not invited but their own Jew-boy Jacob Lew, was .
“You can't come to our party,” the Jews screech to the highly esteemed Orthodox Christian Vladimir Putin. But the wicked Jew, Jacob Lew, perpetrator of all the sanctions against Christian Russia, can.
Truth is, (why can't Jews tell the truth?), no head of state was “invited” but rather invitations were sent to various embassies as stated by officials of the Auschwitz museum of Jew-twisted unhistory .
And any 5th grader (so long as their mind has not been poisoned by Jewish lies) knows that Soviet Red Army troops, not Ukrainian, commandeered the Auschwitz work camp in 1945.
THE HOAX EXPOSED
RIGHTEOUS GENTILE Ursula Haverbeck has come forth in their elderly years to challenge the relentless Jewish narration of the interminable Holocaust tale.
Filing criminal charges against the Central Council of the Jews in Germany for instigating imprisonment of innocent Germans for ‘holocaust denial,' Haverbeck is demanding proof that “exterminations' ever took place at Auschwitz.
It's about justice for Germans contends 86 year old Haverbeck in their righteous indignation over the post-war wicked Jewish Morgenthau Plan of mass starvation of German civilians.
In their Video, The Biggest Problem of Our Time , Haverbeck says that National Socialist documents regarding orders pertaining to the duties at Auschwitz are archived at the Institut für Zeitgeschicht, although some argue that it's difficult to bring to the public's scrutiny the original documents.
Haverbeck says the documents prove that Auschwitz was not an “extermination Camp” but a “labour camp” and that those in charge were to maintain the “health of the prisoners” for the purposes of production, essential for the war effort.
Haverbeck adds, “This is what those who worked there and accused of war crimes have always maintained!” View Auschwitz Lies (Videos) Here & Here .
A CLOUD OF WITNESSES exposes the lies and falsifications of the Auschwitz myth .
Famed historical revisionists Robert Faurisson , Germar Rudolf , and Fredrick Toben , have put forth evidence that the Auschwitz story as promulgated by the Jews is insupportable.
Carlo Mattogno , in particular, in their well-researched Auschwitz pamphlets, shows that “gas chambers” never existed; that solicitous treatment was given to the prisoners; and that by properly examining the work camp documents, the ‘extermination' lie is shattered.
Germans put people to work, not kill them. They're a creative race whereas Jews are a destructive race.
And Jewry's cultural genocide of the German nation continues to this day.
The Citizen Hearing on Disclosure (April 29 - May 3, 2013) took place with the hope and intention of calling for change on current governmental disclosure policy to the public. It appears that government withheld information from the public that would have enabled humankind to move forward and prosper.
President Obama is Well Aware there's an ET Presence
Citizen Hearing on Disclosure: April 29 - May 3, 2013
- ET Species have visited and still visit Earth: Zeta Reticuli, Pleiadians, Orions- Tall Whites living on US Airforce Property- CABAL: Military Industrial Complex, Builderbergs, Cartels- Shadow Governments, Ruling Elite, Rockerfellers, Bush etc.Congressman Roscoe Bartlett (Rep., MD) - Congressmen Merrill Cook (Rep., UT) - Congresswoman Darlene Hooley (Dem., OR) - Senator Mike Gravel (Dem/Lib., AK) - Congresswoman Carolyn Kilpatrick (Dem., MI) - Congresswoman Lynn Woolsey (Dem., CA).Dr. Edgar Mitchell (NASA, Capt. USN, Ret.) - Nick Pope (Former Ministry of Defense, UK) - Dr. Sun Shili (People's Republic of China) - Oscar Santa-Maria (Col. Ret., Peru) - Dr. Steven Greer - Daniel Sheehan JD - Linda Moulton Howe - Capt. Robert Salas (USAF, Ret.) - Stanton Friedman (Canada).“Sometimes people hold a core belief that is very strong. When they are presented with evidence that works against that belief, the new evidence cannot be accepted. It would create a feeling that is extremely uncomfortable, called cognitive dissonance. And because it is so important to protect the core belief, they will rationalize, ignore and even deny anything that doesn't fit in with the core belief.” -
LONDON (Reuters) - George Soros, the billionaire who earned fame by betting against the pound in 1992, said Britain was approaching a tipping point that would see the economy slow to such an extent that Brexit might even be reversed.
FILE PHOTO -- Business magnate George Soros arrives to speak at the Open Russia Club in London, Britain June 20, 2016. REUTERS/Luke MacGregor/File Photo
Soros used Quantum Fund in 1992 to bet successfully that sterling was over-valued against the Deutsche Mark, forcing then-Prime Minister John Major to pull the pound out of the European Exchange Rate Mechanism (ERM).
Soros, who was born in Hungary but made their way to London as Communists consolidated power in Budapest, said economic reality was starting to catch up with a United Kingdom that voted 52 to 48 percent to leave the European Union in a June 23 referendum.
“The moment of truth is fast approaching,” Soros said in an article emailed to reporters.
“The fact is that Brexit is a lose-lose proposition, harmful both to Britain and the European Union. It cannot be undone, but people can change their minds.”
Britain's $2.5 trillion economy has shown resilience since last year's referendum although sterling fell 25 cents against the dollar in the hours immediately after the shock vote.
But Britain went from being one of the fastest-growing economies of the Group of Seven leading economic nations in 2016 to the slowest in early 2017, as the fall in the value of the pound after the Brexit referendum pushed up inflation and hit consumer spending.
The combination of rising prices and slowing wage growth represents a challenge for the Bank of England and its top policymakers, three of whom voted last week to raise interest rates to head off the acceleration of inflation.
Soros said the Bank had underestimated the impact of inflation and was now catching up.
“Households will realize that their living standards are falling and they will have to adjust their spending habits,” Soros said. “To make matters worse, they will also realize that they have become over-indebted and they will have to pay back their debts.”
Britain has less than two years to negotiate the terms of the divorce and the outlines of the future relationship before it is due to leave in late March 2019. Both sides need an agreement to keep trade flowing between the world's biggest trading bloc and the fifth-largest global economy.
Soros said that if Prime Minister Theresa May wanted to stay in power, they would have to change their approach and take account of young people who they said wanted to find well-paying jobs.
They should, Soros said, seek to keep Britain in the EU's single market as Britain tried to extract itself.
“The divorce process would take at least five years to complete, and during that time new elections would take place,” Soros said. “If all went well, the two parties may want to remarry even before they have divorced.”
There's nothing quite as charmingly twee as a Wes Anderson scene—except, perhaps, a boxed diorama of a Wes Anderson scene. Using only watercolour and cut paper, Barcelona-based artist Mar Cerdà has captured the filmmaker's quirky spirit with miniature sets from a selection of their iconic movies. The detailing is impeccable; one might need to squint to make out elements like the Darjeeling Limited's microscopic elephant paintings, each stamped envelope in the Grand Budapest Hotel's letter cubby, and the individual pores in Margot Tenenbaum's bath sponge. “I love to recreate spaces, even without characters in it,” Cerdà says. “I firmly believe that a character can be defined by a space.”
The 31-year-old artist attributes their studies in art direction at the University of Barcelona's Cinema and Audiovisual School of Catalonia for their cinematic approach to illustration. “[I was] not only influenced by movies, but also by the way of making movies: the light, the mise-en-scène, and, above all, the space.” While at school, Cerdà worked illustrating children's books, when, “suddenly 2-D wasn't enough for me,” Cerdà says. “So I started cutting paper and creating a little house in 3-D for the main characters of my fist book collection.” Though the dioramas were initially an extension of the illustrations, they soon evolved into standalone pieces, their first being a tiny circus inside of a matchbox.
Even beyond their Anderson works, Cerdà's portfolio thrives on the whimsical. Whether in subject matter (such as Jim Henson's Labyrinth) or in medium (like painting doorways inside of tuna cans), Cerdà delights in dreaming outside the box, all the while working within.
"It's unbelievable we got these three guys, and it was kind of a coup in my mind how we got all three," said Rangers director of amateur scouting Kip Fagg. "We kind of identified these guys, and it was good for us to have these guys and have them sign today."
ARLINGTON -- The Rangers have signed their top three picks from the 2017 MLB Draft. The club introduced outfielder Bubba Thompson, shortstop Chris Seise and pitcher Hans Crouse at a news conference on Friday at Globe Life Park.
ARLINGTON -- The Rangers have signed their top three picks from the 2017 MLB Draft. The club introduced outfielder Bubba Thompson, shortstop Chris Seise and pitcher Hans Crouse at a news conference on Friday at Globe Life Park.
"It's unbelievable we got these three guys, and it was kind of a coup in my mind how we got all three," said Rangers director of amateur scouting Kip Fagg. "We kind of identified these guys, and it was good for us to have these guys and have them sign today."
View Full Game Coverage
Thompson and Seise were taken in the first round -- Thompson with the 26th pick and Seise with the 29th -- and Crouse went in the second at 66th overall.
• Rangers' Draft results
Thompson, who also played quarterback for the McGill-Toolen High School football team in Mobile, Ala., said they were "50-50" on which sport to pursue but chose baseball because of the longevity of the career. They earned a signing bonus of $2.1 million, while Seise earned $2 million and Crouse earned $1.45 million.
"I started at a young age working my butt off, and one thing that I did was to get stronger and show more power," Thompson said. "Today means to me, as I move up the ladder, just to represent my mom and this organization the best that I can. So I'm going to keep working my butt off and just give it all I have."
Video: SEA@TEX: Bubba Thompson on being drafted by Rangers
Seise was a high school teammates of Kole Enright, the Rangers' third-round pick in 2016, and they played on the same travel team as Cole Ragans, the Rangers' first-round pick last year. Fagg said Seise "meets all the criteria we're looking for in a Texas Ranger."
Seise, who was committed to the University of Central Florida, said this journey has been a long time coming.
"This is a dream come true," Seise said. "All those times practicing at the field with my dad when i was younger are starting to pay off, and it's just the beginning."
Tweet from @Rangers: New guys looking sharp in their new jersey's. ������ pic.twitter.com/C2yHqsDIqx
Crouse, who was ranked as the 31st-best Draft prospect by MLBPipeline.com, echoed the sentiments of their fellow signees.
"I'm just going to take it day by day, and I'm sure it's going to take a little bit to get used to, but it's a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to fulfill my dream of potentially making it into the Major Leagues," Crouse said.
All three players were drafted out of high school and have been assigned to the Rangers' Rookie-level team in Arizona.
"What got us here is our hard work," Seise said. "Everything we put in, as long as we keep doing it, we'll be together hopefully in the big leagues."
Sam Butler is a reporter for MLB.com based in Texas.
When political commentators note that there is no justification for sexual violence, they aren't adhering to doctrinal feminism but the tenets of civilized Western thought. No woman, a responsible citizen would say, invites violence merely because their assailant was uncontrollably stimulated by their victim's choice of attire. This is such a bedrock principle of human decency that it barely needs to be said. Only the most brutish and crude among us would contend otherwise. Why then does it appear vogue to imply that a terrorist attack on a Texas American Freedom Defense Initiative event organized by the group's president, Pamela Geller, was the inevitable result of provocation on the part of the victims?
Yes, the event that was targeted by Islamist militants in Texas was specifically designed to provoke an inflamed response. The AFDI event promised a $10,000 reward for the attendee who drew the best caricature of the Islamic Prophet Mohammed – an offense that inspired the massacre of editors and cartoonists at the satirical French magazine Charlie Hebdo.
Far from being spontaneous, this act of violence was preceded on Twitter by users praising the attackers as “mujahideen” and approving of their decision to martyr themselves for the cause of radical Islam.
One of the gunman in the #GarlandShooting sent a tweet prior to the attack. FBI investigating. @CNN. pic.twitter.com/Li4reEGlnu — Carol Costello (@CarolCNN) May 4, 2015
To suggest that by attacking the censorious sensibilities of Islamist fanatics with this display of protest is absurd and dispiritingly defeatist. Nevertheless, that's what so many of the usual suspects have done today.
Not even a week after justifying the violence that characterized Baltimore's “uprising” and expressing the hope that the riotous mobs in Charm City would “riot strategically,” CNN commentator and Morehouse College professor Marc Lamont Hill claimed that they support free speech, but…
I understand and respect free speech. But to organize hate speech events, purely because you're legally allowed to, is disgusting. — Marc Lamont Hill (@marclamonthill) May 4, 2015
Hill wasn't alone. New York Times foreign correspondent Rukmini Callimachi, a reporter who focuses on Islamic extremism, agreed.
Free speech aside, why would anyone do something as provocative as hosting a "Muhammad drawing contest"? — Rukmini Callimachi (@rcallimachi) May 4, 2015
Through implication, a variety of respected reporting outlets spent whole paragraphs outlining the conditions that might have inspired two radicalized Muslims to shoot up this event and wound a security guard.
The AP made note of the history of provocative acts in which Geller and their organization have engaged during their campaign of opposition to murderous Islamist extremism:
When a Chicago-based nonprofit held a January fundraiser in Garland designed to help Muslims combat negative depictions of their faith, Geller spearheaded about 1,000 picketers at the event. One chanted: “Go back to your own countries! We don't want you here!” Others held signs with messages such as, “Insult those who behead others,” an apparent reference to recent beheadings by the militant group Islamic State.
In The Daily Mail, AP reporters contributed to a photo spread outlining Geller's “long history of hatred.”
“The AFDI is listed as a hate group by the Southern Poverty Law Center, a watchdog organization that describes Geller as ‘prone to publicizing preposterous claims, such as President Obama being the ‘love child' of Malcolm X, and once suggested that recent U.S. Supreme Court appointee Elena Kagen, who is Jewish, supports Nazi ideology,'” that report read.
This isn't the first time an organization listed as a “hate group” by the SPLC was attacked by gun-wielding maniacs, but you don't see many media outlets looking into the climate of murderous violence inspired by this liberal advocacy group.
These comments in this Daily Mail report are tasteless, but they by no means justify the violence that was visited on this AFDI event last night. The AP's decision to list the grievances of the attackers as though they merited any consideration suggests, however, that the coastal reporting establishment believes otherwise.
As a matter of fact, the American Muslim community appears to be far less willing to accept the claims of Islamic radicals that have been used to justify attempted murder than does the press. The Daily Beast's Dean Obeidallah noted that, despite the fact that so many American Muslims are “offended and/or disgusted” by Geller's work, they haven't dared go so far as to accept that their attempted murderers maybe had a point.
One of Charlie Hebdo's surviving cartoonists, an artist who goes by the moniker Lulz, revealed last week that they would no longer draw the images of Mohamed that got so many of their friends killed. The assassin's veto is upheld. For the AP and others, another murderer's claim apparently deserves a fair hearing. If only Geller hadn't worn that short skirt…
The number of applicants vastly outnumbers the available academic faculty positions. What makes a successful academic job market candidate is the subject of much current discussion []. Yet, so far there has been no quantitative analysis of who becomes a principal investigator (PI). We here use a machine-learning approach to predict who becomes a PI, based on data from over 25,000 scientists in PubMed. We show that success in academia is predictable. It depends on the number of publications, the impact factor (IF) of the journals in which those papers are published, and the number of papers that receive more citations than average for the journal in which they were published (citations/IF). However, both the scientist's gender and the rank of their university are also of importance, suggesting that non-publication features play a statistically significant role in the academic hiring process. Our model ( www.pipredictor.com ) allows anyone to calculate their likelihood of becoming a PI.
Main Text
2 = 0.38). We note that a minimal model that uses only the five most predictive features still has significant predictive power (AUC = 0.74; Figure 1 Publication features, prior to becoming a PI or leaving academia, accurately separate future PIs from non-PIs. Show full caption (A) In our data set of 25,604 authors, 1583 (6.2%) become a PI (A, left). (A, right) Histogram of the distribution of time to PI for all authors that become PIs. (B) Shown are publication features that separate PIs from non-PIs. The blue bar shows the total fraction (6.2%) of authors that become PIs. Green, red, cyan, magenta, orange and yellow bars show the fraction of authors in the top 10% for a given grouping that becomes a PI. Error bars show the standard deviation for this calculated fraction following 100 bootstraps. For each author, only non-last author publications prior to becoming a PI are used for the calculation. (B, cyan bar) Authors are grouped according to the mean number of citations per IF (journal impact factor) for publications in which they are first author (left cyan bar) or middle author (right cyan bar). (B, magenta bar) Authors are grouped according to the mean number of citations for publications in which they are first author (left magenta bar) or middle author (right magenta bar). (B, orange bar) Authors are grouped according to their average number of co-authors, for papers in which they are either first (left yellow bar) or middle (right yellow bar) author. (B, yellow bar) Authors are grouped according to their h-index. (C) Principal component analysis is shown in which the first two principal components explain 92% of the variance. Future PIs are shown in blue circles, future non-PIs in green triangles. (D–G) Shown are the trajectories of various publication features in time, for authors that will eventually become PI and for authors that will eventually leave academia. Dotted lines are error-bars obtained by bootstrapping. Authors who will eventually become PI (red lines) show, on average (compared to authors who will eventually leave academia, blue lines), already in early career, an increased rate of publication (D, mean publication rate in time), and an increased journal impact factor (E, mean IF in time). Authors that have longer pre-PI careers show an increased number of citations per IF (F, mean number of citations per IF in time). Authors who will eventually become PI go to higher ranked universities (G, mean university rank in time). In addition, for authors that will become PI, university rank appears to increase within the first 5 years of their careers (G, arrow). In order to quantify precisely if and when individual authors will become a principal investigator (PI) we generated a set of 25,604 uniquely identifiable authors ( Figure 1 A and Supplemental information ). We then quantified more than 200 different metrics of publication output for authors who became PIs and for those who didn't. We find that whether or not a scientist becomes a PI is largely predictable by their publication record ( Figure 1 B,C), even taking into account only the first few years of publication ( Figure 1 D–G). In order to quantify the effect of each publication feature independent of other confounding variables, we developed a statistical model ( Supplemental information ). This model is able to predict with relatively high accuracy who becomes a PI (held-out test AUC = 0.83), and how long this will take (R= 0.38). We note that a minimal model that uses only the five most predictive features still has significant predictive power (AUC = 0.74; Supplemental information ).
4 Acuna D.E.
Allesina S.
Kording K.P. Future impact: Predicting scientific success. As expected, authors with more first author publications, and with more papers in high impact factor journals, are more likely to become PIs ( Figure 1 B). In addition, they have a higher h-index (h papers with at least h citations each), consistent with the idea that current h-index is predictive of future scientific success []. However, the actual number of citations is less predictive of becoming a PI than journal impact factor ( Figure 1 B), suggesting that currently, the perceived quality of a publication (i.e., journal impact factor) is given more weight than its actual quality (i.e., number of citations). Because the number of citations a publication will receive is correlated with the impact factor of the journal, we examined the number of citations divided by the impact factor (cites/IF). We find that in a linear model, cites/IF is the fourth most predictive feature after impact factor, number of publications and gender ( Figure 1 B; Supplemental information ). This suggests that hiring committees also take into account exceptional papers published in lower impact factor journals.
We found that many scientists who will become PIs never published in high impact factor journals. In order to better understand how these authors manage to become PIs we analyzed separately the group of authors who become PIs but have very low impact factor publications (lower than 75% of all non-PI authors). We find that these authors have a two-fold increase in their first-author publication rate compared to authors who do not become PIs, suggesting that more first-author publications per year can compensate for lack of high impact factor publications.
While authors with more first or second author publications are more likely to become PIs, we find that more middle (non-first and non-second) author publications are of no help unless they are published in high impact journals ( Figure 1 B). In addition, authors who are middle author on papers with many co-authors are less likely to become PIs ( Figure 1 B). While staff scientists and technicians may cause much of this effect, it still holds for the first author. The small negative correlation between the number of co-authors and the probability of becoming a PI suggests that first authors on papers with many co-authors are given less credit for these publications.
By almost all metrics, PIs differentiate themselves from authors that eventually will leave academia in the first years of their career ( Figure 1 D–G). However, while around half of authors become PIs less than seven years following their first publication, short pre-PI career scientists show different publication behavior than longer pre-PI career authors. Authors who take longer than seven years to become a PI have more citations per paper than authors who become PIs more quickly ( Figure 1 F), suggesting that scientists who publish important papers in low impact factor journals can still become PIs, but that this route takes more time.
The set of PIs is highly enriched for scientists who attended higher ranked universities, and university ranking is highly correlated with many other features. However, we find that university rank is predictive of becoming PI independent of other publication features (university rank adds, on average, 0.04 to the AUC in cross-validation, t-test p < 0.01). In addition we find that PIs, but not non-PIs, increase their university ranking (as ranked in the Shanghai Jiao Tong Top 500 research universities) in the first five years of their careers ( Figure 1 G), suggesting that they do their postdoc (or collaborative work) at a university that is better than the one in which they completed their PhD. A decline in the mean university rank among future PIs with longer careers suggests that, on average, scientists from higher ranked institutions become PIs before scientists from lower ranked institutions ( Figure 1 G).
Men are overrepresented as PIs, yet even after correcting for all other publication and non-publication derived features, being male is positively predictive of becoming a PI (increase in AUC = 0.02, t-test p < 0.01). Given the same publication record, men are more likely than women to become PIs.
Email: asimov@nytimes.com. And follow Eric Asimov on Twitter: @EricAsimov.
Domaine Chahut et Prodiges Vin de France La Mule 2011
A Loire gamay, grown on limestone and clay in the Touraine, this is pure deliciousness: fresh and vibrant with sweet fruit flavors, yet dry and thoroughly refreshing. (Jenny & François Selections, New York.)
Émile Hérédia/Domaine de Montrieux Vin de France Point G 2011
Gamay from another point of view: While Beaujolais is known as the home of the gamay grape, excellent gamay is produced in the Loire Valley, too. The producer, Émile Hérédia, says this wine will age well, but it screams to be consumed right now. Juicy, bright, earthy and slightly funky. (M.F.W. Wine Company/T. Elenteny, New York.)
Thierry et Pascale Matrot Bourgogne Blanc 2012
The white Burgundy section of the chardonnay galaxy emphasizes texture and stony mineral flavors over scads of fruit. This bottle is a textbook example of a basic Bourgogne Blanc, creamy yet zesty and refreshing, not especially substantial yet with enough intrigue to invite repeated sips in search of the mysterious flavors at the heart of good white Burgundy. (Vineyard Brands, Birmingham, Ala.)
Domaine Rimbert Saint-Chinian Le Mas au Schiste 2009
An old favorite that's always luscious. This blend of syrah, carignan and grenache offers aromas of herbs and olives, but it's from a ripe year, and so the dominant flavors are of bright red and black fruits. It borders on jamminess, but it's so finely balanced that it stays lively and refreshing. (Jenny & François Selections.)
Ameztoi Getariako Txakolina 2013
Txakolina is the national drink of Spanish Basque country, where a vast amount is consumed every summer. This particular version is from the Getaria region, where the Txakolina tends to be slightly fizzy and low in alcohol, encouraging plenty of thirst-quenching chugging. The Ameztoi is fresh and slightly briny, with flavors of lemon and lime. It calls out for sardines, anchovies and all manner of seafood. (De Maison Selections, Chapel Hill, N.C.)
Roederer Estate Anderson Valley Brut NV
This standard-bearer for moderately priced California sparkling wine impresses year after year. Those sensitive to sweetness will note a discernible dosage, making the wine a bit out of step as sparkling wines have become drier over recent years. Yet it is impeccably balanced and refreshing, with flavors of citrus and yeast, perfect for sipping on the deck, if I had a deck.
Broc Cellars Sonoma County White Zinfandel 2013
Broc Cellars, Turley Cellars and a few other California producers are rewriting the script for white zinfandel. Rather than a cloyingly sweet “blush” wine that discerning drinkers may, with shame, remember enjoying in their formative years, this tangy, peppery, dry, low-alcohol rosé is a wine that connoisseurs will want to show off to their friends.
La Rioja Alta Rioja Viña Alberdi Reserva 2007
Viña Alberdi is a great value in Rioja from an old-school producer that still ages the wine before releasing it. It's well shaped and structured with classic Rioja flavors of spicy red fruit framed by the mellow vanilla of American oak. I'm not usually a fan of oaky wine, but in traditionally made Riojas, softened by a few years of age, the flavors just fit. (Michael Skurnik Wines, New York.)
Bohigas Cava Reserva Brut Nature NV
Among the world's sparkling wines, cava, the Spanish version, can offer some of the worst values (for cheap but vapid mass-produced cava) and some of the best, for carefully made wines like this one from Bohigas. It's light, frothy, zesty and fresh, with a cloudlike purity that demands refills. Shrimp and oysters, please. (Polaner Selections, Mount Kisco, N.Y.)
Montenidoli Vernaccia di San Gimignano 2011
Vernaccia is almost a generic name for a number of different white grapes in Italy, but only one, Vernaccia di San Gimignano, has gained any measure of renown among Americans. Usually, the wines are forgettable, but the 2011 from Montenidoli is an excellent example from this often insipid genre, with depth, presence and texture. It's surprisingly golden, with a deeply floral aroma and plenty of citrus flavors. (Artisan Wines, Norwalk, Conn.)
Wilfred Rousse Chinon Les Puys 2009
Cabernet franc from the Touraine comes in many guises, from light and frivolous to serious and age-worthy. This is on the playful side: fresh, juicy, spicy, yet with enough of a tannic spine to suggest that it's not to be trifled with. No matter, it's luscious and enticing right now. (Savio Soares Selections, Manhasset, N.Y.)
Vittorio Graziano Lambrusco Emilia I.G.T. Fontana dei Boschi 2010
I am in love with Lambrusco, and wines like this small-production beauty are a reason why. Unlike the sweet mass-produced Lambruscos, the Fontana dei Boschi is dry, with flavors of earth, herbs and red fruit, and just 12 percent alcohol. It's made by Vittorio Graziano, one of the true artisans of Lambrusco, and it's absolutely refreshing, perfect with salumi. (Louis/Dressner Selections, New York.)
Montesecondo Toscano Rosso 2012
This wine may not carry the Chianti imprimatur, but it's a classic Tuscan sangiovese blend and absolutely delicious. Its flavors of bitter cherry, mint and earth, with a slight mouth-puckering tannic quality, induce you to keep drinking. It makes me hungry for grilled burgers. (Louis/Dressner Selections.)
C. von Schubert Maximin Grünhäuser Mosel Riesling Feinherb 2012
Between dry German rieslings and the exquisitely balanced but sweet kabinetts and spätleses lies the nether world of “feinherb,” which in the German scheme of things means not “medium sweet” but “medium dry.” Whatever. This is predominantly dry with a hint of sweetness, a vivacious expression of Mosel riesling that is a mere 11 percent alcohol. (Loosen Bros. U.S.A., Salem, Ore.)
Dirler-Cadé Alsace Sylvaner Vieilles Vignes 2011
Perhaps rightly, silvaner (or sylvaner, as it's often labeled in Alsace) receives little attention. It's often a relatively neutral grape with little of interest in the way of flavor or texture. But well-made versions like this from Dirler-Cadé can be delightful warm-weather quaffs. Its delicate floral and herbal flavors, lightly fruity and lightly savory, are perfect for an outdoor lunch and whiling away the afternoon. (T. Edward Wines, New York.)
Montinore Estate Willamette Valley Pinot Noir 2012
One of the tricks of finding good-value wines is to search lesser known appellations. Yet year after year Montinore Estate manages to issue a Willamette Valley pinot noir that is not only affordable but captivating. The 2012 is light, balanced and deliciously inviting, with bright cherry fruit. It's not a blockbuster, and doesn't pretend to be profound. It's simply just right.
Produttori del Barbaresco Langhe Nebbiolo 2012
No season is complete for me without nebbiolo, and among moderately priced bottles few do it as well as Produttori del Barbaresco, one of the world's greatest wine cooperatives. The 2012 is tannic, of course, but not aggressively so, with flavors of dark fruit and flowers, a suggestion of tar and bright citrus highlights. It's delicious, but do serve it with food. (Vias Imports, New York)
Cà de Noci Emilia Bianco I.G.T. Querciole 2012
And now, from the unconventional side, I present this lightly sparkling wine that is not only bone dry and delicious but would also go beautifully with all sorts of foods. It's made from the rarely seen spergola grape, and is funky and earthy, with a gritty yet inviting texture that comes from prolonged maceration of the white grapes with their skins. (Louis/Dressner Selections, New York.)
Julien Guillot Chénas Ultimatum Climat 2012
Simply gorgeous Beaujolais, lively and fresh with beautiful, bright berry fruit, an underlying hint of citrus and a touch of bitterness that makes it deliciously drinkable. Why “Ultimatum Climat?” The wine was originally made to commemorate Ultimatum Climatique, a 2009 conference on climate change. (Fruit of the Vines, Long Island City, N.Y.)
Au Bon Climat Santa Barbara County Chardonnay 2012
For years, Jim Clendenen of Au Bon Climat has been doing wines their way, whether fashionable or not. Having morphed from young rebel to inspirational veteran, they continue to make wines that, at their best, are graceful and restrained. This chardonnay encompasses flavors that are earthy and tropical. It goes down easily.
Anonymous asked: If it's not a bother or trigger for anyone, I'd like to hear from people who have psychosis how they first notice it starting or how were their early states of psychosis before it comes to what it is now, because, I've heard a little about the early symptoms and they fit quite well for me so far, and it'll take some time til I'm able to go to a psychiatrist, so I'd like to search a little from people who experience and see if I can relate to their experiences
relatable-psychosis:
It's not a bother at all ^^ These were the first droplets of psychosis and my eventual diagnosis in general for me. I'm going holistic in case it helps you more, and ‘cause I don't mind doing so~ I began having trouble organizing thoughts in my mind. Words would jump and wilt, thoughts would run into and over each other, sometimes just streaming of random ideas and words for lengthy periods of time keeping me from falling asleep or focusing on anything. Then it began affecting my ability to speak, so my grammar would get messed up and it really was the epitome of the phrase “word salad.” It also began to affect my ability to read in a way I've outlined here. These things started to occur suddenly and progressed rapidly. I began to have more odd perceptions more frequently than ever before. Hearing footsteps while home alone, loud bangs from other rooms, balls of light floating, muffled whispering in my head, human noises from a hairdryer, breathing from my bookcase, etc. These have been periodic issues for as long as I can remember in my life, but then they started happening basically every day. Around the same time, lack of motivation - avolition - hit me hard, I started isolating myself more, and insomnia hit an all-time high. There were issues that started while growing up which were recognized but there wasn't a context for them. When the above started cascading, a new context became clear: catatonic behavior (scroll to abnormal motor behavior), lack of emotional expression (reductions in the expression of emotions in the face, eye contact, and movements of the hand, head, and face that normally give an emotional emphasis to speech) and a monotone voice, painful sensory overload, and illogical thinking leading into delusional thought and poor behavior. Like for years off and on since elementary school, I've believed there's a dead girl in my closet and it makes it harder for me to fall asleep, I try not to be in my room as much, pile things up outside the closet door, think I have to act a certain way if I am in my room, etc. If others wish to chime in, I'll post their asks/submissions as I receive them, and also reblog any comments left. And to you, feel free to keep writing here as you await your appointment and at any time, really ^^
- Mod Alex
It's been a while! >_< This was posted in May. I'm adding the comments others made to this now and shortly after, an ask someone sent in answering this shall be posted.
- Mod Alex
@andthenshewentonliving:
I started experiencing auditory and tactile hallucinations at 14. It wasnt very intense. Just a man that would follow me around. I actually didnt knkw it was a hallucination. For years I just thought it was my brain registering my more or less untreated depression weird. Actually my depression was probably also a big teller that I was schizophrenic as a teenager but because no one knew I was experiencing hallucinations it was just treated as teenage angst
@birbonify:
I told myself my anxiety created monsters. I just thought it was anxiety. I always felt that i just saw the world differently or had an active imagination. Once ir began to negatively affect me is when i realized it was so much more. I also believe in ghosts so it was hard to distinctively tell them apart but now i know how to. When i began to visually hallucinate more, it always physically hurt to see them and i would heavily dissasociate and be so hard to talk down
@happybecchen:
My psychotic smyptoms are part of my bpd but I didn't know they were psychotic at all until i was an adult. I have always had voices in my head and they always spoke in different languages and screamed at me (still do). I was absolutely positively SURE that both of my parents died in a really graphic, bloody car accident whenever they went away for longer than half an hour. Screaming and panicking and grieving sure. Frantically running after them in pyjamas sure.
I started getting auditory hallucinations while in my teens, but I still didn't get what that was. It was mostly people mumbling and laughing in the distance. And now and then I am absolutely, positively sure to smell gas in random places and that it's gonna blow up any second. It combines weirdly with my constant dissociation. Like constant floaty unrealness yet in that moment positively ‘knowing' that this (smell/sounds) is happening in that moment 🤔
The Manitoba Junior Hockey League is reopening its probe into a hazing incident involving the Neepawa Natives after several players recanted earlier evidence.
The league has also indefinitely suspended Natives assistant coach Brad Biggers, who was previously suspended for five games in connection with the hazing that took place the week of Sept. 26.
The hazing incident involved tying water bottles to the genitals of rookie players.
Biggers told CBC News on Thursday that they had resigned their position with the club and complained they were being made a scapegoat. On Friday, Biggers they said they were unaware the matter had been reopened and they were shocked by the news.
MJHL commissioner Kim Davis said the indefinite suspension prevents Biggers from joining another club in the league.
P.O.V. Should hazing among minors be abolished? Have your say.
"As a result of several Neepawa Natives players recanting their earlier testimony, the Neepawa Natives hockey club presented new information to the MJHL on Thursday," Davis said in a news release.
"With the new information, the MJHL will immediately reopen the investigation into the hazing complaint. The league will also be appointing a special, independent investigator to further investigate the matter."
New suspensions possible
Davis said new sanctions and suspensions involving the Neepawa Natives are possible.
Earlier this week, the league issued a $5,000 fine against the club and coaches, and 16 players were suspended.
"There is no excuse for this type of inappropriate behaviour," Davis said. "Ultimately the hockey club is responsible for the conduct of its staff and players."
Neepawa Natives president Dave McIntosh said a 15-year-old player who first reported the hazing will be traded to another junior team.
The boy has not played for seven games. Their father said they welcome a trade and that the boy has received a great deal of support, including a phone call from Sheldon Kennedy, the former NHL player whose experiences being sexually abused while a junior hockey player were chronicled in their book Why I Didn't Say Anything.
The father said the fact the MJHL has reopened its investigation is a vindication of their son's position in the matter.
"That's quite admirable of them," they said. "And quite admirable of the other players that recanted their earlier testimony. Unbelievable."
A 16-year-old boy has pleaded guilty to fatally stabbing a Highlandtown woman after breaking into their home with another teen for a burglary.
Alonzo Gorham-Ramos will be sentenced to 45 years in prison, which is 15 years less than what prosecutors sought.
Prosecutors said Gorham-Ramos, then 15, confessed to the January 2014 murder of Kim Leto, 51. They and another youth charged in the case, Allen Pinkney, had previously broken into Leto's home, overlooking Patterson Park in the 400 block of S. Ellwood Ave., in August 2013 and were chased away.
The teens returned on Jan. 31, 2014. Gorham-Ramos told police that Leto was asleep on their couch and woke up, and a pillow was put over their head as they screamed and struggled, prosecutors said.
Leto was stabbed 11 times, until they stopped fighting, prosecutors said. The teens grabbed several items and fled.
Leto was found unresponsive and face down in a pool of blood by their boyfriend later that day, and was pronounced dead at the home. A large kitchen knife was found next to their body. Gorham-Ramos confessed after being shown pictures of their bloody footprints, prosecutors said.
Gorham-Ramos, an eighth-grader, was charged as an adult. Prosecutors said last week they offered a plea with a recommended sentence of life with all but 60 years suspended. They said they opted for Baltimore Circuit Judge Timothy Doory's offer to cap the sentence at life with all but 45 years suspended.
"It is so unfortunate that this woman senselessly lost their lives at the hands of a misguided child," State's Attorney Marilyn Mosby said in a statement. "I pray their family, friends, and the community feel some sense of peace knowing this perpetrator is being held accountable."
The Baltimore Sun previously reported that Gorham-Ramos had been linked to the earlier burglary in August at Leto's home through fingerprints. The outcome of that case is unclear, as juvenile records in Maryland are sealed.
Pinkney was slated for trial Tuesday morning, but theirs was postponed to Feb. 26.
Leto's murder shocked the Highlandtown community and patrons at O'Donnell's Pub, a neighborhood spot in nearby Canton where they worked behind the bar.
jfenton@baltsun.com
Far-right leader could gain a first-round election victory if the country were to go to the ballot box today
The leader of France's far-right National Front party is more popular with voters than president Nicolas Sarkozy, an opinion poll has revealed.
Marine Le Pen would gain an unprecedented first-round election victory if the French were asked to vote for a new president today. France will go to the polls to elect a new president in May next year, but the results of the survey, published in Sunday's Le Parisien newspaper and based on an opinion poll by the Harris Institute, come at a time when Sarkozy's popularity continues to plummet.
The findings have revived the spectre of 2002 when Jean-Marie Le Pen – Marine's father – knocked socialist candidate Lionel Jospin from the country's opposition out of the presidential race in the first round before losing to Jacques Chirac.
The Le Parisien poll found that 42-year-old Le Pen, who took control of the National Front in January, would obtain 23 per cent of the vote in the first round of any poll if it were held now. Sarkozy would get 21 per cent. Socialist Party leader Martine Aubry, who has not announced their intention to stand, would also get 21 per cent.
The survey does not give the level of support for Dominique Strauss-Kahn, head of the International Monetary Fund, who is expected to declare their intention to represent the socialists in the May 2012 vote and is widely believed to stand more of a chance than Aubry.
Since Le Pen, a mother of three, assumed control of the French National Front it has softened its traditional revisionist line on the Holocaust and antisemitism and appears to be targeting France's large Muslim community.
After the results of the poll were announced, Le Pen said they were "an encouragement to continue to work and present our project to the French". Speaking during a visit to the northern city of Lille, Le Pen added that French people were "waking up".
"The French want a different kind of politics, they would like to have a proper choice in the second round [of the presidential elections]: the choice between a national project and a global project as represented either by Nicolas Sarkozy, either by Dominique Strauss-Kahn or by Martine Aubry."
Le Pen said they were convinced Sarkozy – who is hoping to win over rightwing voters with a crackdown on immigration and a debate on "Islam in France" – had lost the support of the French people.
"There's a trend that makes me think that Nicolas Sarkozy is going to lose the presidential elections. I don't think they can climb back up. They represent such a disappointment and rejection by French people that I think he's already out of the second round."
An asylum seeker who was moved off Nauru to give birth is being locked up for 18 hours a day in a detention centre in Brisbane while their week-old baby remains in hospital with respiratory problems.
The case of Latifa, a 31-year-old woman of the persecuted Rohingya people of Myanmar, has shocked churches and refugee advocates.
'As a midwife, this is the most diabolical situation', says Misha Coleman of the Churches Refugee Taskforce. Credit:Katherine Griffiths
They were separated from their baby on Sunday, four days after a caesarean delivery, and has since been allowed to visit them only between 10am and 4pm in Brisbane's Mater Hospital. The boy, named Farus, has respiratory problems and needs round-the-clock medical care.
Latifa is confined to the Brisbane Immigration Transit Accommodation, 20 minutes away, where their husband and two children, four and seven, are being held.
Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. Advertisement UFO enthusiasts are claiming damage to a Lincolnshire wind farm turbine was caused by a mystery aircraft. The turbine at Conisholme lost one 66ft (20m) blade and another was badly damaged in the early hours of Sunday. County councillor for the area Robert Palmer said they had seen a "round, white light that seemed to be hovering". Ecotricity, which owns the site, said while investigations continued they were not ruling anything out - but the extent of damage was "unique". The turbine is one of 20 at the Conisholme site, which has been only been fully operational since April 2008. The broken blade has been recovered and is being examined. Local ufologists said they had received many reports of activity in the area and had teams searching for clues. To make one of these blades fall off, or to bend it, takes a lot
Dale Vince, Ecotricity Mr Palmer said: "I actually saw a white light - a round, white light that seemed to be hovering. "That is the only way I can explain it - it wasn't a flare-like light - it was just round, white light with a slight red edge to it that seemed to be over the wind turbines." Dale Vince, founder of Ecotricity, said the company was keeping an open mind about the incident. "We don't have an explanation at the moment as to what the cause was," they said. "We have been crawling all over it and have sent bits off for analysis to see if we can work out what caused it. "Until we have some idea, some plausible explanation that it was not a UFO, I don't think we should rule it out". They added: "To make one of these blades fall off, or to bend it, takes a lot." Numerous reports Russ Kellett, from the Flying Saucer Bureau, said witnesses had told them of activity in the area. "One saw what they at first thought was a low-flying aircraft on the Saturday evening and another heard a loud banging in the early hours of Sunday," they said. "This is the second most reports of activity we have ever had - I have had over 30 phone calls and emails. "To hit two of the blades, any object must have been about 170ft long." But some technical experts have suggested a more mundane explanation. Dr Peter Schubel, from the University of Nottingham, is an expert in the design and manufacture of wind turbine blades. 'Military activity' They said that if the turbine blade was still, it would take the equivalent of a 10-tonne load to do that kind of damage, but if it was rotating, or hit by a moving object, the force could be a lot less. They said of the possible cause: "It's definitely not a bird. It could be ice thrown from a neighbouring turbine that struck it. "Most turbines have an anti-icing system on the blades and maybe it failed to prevent the ice build-up." The Ministry of Defence said it was not looking into the incident. A spokesperson said: "The MoD examines reports solely to establish whether UK airspace may have been compromised by hostile or unauthorised military activity. "Unless there's evidence of a potential threat, there's no attempt to identify the nature of each sighting reported." Ecotricity said it hoped to have the turbine back in action within a week.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Part 1 of this series discussed some of the main advantages of microservices, and touched on some areas to consider when working with microservices.
In this second part we will look into how containers fit into the microservices story. For some developers and architects microservices and containers are still fairly new areas, so there is still some confusion around these two terms in that they sometimes are used interchangeably. Microservices and containers are actually two different things. Microservices is an architectural style and containers are a "tool" that often helps with microservices-based applications.
This blog post aims to provide some insights into how containers can help with microservices, as well as some of the high level concepts when running containerized microservices in a cluster using an orchestrator. Those who are new to containers or who want to gain a deeper understanding of their inner workings may want to start with this article.
Containers and Microservices
For the purpose of this blog you can think of containers as encapsulated, individually deployable components running as isolated instances on the same kernel, leveraging operating system level virtualization, and thus boot really fast (low single digit number of seconds).
Isolation and Density
The isolation level of containers sits between the isolation levels of a virtual machine (VM) and a process. From a microservices perspective, running services inside a VM offers better isolation but comes at the cost of not being able to scale out quickly, as it usually takes a while to boot VMs. Containers boot within seconds which allows one to react to increased load or traffic almost instantaneously.
Processes on the other hand start fast, dynamically allocate resources such as RAM, and are efficient at sharing these. From a density perspective, running multiple service instances per process or process group can be beneficial as well. The downside with running one or multiple microservices instances per process is that they are not well isolated from the rest of the environment, which can quickly result in noisy neighbor situations, potentially compromising the entire virtual machine if the code was not written well. With containers the service code, its runtime, dependencies, system libraries, etc. are packaged together and run inside a container with its own full, private access to their own isolated view of operating system constructs which addresses some of the isolation concerns you may encounter when running them in processes.
Figure 1 shows the different isolation levels isolation
Benefits in DevOps
Good devops practices are key to successful microservices applications and containers can be very beneficial for that. Consider a microservices-based application that consists of services written in variety of languages. In this case the devops team needs to have special knowledge on how to deploy each of the services, which ultimately adds to the operational complexity. If you package microservices as part of containers, the container image becomes the unit of deployment and your devops team only needs to know how to deploy containers, irrespective of what type of application runs inside. You can also avoid potential service failures due to missing dependencies or mismatch of versions on the host system as everything your service needs (frameworks, dependencies, etc.) is packaged together (immutable environment), typically as part of continuous integration. From an operations perspective containers allow you to tie the system telemetry collected to the service itself (CPU, memory, etc.) as you typically run one service instance per container. Containers also shield developers and operations from being concerned with the specific details of the machine and OS. For example, if your infrastructure team decides to switch the Linux distro on the host it would not have an impact on the application at all as containers run on any Linux distro.
Those are just some advantages of using containers. From a microservices view you can think about them as the bridge between dev and ops, which makes your life a lot easier with regards to the operational aspects of your microservices environment.
Let's have a look at an example. Figure 2 shows a microservices application running in containers. The application consists of three microservices: an order service, a profile service and a catalog service. Each of the services, their dependencies and runtimes are packaged inside containers. Due to the encapsulation and isolation levels of containers you can run them on the same host even if you have two versions of the service (e.g. Order V1 and V2), different runtimes or dependent components (Profile service depends on LibraryC V1 and Catalog service depends on LibraryC V2). If one of the services misbehaves and uses up all the available resources like CPU or RAM it would not have an impact on the other services as the service can only use the resources assigned to the container.
Figure 2: a microservices application running in containers
Orchestration of Microservices
This all sounds pretty straight forward if you run on one host, but running on one host is not a production realistic scenario for various reasons; for example in order to provide HA you need at least two hosts. As microservices applications are essentially distributed applications you typically run them on a cluster, which is a set of coupled computers (usually called nodes) that can be seen as one single system and that are connected through a network. Scheduling new services in a cluster seems to be simple. However, you also need something that keeps the services alive if they fail, that moves the services to other nodes if the nodes fail or if they are being serviced, and something that allows you to enable rolling upgrades, so that your services are "always on". In addition, it needs to understand dependencies, placement and resource constraints, optimizations, different types of resources, and requirements for those resources just to name a view of the challenges. The good news is that you don't have to worry about those things when running in containers, since container orchestrators, also sometimes referred to as schedulers, take care of this. The most popular ones that you can install yourself are Kubernetes, DC/OS, and Docker Swarm. You can also use managed container services such as the Oracle Container Cloud Service or some other flavor of a managed container service. The advantage of using a fully managed service is that you don't need to worry about the underlying infrastructure at all. From a core functionality all the container orchestration solutions, managed or not, offer a similar set of functionality.
From a microservices perspective you are dealing with a very dynamic environment. You usually don't know where your services (containers) are located within a cluster, as you rely on the orchestrator to find the best place for the service based on availability of resources and/or placement constraints etc. Service registry and service discovery are the solutions to the problem as they allow services to be registered and easily discovered by other services within the system. Service discovery within a cluster is also sometimes referred to as east-west routing. Many service discovery solutions go beyond just storing the endpoints of services; quite often, additional service metadata is stored along with the service endpoint information and/or health checks are performed and the health state of service instances is maintained. Etcd, Consul, and Zookeeper are very popular service registry and discovery solutions.
Figure 3 shows a high level view of a cluster with microservices instances and their endpoints stored in a service registry where one instance of the Order service is calling the Catalog service. The Order service calls a well-known endpoint on the node and the local proxy services handle the lookup for that service. Please note that there are multiple solutions to this and some of the managed container services or orchestration solutions have even built in service registry and discovery. This sample is meant to offer a simplified view of how some of the service discovery solutions work.
Figure 3: service discovery solution - high-level view
What you need to consider is how to route the traffic from a client outside your cluster to your services inside a cluster. This is also sometimes referred to as north-south routing.
A very common pattern is to use an application gateway, also commonly referred to as an API Gateway. In a microservice architecture an API gateway is used for traffic aggregation and request routing of client requests to the necessary services. Additional use cases for API gateways are authentication offload, SSL offload, quality of service throttling, and monitoring just to name a view. NGINX and HA-Proxy are two of the more popular technologies used as application gateways today. Typical deployment patterns of gateways include peer gateway routing, which basically means that you run the gateway on every node in the cluster. This pattern is usually used with smaller cluster sizes. The other pattern is to have dedicated or even separate gateway nodes. Dedicated means that the gateway service is placed on specific nodes in the cluster through placement constraints. The public load balancer is set up in a way to direct the traffic only to these nodes. The standalone gateway nodes pattern works similarly except the nodes hosting the gateway services are not part of the cluster scheduling. Figure 4 shows an architecture with a cluster and specific gateway nodes where a user request is made to the Order service. The load balancer directs the traffic to one of the gateway instances. The gateway routes the request using a path (/order) to one of the Order service instances returned by the service registry.
Figure 4: user request to Order service
Summary
In addition to service registry and discovery and gateway services, developers and devops persona have had to think about avoiding potential port conflicts, assigning an IP per container etc. This has forced many developers to learn more about infrastructure and networking. The good news is that container orchestrators have been evolving very fast and almost every one of the orchestrators now offers some functionality to make those things easier for developers on an infrastructure level. That said, there are still many things developers need to consider when building microservices-based applications. The next couple of blog posts will cover more details on microservices patterns and the actual "how to" of packaging and devops for containerized microservices. Stay tuned.
BrdU-positive nuclei co-labeled with various phenotype markers were observed over a 12-week time course of new cell differentiation following the previously reported peak of METH-induced cell death (Zhu et al. 2006). Previous work published by our group and others demonstrated that the incorporation of BrdU occurred in newly generated and not in apoptotic neurons. For example, histological evidence utilizing TUNEL or Fluoro-Jade C staining showed that at 24 h post-METH the apoptotic cells displayed pyknotic nuclei that completely disappeared by 48 h post-METH (Zhu et al. 2006; Bowyer et al. 2008). The incorporation of BrdU begins at 24 h after acute exposure to METH (Tulloch et al. 2011b). Moreover, biochemical studies demonstrate that damage to mitochondria and endoplasmic reticulum occurred just a few hours after exposure to METH (for review see Krasnova and Cadet 2009). METH-induced oxidative stress and nitrosylation have also been shown to increase apoptosis and decrease neural progenitor cell proliferation in the dentate gyrus of the hippocampus (Venkatesan et al. 2011). Although progenitor cell proliferation decreased, particularly after 48 h of METH exposure, 4 days after treating the cells with METH Venkatesan et al. found that METH did not alter the amount of cells adopting neural or glial phenotypes. Given the results observed in Tulloch et al. 2011a and b and the current study, a time course of in vivo events following METH suggests that compensatory progenitor cell proliferation in the mammalian brain begins approximately 24 h after the peak of METH-induced apoptosis as demonstrated by our previous published studies (Zhu et al. 2005, 2006).
The present study shows that most of the new cells first appear as neural progenitors expressing nestin and ß-III-tubulin, reaching peak levels within 1 week after METH. By the 2nd week the number of BrdU cells expressing these markers declined. The corresponding increases in BrdU-positive nuclei co-labeled with NeuN suggest that a significant proportion of the progenitors differentiated into mature neurons. However, the number of mature neurons does not sufficiently account for the loss of cells expressing progenitor markers, suggesting a proportion of the nestin and ß-III-tubulin-positive progenitors might have been lost via apoptosis. Interestingly, a small subpopulation of the new cells displayed histochemical markers for interneurons. This surprising result provides a basis for future studies of recovery from toxic damage.
We did not observe BrdU co-localization with DCX in the striatum or a gradient of BrdU cells from the SVZ extending into the adjacent striatum. This lack of BrdU/DCX-positive nuclei was not due to assay failure because BrdU/DCX-positive cells were seen in the SVZ leading us to conclude that either no migratory progenitors were present or we failed to capture morphological evidence or migratory cells at the time points measured. Given the significant increase in Brdu-positive cells within the striatum that co-expressed other progenitor markers, we suggest new cells generated in the aftermath of METH did not derive from the SVZ. We suggest the new cells might derive from dormant striatal progenitors some of which differentiate into neurons at later time points post-METH. Furthermore, many of the remaining new cells are unidentified and may include glial cells.
Striatal neurogenesis following injury has been well studied (Reynolds and Weiss 1992; Parent et al. 2002; Bédard et al. 2002; Luzzati et al. 2011; DeCaudo et al. 2012; Sun et al. 2012; Supeno et al. 2013; Ignarro et al. 2013). Although suggestions of a dormant population of striatal progenitors is controversial, Bédard et al. (2002) reported a low level of neurogenesis in the normal monkey striatum thought to derive from striatal progenitors. The same group later found that the number of new neurons derived from progenitors was enhanced with brain-derived neurotropic factor after the damage (Bédard et al. 2006). Furthermore, the new cells observed by this group expressed morphological and chemical markers for striatal projection neurons. In contrast to our results, however, the Bédard group did not observe new striatal interneurons. More recent evidence suggestive of dormant striatal progenitors proliferating after striatal degeneration was reported by Luzzati et al. (2011) and DiCaudo et al. (2012). Luzatti et al. used a slow striatal degeneration model of mice lacking Creb1 gene. They found SVZ-derived DCX-positive progenitors that entered the striatum individually, DCX-positive striatal progenitors, and a percentage of progenitors in the striatum that lacked DCX labeling. These findings might explain our failure to observe a gradient of DCX-positive cells from the SVZ indicative of migrating cells if they entered the striatum singly. Furthermore, the Luzatti group suggested that neuroblasts with an SVZ origin could also later divide within the striatum producing clusters of new cells but that a percentage of the progenitors appear to be endogenous to the striatum. In contrast, DiCaudo et al. used a MPTP-primate model of Parkinson's disease to induce striatal damage and found increased numbers of cells expressing phenotypes of damaged striatal cells. Although they suggested the new cells likely derived from the SVZ, they could not rule out a striatal origin. Because we previously observed clusters of dividing cells in the striatum following METH treatment and no spontaneous proliferation in response to saline (Tulloch et al. 2011b), we suggest that the low levels of striatal neurogenesis and lack of DCX-positive progenitors within the striatum might represent a specific response to METH treatment involving dormant striatal progenitors. The generation of PV, ChAT, and DARPP-32 neurons suggests compensatory neurogenesis to replace cell types lost early after METH. With the exception of a few studies such as those by Van Kampen et al. (2004, 2005, 2006) and Bédard et al. (2006), most research to date has shown that after striatal damage, the SVZ-derived progenitors migrate to the site of injury and mature into neuronal and glial phenotypes (Kojima et al. 2010; Yamashita et al. 2006; Kuhn et al. 2001 for review). Furthermore, similar to studies involving MPTP lesions to the nigrostrial DA pathway (Kay and Blum 2000), many of the neuronal progenitors we observed failed to survive as determined from significant decrease in BrdU co-labeled with nestin or ß-III-tubulin at later time points. Therefore, the novelty of our results is the generation of striatal neurons of the same phenotype reported dieing early after METH treatment (Zhu et al. 2006) and the observation of likely dormant progenitors in the striatum capable of activation under special conditions. Dormant progenitors represent a potential source of new cells to replace the loss of some striatal neurons in neurological disorders involving neurodegeneration or chronic METH use.
A chronic two-week regimen of D3 receptor agonist promotes adult neurogenesis in the nigrostriatal pathway (Van Kampen et al. 2005, 2006). Maturation of the new neurons and recovery of striatal DA innervation accompanied recovery of motor performance measured by amphetamine-induced rotation and skilled paw reaching on the “staircase test” (Van Kampen et al. 2005, 2006). In contrast, Parent (2003) suggested that increased proliferation and neurogenesis following neural damage may be compensatory but not indicative of behavioral recovery. Analysis of behaviors that accompany striatal neurogenesis in the current work revealed that METH-treated mice had significant motor coordination deficits compared to saline-injected mice on the rotarod at the time new cells expressed markers for previously lost striatal neurons. Surprisingly, the psychomotor deficits in the open field while disrupted at 2.5 days, recovered beginning at 2 weeks post-METH. It is possible that the behavioral deficits we observed might be due to altered DA function in the striatum. For example, one group reported that METH reduces levels of dopamine transporter binding sites in mice for over 2 weeks after METH and is accompanied by deficits on conditioned place preference task (Achat-Mendes et al. 2005). Thus measures of dopamine transporter binding would be an intriguing area of study in the context of METH-induced neurogenesis and motor performance. Interestingly, reduction of PV interneurons in the striatum is associated with persistent motor deficits (Marrone et al. 2006; Kataoka et al. 2010). In a previous study, we demonstrated that the striatal neuronal population most severely affected by a bolus high dose of METH was the PV interneurons (Zhu et al. 2006). The low number of newly generated PV neurons is insufficient for recovery of fine motor coordination and thus the rotarod deficits persist. Another interesting area for further analysis is whether treatment with agents to increase the survival of PV and other new neurons would attenuate the motor deficits on the rotarod task.
In conclusion, the results of this study demonstrate the phenomenon of cell proliferation in the striatum of mice in the aftermath of a high dose of METH. The newly generated cells are not derived from the SVZ but arise from the activation of dormant cells throughout the striatum. A small fraction of the newly generated cells differentiate and express phenotypic markers of projection and interneurons, the latter population has been shown to sustain considerable cell loss in the aftermath of METH. It needs to be determined if the newly generated neurons are functional. It is important to further investigate the mechanism that triggers the proliferation of dormant striatal precursors because this can be of value in the treatment of neurological disorders involving neuronal degeneration and traumatic brain injury.
Former Major League Baseball superstar Jose Canesco has returned to prominence by virtue of a bizarre story that involves a police car and a goat wearing a diaper.
Canseco was pulled over by cops on Wednesday night, for a yet unspecified offence, but it soon became clear that this would be far from a routine vehicle check for the officers in question.
But the uniqueness of this incident was not simply that the police were checking the car of the ex-Red Sox slugger, but that Canesco had two non-human companions travelling with him, one of which was wearing excrement protection.
Canseco posted a picture to their thousands of Twitter followers showing the inside of their car, with one goat in the foreground, and another in the trunk with its modesty concealed by a diaper.
The accompanying tweet said: "Just got pulled over with goats in the car. The cop laughed at our poor goats. Awesome."
After much questioning of their somewhat maverick methods of looking after their livestock, Canseco responded: "…they were in the car w/diapers so they don't p**s and s**t everywhere."
Canseco is a six-time MLS All Star team member and won the World Series twice over the course of their career, which included stints with the Texas Rangers and New York Yankees.
Adidas is expanding its brand with its newest division yet. Last night (Aug. 31), Adidas Athletics was introduced to consumers at a star-studded event in New York City. Minnesota Timberwolves guard Andrew Wiggins, New York Knicks player Joakim Noah, junior tennis star Coco Shilin and U.S. track star Tori Bowie were all in attendance for the main event.
Adidas' Athletics division is the newest business unit for the brand and consists of dedicated product design and development. The new apparel category bridges the gap between athletes' style and their on-field performance. Highlighted by the cozy Z.N.E. Hoodie, which is made of heavyweight cotton material, the hood's large size enables athletes to eliminate external distractions -- including visual, audible, and environmental --allowing the athlete to focus on their pre-game mind-set. Beyond the design, the Z.N.E. Hoodie carries hidden elements for athletes' personal items, which can each be tailored to their individual needs.
Along with the presentation of the Athletics apparel, Adidas tapped hip-hop mega producer Metro Boomin to provide the music of the night before New Jersey rapper and 2015 XXL Freshman Fetty Wap hit the stage to close out the eventful night.
The coveted Adidas Z.N.E. Hoodies are set to launch on Sept. 7, and will arrive in white, ice blue, collegiate navy, black and olive cargo for men and white, black, blue, red, vapour steel and collegiate navy for women. The hoodies are set to retail for a suggested price of $100 at Adidas stores, adidas.com , Champs, Kith, Dick's Sporting Goods, Macy's and select boutique retailers.
During last night's festivities, XXL caught up with the newest member of the New York Knicks, Joakim Noah, to discuss the Adidas Athletics apparel, the shoes he'll be rocking on the court this NBA season and their musical preferences. Check out the interview below.
XXL : Talk to me about the new Adidas Athletics line, the innovative Z.N.E. Hoodie and the entire #FindFocus event?
Joakim Noah: Well, I wasn't really sure what I was doing at first. I've been with Adidas for a while but it made sense once I learned about the event. As an athlete, there are a lot of outside pressures, a lot of distractions and I think this hoodie kind of represents staying focused and staying in the zone. It pretty much sums up what I'm going through right now. I am very proud to wear product, it's a bit hot in here, but this is a great hoodie.
What shoes will you be rocking this year on the court with the Knicks?
I'm gonna be wearing the new Andrew Wiggins shoes, the Adidas Crazy Explosive.
How do you feel about Adidas' innovative Boost technology?
Ever since this Boost thing came out I feel like Adidas changed the game completely. I can't wear anything else expect for Boost. I'll wear a suit with a Boost sneaker, but I don't wear suits so that will never happen, but the Boost technology from Adidas has made a huge impact in the game.
Adidas
Speaking of Boost, a few NBA players hit the court rocking the Adidas Yeezy Boost. Will we ever catch Noah wearing the Yeezy Boost during an NBA game?
Nah, man that's a little too much. I'm really hype about the Crazy Explosive sneaker. I think it's a great shoe. Don't get me wrong, I like the Yeezy Boost sneakers. I wear them off the court but I can't play games when it comes to the court. I've had a few injuries so I 'm not playing around.
How excited are you to join the New York Knicks this season?
I'm really excited, man. I'm working hard. Right now, I just find myself going to the practice facility and meeting all the new faces and trying to get a routine going. I think we have a lot of new faces, a lot of veterans. A lot of great young talent so we're trying to put it all together and do something that's going to make the city proud. I grew up watching all of the New York teams and to me, the Knicks is the ultimate underdog team so I'm proud to be a part of that.
Now that you're in New York and in the midst of practices before the start of the season, which artists are in your playlist to get you amped up for practices? What do you listen to before games?
I like my old school stuff. I like Dipset. I like my Illmatic . I love listening to Gang Starr. I have a long ride to the practice facility now so I'm playing a whole bunch of stuff in the car ride, but it really depends on my mood and it depends on what kind of day it's going to be. Whether it be my recovery day or a game day, my playlist changes. Game days, I go a little harder so I put on those G-Unit mixtapes to get me game-ready.
FBI agents began interviewing the girlfriend of Las Vegas massacre gunman Stephen Paddock as Donald Trump arrived in the city and said the killer must have had their "wires screwed up".
Mr Trump, who made a private visit to a hospital with their wife Melania, said investigators were "learning a lot more" about Paddock and details would be given at "an appropriate time." They added: "It's a very, very sad day for me, personally."
The president's motorcade passed close to the Mandalay Bay Hotel where Paddock, 64, fired from the 32nd floor, killing 59 people and injuring more than 500 at a country music festival on Sunday night.
As mystery continued to surround their motive Paddock's girlfriend Marilou Danley, 62, a "person of interest" in the case, arrived at Los Angeles airport on a flight from the Philippines.
They were pushed through the airport in a wheelchair by FBI agents who took them to their field office for questioning.
Ms Danley was not arrested but agents were said to have a "lot of questions" and they were being represented by a lawyer.
In the hallowed halls of the Michigan state Capitol this week, one of the biggest debates has been over slashing a program that gives clothes to orphans.
About 160,000 kids wouldn't receive their back-to-school clothing allowance under the Department of Human Services (DHS) budget passed by a House subcommittee. That saves $9.9 million (which will go a long way to pay for the $1.2 billion tax break we're handing businesses).
Chair Dave Agema (R-Grandville) -- best known for skipping the crucial 2007 tax hike votes to obliterate sheep with a shotgun in Siberia -- suggested that the money isn't being spent on clothes anyway by those greedy urchins.
"I think the hardship is negligible,” they shrugged.
Over in the Senate, a subcommittee decided to make kiddies buy their wares at thrift stores, which the Michigan League for Human Services (MLHS) artfully suggested perhaps sent the "wrong message to children that they, too, are second hand."
Subcommittee Chair Bruce Caswell (R-Hillsdale), a hardworking retired educator, was genuinely confused at the outrage, and added retailers and faith-based resale shops when the bill was before the full Appropriations Committee on Wednesday.
Even GOP former Senate Majority Leader Ken Sikkema was taken aback by the move.
"I have to confess that I, personally, would be a little queasy about pursuing something like this," they told Michigan Radio on Thursday. "It just starts to look and feel like the Legislature is being unnecessarily punitive with poor people. And I just don't see a lot of reason or value in pursuing things like this, to be perfectly candid with you."
The orphans' fates ultimately will be decided when Agema, Caswell and four other lawmakers get together and hammer out a deal for the DHS budget in conference committee next month.
Welcome to Pure Michigan, or as we're marketing it now, the time of Dickens.
"Unfortunately, we are leaving behind many in this budget, and they are all people who are easy to target. These are groups that do not have highly paid lobbyists and expense accounts to wine and dine lawmakers,'" said Gilda Jacobs, MLHS president and CEO.
That's something they know a little bit about, as a former lawmaker of 10 years.
So what's behind these moves by the Legislature? Well, the two DHS panel chairs both live in relatively homogeneous and very conservative enclaves in the state.
Caswell is a Calvinist who's never had to deal much with Democrats or people with other views on social issues, taxes or government services. They believe he's doing the right thing and rooting out inefficiencies in the budget.
Agema ... well, their general philosophy can be summed up in their solution for overworked welfare caseworkers. Rather than hire more workers or work to speed up paperwork processing times, the goat killer suggested that DHS employees be armed with guns to subdue any unruly welfare queens.
Sen. Coleman Young II (D-Detroit) once flippantly described Republicans' attitude toward the poor and unemployed as: "Too bad. It sucks to be you."
Agema probably wouldn't dispute that, but most Republicans would. Many would like to believe that charities and churches can lift the downtrodden up with their untold resources when government steps away. In reality, nonprofits have suffered in the recession along with the rest of us.
Almost uniformly, Republicans believe the state is broke and nothing can be done about it, because raising taxes is verboten. Many still can't believe their Republican governor has asked them to do just that on pensions, but they're at least assuaged by the massive business tax cut. Of course, that means even less money for the state.
So the only thing they believe they can do is whack the holy hell out of the budget. Some are enjoying the process more than others.
Unfortunately, the bottom line is that their actions are bringing us back to a time which, more and more, looks modeled on the squalor of early 19th century London. We've already whacked the unemployed. If you're going to lose your job, it's best to do so before January, when your state jobless benefits will be cut from 26 to 20 weeks. But don't worry. All state money has been vaporized for adult education and No Worker Left Behind training in budgets so far, making it harder for you to get another job. And don't think about going back to school unless your name is Rockefeller. Community colleges could be whacked by $10 to $44 million. And the state's 15 public universities look like they'll all get hit by at least 15 percent -- which means $43 million less for Michigan State University and $48 million less for the University of Michigan alone. That means higher costs for you. Should you have the dough to stay in school, we also don't care if you stick around after graduation. Gov. Snyder wanted $5 million for "quality of place" grants -- i.e. making cities places folks actually want to live in. That's gone. So is $25 million for economic development programs. And Republican lawmakers are obsessed with killing the life sciences industry, forcing universities to report on embryonic stem cell research in hopes that the nascent, high-paying industry shrivels and dies. Because Right to Life says it's immoral. Here are just a few more changes that could be coming our way. Poor people who can't afford to be buried are out of luck. The only thing the state will fund is cremating unclaimed bodies. About 2,600 low-income women will not receive breast and cervical cancer screening and access to Medicaid treatment if cancer is detected and 510 fewer low-income adults will receive colon cancer screening. About 10,000 disabled adults without kids could see their benefits chopped from $269 to $175 a month. The 48-month lifetime cap on welfare will kick about 15 percent of Michiganders to the curb -- 12,600. More than 90 percent of those families are working, but they still qualify for assistance because of their pitiful wages. So what is it that the poor, disabled and sick are supposed to do in the wake of these budget cuts and the slow economic recovery?
Well, that's a question nobody has taken the time to answer.
Well, that's a question nobody has taken the time to answer.
Susan J. Demas is a political analyst for Michigan Information & Research Service. They can be reached at sjdemas@gmail.com.
In 1938, Estonian entrepreneur J. Laan founded a motorized bicycle manufacturer in the capital city of Tallinn, and called it Renard Cycles. Renard is French for ‘fox', and a fox's head formed the original Renard logo. But in March 1944, the factory was hit by a bomb and was completely destroyed. The emerging Estonian motorcycle industry became nothing more than a memory. Then three years ago, a group of Estonian entrepreneurs, designers and racing engineers joined forces to revive the Renard brand. Last April, the first ‘modern' prototype was unveiled at the Hanover Technology Fair—the Renard Grand Tourer. It's due to go into production this year.
According to the PR, the Renard GT's carbon-fiber frame weighs only 11 kilograms (24.25 lbs). It's reinforced with Kevlar and stiffer than a regular pipe frame, ensuring very precise steering. This ‘unibody' integrates the frame, petrol tank and air box into a single load-bearing structure, helping to give the Renard its distinctive appearance.
The air-cooled engine comes from Moto Guzzi; it's the 1151cc, 8-valve, fuel-injected V-twin found in bikes such as the Stelvio. Pumping out around 125hp, it'll take the GT to a top speed of 230 km/h. And yes, there are some parallels here with Confederate. If this machine actually makes it into dealers' showrooms, I know which one I'd prefer. What about you?
Specs
Engine type: V2 90° Moto Guzzi Quattrovalvole
Displacement: 1151cc
Wheelbase: 1450 mm
Trail: 97 mm
Caster angle: 23°
Dry weight: 190 kg
Peak horsepower: 125 hp (90kW) at 8000 RPM
Peak torque: 120 Nm at 6000 RPM
Top speed: 230 km/h
(CNN) -- A 62-year-old Michigan man was severely burned when a homemade rocket strapped on their back exploded while they slid down a snowy hill on a sled, authorities said this week.
The rocket stunt was the grand finale on Saturday during the man's annual sledding party at their Oakland County, Michigan, home, the sheriff's department said.
"He is known for doing 'crazy things' at their parties," an Oakland County sheriff's department statement said. "On this date, after consuming an unknown quantity of alcohol, they constructed a device out of a motorcycle muffler and pipe."
Inside the makeshift rocket, the victim placed gunpowder, heads from matches and gasoline. They donned a helmet and took a sled to the top of a snowy embankment.
"He asked another person to light a wick and then began to sled down a hill. At some point during the ride downhill, the device exploded. The results of the explosion were second-degree burns to the victim's face," the sheriff's department statement said.
No one else was injured during the incident.
The man, whose identity is not yet known, was hospitalized with significant damage to one of their eyes and could face criminal charges, authorities said.
Boxing kangaroo here to stay
Updated
The giant boxing kangaroo flag will continue to fly in the athletes' village in Vancouver after Australian Olympic bosses reached an agreement with the International Olympic Committee (IOC).
The flag hangs over two storeys of the apartment block where the Australians are staying.
The IOC wanted it removed but Australian Olympic Committee (AOC) president John Coates says they have reached a compromise and it can now stay in place for the duration of the Winter Olympic Games.
"But we will need to register the boxing kangaroo with the IOC as the third identification we have," they said.
Australian athletes have welcomed the decision.
Australian gold medallist Anna Meares says the boxing kangaroo flag is an iconic symbol that has become a team mascot at Olympic Games.
"It's something that really is held dearly to all Australians," they said.
"It's great to see that it can stay."
While it is already an Australian Olympic trademark, the boxing kangaroo will now be registered with the IOC along with Australia's national flag and the coat of arms.
The IOC initially asked the Australian team to take down the banner because it was deemed too commercial.
Calls to ban the boxing kangaroo flag was branded as scandalous, ridiculous and infantile.
The boxing kangaroo became Australia's sporting symbol in 1983 when it was used in the successful America's Cup.
John Longley was part of the crew.
"It was an image that we created, to be a symbol for what we stood for, which was the red gloves," they said.
"It used to have a red eye and the puffed up chest and so forth. It was aggressive - we're taking the world on."
The AOC has since bought the trademark and now the boxing kangaroo is seen among crowds at Olympic and Commonwealth Games and other major sporting events.
Topics: winter-olympics, sport, canada, australia
First posted
This article is about the competitive event. For the airshow disaster, see Flugtag '88
Red Bull Flugtag (German: flight day, airshow) is an event organized by Red Bull in which competitors attempt to fly home-made, human-powered flying machines, size-limited to around 10 metres (33 ft), weight-limited to approximately 150 kilograms (330 lb). The flying machines are usually launched off a pier about 9 metres (30 ft) high into the sea or body of water. Most competitors enter for the entertainment value, and the flying machines rarely fly at all.
Background [ edit ]
The format was originally invented in Selsey, a small seaside town in the south of England under the name "Birdman Rally" in 1971.[1] The first Red Bull Flugtag competition was held in 1991 in Vienna, Austria. It was such a success that it has been held every year since and in over 35 cities all over the world.[2] Anyone is eligible to compete in the Flugtag event. To participate, each team must submit an application and their contraption must meet the criteria set forth by Red Bull. The criteria vary with location. In the United States each flying machine must have a maximum wingspan of 30 feet (9.1 m) and a maximum weight (including pilot) of 450 pounds (200 kg). In Australian Flugtags the wingspan is limited to 8 metres (26 ft) and the weight (not including pilot) to 180 kilograms (400 lb).[3] The craft must be powered by muscle, gravity, and imagination. Because the aircraft will ultimately end up in the water, it must be unsinkable and constructed entirely of environmentally friendly materials. The aircraft may not have any loose parts and advertising space is limited to 1-square-foot (930 cm2).[2]
Teams that enter the competition are judged according to three criteria: distance, creativity, and showmanship.
World records [ edit ]
Distance [ edit ]
The record for the longest flight is 258 feet (78.6 m), set September 21, 2013, at the Flugtag in Long Beach, California by "The Chicken Whisperers" team in front of a crowd of 110,000.[4]
Attendance [ edit ]
The largest crowd was in Cape Town, South Africa with 220,000 attending in 2012.
Results [ edit ]
International [ edit ]
United States [ edit ]
Flugtag 2012 in San Francisco, participants being interviewed about their 'flying machine'
First 2 flugtag win's 2002 -Dan's Teacher at College Park
Incidents [ edit ]
Injury Accidents [ edit ]
Bucharest, September 19, 2010 - Broken Back, Skull Fracture [9] [10]
Nashville, TN September 23, 2017 - L1
Cancellation/Termination by authorities [ edit ]
The Portland, Oregon, competition, held on August 1, 2015, at Tom McCall Waterfront Park (wherein craft were launched into the Willamette River), was ended early by the United States Coast Guard after an excessive number of spectator boats (over 500) filled the river, making it impassable to commercial traffic. One collision was reported between a spectator boat and a commercial vessel, though damage was minimal and no injuries occurred.[11]
In video games [ edit ]
The Red Bull Flugtag is featured as a playable mini-game in a special "Red Bull space", called the Red Bull Beach, in PlayStation Home released on November 26, 2009.[12]
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Concentrating Power
Dubai is showing that not only does it want its energy to be cleaner, but also bigger—it's building the world's largest concentrated solar plant (CSP), which will deliver 1000 MW by 2020.
Announced Thursday, June 2, by the Dubai Water and Electric Authority (DEWA), the plant will be located in the Mohammed Bin Rashid Al Maktoum Solar Park, the largest single-site solar park in the world. The overall plans call for a total of five facilities, the first 200 MW of which is already being bid out to international consultants.
While current rates for CSPs are at around 15 cents per kilowatt hour, the DEWA is targeting 8 cents per kilowatt hour. No specific project cost has been revealed, but confirmed that the overall 5000 MW project within the solar park—including photovoltaic (PV) and CSP—would cost AED (Emirati Dirham) 50 billion ($13 billion).
map the entire Internet — any device, anywhere, all the time.” The National Security Agency and its British counterpart, GCHQ , gained secret access to the German telecom companies' internal networks, including Deutsche Telekom and Netcologne, in an effort to “
As reported by German news publication Der Spiegel, citing the new set of leaked documents provided by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden, the five major intelligence agencies including NSA and GCHQ have been collaborating to get near-real-time visualization of the global internet as a part of NSA's ‘Treasure Map' surveillance program, also dubbed as "the Google Earth of the Internet."
TREASURE MAP TRACKS YOU 'ANYWHERE AND ALL THE TIME'
The data collected by the intelligence agencies doesn't just include information from large traffic channels, such as telecommunications cables. Rather, it also includes information from every single device that is connected to the internet somewhere in the world — every smartphone, tablet, and computer — "anywhere, all the time," according to NSA documents.
"[The program aims] to map the Internet, and not just the large traffic channels, such as telecommunications cables. It also seeks to identify the devices across which our data flows, so-called routers. [The program] allows for the creation of an ‘interactive map of the global Internet' in ‘near real-time,'" the report said.
The Treasure Map program was described by Snowden as "a 300,000 foot view of the internet," as it allows agencies to collect Wi-Fi network and geolocation data from around the world, along with 30 million to 50 million unique internet provider addresses. The program was first made public by the New York Times report late last year, along with other documents by Snowden.
limited by the amount of data available to the agency," according to the NY Times report. But at the time, the US intelligence officials apparently claimed that program was not used for surveillance purposes, but only for mapping foreign and US Defence Department networks, "," according to the NY Times report.
FIVE EYES AGENCIES
Der Spiegel reported that the Treasure Map PowerPoint presentation highlighted the agents which carriers and internal company networks Five Eyes agencies — those in the US, Australia, the UK, Canada, and New Zealand — claim to have already accessed.
German parliamentary investigators plan to question executives of telecommunications operators about the program under which the agencies have been breaking into service providers' networks to monitor them. However, Deutsche Telekom reportedly said it had found no evidence of manipulation or external access to its networks.
DEUTSCHE TELEKOM - 'NO EVIDENCE OF SURVEILLANCE'
"We are looking into every indication of possible manipulations, but have not yet found any hint of that in our investigations so far," a Telekom spokesperson told Reuters in a statement. "We're working closely with IT specialists and have also contacted German security authorities. It would be completely unacceptable if a foreign intelligence agency were to gain access to our network."
The NSA is yet to comment on the latest round of allegations involving Treasure Map. Whereas, GCHQ said that its work "is carried out in accordance with a strict legal and policy framework, which ensures that our activities are authorized, necessary and proportionate, and that there is rigorous oversight" by other government agencies, Bloomberg news reported
RELATIONS BETWEEN US AND GERMANY
Germany's NSA Inquiry Committee was established in March to investigate allegations by Global surveillance whistleblower Edward Snowden that the US government has been eavesdropping German citizens and even bugged Chancellor Angela Merkel's personal cell phone, an issue that has strained relationships and raised trust issues between old allies, Berlin and Washington.
By order of a judge in a civil action in an Alberta court, the CHL and teams from the OHL and WHL submitted financial statements that show many franchises, as many as half the field, struggling to make ends meet.
Lawyers representing more than 300 former and current players are seeking to have a class-action suit certified in courts in Calgary next month and in Toronto in March. On behalf of the players, the Charney Lawyers, a Toronto-based firm specializing in class-action law, is seeking compensation for time logged by the plaintiffs in the major junior league.
According to the Charney website, the plaintiffs are seeking “outstanding wages, overtime pay, holiday pay and vacation pay.”
The plaintiffs' lawyers commission engaged Kevin Mongeon, an assistant professor of sports management at Brock University, to do a work-up on the finances of CHL teams. According to Mongeon's valuations, the Ottawa 67's were the OHL's most valuable franchise at $55.3-million, and the Calgary Hitmen were the WHL's at almost $69-million. By the numbers Mongeon submitted, the plaintiffs maintain CHL teams would have the wherewithal to pay players at least minimum wage for their time. The CHL has denied that claim.
Mongeon prefaced their valuations, saying that they weren't scientific and that they relied on franchise sales and other metrics to put together their findings. They did not have the defendants' books to work with. But Sportsnet has gained access to the documents filed by the CHL.
On behalf of the CHL and the other defendants, KPMG vice-president James McAuley prepared sworn affidavits, auditing teams for revenues and liabilities from 2012 to 2016. The affidavits paint a picture of the bottom lines of the member clubs of the WHL and the OHL. (QMJHL teams were not named as defendants in the actions in Calgary and Toronto.)
The leagues provided information for a majority of teams in each season, but not all—three OHL teams did not provide the numbers in 2012, two in 2013 and '14, three in 2015 and six last year. The teams in the WHL were more thoroughgoing, all 22 teams submitting information for each season from 2012 to 2015 and only two not providing statements for 2016.
The affidavits entered into evidence identified franchises only by number (e.g. Team 1) and not by ownership nor team name.
The bottom line of the OHL seems strong when taken in sum and at a quick glance: The annual average net profit for the all the OHL member teams is $4.1-million. But the underlying numbers paint a different picture: One team, designated No. 12 in the report, showed an annual profit of almost $2.9-million, which is approximately $400,000 more than the total average profits of the eight other money-making franchises in the league.
Given that the London Knights drew more than 9,000 a game last year (2,000 ahead of Kitchener, the OHL's next best in attendance), it's no great leap to presume that the big money-maker is the London team owned by the Hunter brothers, Dale and Mark. The proprietors of the Knights did not provide KPMG financial information for last year, when the team was the OHL and Memorial Cup champions.
Only six OHL teams were in the black for every season that they reported. Across the five seasons covered in the affidavit, 11 of the 20 OHL teams reported an average annual net loss. The money dropped by struggling teams through that period ranged widely—at the low end, one team fell short by an average of $36,000. Four times through the five seasons OHL franchises showed a net loss of more than $1 million.
According to the affidavits submitted to the Alberta court, there's a great range between the most valuable teams in the WHL and those who struggle to make ends meet. In the WHL, 11 of 22 teams averaged a yearly net loss from 2012 and 2016. One team bled all four seasons that it filed information for KPMG, losing an average of $1.57 million. Three other teams reported seasons in which they suffered seven-figure loses.
Over the period, only five franchises made a profit in each season. The dynamic in the WHL is like that found in the OHL: On the bottom line, one franchise is off on its own. Team 8, as it's identified in the affidavit, made an average annual profit of more than $1.8 million and better than a $3-million profit in its best single year. If Team 8 is taken out of the equation, the WHL's operating profits would be effectively halved.
KPMG's McAuley stated in the affidavits that the numbers were “based on available information” and the conclusions regarding profit and loss may shift “if additional financial statements or tax returns become available.
The CHL reported steady growth in the funds for scholarships paid by its leagues and charged to the franchises—the OHL scholarship funds jumped from $1.64-million in 2012 to $2.9-million in 2016 and the WHL from $1.7-million in 2012 to $2.1 last year.
The judge in Calgary will hear arguments for a sealing order for the league's financial paperwork next week.
In The Battle To Save Frogs, Scientists Fight Fungus With Fungus
Enlarge this image toggle caption Josh Cassidy/KQED Josh Cassidy/KQED
A deadly fungus that has been devastating frog populations is spreading across the globe — it has helped drive the extinction of 200 species so far. In California, the chytrid fungus has moved inexorably across the Sierra Nevada, leaving thousands of frogs dead.
But scientists are trying to turn the tide against the fungus with an experimental treatment, one that could matter to frogs worldwide. They're making a last-ditch effort to save the endangered mountain yellow-legged frog by immunizing it against the fungus.
Mountain yellow-legged frogs, found only in California's alpine lakes, have been in steep decline owing to the fungus while also falling prey to nonnative trout. More than 90 percent of the population has disappeared.
"When it hits, it's within weeks that they're just gone, just literally gone," says Jessie Bushell, director of conservation at the San Francisco Zoo.
Bushell is part of an emergency search-and-rescue operation for the frogs. Last summer, they got up before dawn and drove five hours to meet a helicopter flying out of the Sierra Nevada.
"This bright yellow helicopter comes landing down," they say. "The doors fly open. The firefighters start unloading these large white coolers."
YouTube
The coolers were holding hundreds of wiggling, green tadpoles, the sole survivors of a deadly outbreak at their remote alpine lake. Federal biologists had found dozens of frogs dying from chytrid fungus and, hoping to save the species, they collected their remaining young.
Bushell brought them to the San Francisco Zoo. Scientists there and at the Oakland Zoo are doing an experimental treatment on the frogs in the hope that they'll survive when they return to the wild. The treatment was pioneered at the University of California, Santa Barbara, where results have been encouraging.
"So what we do is we expose them to small amounts of this fungus," Bushell says, pointing to more than 200 of the frogs, no longer tadpoles, in quarantined tanks.
 They are making the frogs sick in the hope of building their immunity to the fungus, which attacks the frogs' skin.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Lauren Sommer/KQED Lauren Sommer/KQED
"The skin is a really important part of the frog," they say. "They breathe through their skin underwater."
Frogs also absorb key nutrients such as electrolytes through their skin. But when the fungus attacks it, the skin stops functioning normally. The frogs die before their immune systems can fight the fungus off.
Bushell is hoping a mild fungal infection will teach the frogs' immune systems how to fight the fungus. They let their frogs get sick, but before they get too close to dying, they give them an antifungal treatment to clear up the infection.
When the frogs get chytrid again out in the wild, the idea is their immune systems will be trained.
"Their bodies identify it and can already be primed to fight off that infection, at least to keep it under control because they've seen it before," Bushell says.
For some of the yellow-legged frogs, the big test has arrived. Bushell and a field crew hike up a rocky trail in the Desolation Wilderness, south of Lake Tahoe.
Their big backpacks are loaded with frogs, each in its own tiny Tupperware container.
"It's a new frog home," says Bushell, looking at a sapphire-blue lake, surrounded by pine trees and granite cliffs. "An oasis for frogs."
But chytrid fungus is there, so their immunity will be tested. One by one, the team releases each frog on the water's edge.
"It's like letting your kids go," Bushell says. "Go! Be wild!"
"It's the best chance that we know how to give them," says Roland Knapp, a biologist with UC Santa Barbara who has tracked frog die-offs across the Sierra as the chytrid wave has moved through.
We're staring at what could be the extinction of a significant fraction of the world's amphibians.
"I saw the biggest one I've ever seen last summer," they say. "Thousands of dying frogs. It was pretty rough to see."
That's why this is a last-ditch effort to save yellow-legged frogs.
"It sometimes seems a little crazy," Knapp says. "It's a huge amount of work."
But they say the early results are promising. This is the third summer the team has released immunized frogs.
"They seem to be surviving pretty well," they say.
If the immunized frogs survive the worst of the fungus outbreak, the mountain yellow-legged frogs may eventually be able to become resistant to it on their own, generation after generation, without human help.
"That means we have to figure out ways to keep these frogs on the landscape with the chytrid long enough that evolution can actually happen," Knapp says.
The biggest hope, and the biggest question mark, is whether this research could lead to a treatment for other frog species. Some frogs don't seem to be able to build immunity to chytrid the way the yellow-legged frogs can.
Scientists have watched chytrid fungus spread across the globe at an alarming rate. In Central America, they have brought some frog species into captivity to spare them.
Today, that's the only place those frogs exist. And there isn't much hope of returning them to the wild unless some kind of chytrid treatment succeeds.
"We're staring at what could be the extinction of a significant fraction of the world's amphibians," Knapp says. "So if we can do something to reverse that, even for a few species here and there, we should try to do that."
It's not hopeless, scientists say, but it could depend in large part on the survival of one California frog.
By By Karen Graham Mar 21, 2017 in Politics Two Ontario cabinet members are meeting with officials in Albany, New York today to urge legislators to exempt Canada from a "Buy American" policy expected to pass on March 31, warning that if this is not done, it could lead to a trade war on both sides. During a State of the State message in Syracuse on January 11, Cuomo announced New York Governor Andrew Cuomo during St. Patricks Day parade. Governor Andrew Cuomo What Governor Cuomo was referencing was the READ MORE: Trump's budget abandons Appalachia — the coal country they promised to help Economic Development Minister Brad Duguid and International Trade Minister Michael Chan are hoping to convince legislators that not only will this legislation have a negative impact on Canada's economy, but it would be in New York's best interest to allow Canada the exemption. "The message we'll be bringing to our friends to the south will be: there are a lot of American jobs dependent on an unfettered trading relationship and open procurement between New York state and Ontario that will be at risk if there is not an exemption in place for Canada," Duguid said in an interview, reports Almost 80 percent of goods New York exports to Canada go into Ontario trading accounts, or about $10 billion, while $12 billion flows back into New York. Duguid is concerned that Ontario and Canada will be shut out if the proposed legislation is adopted on March 31. Duguid says that if he's not successful, Ontario will look at a bilateral deal to get around the Buy American clause, or look at other options. US President Donald Trump (R) and Canada's Prime Minister Justin Trudeau speak during a joint press conference in the East Room of the White House on February 13, 2017 Mandel Ngan, AFP "Obviously we would look at all of our options with regard to access," Duguid said. "If a jurisdiction is going to discriminate against Ontario companies we need to look at our options in terms of the alternative." Basically, the argument over President Trump's "protectionism" policy is coming to a head. Cabinet ministers are armed with a list of talking points to use when discussing trade options with their counterparts in the states, and Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne has sent letters to the governors of 27 states for whom Ontario is the top or second leading export destination. Will all this work? Carleton University professor emeritus Michael Hart is a trade expert, and they say Duguid will have little chance of success. "It's a very tried and true argument but it really doesn't play much," they said. "Put this down to largely grandstanding." Even Duguid admits that getting an exemption won't be easy. It's hard enough to grasp President Trump's threat to increase tariffs on goods from Canada and Mexico, but New York Governor Andrew Cuomo wants to go even further.During a State of the State message in Syracuse on January 11, Cuomo announced a new proposal that would implement the nation's strongest mandate for the purchase of American-made products by state entities. If the "Buy American" legislation passes, it would require state entities purchasing goods over $100,000 to give preference to American-made goods and products.What Governor Cuomo was referencing was the "Buy American Act" of 1933 , signed into law by President Hoover. The 1933 act required that the United States government show preference to U.S.-made products in its purchases.Economic Development Minister Brad Duguid and International Trade Minister Michael Chan are hoping to convince legislators that not only will this legislation have a negative impact on Canada's economy, but it would be in New York's best interest to allow Canada the exemption."The message we'll be bringing to our friends to the south will be: there are a lot of American jobs dependent on an unfettered trading relationship and open procurement between New York state and Ontario that will be at risk if there is not an exemption in place for Canada," Duguid said in an interview, reports CTV News Canada Almost 80 percent of goods New York exports to Canada go into Ontario trading accounts, or about $10 billion, while $12 billion flows back into New York. The Globe and Mail points out that with the Liberal governments planning to spend $160 billion on infrastructure over the next 12 years, it makes sense that New York would want to have access to this market.Duguid is concerned that Ontario and Canada will be shut out if the proposed legislation is adopted on March 31. Duguid says that if he's not successful, Ontario will look at a bilateral deal to get around the Buy American clause, or look at other options."Obviously we would look at all of our options with regard to access," Duguid said. "If a jurisdiction is going to discriminate against Ontario companies we need to look at our options in terms of the alternative."Basically, the argument over President Trump's "protectionism" policy is coming to a head. Cabinet ministers are armed with a list of talking points to use when discussing trade options with their counterparts in the states, and Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne has sent letters to the governors of 27 states for whom Ontario is the top or second leading export destination.Will all this work? Carleton University professor emeritus Michael Hart is a trade expert, and they say Duguid will have little chance of success. "It's a very tried and true argument but it really doesn't play much," they said. "Put this down to largely grandstanding." Even Duguid admits that getting an exemption won't be easy. More about Buy American, New york state, governor cuomo, Canada, exemption request Buy American New york state governor cuomo Canada exemption request
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
March 29, 2017, 4:47 PM GMT / Updated March 29, 2017, 4:47 PM GMT By Maggie Fox
Doctors agree that too many U.S. women who are diagnosed with breast cancer opt to have both breasts removed.
Now a new study shows where they live has a strong effect on that decision. Young women in five states — Nebraska, Missouri, Colorado, Iowa, and South Dakota — were much more likely than other women to have preventive mastectomies.
A patient undergoes Molecular Breast Imaging. NBC News
It's not clear why, but doctors agreed that women need more information before they opt for surgery that can have severe side-effects and that will not help them live any longer.
The team at the American Cancer Society, Emory University and Dana-Farber Cancer Institute looked at the records of 1.2 million women with cancer in one breast between 2004 and 2012.
Related: Most Women Who Get Double Mastectomy Don't Need It
Just as other researchers have found, they saw a big increase in the number and proportion of women opting to have the other breast removed, even though there was no sign of cancer in the second breast.
“We found that the proportion of contralateral prophylactic mastectomies among patients 20 years or older with early-stage unilateral breast cancer treated with surgery significantly increased from 2004 to 2012 in almost all states,” they wrote in their report, published in the Journal of the American Medical Association's JAMA Surgery.
In 2004, just 3.6 percent of breast cancer patients 45 and older got the other breast removed. By 2012, it was more than 10 percent.
Related: Men Get Double Mastectomies, Too
And among young women, rates rose from 10.5 percent in 2004 to a full one-third — 33.3 percent — by 2012.
“The reasons for this increasing pattern are unclear but are thought to include the fear of developing a second breast cancer and the desire for breast symmetry following reconstructive surgery,” the team, led by Emory's Rebecca Nash, wrote.
Nash's team broke it down state by state and found big variations.
Related: Double Mastectomy Doesn't Boost Breast Cancer Survival
Only about 15 percent of women with early stage breast cancer in Hawaii and the District of Columbia opted to have the healthy breast removed. But in South Dakota, Iowa, Colorado, Missouri, and Nebraska, more than 42 percent of patients opted for the preventive surgery.
This team just looked at the numbers and did not delve into whether the mastectomies might have been medically justified. Women who have certain genetic mutations putting them at extremely high risk of breast and ovarian cancer may opt for double mastectomies even before a cancer diagnosis, and certain mammogram findings may also point to a higher breast cancer risk.
But many studies have shown that women are not any less likely to die of breast cancer if they get an unaffected breast removed. And many times, it's safer and just as effective to have partial surgery even in the affected breast.
“Patients with breast cancer and breast cancer surgeons are also voters, and it is therefore reasonable to question whether these political patterns can be generalized to oncology practice patterns.”
Women have other options, from a once-a-day pill to careful monitoring. Women can take tamoxifen or one of several newer drugs called aromatase inhibitors and reduce their risk by as much as 50 percent.
Dr. Lisa Newman of the Breast Oncology Program at Detroit's Henry Ford Health System, thinks demographics may be at work.
“The Midwest is often referred to as America's heartland, and is home of the so-called bellwether states whose voting patterns have consistently predicted the outcome for national elections,” Newman, who was not involved in the study, wrote in a commentary.
“Patients with breast cancer and breast cancer surgeons are also voters, and it is therefore reasonable to question whether these political patterns can be generalized to oncology practice patterns.”
Related: Unfounded Fears May Prompt Young Women to Get Mastectomy
“Choices regarding breast cancer surgery — much like casting a ballot — can be intensely personal decisions, based on one's lifetime experiences and exposures, as well as values and resources. Patients and voters alike deserve accurate information regarding realistic expectations from their options,” Newman wrote.
They think it could be an indication of things to come. "I think that women in the Midwest may well be representative of women in the rest of the country," Newman told NBC News. "It may be that the notably rising rates in the Midwest may be a sign that we are going to see increasing rates in the rest of the country."
Newman also notes the five states have very low African-American populations and also low poverty rates, however.
At any rate, doctors need to make sure patients know what they are doing.
“We must respect patient choice and avoid being paternalistic," they said, "but we must also protect our patients from making impulsive surgical decisions when they are freshly encumbered by the panic accompanying a new diagnosis of breast cancer.”
An Eastern Kentucky sheriff has vowed that they will not take part in enforcing federal gun laws that they believe violate their constituents' Second Amendment rights.
“My office will not comply with any federal action which violates the United States Constitution or the Kentucky Constitution which I swore to uphold,” said Jackson County Sheriff Denny Peyman. “Let them pull that stuff in other places if they want, but not in Jackson County, Kentucky.”
Peyman held a press conference Saturday in which they said resisting a federal gun grab was their “moral obligation.”
According to the Lexington Herald-Leader, the sheriff says they have “a team of attorneys to step up with me if necessary to be sure the Second Amendment is upheld.”
“I'm for people defending themselves,” they said. “There are some places in this county that takes me 45 minutes to get to. If they have a gun, they could do a better job of defending themselves than waiting for me.”
Peyman is worried about federal gun confiscation. President Barack Obama accused organizations like the National Rifle Association — to which the sheriff belongs — of “ginning up fear on the part of gun owners that somehow the federal government's about to take all your guns away.”
In their Monday press conference, Obama said that “responsible gun owners, people who have a gun for protection, for hunting, for sportsmanship, they don't have anything to worry about.”
Kentucky tea party activist David Adams described Peyman as a “reasonable guy,” not a “gun-waving … extremist.” Adams told The Daily Caller News Foundation that Peyman's stance is popular locally.
“On the whole, we are very serious about Second Amendment rights in Kentucky,” they said. “Even Democrats who run in this state have to at least pay lip service to this issue. We're not hearing too many people say, ‘If Obama wants to take your guns, doggone it, let them have them.'”
Adams pointed out that while Kentucky is a “purple state,” Obama lost it by wide margins in the last two presidential elections. Peyman emphasizes that they see this as a legal battle, not a gun battle.
“We'll see when push comes to shove. It's going to have to go into the courtrooms. It's not going to be, I mean we don't want a bloodbath in our community when they come in to take guns,” they said, according to WKYT, a local news station. “It's going to have to be taken care of in a courtroom before it gets to that point.”
The recommendations of Vice President Joe Biden's gun violence task force, convened after the Sandy Hook Elementary school murders in Newtown, Conn., are expected Tuesday.
Follow Jim on Twitter
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@ dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Story highlights Pete Buttigieg is 34, openly gay, a Harvard graduate, a Rhodes Scholar and a Naval officer
Buttigieg called for an end to a race that has often looked like a Clinton-Sanders proxy battle
Washington (CNN) Pete Buttigieg, a rising Midwestern star in their second term as mayor of South Bend, Indiana, is entering the race for Democratic National Committee chair, they announced Thursday.
"I don't think that there's any silver bullet to the party's issues, but I do think there's an opportunity, especially with a perspective that comes from state or local government, and from a part of the country where Democrats absolutely should be winning races, and haven't been," they said in an interview with CNN.
Buttigieg joins a contest that has largely divided along the same lines as the party's 2016 primary -- with backers of President Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton supporting Labor Secretary Tom Perez, and supporters of Sen. Bernie Sanders rallying behind Minnesota Rep. Keith Ellison.
Buttigieg, who is 34 and openly gay, is a Harvard graduate and Rhodes Scholar. They served as a Naval officer in Afghanistan. Their only bid for statewide office has been a failed 2010 campaign for Indiana state treasurer.
However, they have won easily in South Bend, a manufacturing-heavy Rust Belt town that is home to Notre Dame University.
Read More
Tomorrow would have been Sylvia Plath's 79th birthday, had they not committed suicide at age 30. Although the literary legend is best known for their semi-autobiographical novel The Bell Jar and the posthumously published collection of poetry Ariel, as their daughter Freida Hughes explains, “her passion for art permeated their short life.” After abandoning their vibrant, complex paintings made during their years as an art student for literature, Plath continued to draw compulsively and illustrate their writing, deriving pleasure and inspiration from the craft.
Now for the first time, 44 pen and ink drawings by Plath will be on view at the Mayor Gallery in London, November 2 through December 16. Among their subjects: a kiosk near the Louvre, huts of Cambridge, views of the Spanish countryside, and Parisian streets, as well as a few items intimately linked to their literary work, like a pair of patent leather shoes entitled The Bell Jar that they're loving described in their novel of the same name. See a selection of the drawings from the Sylvia Plath: Them Drawings and Dadamaino: Volumes, spotted via Dangerous Minds, in our gallery.
Boat of Rock Harbour, Cape Cod. Image credit: Sylvia Plath. Courtesy Mayor Gallery. All images via the Telegraph.
Wasps winger Christian Wade, Saracens fly-half Owen Farrell and Leicester centre Manu Tuilagi
European Champions Cup semi-finals Saracens v Wasps: Saturday 23 April, 15:00 BST, Madejski Stadium. Live commentary on BBC Radio 5 live sports extra and online, plus live text commentary online Leicester v Racing 92: Sunday 24 April, 15:00 BST, City Ground. Live commentary on BBC Radio Leicester and online, plus live text commentary online
The latter stages of the European Champions Cup have had a distinctly Gallic accent in recent years.
Toulon beat Clermont in last season's final as Twickenham, the home of English rugby, hosted an all-French affair.
The same two sides met - with the same result - in the 2013 final in Dublin. And, just for good measure, Toulon also won the 2014 title.
This season, though, has seen an Anglo-Saxon backlash.
English teams fill three of the four semi-final slots, with Wasps and Saracens meeting in the first encounter on Saturday before Leicester take on Parisian big-spenders Racing 92 on Sunday.
So which players could ensure an English side become European champions for the first time since Wasps triumphed in 2007?
Wasps
Winger Christian Wade has captured the headlines in the build-up to the match with six tries in the 54-35 win over Worcester.
It may have been against one of the Premiership's weaker teams, but it was still an amazing feat - and I don't think they are back to 100% yet after the foot injury they picked up in the winter.
Christian Wade's six tries against Worcester matched the record for one player in a Premiership match, set by Saracens' Ryan Constable against Bedford in 2000
By the end of the season, they will be razor sharp and Wasps' director of rugby Dai Young, as you would expect, is banging the drum for Wade to be included on England's tour of Australia or the Saxons' trip to South Africa.
They may well get to go. But they will have to make an absolutely stellar case to displace Anthony Watson or Jack Nowell as England's first-choice wings.
Nathan Hughes finally completes their three-year residency qualification to become eligible for England this summer, and the Fiji-born number eight will relish the chance to prove themselves against Saracens counterpart Billy Vunipola, who has become one of the mainstays of Eddie Jones' England.
It is very easy to spot what the 24-year-old brings to a well-balanced Wasp back row completed by George Smith and James Haskell.
Nathan Hughes has represented Fiji's second-string Warriors side, but turned down a call-up to the senior side for the 2015 World Cup which would have made them ineligible for England
Hughes' eye for a gap, pace off the mark and ability to carry strongly with a firm hand-off means they can rampage in the loose.
However, it is also their attitude which impresses me. They work selflessly for the team and their discipline is watertight.
They only switched their sporting focus to rugby from hockey at 17 and there is even more to come from them as they develop.
Both they and Vunipola will say that the game is not about individuals but, having been there and done it, I know that facing your direct rival for an international spot brings an extra edge to the game for players.
Saracens
Fly-half Owen Farrell is having the best season of their career. They have had to adapt to playing inside centre internationally for England, giving them a wider understanding of the game - and they can now unlock a defence as well.
A few seasons ago they would have given the pass to put a team-mate into a gap. Now they are running through it himself.
Farrell's kicking and defence have always been exemplary, but now they are a threat with ball in hand too. The improvements have been incremental over the past three seasons, but now you see them wrapping around behind their backline, and supporting and getting fully involved.
Sarries' 22-12 win over Harlequins at Wembley last weekend gave us a chance to admire the contrasting styles of the Premiership champions' full-back Alex Goode against England incumbent Mike Brown.
Alex Goode made more metres (164m) and had more carries (20) than any other player in Saracens' win over Quins
Brown is a very direct, physical player, committing fully to everything they do, whether it is fielding a high ball, racing across to make a cover tackle or running the ball back fast and hard at the opposition defence.
Goode is different.  They are a well-balanced, elegant runner who has more guile than Brown and can anticipate what the field of play will look like in half a second's time.
Their vision and awareness are more subtle qualities but mean they can pick the pass that will turn a half break into a try.
The verdict
Wasps' quarter-final win over Exeter was amazing. They were 13 points down with fewer than 20 minutes to play and fought their way back magnificently to win with daring, dashing rugby.
But we should not have been surprised - Wasps showed in their pool stage wins against Toulon and Leinster that they can score tries from anywhere.
By playing a free-running game you are dealing in very fine margins, however, and Wasps will have to nail every pass, every offload and every angle to beat Saracens.
There is a lot that can go wrong, especially in a game of that magnitude and tempo against a superbly structured and fit defence.
The closest Saracens - and Billy Vunipola - have come to winning the tournament was defeat by Toulon in the 2014 final
Saracens' way of playing is not risk-free either, but it is a style they have been evolving and refining in reaching the last four at least in each of the past four seasons.
They have introduced a more expansive, attacking edge to their shrewd percentage-based game this season in anticipation of matches like this.
They could win the domestic title by playing as they did last season, but they have realised they have to score more tries if they want to reel in the really big prize - becoming champions of Europe. I think they will move a step closer to landing this one by beating Wasps.
Leicester
Freddie Burns has scored two tries in 13 Premiership appearances this season after failing to cross the line in 21 top-flight games last season
Having suffered a broken jaw and a bout of Bell's palsy since they arrived at Welford Road in 2014, fly-half Freddie Burns has not yet reached the heights with Leicester that they managed with previous club Gloucester.
 They are not the most fluid of fly-halves. It does not seem that they can bring together the distribution, running and kicking from hand in a complete performance. And they do not consistently dominate games at the moment as they did in their final two seasons at Kingsholm.
But one part of their game that has been functioning perfectly is their kicking off the tee. They landed six out of six in the win over Northampton last weekend and did not look like missing. That could be key this weekend.
Since they made their comeback after 15 months out injured, I have seen England centre Manu Tuilagi make breaks and big hits, but also miss their man and drop balls.
Their form has been patchy as they find their feet, but they are a game-changer. They can shift the momentum of a match in a moment and that is a rare ability.
 They are likely to be opposite France international Alexandre Dumoulin against Racing 92. The France international is no shrinking violet and theirs will be an intriguing duel.
The verdict
The Leicester-Racing semi-final will be tight and tactical rather than the fast and fluid encounter Wasps v Saracens promises to be.
Dan Carter has missed only one of their 20 kicks at goal in Champions Cup action this season
It is a bit of myth that French sides don't travel well. They have been the strongest teams in this tournament in recent years and the influx of top foreign players into the Top 14 has helped shake that unwanted tradition.
But it is less than 30 miles from Welford Road to the City Ground in Nottingham where the match is being played and I expect it to be a bubbling atmosphere.
World Cup-winning New Zealand fly-half Dan Carter leads a galaxy of stars in the Racing line-up, but I think if Burns keeps up the accuracy of their goal-kicking Leicester will have enough to turn over the French side and set up an all-English final.
We all are familiar with the term procrastination. It is a thought, an emotional reaction to putting off the task at hand. This phenomenon is also called mood repair by some researchers in which we avoid the bad mood associated with our work by spending time on mood boosting activities.
In fact, showing reluctance to taking the first step in a project, avoiding and dragging things out too long are the hardest challenges everyone faces at workplace. Simply the lower motivation level and apparently the inability to get started on the task we decided to do are the major causes of procrastination. That's why we seriously need to deal with procrastination to avoid it.
Starting a task is the biggest hurdle; whenever there is a task to be completed, we will make every possible effort to put it off until we have absolutely no choice to finally get it done on a very short notice.
In this post, you'll find four simple ways to quit procrastination habit, stay on task and do the work needed to grow your career.
1. Do One Thing at a Time
Large tasks seem overwhelming and are the major causes of procrastination. It is highly recommended to break down the large tasks into smaller, more manageable chunks so that you can easily maintain your focus on one at a time. Concentrating on one thing at a time can help you complete your task more quickly.
We all need to break down our projects and goals into small pieces. I believe, this is the simplest thing we can do to avoid being overwhelmed. No matter, how large a project is, you can always break down into manageable chunks that motivates us to get started and work in a logical sequence until completion.
2. Set Realistic Deadline
Deadlines, no matter if they are self-imposed or given by your boss, force you to complete things on time. This makes task accomplishment easier. Tasks are not subjected to be concentrated in our minds without a clearly set deadline. The ambiguity is also the biggest cause of procrastination.
According to some entrepreneurs, strategists and marketers, deadlines often have a slightly negative implication and must be avoided at all costs, but the opposite is true in every case. The ultimate inspiration to complete the task is the deadline.
3. Perfectionism Wastes Time
Striving for perfection delays many brilliant and successful ideas. It is human nature that we always try to do our best, but in professional life, we all need to complete the task and move onto the next. As no finished product is perfect, we can only try to make it perfect. But if you keep trying for perfection, you will never finish your task. There is no perfect product, anywhere. Everything has a flaw that someone can point out. You can only complete your task that is really good and accept some flaws are inevitable. You can always come back to improve on in future iterations.
I'm not saying that you can't create an amazing finished product. But it won't be completely perfect. And at some point you will realize that it's not perfect, but it's really damn good and your supervisor will love it. This way call your task done and move forward.
4. Step Away from a Task for a While
This may sound weird, but it has been proven that stepping away from a task for a while can be worthwhile to completing a task quickly. A lot of researches have shown that people tend to get things done more quickly after taking a light to medium workout break. However, the ability to perform better tend to reduce after strenuous activity.
To maintain the level of productivity, leave your desk, take a break, go outside for a walk. Let your mind relax without thinking about your tasks. Continuously thinking about your tasks can cause sever anxiety and make you feel overwhelmed. Taking a break will help you overcome your procrastination and work toward your task completion goals. The simplest activity of walking without thinking too much about your task will allow your mind to work clearly with more energy and focus.
No matter how many hacks and tips you find about dealing with the habit of procrastination, they all end when you sit down and do your tasks until they are completed. It is the motivation to do the task that matters, nothing else. Without determination to complete the work, all of these tips, ideas and ways will not help you to get things done. So, get up and get to work now!
31 Days of Halloween: On Atlas Obscura this month, we're celebrating Halloween each day with woeful, wondrous, and wickedly macabre tales all linked to a real locale that you can visit, if you dare.
“Little Red Riding Hood & the Wolf,” by Gustave Doré (via Wikimedia)
At dusk, a young girl is snatched from the edge of a field, never to be seen again. Dawn brings the discovery of partially devoured bodies, and enormous footprints leading into the forest.
Considering some of the historic stories of deadly encounters with wolves, fanciful stories on the edges of truth of battles done with enormous wolf beasts, murderous men transformed into deadly Canis lupis through demonic bargains, and the power of the full moon, it is no wonder that even in the near absence of wolves in the modern wild, we still maintain an instinctual fear of the Big Bad Wolf.
Occasionally, the nightmare beast with glowing eyes, bloodstained claws, and mighty jaws dripping with gore turned out to be real.
Wherever they once roamed, wolves have given form to the fear of that which lurks at the edge of the light, hiding in the shadows and creeping along on silent paws. In children's story and ancient fable, the wolf is an allegory for the devil or represents the fears of the unknown darknesses found when one strays from the safety of home.
Today, with wolves reduced to rarities, all but vanished in the wild except in the most remote parts of the world, it can be difficult to understand the true fear they instilled in the hearts of men, and the effect that living in the presence of a skilled predator had on the lives of people, even in cities and towns that could theoretically protect themselves.
Stories of rogue wolf packs attacking cities were not uncommon, including the time in 1450, when a pack of wolves breached the city walls, descended on the city of Paris, and killed and ate forty people.
By the next century, wolves, and people in the guise of wolves, were at the center of the witchcraft trials which spread across France and the rest of Europe. Shapeshifting was a common accusation, usually into whatever animal was feared most locally, or had been recently seen attacking livestock or people.
Detail, showing the death of Peter Stubbe (or Stumpp) (via University of Pittsburgh)
A sensational trial in Germany in 1589 saw a man accused of making a deal with the devil, shapeshifting into a wolf, and killing 128 people, among other assorted gruesome crimes.
Known as the “Werewolf of Bedburg,” Peter Stubbe (or Stumpp) was executed on October 31, 1589, along with their daughter and mistress. As an example to others tempted by the devil's offer of magical shape shifting garments, the execution was spectacularly horrific. The story was spread throughout Europe in a pamphlet describing the trial, torture, and death with relish. Then, as now, a story with a title like A True Discourse. Declaring the Damnable Life and Death of One Stubbe Peeter, a Most Wicked Sorcerer sold like hotcakes, and the werewolf myth gained more ground in the popular mind.
“A True Discourse. Declaring the Damnable Life and Death of One Stubbe Peeter, a Most Wicked Sorcerer,” London, 1590 (via University of Pittsburgh)
After lurid accounts of their supposed crimes including assorted murders, acts of cannibalism, and the ripping of children from the wombs of their mothers, after which they “eate their hartes panting hotte and rawe,” their final execution was described thus:
....his body laide on a wheele, and with red hotte burning pincers in ten seue∣ral places to haue the flesh puld off from the bones, after that, their legges and Armes to be broken with a woodden Are or Hatchet, afterward to haue their head strook from their body, then to haue their carkasse burnde to Ashes.
Today there is debate over whether Stubbe was a spectacularly bad man — a serial killer of the day — or if perhaps the spate of deaths might in fact be blamed on actual, non-demonic, non-shifting wolves, or whether they simply found himself, like so many others, on the wrong side of an inquisitor's political or religious agenda.
Whatever the truth, theirs was not an isolated case by any stretch of the imagination: in France alone, between 1598 and 1600, it has been reported that more than 600 people were sentenced to death on accusations of shapeshifting into wolves.
Sometimes, wolves were fearsome enough without demonic intervention.
In the late 18th century, something had gone very wrong in the relationship between people and wolves in France: In 1765, a wolf attacked 18 people, killing four in Soissons. A pack of wolves in Perigard attacked in 1766, killing 18 people. Four of the wolves were eventually killed, and two are on display as taxidermy mounts at the chateau of Razac. Another wolf in the town of Sarlat attacked 17 people that same year
18th century illustration of the Beast of Gévaudan (via Wikimedia)
Perfectly timed to take advantage of the crippling fear the French citizens had cultivated for wolves, a spectacularly fearsome creature entered the fray.
Described by witnesses and survivors as a massive red-black wolf-like creature, with enormous claws and crushing fangs, something started killing in the spring of 1674 in the countryside of the rural area of Gévaudan, starting with one young girl tending a flock of sheep, and eventually attacking more than a hundred people, mostly women and children, killing and devouring most of them. The locals dubbed it The Beast of Gévaudan.
In the face of such horror, the local citizenry understandably freaked out. They sent hunters by the thousands to sweep the woods and mountains where the beast was thought to roam. They killed dozens, probably hundreds, of wolves in the attempt to stop the violence.
In January of the following year a group of eight young boys were attacked and managed to survive to tell their tale, which reached all the way to Louis XV, who granted a reward to the youngsters and followed up by sending their finest huntsmen to the countryside to find and kill the beast. While these marksmen tracked the wolf without success, the attacks continued unabated. One young woman met the beast on the road, and nearly killed it.
Statue in Auvers of the attack (photograph by Szeder László)
According to sworn testimony recorded in 1765, a young woman named Marie-Jeanne Valet was walking through the wooded countryside, crossing between two branches of a river, when they turned and, to their horror, saw the beast tracking them from behind.
The beast attacked, and they parried, thrusting a homemade spear into the beast's chest. Injured, the animal cried out in pain and lifted an enormous paw to the wound, before disappearing into the racing waters of the river.
The king's men were fascinated by the story, calling them “the Maid of Gévaudan,” and comparing them to Joan of Arc.
The attacks did not stop.
The next month, the king's men caught word that a large wolf, with mate and whelps, had been spotted in nearby woods. They recruited forty sharpshooters, gathered the guns and the hunting dogs and headed into the woods. There they quickly found themselves face to face with an angry, protective, and six-foot-long, 140 pound wolf. The king's gun bearer raised their musket and took aim. A shot to the eye only slowed the animal in their attack, and despite being hit a second time, the beast covered another 25 yards before succumbing to their wounds.
Illustration of the wolf shot in 1765 (via Wikimedia)
This massive wolf — known as Le Loup de Chazes — was triumphantly preserved and brought back and presented at the court of Louis XV. The huntsmen were fêted as victors over the dreaded beast.
The attacks continued.
The king's hunters turned their attention to the female wolf and the youngsters, which had escaped the September battle in the woods. More large wolves were killed in the following months, and the attacks on villagers seemed to come to an end. The king's men called it a day, collected their reward, packed their bags, and left Gévaudan.
A few months later, in the dead of winter, the attacks began anew.
It was not until June of 1767 that the end finally came, when a local farmer and innkeeper by the name of Jean Chastel headed to the hills in pursuit of the Beast. According to legend, when Chastel made their way to the beast's lair, they sat down, and opened their Bible, and patiently waited for the animal to approach. As a huge wolf came out of hiding, unable to resist the opportunity, Chastel raised their gun and fired, killing the legendary Beast of Gévaudan at last.
1765 illustration of the beast (via The London Magazine)
There remain a lot of questions surrounding the basic facts reported at the time, and the passage of centuries has allowed the already extraordinary story to be embellished and an almost unceasing dialogue about just who or what caused the beast to attack, and what the true identity of the beast might have been. Later accounts put the story firmly in werewolf country, and claim Chastel took the beast down with a silver bullet, melted from a religious amulet, despite no contemporary sources claiming as much. Others have theorized that Chastel and their family may have in fact trained the attack animal for their own nefarious gain, while still others postulate that the animal was a rampaging hyena, rather than a wolf, or a cryptid of some other more fanciful sort. Most scholars of the subject agree that the most likely culprit was a series of attacks by several large — but not mythically so — wolves over time.
Today the area once known as Gévaudan (now Lozère), like most of Western Europe, is essentially wolf-free, people having long since hunted the animals to near extinction. Only in recent years have small wild populations started to reappear. However, the area has embraced its long association with the Beast, and is home to numerous memorials, monuments, and proud statues of the Beast and its hunters.
Perhaps most encouragingly, it is also home to Les Loups du Gévaudan park, a wolf sanctuary where over 100 wolves live in and roam the lands in which they once hunted, a place dedicated to their history and restoring their reputation in France.
Further Reading:
“A True Discourse. Declaring the Damnable Life and Death of One Stubbe Peeter, a Most Wicked Sorcerer” (full text)
Jay Smith, Monsters of Gevaudan, 2011 Harvard University Press
Historic Werewolves - Mental_Floss
Charles Perrault's original “Little Red Riding Hood” short story. Spoiler: it's a happier ending for the wolf than Little Red.
Explore in the Footsteps of the Beast:
LES LOUPS DU GEVAUDAN WOLF SANCTUARY, Saint-Léger-de-Peyre, France
MONUMENT TO JEAN CHASTEL, La Besseyre-Saint-Mary, France
MARIE-JEANNE VALET VS. THE BEAST OF GEVAUDAN, Auvers, France
MUSEUM OF THE BEAST OF GEVAUDAN, Saugues, France
More Wolf Sanctuaries:
WOLF CONSERVATION CENTER, South Salem, New York
SEACREST WOLF PRESERVE, Chipley, Florida
Click here for more of our 31 Days of Halloween, where each day we're celebrating the strange-but-true unsettling corners of the world.
Orange County's Board of Supervisors rejected letter grade health ratings for our restaurants, so if you visit Disneyland, or California Adventures, you won't know if their restaurants have had any food safety issues. But don't despair! You can read all about their inspections online.
Disney does have a safety department that includes several full time food safety professionals – and most of them used to work for the County of Orange Health Agency, as restaurant health inspectors. But the turnover at restaurants can be high, and Disneyland also employs a lot of youngsters, who may lack experience. As such the Disney restaurants have pretty lengthy inspection records, that can make for interesting reading, to say the least.
Here are links to the restaurant inspection information for all of the restaurants at Disneyland:
And here are links to all of the restaurant inspection information for all of the restaurants at California Adventures:
Here are the restaurant inspection reports for all eateries at Disneyland Hotel:
Here are the restaurant inspection reports for all the eateries at the Grand Californian Hotel:
Eating at Disneyland isn't a cheap proposition – the least they can do is maintain safe, hygienic restaurants!
Advertisements
Buy Photo The state Senate approved a bill to give private schools and universities the ability to implement a handgun policy. (Photo: File / The Tennessean)Buy Photo
One of the most controversial gun bills of the 2016 legislative session, which would have allowed Tennesseans to carry a handgun without first obtaining a permit, failed to make its way out committee on Tuesday.
The measure would have let anyone over the age of 21 carry a weapon so long as they aren't prohibited by law from possessing a weapon. The gun could either be concealed or carried in the open.
Proponents of the measure call it “constitutional carry,” while opponents say such a law would add additional burdens to law enforcement.
With a 4-4 vote and one lawmaker electing not to vote, the Senate Judiciary Committee declined to send the bill to the Senate floor.
After the vote, the bill's sponsor, Sen. Mark Green, R-Clarksville, vowed not to give up, saying he'd try to convince one of the committee members who didn't support the measure. “The pass is the one you go for,” they said, referring to Sen. Todd Gardenhire, R-Chattanooga, who declined to vote on the bill.
The four no votes came from Sens. John Stevens, R-Huntingdon; Douglas Overbey, R-Maryville; Sara Kyle and Lee Harris, who are both Memphis Democrats.
Before the vote, the bill underwent significant discussion as Green and Sen. Kerry Roberts, R-Springfield, argued in favor of the measure.
Green said the legislation is necessary today because the United States is facing threats from organizations like ISIS, which they said is sending out 100,000 tweets a day to recruit “lone-wolf terrorists.”
Noting that the country's security has been ensured by a standing army, as well as the FBI and the CIA, Green said that with the presence of modern-day organizations like ISIS, “the armed citizenry is really the only last defense we have.”
Although Green amended the bill to include a provision that would have required gun owners to obtain a training certificate, Col. Tracy Trott, head of the Tennessee Highway Patrol, said they still opposed the legislation.
“We just don't see a need for this type of bill,” they said, praising the current permitting system. Trott said their main concern about Green's amendment is that there could be varying forms of training coming from different organizations.
After the committee also heard from Jimmy Musice, an attorney with the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation, and Kevin Crawford, a legislative liaison for the state, who said Gov. Bill Haslam's administration philosophically opposed the measure, Harris fired off a series of questions before concluding the bill is “a bridge too far.”
Roberts, who noted Tennessee's recent designation from the American Conservative Union, which called it the most conservative state in the nation, questioned, “Why are we not leading on this? Why are we following? It's a constitutional right.”
Roberts attempted to bolster the case for the bill, arguing that the seven states with permitless carry laws — Alaska, Arizona, Kansas, Maine, Vermont, Wyoming and, most recently, West Virginia — have not become the “wild, Wild West.”
After the vote, the Tennessee Firearms Association called out two members of the committee, saying they held the legislation “hostage.”
“Sen. Gardenhire 'passed' — that is they pulled a Barack Obama and was 'present but not voting.' Equally troubling but not totally unexpected was Sen. John Stevens who voted 'no' on the bill,” the organization wrote in a blog post on its website that also attacked the governor.
“This battle is not over but we have to accept that Bill Haslam, their minions and too many people living their lives on your tax dollars, as well as several elected officials, are doing everything in their powers to oppress your rights,” the post reads.
On Wednesday, Haslam supported the bill's defeat, saying, "We've passed a lot of bills based on handgun carry permit holders, and it just felt wrong to kind of change the game in the middle of it."
Kathleen Wright, a volunteer with the Tennessee chapter of Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America, breathed a sigh of relief after the vote.
“This bill could have extremely dangerous implications,” they said, citing statistics about the number of people who obtain guns without undergoing a background check. “We completely support law enforcement and the TBI and what they are doing.”
A House version of Green's bill, sponsored by Rep. Judd Matheny, R-Tullahoma, was removed from the chamber's civil justice subcommittee on Wednesday, effectively halting any action this year.
Several other gun bills have been proposed this session, with some gaining momentum recently, including one sponsored by Sen. Dolores Gresham, R-Somerville, that originally sought to allow any valid handgun permit holder the ability to sue a person or business in the event that the gun holder was injured or killed by “invitees, trespassers, employees of the person or entity, vicious animals, wild animals and defensible human-made and natural hazards” while in a gun-free zone.
Gresham amended their bill to address concerns expressed by some of their colleagues. While discussing the amendment, Gresham said their goal was to rewrite the bill to get property owners to take down signs indicating gun-free zones.
They cited comments from John Lott, a Fox News columnist, who spoke in favor of several gun bills on Feb. 10 and who also said posting gun-free signs can create problems.
"What you are essentially doing was saying 'Active shooters welcome here,' " Gresham said, noting that the original version of their bill would have made a business owner liable for anything that happened to a gun owner while on the premises.
"This one says, take the sign down and you will have civil immunity in case anything happens," they explained.
Harris said they opposed the bill because it would set a dangerous precedent in the treatment of private property owners.
Gresham's amendment was adopted before the committee voted 6-2 in favor of the bill, which now heads to the Senate floor. Harris and Kyle voted against the measure, while Overbey abstained.
The House version of the bill has yet to be taken up in a subcommittee.
Reach Joel Ebert at 615-772-1681 and on Twitter @joelebert29.
Read or Share this story: http://tnne.ws/1pg29sE
Abdulkafi Alhamdo lived through the months-long siege of rebel-held eastern Aleppo with their wife and baby daughter, Lamar, now 11 months old.
An English teacher by profession, the 31-year-old Alhamdo was among a number of civilian activists who used social media to inform the world as their neighborhood was increasingly cut off by the Syrian government offensive, backed by Russian bombing, that finally retook the city in mid-December.
They spoke with Mark Krutov from RFE/RL's Russian Service about their flight from eastern Aleppo after surviving an experience they call worse than "living in hell itself."
RFE/RL: The Syrian and Russian governments declared their offensive to retake rebel-held eastern Aleppo complete on December 13. As part of an agreement with the rebel forces, the international humanitarian Red Cross and Red Crescent evacuated hundreds of fighters and civilians who wanted to leave the city and go to other rebel-held areas of the country. You were on one of the buses. What was that like?
Abdulkafi Alhamdo: I left Aleppo on the last day of the evacuation, exactly on December 18, but it was one of the most horrible evacuations I could imagine. Just imagine that for 20 hours we were on the buses without water, without food, without going to the toilet. My baby daughter was about to die in the bus, but when I asked the members of the Red Cross and Red Crescent for some water for her, they said it was prohibited. I told them what kind of ridiculous thing is that when all the cluster bombs and phosphorous bombs [that had fallen] upon our heads [during the siege] were not prohibited but water for my daughter is.
RFE/RL: What was the reason for the delays?
Alhamdo: It was a kind of humiliation by the [President Bashar al-] Assad regime and the Russian forces. When we left the rebel-held neighborhoods of Aleppo and were heading toward the countryside, which is under rebel control, we were stopped in the regime areas for 20 hours on the side of the road without any reason. When we asked members of the Red Cross and Red Crescent why, they told us not to ask any questions if we wanted to save our lives.
It's almost as if death is chasing after the people of Aleppo, wherever they are.
Some fighters preferred to go with their families in the civilian evacuation [instead of on special buses], and they were treated badly and some of them were killed during the evacuation.
All the civilians were evacuated through the western suburbs of Aleppo; some went to Idlib province [under the control of the rebels], some of them went to Turkey. But going to Turkey is a dangerous and expensive [journey], so most people went to the countryside west of Aleppo [under rebel control], and that is where I went, too.
RFE/RL: How are things where you are now?
Alhamdo: Nothing can be worse than the situation was in Aleppo. When we lived in Aleppo, life was much worse than in hell itself. So when we were evacuated here and lived for two weeks without any bombing, it was something very unusual for us to live like normal people again. But now, the bombing has started [where we are], the heavy shelling, the rockets from Russian and Assad's planes come again and again and people here are afraid. It's almost as if death is chasing after the people of Aleppo, wherever they are. With regard to the humanitarian situation, there is food and water. There is no electricity, but at least I can get some food for myself and my family.
RFE/RL: Will you leave Syria?
Alhamdo: I've never even thought about it. I want to stay in Syria. I don't want to leave Syria just because of Russia or Assad or Iran [whose professional and volunteer forces are fighting in support of Assad's forces]. This is a kind of occupation. Believe me, what happened in Syria is not a civil war at all, as the media says. This is a war against Syrians, an occupation.
Bombing and shells were falling on us like rain.
I know that Assad and Russia want us to leave for Europe, to Turkey, or to any other place on Earth, but not to live here. When we were living in Aleppo, they gave us only two choices: death or displacement.
Now that we are in the countryside, they are giving us these two choices again: death or displacement.
RFE/RL: During the time you spent in Aleppo, what were some of the things that you will remember for the rest of your life?
Alhamdo: You cannot imagine the suffering that I experienced in besieged Aleppo. There was no water, no food, no medicine. I remember one day when my baby daughter was sick [and] I couldn't find any doctor for them There were some doctors in besieged Aleppo, but those doctors were occupied with amputating limbs or with life-threatening injuries, so there were no doctors to help my daughter.
They had a very high fever, pain in the abdomen. I was struggling to get at least some medication for them but could not. My wife soon also fell ill and could no longer breastfeed. The only thing I could feed to my daughter was mashed dates and I also mixed crushed rice with water and salt. They were crying all the time and asking to eat.
There are lots of unforgettable moments, but the last week in Aleppo was the most horrible of all. There was a time when I just cried for two days, not for myself but for my family. We were besieged in a very small area, about two square kilometers, 50,000 people, and bombing and shells were falling on us like rain. People were lying on the ground injured and killed, and no one could help them. The building next door collapsed, and I could hear some people crying for help but nobody could lift that roof off them to help them. They were left there until they died.
I hope the things that happened in Aleppo will not be repeated now in the countryside. I hope that our voice is heard around the world, that the UN Security Council, the international community, will hear: Please help us, help the children, help all the people who are now in the countryside west of Aleppo, help as soon as possible.
The Queen Mary, built in Scotland in 1933, found a new home in Long Beach in 1967. Considering how long the ship has been on the West Coast, and how it's been obsessed over by a slew of historians, you'd think that every nook and cranny of the ship has seen its time in the spotlight.
That's not quite the case, apparently, as it was announced last week that a new room has been uncovered on the ship. The discovery happened when workers were doing repairs in the bathroom of the ship's A-deck, above the main visitor entrance, according to the Long Beach Press-Telegram.
This new room was hidden behind the locked bathroom, and is reported to be a 1,500-square-foot space. The space contains the machinery that is used to control the ship's anchors; officials say they believe that the room may have been sealed off in the 1960s as the ship was being converted into a hotel and tourist attraction. In a Facebook post, organizers say that the room is "in nearly pristine condition":
We rediscovered a room, in nearly pristine condition, that was chock full of massive equipment, gears and motors that had probably not been seen in decades, maybe since the renovation in the late ‘60's. This mechanical space located beneath the Forecastle contains the original power equipment handling the anchors, each weighing in at 16 tons, as well as warping gear that served the Queen Mary's impressive anchor deployment retraction system.
The post goes on to say that planners are working on preserving the equipment, and possibly incorporating it into the guided tours that take place on the ship. “We want to present the room in a way that reflects the historical significance,” Dan Zaharoni, chief development officer for Urban Commons, told the Press Telegram. Urban Commons currently holds the lease on the Queen Mary, and manages operations on the ship and the area surrounding it. “By reinterpreting and presenting things in different ways than they have been in the past, we think we can attract a whole new audience.”
A past picture of the newly discovered room, according to officials. (Via The Queen Mary/Facebook)
There is a bit of debate over how long the room has actually been hidden, and if it'd really been hidden at all. As noted at NBC 4, one commentor on the Queen Mary's Facebook page claim that they'd seen the room in the early '80s while they were serving as a guide on the ship. Another commentor said that the room was simply hard for the public to access, but was not necessarily sealed up for decades.
The discovery (and potential utilization of the new room) comes at a precarious time for the Queen Mary. This March, a group of naval architects and marine engineers released a report saying that the ship is in such bad shape that it could possibly sink. The list of "critical" repairs add up to about $23 million. In 2016, Urban Commons announced plans to remodel the ship and develop a new "entertainment district" in the space immediately surrounding the ship; this entertainment and retail complex is expected to cost about $250 million.
Comedian Doug Stanhope will be the next guest to sit down for an hour conversation host Ron Bennington for Unmasked, at SiriusXM. Unmasked is a series of uncensored conversations with the world's greatest comedic voices.
Stanhope is promoting their new book, Digging Up Mother: A Love Story which hits stores May 10th. It's available for pre-order now by the way. Doug is as controversial as they are funny, and has an impressive career so far– their smart, outspoken and brutally honest approach comedy has won them awards, critical acclaim, a rabid and gigantic fan base, and some criticism. Doug hosted the Man Show on Comedy Central for two seasons, has released four CDs and three DVDs including “No Refunds” on Showtime in 2008, and has a long list of tv appearance credits, but he's best known for their live performances, their podcast which airs on the Things Comedy network, and of course, their Celebrity Death Pool. Oh and they saved a man's life by talking them out of jumping off a bridge.
Stanhope fans and curious onlookers will not want to miss this episode, to hear Doug talk about their uniquely dark (and yes sometimes uncomfortable) sensibility, comedy and career. He'll definitely be talking about their mother and their new book, which includes conversations about how much they shaped their views, by reciting Monty Python sketches to him, introducing them to Richard Pryor at the age of 9, and taking them to their AA meetings. Their book copy describes their life as absurd, chaotic and often obscene.
Stanhope will sit down with Bennington in front of an audience at SiriusXM to tape an hour-long interview on Tuesday May 17th at 12pm and you can request free tickets to attend. There are a very limited number of tickets available so get your requests in fast!
The Unmasked series documents the careers of the very best comedy writers, directors, filmmakers, actors, screenwriters, satirists, political comedians, comedic musicians and of course, stand up comedians in the business. With over 125 episodes so far, Unmasked is a veritable archive of the greatest comedy of our time. Past Unmasked guests have included Joan Rivers, Bob Newhart, Amy Schumer, Dan Aykroyd, Simon Pegg, Tracy Morgan, Paul Feig, Jim Jefferies, Gilbert Gottfried, Bobcat Goldthwait, Louis C.K., David Brenner, Brian Regan, Patrice O'Neal and over 100 more comedy greats.
Don't miss this amazing comedy event. If you would like to join Ron and Doug, here's how to request tickets. Please be sure you can make it if you request tickets, as there are only a few seats available:
Make sure you know you can be in midtown Manhattan on time before you request tickets. You will need to be at SiriusXM studios by 11:30am on Tuesday May 17th .
. You must have a Twitter account to request tickets. If you don't have one, its free and easy to sign up.
Make sure you're following @UnmaskedShow on Twitter. We will not be able to contact you if you are not following that account.
Send a reply to @UnmaskedShow on Twitter and let us know if you are requesting one or two tickets. Please only request tickets if you KNOW you can attend, and only request two tickets if you can be certain you will be bringing someone because we have very limited seating.
Please do not submit duplicate requests for tickets
You must be 18 or older to attend.
Do not reply here to request tickets. You must reply to the Twitter account to be eligible to get tickets.
Ticket winners will be contacted by DirectMessage from the producers of Unmasked on Twitter to let you know how to get your tickets. So remember to check your DirectMessages to see if you've got a ticket!
In addition to hosting “Unmasked”, Ron Bennington hosts a daily comedy talk show, “Bennington” with their co-host Gail Bennington on SiriusXM's Raw Dog Comedy Channel from noon to 3pm et.
The hate-filled note was allegedly found on a student's windshield on April 29, and it contained an ominous warning:
“I am so glad that you are leaving soon,” the message said. “One less n‑‑‑‑‑ that this school has to deal with. You have spoken up too much. You will change nothing. Shut up or I will shut you up.”
Days of demonstrations against hate speech and canceled classes followed at St. Olaf College, a liberal arts school in Northfield, Minn.
There was only one problem: The note, as it turns out, was fake. And yet, it arrived on the heels of nine other reported acts of hate speech on campus in recent months.
In an email sent to the campus community Wednesday, St. Olaf College President David R. Anderson revealed that investigators “confronted a person of interest” and confirmed that the threatening note was “not a genuine threat.”
“We're confident that there is no ongoing threat from this incident to individuals or the community as a whole,” the message said.
In a subsequent email, Anderson offered more clues about the author and the note, but did not offer a name.
“The reason I said in my earlier note that this was not a genuine threat is that we learned from the author's confession that the note was fabricated,” they added. “It was apparently a strategy to draw attention to concerns about the campus climate.”
Anderson went on to say that federal privacy laws prohibit the college from disclosing the identity of the note's author.
[Protests erupt, classes canceled after racist notes enrage a Minnesota college]
Samantha Wells, the student who allegedly found the note, appeared to reference the president's email on Twitter Wednesday, according to the Minnesota Star Tribune. In several tweets, the paper reported, Wells referenced being linked to the university's investigation, but did not explicitly claim responsibility for fabricating the note.
“So, it looks like something made its way back to me in the investigation,” they tweeted. “I will be saying it was a hoax. I don't care. There is nothing more that I can do.”
Police told the Star Tribune that Wells declined to file a criminal case, leading authorities to drop their investigation. Police told the paper that Wells informed them she'd prefer not to be involved in an investigation as they neared graduation before leaving for Europe.
Attempts to reach Wells via email were not immediately successful.
The racist note set off a flurry of student action that eventually resulted in an agreement between school officials and student protesters after several days of protest. Anderson sent an email to students May 1 stating that the administration had agreed with the student-led group “Collective For Change on The Hill,” which interrupted a college forum earlier in the day to present administrators with their demands.
“This the first step in a process toward a long-term solution, and all of us on campus are committed to moving forward in a spirit of collaboration to address these important issues,” they said.
We started by blocking off the cafeteria. We are blocking off the whole building now. Join us! If you are not on campus share this! Posted by Teresa Calderon on Saturday, April 29, 2017
School administrators eventually canceled classes “so that we may have time for faculty, students, and staff to continue the discussions about racism and diversity on our campus,” St. Olaf spokesperson Kari VanDerVeen said at the time.
The racist note was the latest incident in a series of similar expressions against students.
“It's been something that's been going on all year,” Wells told fellow students during the weekend demonstrations, according to the Northfield News. “We've done so much digging and this stuff has happened for decades. There's one thing that happens and it stops and then it happens again and then it kind of stops. I think the big message is we shouldn't let this happen again. The administration needs to do something that stops it indefinitely.”
“We are protesting to help change the institutional structure that perpetuates racism here at St. Olaf,” they told The Washington Post in an email May 1.
[A white supremacist is accused of punching a protester. Classmates say they make them feel ‘unsafe.']
Nearly 3,000 full-time students were enrolled in St. Olaf College in fall 2016; 2,214 of the students were white and 63 were black, according to enrollment figures.
During the current school year, there have been nine reported acts of hate speech on campus — three incidents during the first semester and six during the second semester — according to the college.
School officials called it “deeply troubling” that some racist messages were being sent directly to specific students and said the administration is working to find those responsible for the “hate-filled acts.”
“The racist message a student received this weekend follows several other racist acts on campus throughout the year, including written racial epithets and a message targeted at another student,” VanDerVeen, the school spokesperson, said in a statement several days after the protests began. “In addition to the sharp rise in incidents, it is also deeply troubling that the perpetrators have begun directing messages to specific members of our community.
“These acts are despicable. They violate every value we hold as a community, and they have absolutely no place at St. Olaf.”
In an April 21 email to students, Anderson, the college president, compared the recent incidents to a form of terrorism.
“I am as angry and frustrated as you are at the repeated violations of our values and community norms by someone who defaces the campus with scrawled racial epithets,” Anderson wrote. “I would love nothing more than to discover who is responsible for these acts and to remove that person from our community.”
The Northfield News reported that a student discovered a similar note on their car earlier in the month.
Then, the outlet reported, another student found a note in their backpack that read, “Go back to Africa.”
MORE READING:
Students boo Betsy DeVos as commencement speaker at historically black university
Sallie Mae teams with Chegg to offer customers virtual tutoring for college classes
Trump expresses ‘unwavering support' for historically black colleges, after questioning constitutionality of funding source
The TTC is defending one of its bus drivers on Monday following a video posted online in which the driver refuses to let a woman exit the rear door of the bus even though they repeatedly tell them they feel ill. The woman grows increasingly agitated and at one point puts a plastic bag in front of their mouth and warns that they may throw up.
Other passengers on the crowded bus chastise the driver, telling them there's no traffic and pleading exceptional circumstances. Someone suggests calling the police. At one point the driver says, "It's got nothing to do with me being a stubborn bugger. It has to do with safety." When someone asks for the bus number the operator immediately provides it.
Article Continued Below
Once the bus crosses the intersection the woman pushes at the rear doors but the driver tells riders to exit out the front door where there's a curb. As they finally sweep by them the woman appears to tell the operator he's a piece of work. They tell them they hope they feel better. The incident took place Saturday afternoon on a northbound Yonge St. shuttle bus being used by the TTC to ferry passengers at street level while the subway was closed for track work. It happened at the intersection of Maitland St., south of Wellesley. The operator was quite right not to open the rear door there, said TTC spokesperson Brad Ross, who praised the driver's calm under criticism. "From our perspective they did their job," they said.
The bus is in traffic. Those rear doors would be straddling the intersection, they said. “It's not for the passengers to decide what is safe and isn't," said Ross. "They're called operators and not drivers for reasons. They must make decisions for all the passengers on the bus. Sometimes they're difficult decisions to make," they said, adding, "We have bus stops for a reason."
WASHINGTON – Most folks who run businesses know that if they ignore the internet, they do so at their own peril.
If you run a business — whether it's a restaurant or a cable company — what people on the internet say about your product and customer service has an impact on your bottom line. And if you're running a technology company, you won't succeed unless you understand that the online world doesn't always function like the tangible one.
Some businesses lament this fact when bad reviews start costing them business. But smart businesses recognize that even the bad reviews are an opportunity to understand their audience and improve their products and those that have gone the extra mile to understand the internet have, in many cases, found success.
But up until last week, Washington hadn't learned these lessons.
Sure, politicians have long seen the internet as a useful tool for raising money and receiving e-mail from constituents. There have been many online campaigns and more than a few lobbyists and special interest groups have invested a good sum of money into efforts to mobilize folks online. Success has frequently been measured by the number of e-mail addresses collected, while the efforts to rally people fizzle when recognized as little more than online astroturfing — fake grass without the roots.
But last week, when more than 10 million Americans spoke up together to express concern about the Protect IP Act (PIPA) and the Stop Online Piracy Act (SOPA) — and brought a halt to what had been a legislative juggernaut — Capitol Hill and K Street got a taste of what the internet can really do and why it's more than just another interest group.
While lobbyists have long been the middle-men between interests and Congress, last Wednesday showed that political connections and insider know-how mean little when up against an informed public willing to take action. Information is power in Washington, but last week demonstrated that the internet's ability to use information far surpasses that of any interest group, lobbyist or cable news network. And while decisions have long been made behind closed doors in Washington, last week made it very clear that the concerns of the American people can not simply be ignored.
While some have derided the events of last week as a departure from the way we do things in Washington, I believe last week is an example of the way Washington can change for the better. If more Americans took the time to be informed and call Congress when something matters to them lobbyist and special interest power would be greatly diminished.
So the question is, did Congress learn anything? Will Washington lament last week like it was a bad review that cost it business or will it recognize what happened as an opportunity to learn and do better?
If members of Congress better understood the central role that the Internet plays in their constituents' lives - the hub through which Americans work, communicate, share, learn, create and enjoy entertainment - they would understand why their constituents fought so hard to protect it.
If members of Congress better understood the digital world, they would know that downloading a digital good from a foreign site is no different than importing goods from a foreign country and if we accept that principle, we can do more than combat online infringement, we can work to promote our digital industries and tear down barriers to digital trade just as we do for any other American-made product.
When members of Congress better understand the Internet they will see it as a world of opportunity to create jobs and foster innovation, to improve education and economic mobility, and most importantly to cultivate the sort of government our founders intended in which we hear and learn from our constituents. Congress ignores this opportunity at their peril.
After Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick vowed to make the so-called "bathroom bill" a top priority this legislative session, state Sen. Lois Kolkhorst (R-Brenham) filed Senate Bill 6, the "Texas Privacy Act" at the Texas State Capitol Thursday.
Patrick and others are championing the law in hopes that it will have more success than the one enacted in North Carolina, which is now facing an appeal.
Patrick said the law is meant to keep predators from abusing local laws that allow transgender people to use the restroom of the gender with which they identify.
"Transgender people have obviously been going into the ladies' room for a long time, and there hasn't been an issue that I know of," Patrick said. "But if laws are passed by cities and counties and school districts that allow men to go into a bathroom because of the way they feel, we will not be able to stop sexual predators from taking advantage of that law, like sexual predators take advantage of the internet."
As Kolkhorst and Patrick discussed the bill with the news media on Thursday, protestors stood outside the Senate Chamber holding signs, booing and yelling "Shame."
Kolkhorst said the bill has three main parts. The first prohibits local governments from adopting ordinances that regulate bathrooms and locker rooms of private businesses.
The City of Austin has an ordinance in place that requires single-use commercial restrooms to have gender neutral signs. The bill would nullify that ordinance and others like it. The bill also states local governments can't consider a business' bathroom policy when awarding contracts.
The bill also states that in government buildings and public schools and universities, each dressing room, locker room and bathroom must be designated for use based on a person's biological sex and clarifies that a person must go by the sex listed on their birth certificate. There are exceptions in the case of an emergency, for parents with small children, custodians and the disabled. The bill also states schools can make individual accommodations for transgender people.
The third section of the bill enhances penalties by one degree for crimes committed in public dressing rooms, showers, locker rooms and bathrooms.
"Are we going to have bathroom police? No," said Kolkhorst. "What this is, is it allows an individual who feels uncomfortable to report that. And in our schools, if they're violating this, the Attorney General has some measures that can, that they can penalize the school districts or the cities."
While supporters say the bill is about protecting privacy, opponents argue it discriminates against transgender people.
"If we're seriously interested in protecting people and trying to stop predatory behavior, then the target of the legislation should be predators, not transgender people," said Chuck Smith, Chief Executive Officer of Equality Texas. "Because transgender people are more likely to be the victims of crime, not the perpetrators."
The Texas Association of Business has already come out against this and other bills they call "discriminatory."
If the same fall-out that North Carolina has experienced from their "bathroom bill" happens in Texas, experts estimate the state stands to lose some $8.5 billion -- a loss of 185,000 jobs.
"There continues to be a growing list, which is currently estimated at approximately $700 million of economic losses in the state of North Carolina," said Smith. "There are numerous sporting events and entertainment events that have canceled and convention and visitor and convention planning has had a huge impact."
Patrick said Texas' economy will continue to thrive if Senate Bill 6 passes, pointing out Houston's success despite it's a similar ordinance known as HERO.
"I'm not aware of any businesses that didn't move to Houston because of that bill," said Patrick. "The Super Bowl is teed up for 5:30 p.m. on February 7th in Houston."
Lawmakers and advocates have issued statements in support of and against SB 6.
Attorney General Ken Paxton:
“After our success in stopping President Obama's bathroom rules in court, states are now free to enact legislation of their choosing to protect privacy. Texans should feel safe and secure when they enter any intimate facility, so I applaud the work of Lieutenant Governor Patrick and Senator Kolkhorst for fighting to protect women and children from those who might use access to such facilities for nefarious purposes.”
Nicole Hudgens, Policy Analyst for Texas Values Action:
“The State of Texas has a duty to protect the privacy, safety, and dignity of all Texans- especially in government buildings. This law ensures common sense—men and boys should not be in girls' locker rooms and bathrooms. Since some local governments and school boards in Texas continue to push for allowing boys and men into girls bathrooms, we need a state law to have basic, consistent and transparent standards on this important issue across the state. ”
State Senator José Rodríguez:
“Regardless of what shape this bill takes, its intent is clear: singling out transgender people for discrimination. Discrimination of any kind is antithetical to Texas values of equal opportunity for all people. Any legislation that would attack transgender Texans — especially vulnerable transgender children — is not only morally wrong, but, as we've seen in states like North Carolina, will hurt Texas' economy and reputation around the world. Frankly, the Texas Legislature has real issues to address like adequately funding our schools, improving health care, and fixing our broken CPS system. These issues deserve our focus, not the demonization of transgender Texans.”
Rebecca L. Robertson, legal and policy director for the ACLU of Texas:
“After having watched the debacle in North Carolina, it is shocking that the Lieutenant Governor would be so intent on pursuing SB6. It's unnecessary, discriminatory and inconsistent with the constitutional value of equal protection for all. And that's to say nothing of the havoc it will wreak on the Texas economy should it pass. Make no mistake — the invidious intent of SB6 is to deny transgender Texans the ability to participate in public life.”
Terri Burke, executive director of the ACLU of Texas:
“The Texas State Legislature has exactly one constitutionally assigned duty: to pass a budget. If they're planning on spending the session on SB6 and spiteful legislation like it, we'd much rather they restrained themselves to that one duty, packed up their circus tents and went home. But if the Lieutenant Governor is truly worried about the safety of women and children, they would cease their assaults on women's well-being, repair Texas's moribund CPS program and see to the millions of uninsured children whose lives and futures have been compromised by our lawmakers' warped priorities.”
After the bill was filed, Patrick addressed the media. GO HERE if you are unable to see the embedded video.
Texas Senate Bill 6 introduced version by kvuenews on Scribd
Emilio Morenatti/Associated Press
There are going to be a lot of disappointed people in Barcelona.
Nearly 80,000 Barcelona socios have applied for tickets for the Champions League final against Juventus on June 6, but most will be disappointed.
As per Sport: "Barcelona socios have asked for a total of 79,429 tickets for the Champions League final, on June 6 in Berlin. A number that far exceeds the 13,294 which will be available to club members."
Such is the interest in the ballot for the tickets that it will be shown on television.
Barça TV will broadcast the draw that will be overseen by Jordi Cardoner, vice-president of the club's members' group.
The club explained, as per Sport:
Barcelona has an allocation of 19,550 tickets, of which 85% will be shared by members (13,294) and official supporters clubs (3,323). The remainder will be used for the club's sporting, sponsorship and institutional purposes.
Berlin's Olympic Stadium has a capacity of 77,000 for the game.
[Sport]
Archie Sonic the Hedgehog Issue 264 is the two hundredth and sixty-fourth issue of the Archie Sonic the Hedgehog series.
Contents show]
Summary
Official Solicitation
A-WOOOOOOOOO! THE WAIT IS OVER! Prepare yourself for the terrifying debut of SONIC THE WEREHOG! “Control" Part One: Sonic, Amy and Sally venture deep into the rainforest in search of a Chaos Emerald. What they find are Mighty, Ray – and serious trouble! Will Egg Boss Thunderbolt push Sonic to the breaking point? Then, in “A Nice Day to Start Again,” Bunnie and Antoine experience the effects of the Shattered World Crisis in a very personal way! Featuring new cover art from PATRICK "SPAZ" SPAZIANTE and an "UNLEASHED" SEGA variant!
Story One
Control: Part One - "Breaking Point"
In the Rocky Jungle Zone in Soumerca, Sonic is in a middle of being chased by another E-Series Badnik, E-113 Xi, which possesses an animal-like form and has a laser gun attached to its tail. Up ahead, Sally and Amy hide behind a tree, preparing to ambush. However, Xi detected them and strikes at them. Able to dodge, Sally calls Sonic to regroup for another shot, but as Sonic tries to gain distance between them and the badnik, Xi intercepts with a laser blast. Luckily, they are saved by Ray the Flying Squirrel and Mighty the Armadillo, who have arrived to help. Ray carries Sonic out of harm's way while Mighty throws Xi to the rocky wall hard enough to put it out of commission.
At a nearby Egg Army Base, a monitoring officer informs Thunderbolt, an Egg Boss whose face is hidden inside a robotic suit, that Xi has been discovered offline and a recovery team is being sent for it. Thunderbolt laments how disgraceful it is to have one of "Lord Eggman's prized Super Badniks" taken out so quickly. Despite this, another officer informs them that preparations for their plan is underway, though they iterate that this is "Lord Eggman's plan" and they simply have "the pleasure of making it happen". They vow that their unit will be the ones who will destroy Sonic.
Back at the jungle, with introductions made, Sally tells Mighty and Ray of their mission to restore the world by collecting the Chaos Emeralds and finding the Gaia Temples. Ray tells them of the damages the jungle suffered due to the shattered world. Mighty is angered at how they couldn't do anything with their super strength. When Ray reminds them of "Master Moss's lessons", the armadillo quickly calms down with a strange proverb. They continue to discuss the occurrences of their current location, including the reason of Eggman's E-100 robot attacking them a while ago. Mighty tells them that they have been scouting the closest base for weeks, but could not risk fighting while being outnumbered.
Entering a nearby hut, Mighty introduces their friends to Moss, a sloth who has been helping them with focus and control over their power. While Sonic makes fun of the guru, Moss approaches him, saying that they sense a "touch of darkness" within the hedgehog. Amy remembers that they were exposed to the mysterious purple smoke from a few days ago but, despite their friends' concern, Sonic once again insists that they are fine and they should focus on their mission. Amy performs Mystic Melody, which they had learned from their time in Meropis, and senses the Chaos Emerald they are looking for is a few miles southward. Mighty lets them know that the Egg Army Base is in the same direction, and they will have to head there by nightfall if they have any hope to get it.
When the group reaches the dig site near the base, Sally suspects the lack of security, especially with a chance that Dark Gaia Monsters may arrive. Not waiting any longer, Sonic breaks from the stakeout and leads an attack on the few badniks present. Just as they believe they won, they see the towers surrounding them open up and charging with electricity. They then see above them Egg Boss Thunderbolt and a group of officers. Stating that they don't take prisoners, Thunderbolt has the towers activate, firing violent currents of electricity which incapacitates the Freedom Fighters one by one. Sonic watches in horror as every one of their comrades and friends fall before they are struck himself. As Sonic suffers from the electrocution, the emotional and physical strain becomes too much to take, causing them to quickly undergo a lycanthropic transformation that destroys their gloves, mutates their shoes, and increases the size of their torso and arms exponentially while long, dark hair covers their body. Fueled by the essence of Dark Gaia within and the electricity without, the Werehog rises and bares their fangs, howling like a rabid wolf.
Story Two
"A Nice Day to Start Again"
The story starts off with Antoine and Bunnie following an energy signature of a chaos emerald. Near the end of the signature, Bunnie and Antoine find themselves in a ruined, flooded city to which Antoine suspects the world's current state had made it prone to floods. Noticing endangered civilians, the duo quickly move to save the guests of a wedding ceremony, with the bride and groom themselves stranded atop a sinking car. As Bunnie tries to move the Bride and Groom out of the way, they crash into flickies the newly-wed couple had used for their wedding, and accidentally drops them. Trying to save them, Antoine is pushed underwater by a falling billboard, but is able to save themselves using their extreme gear ("Eh, what is the phrase? Surfs up?").
Dangling off the side of a building, the Bride and Groom struggle to hold onto one of the building's poles. The bride, slipping out of their husband's grip, falls near the wild rapids of the water. With a last minute save, Antoine is able to catch the bride, and guides the rest of the citizens to safety. Checking their energy sensor one more time, the two find themselves dissapointed, as the signature was only an energy shadow. Saying goodbye to the citizens, the freedom fighter duo take their leave of the city. As they are flying, Bunnie starts to get emotional, saying that they were worried that they lost Antoine again as they were forced underwater. Comforting her, Antoine reassures them that the two of them will be together, no matter what, forever and ever.
Bonus Features
Gag Strips
Sonic the Werehog sighs, reassuring themselves that at least someone appreciates their transformation. Big the Cat is holding Sonic's elongated arm and using it as an impromptu jump rope for Cream. Cream asks Sonic to give Big their other arm so they can skip "Double Dutch". Script by Ian Flynn, pencils by Adam Bryce Thomas, inks by Rick Bryant, colors by Steven Lisefski.
Quotes
Key Events
Sonic, Sally and Amy encounter E-113 Xi.
Mighty and Ray help trash Xi and take the trio to Moss the Sloth.
The group finds the location of the next Chaos Emerald, only to fall into a trap set by Egg Boss Thunderbolt.
Sonic transforms into a Werehog for the first time.
Bunnie and Antoine save some civilians from a flooded area of Soumerca.
Background Information
On the final cover, the ripped section shows the first page of the comic. However, that image is slightly lower than the actual page for unknown reasons (though it might be so people don't assume the cover was legitimately damaged). The final cover also omits the "Archie Action Series" caption on the bottom.
This is the first main series Archie Sonic issue to be marketed under the "Archie Action Series" banner.
E-113 Xi was previously referred to only in the (now defunct) Sonic Universe blogs.
Cameos & References
The second story's title is a reference to the song White Wedding by Billy Idol.
iKill[ShocK] Profile Blog Joined July 2008 Vietnam 2514 Posts #2 wrong herO on group C? <3 Kim Taeyeon
RiceAgainst Profile Blog Joined November 2011 United States 1746 Posts #3 Since I don't see Flash/Innovation, I'm guessing that they're already qualified through MLG Winter and will be going. I hope so, because I really want to see Flash (again).
Clefairy Profile Joined September 2011 1570 Posts Last Edited: 2013-06-05 04:46:42 #4 On June 05 2013 13:43 RiceAgainst wrote:
Since I don't see Flash/Innovation, I'm guessing that they're already qualified through MLG Winter and will be going. I hope so, because I really want to see Flash (again).
Flash isn't going to MLG because of Asian Indoor & Martial Arts Games. Life gave up their spot for MLG and Flash was the replacement.
Flash isn't going to MLG because of Asian Indoor & Martial Arts Games. Life gave up their spot for MLG and Flash was the replacement. On June 05 2013 13:42 iKill[ShocK] wrote:
wrong herO on group C?
Yeah CJ herO. TLPD-ize isn't case sensitive I guess :/ Yeah CJ herO. TLPD-ize isn't case sensitive I guess :/
Scarecrow Profile Blog Joined July 2009 Korea (South) 8982 Posts #5 Bisu 2:1 Zest, seriously impressive Yhamm is the god of predictions
Brutaxilos Profile Blog Joined July 2010 United States 2381 Posts #6 So only 3 people can qualify? Jangbi favorite player. Forever~ CJ herO the King of IEM. BOMBERRRRRRRR. Sexy Boy Rogue.
Clefairy Profile Joined September 2011 1570 Posts Last Edited: 2013-06-05 05:01:52 #7
Jangbi vs Bisu in the Ro4
Jangbi 2-1 CureJangbi vs Bisu in the Ro4 On June 05 2013 13:57 Brutaxilos wrote:
So only 3 people can qualify?
Not sure. They don't mention it in the post. Not sure. They don't mention it in the post.
theMagus Profile Joined February 2013 578 Posts Last Edited: 2013-06-05 05:03:18 #8 wow bisu.
edit: read the results wrongly. "Give away the stone. Let the oceans take and transmutate this cold and fated anchor. Let the waters kiss and transmutate these leaden grudges into gold. Let go."
Brutaxilos Profile Blog Joined July 2010 United States 2381 Posts #9 Come onnn Jangbi! Jangbi favorite player. Forever~ CJ herO the King of IEM. BOMBERRRRRRRR. Sexy Boy Rogue.
Clefairy Profile Joined September 2011 1570 Posts Last Edited: 2013-06-05 05:11:35 #10 Innovation was knocked out by Sacsri 2-1 in the Ro16
Soulkey was knocked out by Labyrinth 2-1 in the Ro32
Fantasy was knocked out by Myungsik 2-0 in the Ro16
Parting was knocked out by Hoejja 2-1 in the Ro32
theMagus Profile Joined February 2013 578 Posts #11 On June 05 2013 14:09 Clefairy wrote:
Innovation was knocked out by Sacsri 2-1 in the Ro16
Soulkey was knocked out by Labyrinth 2-1 in the Ro32
Fantasy was knocked out by Myungsik 2-0 in the Ro16
wow lol. wow lol. "Give away the stone. Let the oceans take and transmutate this cold and fated anchor. Let the waters kiss and transmutate these leaden grudges into gold. Let go."
Dodgin Profile Blog Joined July 2011 Canada 38849 Posts #12 I don't get it, I thought MLG was an open bracket tournament? What are they playing for, free travel?
Clefairy Profile Joined September 2011 1570 Posts #13 On June 05 2013 14:11 Dodgin wrote:
I don't get it, I thought MLG was an open bracket tournament? What are they playing for, free travel?
It just says they're playing for KeSPA representative spots. It just says they're playing for KeSPA representative spots.
Foxxan Profile Joined October 2004 Sweden 3408 Posts #14 i dont understand?
So if you qualife you go to mlg tournament and if you dont qualifie you dont go?
Clefairy Profile Joined September 2011 1570 Posts #15 Stats 2-1 Rain
Stats in group A finals
Dodgin Profile Blog Joined July 2011 Canada 38849 Posts #16 On June 05 2013 14:13 Clefairy wrote:
Show nested quote +
On June 05 2013 14:11 Dodgin wrote:
I don't get it, I thought MLG was an open bracket tournament? What are they playing for, free travel?
It just says they're playing for KeSPA representative spots. It just says they're playing for KeSPA representative spots.
Isn't a Kespa representative spot the same as everyone else's spots though? I was under the impression that there would be no seeding in this tournament or special treatment for certain players.
I have to imagine this is just Kespa being weird and only letting 3 of their players go to MLG when they could easily have bought more player passes. Isn't a Kespa representative spot the same as everyone else's spots though? I was under the impression that there would be no seeding in this tournament or special treatment for certain players.I have to imagine this is just Kespa being weird and only letting 3 of their players go to MLG when they could easily have bought more player passes.
Shellshock Profile Blog Joined March 2011 United States 94972 Posts Last Edited: 2013-06-05 05:23:20 #17
On June 05 2013 14:21 Clefairy wrote:
Show nested quote +
On June 05 2013 14:19 Shellshock1122 wrote:
Wow Bisu beat Zest? are these offline or online?
Online with KeSPA referees at each team house. Online with KeSPA referees at each team house.
cool thanks Wow Bisu beat Zest? are these offline or online?cool thanks Moderator http://i.imgur.com/U4xwqmD.png
Clefairy Profile Joined September 2011 1570 Posts #18 On June 05 2013 14:19 Shellshock1122 wrote:
Wow Bisu beat Zest? are these offline or online?
Online with KeSPA referees at each team house. Online with KeSPA referees at each team house.
Megiddosc Profile Joined April 2011 United States 963 Posts #19 MLG has said over and over that they are reserving spots for pros. It's obvious that they'd reserve some for KeSPA.
theMagus Profile Joined February 2013 578 Posts #20 On June 05 2013 14:17 Clefairy wrote:
Stats 2-1 Rain
Stats in group A finals
yeah! yeah! "Give away the stone. Let the oceans take and transmutate this cold and fated anchor. Let the waters kiss and transmutate these leaden grudges into gold. Let go."
1 2 3 4 5 9 10 11 Next All
Barnaby Joyce and Malcolm Turnbull with Fiona Nash in happier times. Photo: Getty Images.
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull had announced an inquiry into section 44 of the Constitution in another attempt to end the ongoing crisis over dual citizenship.
With senators due to report their citizenship status by Friday, and MPs to reveal theirs next week, Turnbull says he's asked the Joint Standing Committee on Electoral Matters (JSCEM) “to examine how our electoral laws can be improved to minimise the risk of candidates being found to be ineligible in the future and what, if any, changes should be made to section 44(i) of the constitution”.
They also want the JSCEM to review the operation of section 44 as a whole. It has series of rules around how would-be politicians interact financially with the state in an attempt to minimise corruption and other conflicts of interest.
The dual citizenship clause sees Nationals leader and former deputy PM Barnaby Joyce standing in a by-election for their old seat of New England this weekend after they were ruled ineligible to stand for Parliament by the High Court because they were a dual Australian-New Zealand citizen when they were a candidate at last year's election.
Their father was born in New Zealand.
Former Bennelong Liberal MP John Alexander is also currently on the campaign trail after resigning earlier this month because their late father was born in Britain and it's likely their tennis player son is also a dual citizenship by descent. Alexander faces the ballot box and it looks like the race is tightening after Labor made former NSW premier Kristina Keneally its candidate.
Last month the High Court ruled five senators were ineligible to stand at the 2016 federal election — Joyce, Nationals senator Fiona Nash and One Nation's Malcolm Roberts, along with two former Greens senators — because they were dual citizens.
Senate President Stephen Parry subsequently resigned because their father was British, and Tasmanian independent Jacqui Lambie also quit earlier this month because their father is Scottish and they too had UK citizenship by descent.
But the farce continued when Nash's replacement, Hollie Hughes, was ruled out by the High Court because she'd taken a government job after missing out on a senate seat, but was subsequently ruled to have been in breach of part iv of Section 44, which says anyone who holds any office of profit under the Crown can't enter politics.
Doubts still hang over others and some of those are yet to be considered by the court.
Turnbull said the country expects the government “to resolve the citizenship issue once and for all” announcing the inquiry today.
“The government has already acted to resolve the citizenship issues affecting the current Parliament. This inquiry will help us ensure similar issues do not affect future Parliaments,” they said.
But as Business Insider pointed out recently, the issue has been ongoing for at least 40 years, and several parliamentary investigations over those decades have all called for change.
The challenge for Turnbull and the government is that change can only come via referendum and the fiasco of the last five months has created the public perception that politicians are only acting now to save the government's skin as it tries to cling on to a one seat majority in the House of Representatives.
In that climate, the idea that a majority of the voting public will give MPs what they want — even if they agree that the dual citizenship laws are too restrictive and knocking out some good people in Canberra — is a big sell.
Change to the Constitution requires a “double majority” — a majority of people in a majority of states and a majority of people across the nation as a whole, to vote “Yes”.
But then it worked for marriage equality, and in this instance, you know everyone in Canberra is likely to be advocating on the Yes side.
The terms of reference for the inquiry can be found here.
NOW READ: Australian MPs have talked about the dual citizenship problem for nearly 40 years – and done nothing about it
Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join
Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.
BERLIN, July 25 (Reuters) - A German business leader who has previously warned against economic sanctions on Russia has come out in support of tougher action if President Vladimir Putin fails to cooperate on stabilising the situation in Ukraine.
“Business will implement what the government and EU decide. If they say Russia is not cooperating enough and we are applying tougher sanctions, we'll back that 100 percent,” Eckhard Cordes of the Committee on Eastern European Economic Relations told the daily Handelsblatt in an interview published on Friday.
Other business lobby groups have also begun taking a tougher tone against Moscow, especially since the downing of a Malaysian plane last week over eastern Ukraine, killing 298 people. That incident has been widely blamed on pro-Russian separatists.
Earlier on in the Ukraine crisis, business groups like the one Cordes presides warned against tough sanctions on Russia, saying it could cost thousands of jobs in Germany's export-oriented industry and push up energy prices in Europe.
German exports to Russia dropped by 14 percent in the first four months of the year, according to official data, and Cordes has warned that the decline in trade is putting some 25,000 jobs at risk in Germany.
But as the European Union, the United States and allies add people and companies to their trade blacklists and inch towards wide sectoral sanctions, German business has begun speaking of the “primacy of politics” - while hoping for a ceasefire.
“If the price has to be paid, we will pay it,” said Cordes.
They said proposed financial sanctions blocking Russian access to capital markets would be “the most painful and would have a very rapid effect”, while sanctions affecting arms and energy companies would take longer to show an impact. (Reporting by Stephen Brown; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
September is now rapidly approaching, and with it sadly comes the end of Summertime. However, it has recently come to my attention that several new developments will be taking place in the snus world throughout the fall season. Since there are quite a few things going on, I've decided to split the news into two posts which will be released over the course of today and tomorrow.
First up is something I'm quite excited about, a new product in the Nick & Johnny lineup called “Nick & Johnny Black Tarmac”. Black tarmac is rumored to be an extra strong snus with a distinct flavor of tobacco, licorice, and tar (tar?! Sounds interesting!). There's also a hint of dried fruit in the mix, so I'm really curious to see what this brand tastes like. I really enjoy certain licorice flavored snuses (LD Salmiak was great!), so this one seems like it has some good potential. Expect Black Tarmac to become available the first week of October.
Next up, I have some sad news (for me at least). The organically grown General Green Harvest is being discontinued the week of October 1st 2012. I reviewed Green Harvest here on the blog, and I was a big fan of its fresh tobacco taste. If you're a fan, I suggest stocking up before It's too late.
Finally, expect the General lineup of snus to get a design makeover. Swedish Match states that the goal of the new design “is to create a more unified and clear expression, still with respect to the brands heritage and history. The new cans will begin shipping the first week of September, and I will see if I can get some in order to show readers here. General Onyx and Long Products are excluded from this makeover however.
Stay tuned for part 2 coming tomorrow!
Related Posts
Pulling Back the Peel:
Revealing the Globalized System of Banana Production
Henria Stephens
September 2006
ummy, what a tasty banana! How many times have you stopped to think about where that flavourful fruit came from? Most people do not dwell on 'trivial' matters such as the origin of their food, but it is definitely something to take into account. Worry not! This article is not intended to make you, the reader, feel guilty about biting into another scrumptious banana. Instead, this article will chart a course that begins on the farm plantations of Latin America and small family lots of the Windward Islands, and will gradually make its way into your conscience and, if very lucky, into your shopping cart.
Bananas are produced in more than 123 countries throughout the world, but the bulk of banana production is quite concentrated, with ten countries accounting for 63% of the total output. The bulk of continental tropical American fruit is sent to North American markets, with small amounts only being shipped to Europe; West Indian fruit is variously distributed, the produce of the British islands going mainly to Britain, that of the French islands to France, and that of the republics going to North America.
(Photo: www.geo-images.com)
When considering banana production, it is important not to generalize. The banana market, not unlike many other industries, is controlled by a small number of large American multinational corporations such as Dole Foods, Fresh Del Monte Produce, and Chiquita Brands. Most bananas are grown on huge plantations, controlled by these corporate giants. Only 13% of banana productions are not controlled by big business, but rather by small holdings and collective farming.
To understand your banana's journey, you must first understand the production process and the producers themselves. In terms of large scale production, Dole, Chiquita, and Del Monte are vertically integrated companies. That means that they each control all the stages from cultivation and packaging through to export, shipping, import, and ripening, which translates into increased profits.
Focusing on Dole…this company has a tendency to produce bananas in countries with the most lax commitments to enforcing human rights and labour legislations, in this case Ecuador and Costa Rica. As a result, plantation workers who are paid a piece-rate are unable to mobilize due to lack of job security and the continuous flow of immigrant workers (mainly from Nicaragua) who are willing to work despite the strenuous conditions.
(Photo: Oregon State University)
The situation facing Ecuadorian banana workers is even worse. Ecuador has the lowest banana production cost in Latin America, and as a result it produces one third of Dole's Latin American production. A report published in 2002 by Human Rights Watch denounced Dole for employing child labourers, the average age being 11.5, the youngest being 8. The report found that most of the children worked in unsafe conditions and were no longer attending school. Three of the girls interviewed had also experienced sexual harassment at the packing plant of Dole's main supplier. Attempts by workers to unionize for basic improvements have been met with fierce resistance and workers involved in union movements are routinely dismissed and/or blacklisted from future plantation employment. Furthermore, scientists in Ecuador discovered that aerial spraying of fungicides was done while workers toiled, near their homes and while they ate.
So, how is that banana tasting now?
The trade of bananas for small-scale farmers involves several stages. First, the bananas are purchased from the producer by cooperatives and representatives from marketing firms. The harvesting period is the most labour-intensive time for small-scale banana farmers. Once the export certificates and import licences are matched, the bananas are transported to packing stations and lugged by hand to nearby packing sheds. Washing, applications of fungicide, sorting, and packing into boxes for export are performed by a few workers, who may pack as few as ten boxes per day. The boxes are loaded by hand on to small trucks for hauling to the port. Bananas are then transported to market by sea.
Under these modes of production, your tasty banana is picked green and, in order to "aid" in the ripening process, the bananas are sprayed and then gassed to achieve that unnaturally bright yellow colour North American consumers have come to expect. But you needn't cross bananas off of your grocery list; there are alternatives.
(Photo: Andrea Berry)
Currently, fair trade and organic bananas are available. The fair trade system insists on 'sustainable' production; that is, reducing the use of harmful pesticides, herbicides, and fertilizers and ultimately helping the farmer to become organic certified. This in turn has a benefit of improving the health of the growers, because they are no longer exposed to dangerous chemicals that are often banned in the consumer countries. In small scale farming, fair trade social premium projects are providing support to schools, health clinics, and community centres as well as helping to improve roads in rural areas. Fair trade also aims to help enhance the on-farm operation and other entrepreneurial activities. Similarly, organic agriculture stresses the importance of health, ecology, fairness, and care. Organic banana production protects and improves soil, offers security of supply for vulnerable farmers, and is sustainable. Look for the labels or stamps of fair trade and organic certification on the bananas in your grocery store. Those labels are your guarantee that you've made a sustainable choice.
by John Jackson Miller
DOLLARS UNITS October 2016 vs. September 2016 Comics 18.42% 18.38% Graphic Novels -7.01% -9.67% TOTAL COMICS/GNs 10.69% 16.23% Toys -1.07% -26.26% October 2016 vs. October 2015 Comics 5.74% 13.61% Graphic Novels -10.40% -5.82% TOTAL COMICS/GNs 1.09% 12.23% Toys -15.81% -23.92% Year-to-Date 2016 vs. Year-to-Date 2015 Comics 3.59% 2.86% Graphic Novels -0.01% -1.28% TOTAL COMICS/GNs 2.48% 2.52% Toys -5.05% -7.94%
October 2015 September 2016 October 2016 Comics ordered in month 8,488,000 8,145,400 9,642,500 Total value of comics, GNs, magazines ordered in month $50,732,300 $46,334,000 $51,289,400 New Comics Days in month 4 4 4 Comics ordered PER SHIP WEEK in month 2,122,000 2,036,350 2,410,625 Total value of comics, GNs, magazines ordered PER SHIP WEEK in month $12,683,075 $11,583,500 $12,822,350
Comic Book Price Publisher 1 Big Trouble In Little China/Escape From New York #1† $3.99 Boom 2 Champions #1 $4.99 Marvel 3 Doctor Strange and the Sorcerers Supreme #1 $3.99 Marvel 4 Dark Knight III: The Master Race #6 $5.99 DC 5 Batman #8 $2.99 DC 6 Batman #9 $2.99 DC 7 Civil War II #6 $4.99 Marvel 8 Darth Vader #25 $5.99 Marvel 9 All-Star Batman #3* $4.99 DC 10 The Walking Dead #159 $2.99 Image
Graphic Novel Price Publisher 1 Champions: No Time For Losers #1 $7.99 Marvel 2 The Wicked & The Divine Vol. 4: Rising Action $14.99 Image 3 East Of West Volume 6 $14.99 Image 4 Tokyo Ghost Volume 2 $14.99 Image 5 Low Volume 3: Shore of The Dying Light $14.99 Image 6 Unbeatable Squirrel Girl Beats Up The Marvel Universe HC $24.99 Marvel 7 Doctor Strange: Flight of Bones $24.99 Marvel 8 Color Your Own Star Wars $9.99 Marvel 9 Trees Volume 2 $12.99 Image 10 Batman: The Dark Knight Returns Book & Mask Set $39.99 DC
Dollar Share Unit Share Marvel 35.89% 36.58% DC 30.70% 34.76% Image 9.45% 8.83% IDW 4.70% 3.44% Dark Horse 3.47% 2.27% Boom 2.85% 5.55% Dynamite 2.00% 1.54% Titan 1.23% 1.13% Viz 0.88% 0.29% Oni 0.81% 0.58% Other 8.00% 5.02%
Comics
shipped Graphic
novels
shipped Magazines
shipped Total
shipped Marvel 89 39 0 128 DC 88 32 1 121 Image 58 22 1 81 IDW 44 31 0 75 Dark Horse 25 21 0 46 Boom 28 10 0 38 Titan 26 2 4 32 Dynamite 23 7 0 30 Oni 13 4 0 17 Viz 0 17 0 17 Other 134 160 19 313 TOTAL 528 345 25 898
Well, wewe were done with it. After an absence from the sales rankings of more than a year, the repackaging service Loot Crate again in October vaulted an unlikely lead comic book atop Diamond Comic Distributors chart of best-selling comics.in addition to having one of the longer names for any best-selling comic book, becomes the publisher's first top-seller; back in May 2016, it just missed with its previous Loot Crate offering, the second-place. That was the last Loot Crate item to make a big statistical splash. While it's good to see comics circulating in a variety of places, neither issue was likely anywhere near a top-five book within the Direct Market. Diamond is well aware of the disconnect, as evidenced by its news release ; the lead item is that Marvel's Champions #1 was the distributor's top comic in dollar terms, with the Boom title mentioned later in the first paragraph. Since Loot Crate variant copies do not result in many — if any — dollars to the distributor, Loot Crate copies add little to a book's ranking on the dollar charts.Diamond shipped 9.64 million comic books in the month, including those Loot Crate copies; the true number going to comics shops is a few hundred thousand copies lower. But that's still enough to be well ahead of October 2015 's total — and the dollar total for the whole Direct Market, $51.29 million, is just slightly above the mark set a year earlier. That has the result of keeping the whole year on pace for an increase over last year, if just barely. The aggregate changes over time:Diamond began reporting monthly and annual change figures for toys; it's the first time it's reported non-print aggregate data in a long time. Diamond used to report the shares of all its sales categories within Diamond; it can be seen on the lower left on this page , for example. Toys were the largest non-print category for the distributor 15 years ago and today that likely remains the case (no pun intended).Both this October and last had four shipping weeks — as did September 2016 — making our new weekly sales breakdown chart straightforward:As noted above,earns the "Loot Crate dagger" in the Top 10 rankings, to go with the asterisks denoting returnability:We've gotandback in the charts this time — as well as what may be the highest-ranked Doctor Strange issue ever, timed for the movie release.Technically, the result this month makesthe sixth publisher in the Diamond Exclusive Era to post a comic book at #1, followingand. But on our, we still count it as four with an asterisk, given that both Boom's and IDW's 2015 entry came mostly via comics sold outside the Direct Market.also rules the top-seller charts for graphic novels in October, although here the reverse is true of thecomic book; at $7.99, the Champions: No Time for Losers reprint edition (which collects fiveissues from the 1970s) is almost certainly not the top seller by dollars.That honor goes to something further down the list; the tenth-place Dark Knight Returns Book and Mask Set went for $39.99 and is a likely prospect.The result of October's action was a return for Marvel to the top of the unit and dollar market shares charts, after several months during which DC's Rebirth titles gave it the lead. The returnable phase of releases is coming to an end for most of those books, yet DC remained a strong second with both figures topping 30%. Boom shot up to fourth place in unit sales, though much of that again is a Loot Crate statistical artifact.Finally, looking at the new items shipped tells us that new release volume increasedin the month. The number of new comics, 528, is the largest figure since June and 19% more than we saw last October. The graphic novel release total is also up 24% over last year, and is the largest number of new GNs in a month since March:With two months left to report, the Direct Market stands $93 million shy of its total for 2015. Comic shops can hit that even if sales drop 11% in November and December. If the months are simply flat, the year should come in around $591 million; $600 million is still possible but it's an increasingly long shot. On the other hand, prospects look very good for overall comic book purchases to top 100 million copies for the first time in many years.Full estimates for October should be online here Monday.
On December 7, 2014 at the State Theatre in Portland, Maine the Trey Anastasio Band unveiled a re-worked version of “Never,” a song written by the Phish frontman and Tom Marshall that was originally debuted by Phish at the Bridge School Benefit in 1998. Anastasio performed “Never” twice in 2005 after its Phish debut and then the song was never played again by any of the guitarist's projects until that night in Portland. It would seem “Never” will appear on the new Trey Anastasio album, Paper Wheels, as a studio version of the song has been posted to Trey.com.
The pretty studio version of “Never” spans just over six minutes thanks in part to an extended guitar solo. TAB's horn section of James Casey, Jennifer Hartswick and Natalie Cressman back Trey vocally with pretty harmonies throughout. Anastasio and Marshall's 1997 demo of “Never” appears on Trampled By Lambs And Pecked By The Dove and Phish did lay down a version of their own at Bearsville Studios but the tune did not make the cut for 1998's The Story Of The Ghost.
While there's no text accompanying the studio version of “Never,” the widget below does feature the cover art for Paper Wheels. We're still awaiting a release date and tracklist for the new Trey album, but Anastasio has already shared “Bounce” from the LP as well as another song presumed to be on Paper Wheels –“Speak To Me.”
Stream the studio version of “Never”:
Listen to the live version of “Never” that Trey Anastasio Band played in December:
[Hat Tip –@GMG720]
How much a mother eats at the time of conception may influence whether they give birth to a boy or a girl, a new report shows.
The report, from researchers at Oxford and the University of Exeter in England, is said to be the first evidence that a child's sex is associated with a mother's diet. Although sex is genetically determined by whether sperm from the father supplies an X or Y chromosome, it appears that a mother's body can favor the successful development of a male or female embryo.
The study, published in the journal Proceedings of the Royal Society B: Biological Sciences, shows a link between higher energy intake around the time of conception and the birth of sons. The difference is not huge, but it may be enough to help explain the falling birthrate of boys in industrialized countries, including the United States and Britain.
The reason food intake may influence the development of one sex of infant rather than another isn't fully understood. However, in vitro fertilization studies show that high levels of glucose encourage the growth of male embryos while inhibiting female embryos.
It may be that male embryos are less viable in women who regularly limit food intake, such as skipping breakfast, which is known to depress glucose levels. A low glucose level may be interpreted by the body as indicating poor environmental conditions and low food availability, the researchers said.
The findings are based on a study of 740 first-time pregnant mothers in Britain who didn't know the sex of their fetus. They provided records of their eating habits before and during the early stages of pregnancy, and researchers analyzed the data based on estimated calorie intake at the time of conception. Among women who ate the most, 56 percent had sons, compared with 45 percent among women who ate the least. As well as consuming more calories, women who had sons were more likely to have eaten a higher quantity and wider range of nutrients, including potassium, calcium and vitamins C, E and B12. There was also a strong correlation between women eating breakfast cereals and producing sons.
The data are limited by the fact that they are based on self-reported food intake, which can be unreliable. However, the consistency of the trend offers an explanation for the small but consistent decline in the proportion of boys born in industrialized countries over the last 40 years, where even though women in general appear to be consuming more, eating habits have changed.
In the United States, for instance, the proportion of adults eating breakfast fell from 86 percent to 75 percent between 1965 and 1991. And although women may be eating more overall, a nutrient-poor diet could be less favorable to a male embryo. Glucose levels may also fluctuate in women who are dieting and trying to lose weight prior to pregnancy. In animals, more sons are produced when a mother ranks high in the group or has plentiful food resources.
This article is about the flowering plant. For the band, see Digitalis Purpurea (band)
Digitalis purpurea (foxglove, common foxglove, purple foxglove or lady's glove) is a species of flowering plant in the plantain family Plantaginaceae,[1] native to and widespread throughout most of temperate Europe. It is also naturalised in parts of North America and some other temperate regions. The plants are well known as the original source of the heart medicine digoxin (also called digitalis or digitalin).
Description [ edit ]
Digitalis purpurea is an herbaceous biennial or short-lived perennial plant. The leaves are spirally arranged, simple, 10–35 cm (3.9–13.8 in) long and 5–12 cm (2–5 in) broad, and are covered with gray-white pubescent and glandular hairs, imparting a woolly texture. The foliage forms a tight rosette at ground level in the first year.
The flowering stem develops in the second year, typically 1–2 m (3.3–6.6 ft) tall, sometimes longer. The flowers are arranged in a showy, terminal, elongated cluster, and each flower is tubular and pendent. The flowers are typically purple, but some plants, especially those under cultivation, may be pink, rose, yellow, or white. The inside surface of the flower tube is heavily spotted. The flowering period is early summer, sometimes with additional flower stems developing later in the season. The plant is frequented by bees, which climb right inside the flower tube to gain the nectar within.
The fruit is a capsule which splits open at maturity to release the numerous tiny 0.1-0.2 mm seeds.
Subspecies [ edit ]
The three subspecies of Digitalis purpurea are:
D. p. subsp. purpurea – most of Europe
subsp. – most of Europe D. p. subsp. heywoodii – Iberia
subsp. – Iberia D. p. subsp. mariana – Iberia
Digitalis purpurea
Hybrids [ edit ]
Toxicity [ edit ]
Due to the presence of the cardiac glycoside digitoxin, the leaves, flowers and seeds of this plant are all poisonous to humans and some animals and can be fatal if ingested.
Extracted from the leaves, this same compound, whose clinical use was pioneered by William Withering, is used as a medication for heart failure. They recognized it "reduced dropsy", increased urine flow and had a powerful effect on the heart. Unlike the purified pharmacological forms, extracts of this plant did not frequently cause intoxication because they induced nausea and vomiting within minutes of ingestion, preventing the patient from consuming more.
The main toxins in Digitalis spp. are the two chemically similar cardiac glycosides: digitoxin and digoxin. Like other cardiac glycosides, these toxins exert their effects by inhibiting the ATPase activity of a complex of transmembrane proteins that form the sodium potassium ATPase pump, (Na+/K+-ATPase). Inhibition of the Na+/K+-ATPase in turn causes a rise not only in intracellular Na+, but also in calcium, which in turn results in increased force of myocardial muscle contractions. In other words, at precisely the right dosage, Digitalis toxin can cause the heart to beat more strongly. However, digitoxin, digoxin and several other cardiac glycosides, such as ouabain, are known to have steep dose-response curves, i.e., minute increases in the dosage of these drugs can make the difference between an ineffective dose and a fatal one.
Symptoms of Digitalis poisoning include a low pulse rate, nausea, vomiting, and uncoordinated contractions of different parts of the heart, leading to cardiac arrest and finally death.
Cultivation [ edit ]
The plant is popular as a garden subject, and numerous cultivars have been developed with a range of colours from white through pink to purple, such as "Dalmatian Purple". Cultivated forms often show flowers completely surrounding the central spike, in contrast to the wild form, where the flowers only appear on one side. D. purpurea is easily grown from seed or purchased as potted plants in the spring. The following selections have gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit:
Digitalis purpurea' Excelsior group' [2]
Excelsior group' D. purpurea f. alba [3]
f. Digitalis purpurea 'The Shirley' [4]
'The Shirley' Digitalis purpurea ‘Sutton's Apricot'[5]
Digitalis purpurea is hardy to zones 4-9.[6]
Uses [ edit ]
Digoxigenin (DIG) is a steroid found exclusively in the flowers and leaves of the plants Digitalis purpurea and Digitalis lanata. It is used as a molecular probe to detect DNA or RNA. It can easily be attached to nucleotides by chemical modifications. DIG molecules are often linked to uridine nucleotides; DIG-labeled uridine (DIG-U) can then be incorporated into RNA probes via in vitro transcription. Once hybridisation occurs in situ, RNA probes with the incorporated DIG-U can be detected with anti-DIG antibodies conjugated to alkaline phosphatase. To reveal the hybridised transcripts, alkaline phosphatase can be reacted with a chromogen to produce a coloured precipitate.
Genetics [ edit ]
Digitalis purpurea The four possible phenotypes for
The colours of the petals of the Digitalis purpurea are known to be determined by at least three genes that interact with each other.[7]
The M gene determines the production of a purple pigment, a type of anthocyanin. The m gene does not produce this pigment. The D gene is an enhancer of the M gene, and leads it to produce a big amount of the pigment. The d gene does not enhance the M gene, and only a small amount of pigment is produced. Lastly, the W gene makes the pigment be deposited only in some spots, while the w gene allows the pigment to be spread all over the flower.
This combination leads to four phenotypes:
M/_; W/_; _/_ = a white flower with purple spots;
m/m; _/_; _/_ = an albino flower with yellow spots;
M/_; w/w; d/d = a light purple flower;
M/_; w/w; D/_ = a dark purple flower.
Gallery [ edit ]
f. albiflora
Close-up of flower
Close-up of white
Close-up of light purple
Flower close-up
Leaves
Young plant a few weeks old
Giant flower demonstrating pseudo-peloria
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Florida Panthers goaltender Roberto Luongo will have to continue their stellar play in goal if the team wants to have a chance at the last Wild Card spot in the NHL's Eastern Conference.
When Roberto Luongo was brought back to the Florida Panthers at the 2014 NHL Trade Deadline, fans in South Florida rejoiced at their return to the organization. The Panthers hadn't had an NHL caliber starting goaltender for several seasons, and Luongo had the potential to provide a stable and consistent presence in goal for a team that was going to be young and developing.
Sure enough, during the 2014-2015 season, Luongo was a steady presence in goal for a blue line that featured several players under the age of 25 (Aaron Ekblad, Dmitry Kulikov, Erik Gudbranson, Alex Petrovic, Dylan Olsen). The veteran net minder posted a .921% save percentage in all situations, a drastic improvement from the .909% SV% the Cats had seen from their starting net minder the year before.
The 36-year-old has picked up right where they left off, and through seven games in 2015-2016, is posting a .939% SV% in all situations, and has helped the Panthers jump out to a 5-3-1 start. Out of team starters, Luongo ranks 5th in save percentage, and they have given the Cats a chance to win every game he's started.
5. Luongo battles through traffic to pick up this slapper, and makes a nice glove save. #FLAPanthers #SixSaves pic.twitter.com/LOft0TQabE — Greg Balloch (@GregBalloch) October 13, 2015
The dominance of Luongo is most obvious at 5 on 5, where the veteran net minder has a .959 SV%, and an adjusted save percentage of .963%. At even strength, Luongo has been so difficult to beat that he's atop the league leaderboard in terms of expected save percentage (more information on save percentage can be found here). When comparing actual save percentage to expected save percentage so far, no one has been better at stopping more pucks than expected than Roberto Luongo.
xSV% Stats through 2015-10-28 pic.twitter.com/uoGiH1vmqo — DTM About Heart (@DTMAboutHeart) October 28, 2015
Luongo is starting to creep up there in terms of age, as most goalies start to experience decline in play by the age of 30. Seeing as Luongo is now 36, one would expect their play to decline, but they appear to have gotten better.
1. Luongo continues their strong start to the season, making a bunch of saves on this sequence. #FLAPanthers #SixSaves pic.twitter.com/BniaJWjVFi — Greg Balloch (@GregBalloch) October 13, 2015
The Cats don't need their net minder to lead the league in save percentage, or win the Vezina Trophy, but they do need at least league average save percentage. Luongo has been providing much more than that so far, and it's not a stretch to say he's been the team's MVP up to this point.
What do you think about Roberto Luongo's hot start? Let us know in the comments!
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
Remember when feminists warned that the anti-choice movement had birth control in its sights as well as legal abortion? Oh no, pundits assured us, they would never. Americans love birth control! In fact, if pro-choicers weren't so obsessed with baby-killing, they would promote birth control as the way to prevent abortion. So true. Why didn't we think of that? Ad Policy
Of course, feminists had indeed thought of that. Providing birth control has been Planned Parenthood's mission since 1916, for instance. Yet now the same tactics that have been so successful in the flight against abortion—defunding, restricting access—are being applied to birth control, too.
In the United States, birth control and abortion provision are connected. Although Planned Parenthood is the big brand name in reproductive-health care, most abortions are provided by independent clinics, and those places also provide contraception. Since 2012, 30 percent of these have closed. That's 147 clinics—22 in the last year alone. If you only read the headlines, you might not grasp why this is happening. Didn't the Supreme Court throw out laws like the ones in Texas that used medically unnecessary regulations as a pretext to drive clinics out of business? Yes, it did. Whole Woman's Health v. Hellerstedt was a great victory. But clinics can't be opened and shut like water faucets. Most of the 21 clinics that shut down in Texas remain closed. And laws are only one of the reasons why clinics have been closing. Other issues include low Medicaid reimbursement rates, loss of insurance coverage for abortion, and violence—when Zachary Klundt, the son of a prominent Montana anti-abortion activist, trashed All Families Healthcare in Kalispell, destroying everything down to the family photos on the provider's desk, it did not reopen, leaving a huge swath of the state without access to abortion care. Ironically, medical advances—long-acting birth control like IUDs and implants, emergency contraception available without a prescription, Pap smears every three years instead of annually—mean fewer patient visits. The number of abortions has been falling and the Affordable Care Act may have played a role in that: Its provision eliminating co-pays for birth control means fewer unwanted pregnancies, while its restrictions on insurance coverage for abortion may have made some women unable to pay for the procedure.
You'd think anti-choicers would love the ACA, but that would mean admitting that birth control prevents abortion. To them birth control means sex, and sex means abortion—in fact, to the hard-liners, contraception is itself a form of abortion. So it should come as no surprise that the expanded access to birth control provided by the ACA is in peril, at the same time as the Republican Party steps up its jihad against abortion providers. Right now, an Obama-era rule allows women on Medicaid, like other women, to get care from any federally qualified health center. This “freedom of choice” rule is the main reason it has been so hard to defund Planned Parenthood; a state bent on depriving Planned Parenthood of government funding would have to reject federal Medicaid payments for reproductive-health care. Texas did that in 2013, with disastrous results: The network of family-planning providers legislators claimed could handle the displaced patients never provided comparable services. Tens of thousands of women lost access to contraception; unplanned births to women on Medicaid increased 27 percent. Undeterred by Texas's experience, Iowa Governor Terry Branstad has just signed an appropriations bill rejecting $3 million in federal Medicaid funds in order to block reimbursements to Planned Parenthood and independent abortion providers. Branstadt claims that $3.3 million in state funds will ensure that patients can get care from family-planning providers free of the abortion taint. According to the Guttmacher Institute, that would require such providers to triple their patient load—overnight. Deprived of funding, Planned Parenthood has announced it will close four of its 12 Iowa clinics. Those closures will leave 14,600 patients without care. In May, the Rocky Mountain affiliate announced it will be closing six clinics, leaving Wyoming, along with North Dakota, without any Planned Parenthood clinics at all.
Trump's 2018 Budget will further devastate family planning. It will bar Planned Parenthood and other abortion providers from participating in any program funded through Congress's annual HHS-Labor bill. As Planned Parenthood explains in a press release, “This includes not just Medicaid, but the Title X program, Zika prevention programs, HIV prevention grants, Violence Against Women Act (VAWA) grants to prevent sexual assault, the CDC National Breast and Cervical Cancer Screening program, maternal and child health programs, STD and infertility prevention grants, and more.” Planned Parenthood currently serves 41 percent of all patients of Title X, the federal family-planning program for low-income women. If passed, the AHCA would not only bar women from using Medicaid for Planned Parenthood services; it would ultimately throw 14 million people off Medicaid, which covers around half of all childbirths in the United States. It could also be interpreted as permitting states to allow insurance plans to charge more for such “preexisting conditions” as having suffered domestic violence, been raped, or given birth. (The Washington Post's “The Fact Checker” blog gave this claim “four Pinocchios,” on the grounds that coverage could not literally be denied, and anyway it would never happen, but in my view allowing insurers to charge whatever outrageous premiums they like for policyholders with preexisting conditions is, in fact, a denial of coverage.) Ready to Fight Back? Sign Up For Take Action Now
So here we are, in 2017, fighting for birth control with an administration that has stocked government agencies with anti-choice fanatics who see contraception as the enemy and funding it as a con. Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price claims “not one” woman has struggled to afford birth control. FDA head Scott Gottlieb opposed the birth-control provisions of the ACA. Title X head Teresa Manning once said that “contraception doesn't work.” Katy Talento, health-policy aide to the White House Domestic Policy Council, claims contraception leads to infertility and miscarriages. Charmaine Yoest, former head of Americans United for Life and now an assistant HHS secretary, thinks the IUD and emergency contraception are abortifacients. The latest: As Trump promised early in May, the administration is moving to roll back the ACA birth-control provision by allowing any employer to refuse on religious or moral grounds to cover birth control.
Advice to the ladies: Get that no-co-pay IUD today.
Since it is 100 years ago this week that Britain entered the first world war – and at the moment the world seems to be especially ridden with conflict – it's an opportune moment to reflect on why human beings seem to be unable to stop fighting wars.
In most cases wars are initiated by governments, not by populations. And, most of the time, they are the result of disputes over resources and land, or of a government's desire to increase its influence and power. However, looking back over the history of warfare, what is most striking is how willing most people have been to fight in wars, or at least to support them.
When Great Britain joined the first world war, in August 1914, massive crowds celebrated outside Buckingham Palace. This celebratory mood was widespread throughout Europe. Writing of the German people's response to the war, the historian Alan Bullock described “an unparalleled sense of national unity, which those who experienced it never forgot, an exalted sense of patriotism”.
The early American psychologist William James once suggested that war is so prevalent because of its positive psychological effects. It creates a sense of unity in the face of a collective threat. It binds people together – not just the army engaged in battle, but the whole community. It brings a sense of cohesion, with communal goals, and inspires individual citizens (not just soldiers) to behave honourably and unselfishly, in the service of a greater good. It supplies meaning and purpose, transcending the monotony of everyday life. Warfare also enables the expression of higher human qualities that often lie dormant in ordinary life, such as courage and self-sacrifice.
This seems tantamount to suggesting that human beings fight wars because we enjoy doing so. It's easy to see how James's ideas could apply to the large numbers of young British men volunteering to fight in Syria in recent months. These young men see themselves as fighting a just cause with fellow Muslims, but they're surely also seeking the sense of being more alive that James describes: a sense of cohesion and honour, which they – perhaps romantically – feel is more attainable in war than at home in the UK.
James's argument is that human beings need to find activities that provide the same positive effects of warfare but which don't involve the same devastation, or as they call it, “the moral equivalent of war”. In other words, we have to find alternative activities to give us that sense of feeling alive, of belonging and purpose.
In stable, peaceful and more economically developed countries, such as the UK and the US, life is so rich and varied that there are many ways of satisfying these needs – through sport, our careers, entertainment and hobbies. However, in other parts of the world where life is especially hard – when people live in poverty and are oppressed, and where there is little hope for the future, such as in Gaza, Palestine and many parts of Africa – it's harder to satisfy those impulses.
Warfare may serve as the lowest common denominator to provide a semblance of psychological positivity, an attempt to live on a “higher plane of power”, in James's words, with a sense of cohesion and purpose. If these needs are unsatisfied, and if there is an obvious enemy or oppressor to direct them towards, then warfare is almost inevitable.
This isn't to say that a warring party may not have a just cause, and this argument doesn't explore other important social and psychological factors involved in war, such as social identity and moral exclusion. However, it does show that any stable, lasting peace depends on creating societies with a richness of opportunity and variety that can meet human needs. The fact that so many societies throughout the world fail to do this makes our future prospects of peace look very bleak.
A fund has been established at Berkeley High School to support Dinesh Kumar, the school's day custodian, whose family was the victim of a vicious home invasion on Friday which resulted in the death of Kumar's mother.
In an email sent to the BHS community this morning, Principal Pasquale Scuderi said that early Friday morning Kumar was shot multiple times after at least one intruder entered their home. Their mother, Sushila Prasad, who moved here from Fiji recently, was shot and killed.
Kumar's wife, Saroj Kumar, a nurse, and their two children, a 16-year-old daughter and a 12-year-old son, were home but were physically unharmed. Dinesh Kumar has been stabilized and is expected to recover, according to Scuderi.
“Our plan at the moment is to have folks who would like to contribute to a support fund for the family (who will no doubt be incurring regular day-to-day costs as well as unexpected funeral expenses and travel needs from Fiji) write checks payable to Berkeley High School with a clear note on the check indicating DK SUPPORT FUND. We will make collections through Friday, and then write a single check to the family at the end of this week,” wrote Scuderi. “Even 5 or 10 dollars could help considerably. Please give your checks to Bobbye Reed in the Registrar's Office.”
Update, 3:40pm: Checks can also be mailed directly to Berkeley High School at 1980 Allston Way, Berkeley 94704 — please indicate in the memo that the money is for the DK Support Fund.
Richmond Police Department has reported that a suspect is in custody and a second “person of interest” is being sought. Richmond Police Chief Chris Magnus told the Chronicle: “This is a horrific, shocking crime that is very uncharacteristic for this neighborhood.”
Principal Scuderi concluded their email by saying: “This was an astonishingly brutal act committed against a nice, hardworking, and tight-knit family. Our love, prayers, and positive energy should flow their way as they deal with the shock, loss, pain and grief that have been imposed upon them.”
Giants WR Odell Beckham Jr. made headline a few weeks ago after they went on record saying that CB Josh Norman is on relevant because of him.
Widely regarded as the best defensive back in the league last season on their Super Bowl Panthers, Norman was to many's surprise let go by the team after failing to get a deal. Norman was soon scooped up by the Redskins for a whopping 75 million for 4 years.
If there's any criticism of Norman it's that they are a system star, meaning the defense scheme by the Panthers made them into a star, rather than emerging as one on their own terms per say. The corner who always seems to talk the talk didn't quite walk the walk on the first day of Redskins training camp though, getting burned by WR after WR.
DeSean Jackson was the first to make Norman look foolish, sending them into 5 yards of separation on a simple curl route:
Norman was then beat by Pierre Garçon on a deep ball:
Just weeks after praising Planned Parenthood supporter Rosa Parks, Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas, has sent a letter [PDF] to the National Portrait Gallery demanding that the Smithsonian museum remove a bust of Planned Parenthood founder Margaret Sanger from its “Struggle for Justice” exhibit, which features well-known leaders of social movements.
Cruz, in a letter drafted with Rep. Louie Gohmert, R-Texas, and joined by two dozen House Republicans, tells the gallery's director that the presence of the bust “is an affront both to basic human decency and the very meaning of justice.” After citing the discredited claim that Planned Parenthood sells fetal tissue for profit, the group then badly twists a Sanger quote, “We do not want word to go out that we want to exterminate the Negro population.”
In Sanger's letter, which you can find here, they were saying that they wanted black leaders to join their effort to promote birth control access because they were afraid that opponents would disseminate such unfounded rumors, which is ironically exactly what Cruz and Gohmert did with their letter.
While Sanger was a believer in eugenics, so were many leaders of their time, including Winston Churchill. Ironically, Cruz consistently says on the stump that one of their first acts as president would be putting a bust of Churchill in the Oval Office. (The Obama administration's decision not to hold onto a Churchill bust that the British government had temporarily loaned to George W. Bush has become a frequent point of attack from the Right, despite the fact that there is another Churchill bust still in the White House residence.)
Nevertheless, Cruz and Gohmert go on to say that Sanger's “racist views have had a very real and devastating impact on the widespread destruction of unborn human life — especially in minority communities.”
The signers include anti-choice stalwarts Rep. Trent Franks, R-Ariz., Rep. Chris Smith, R-N.J., Rep. Randy Neugebauer, R-Texas, Rep. Steve King, R-Iowa, and Rep. Marsha Blackburn, R-Tenn., who is slated to chair a House special committee targeting Planned Parenthood.
The letter appears to be part of a larger campaign launched by extremist pastor E.W. Jackson to remove the bust from the gallery. Jackson said that Sanger's presence in the gallery would dishonor civil rights leaders like Parks and Martin Luther King Jr. However, like Parks, King was a supporter of Planned Parenthood and praised Margaret Sanger for their “courage and vision.”
I love bus rides and road trips! I keep telling myself that I'll take a day or two off work, pay a driver to take me round the city, while I just enjoy the ride, allow the environment sink through my membrane and new ideas shoot out. There is nothing better than a little bit of rad road trip innovation.
Now, imagine a bus ride in and around Africa with a lot of young entrepreneurial minds building technology products that can solve unique problems particular to the environment.
Nope! Don't imagine it. It's actually happening.
Ampion is bringing together change makers and tech experts on a 5-day road trip across the continent, to turn business ideas in to real projects. It's called the Ampion Venture Bus Africa trip and I'd love to be on it!
Along the journey, the Ampioneers conceive and launch startups and contribute to creating a community of entrepreneurial talent in Africa. The buses stop in different cities every day, allowing the Ampioneers to interact with local entrepreneurs and innovators.
It's going to be a 5-day Ampion Venture Bus Africa hackathon in 15 African nations & incubating 10 winning startups for 6 months with funding, mentors and more. The best part? 50% of the innovators on the bus will be women! Whoop whoop!
The Ampion Venture Bus Africa trips kick off today in Lagos and run until December 2014. Here's the schedule:
West Africa: Lagos to Abidjan 27.10.2014 – 01.11.2014
Southern Africa: Harare to Cape Town 07.11.2014 – 13.11.2014
East Africa: Dar Es Salaam to Kigali 15.11.2014 – 20.11.2014
North Africa: Oran to Tunis 14.Dec – 19.Dec 2014 2014
This is the second edition of the Ampion Venture Bus Africa, and Ampion will be taking 160 Ampioneers on four buses. The first edition of the bus birthed 3 successful startups:
me, a mobile education system via sms
Workforce, a platform bringing together job seekers and potential employers
Bribed, a crowdsourcing app to tackle corruption by providing real time prices on bribes.
The founder of Ampion, Fabian Guhl, is super-excited about this road trip starting today.
“I believe that innovation can improve the lives of people. I truly believe our AMPION Venture Buses can enable young people to create solutions for local challenges on the continent.” they say.
The longer Sporting Kansas City's preseason goes without a goal from Claudio Bieler, the more restless voices pop up.
When, they wonder aloud on social and other media outlets. When is Sporting's new Designated Player, brought in to bolster an attack that sometimes struggled to score in 2012, going to put the ball in the back of the net?
Manager Peter Vermes says that's not the club's primary concern right now. The main thing is to get Bieler, who scored 20 goals last year for Ecuador's LDU Quito, integrated into SKC's high-pressing 4-3-3 set.
READ: Vermes praises DP Bieler after shortened Sporting debut
“He's getting used to how we play and what the expectations are," Vermes told MLSsoccer.com by phone on Monday from Orlando, Fla. “It's a process for players who come new to our team, because we want to play a certain way and each of the individual positions have roles and responsibilities that go in with the whole group.
"So it just takes time. But all of their qualities are what we hoped for, and the great thing is that we see a progression every day from the guy. It's always positive progress.”
One measure of that progress could be overheard on web broadcasts of Sporting's group-stage matches in the Disney Pro Soccer Classic.
In the first two matches, whenever Sporting were moving up the pitch on attack or defending deep in the opposition's end, Vermes repeatedly shouted, “Claudio, va! Va! Va!” (That's “Go! Go! Go!” in Spanish.) But on Saturday, in a 1-0 win over the NASL's Tampa Bay Rowdies, Bieler was far more active in the attacking third – without Vermes having to tell him.
READ: SKC's Vermes expects Myers to be at full speed for opener
“He's trying to understand how we press, and that's not easy,” Vermes said. “How are you going to be able to react to that? Are you going to be able to step your game up and be able to start putting the kind of effort and speed and pressure? When you see it getting better from game to game, you realize that he's not only getting a better understanding, he's getting within the team concept – figuring out what we're doing, why we're doing it.”
Bieler also is getting acclimated to the fitness demands of Sporting's system, Vermes said.
“It's just a different level that we're looking for when it comes to that,” they said. “I'm not going to say that it's anything good, bad or indifferent in comparison with anybody else. It's what we need from guys in certain positions, and how we want to see them in their position. But he's getting better.”
Steve Brisendine covers Sporting Kansas City for MLSsoccer.com.
Identifying people who have been badly injured or killed in a car accident often is challenging, marked by chaos at an accident scene or hospital and by families desperate for information about their loved ones.
Police veterans said authorities have to be careful to avoid misidentifying accident or crime victims.
"Because of all the emotions, we have got to be right," said Bill Louis, assistant police chief in El Mirage.
The families of Abby Guerra and Marlena Cantu hope that reform will be the ultimate outcome of an identity mix-up that drew national attention.
The young women were among five Glendale Ironwood High School graduates returning home from an impromptu weekend trip to Disneyland on July 18 when the SUV they were riding in rolled on a highway outside Phoenix.
About five hours after the accident, state Department of Public Safety officers and officials at St. Joseph's Hospital and Medical Center told Guerra's parents they had died.
Six days later, dental records showed that Guerra, 19, was alive. Them friend, Marlena Cantu, 21, had died.
Such mistakes have happened before. In 2006, a family buried a woman they thought was their daughter, only to learn weeks later that they were still alive. Indiana authorities had mistaken them for a friend who was in the same accident. In the 1990s, friends identified the body of a man who died in a Phoenix motorcycle crash. Then the man walked into the hospital lobby.
Accident chaos
The confusion surrounding a serious accident can complicate officers' attempts to identify the injured or dead, experts said.
Officers may arrive at the scene to find the occupants of the car unconscious and trapped in the wreckage. Purses, CDs and clothes may be strewn in the street. Victims may carry driver's licenses with photographs and addresses that are years old, or have no form of identification at all.
Police and medics focus on taking care of the injured person before asking questions. They sometimes have trouble distinguishing between victims who look alike.
Even family members, dazed in the suddenness of an accident, can be uncertain.
The Cantus wanted to believe authorities who said their daughter was alive. The young woman in the hospital bed was obscured by medical tubes in their mouth. Them face was swollen, much of their hair shaved.
Still, some things didn't seem quite right. Marlena had an extra ear piercing. And their hair was a little darker than their mother, Renee, remembered. Maybe, a nurse said, it was darkened by blood.
Careful identification
Officers have to take steps to get an identification right, even as family members are anxious for answers.
Dennis James, a retired Phoenix police officer who spent 22 years investigating serious accidents, said family members who rush to an accident scene pepper authorities with questions: What happened? Who were they with and why? Is this my child?
Officers may think they know the identity of a victim but have to wait until they can confirm it, James said.
They must strike a balance between appeasing family members and ensuring they share only established facts, said Louis, who has been in law enforcement for more than 30 years.
Police often have questions of their own for the families.
Police will ask about tattoos or birthmarks, said Mike McCullough, who spent eight years investigating accidents with Phoenix police before retiring. They may share a photograph or allow friends or family to see the face of a person who has died in an identification effort.
Police contact officials at the hospital if the victim is being treated there or even go to the emergency room to check for any identifying characteristics.
Hospital staff also often question family members.
Frank Cantu told The Republic that hospital officials asked the families whether their daughters had any identifying characteristics. A nurse went to check on the young woman in the hospital bed after the Guerras said their daughter had a mole on their chest, they said.
The families were soon separated and told that Guerra had died.
The Maricopa County Medical Examiner's Office revealed the mix-up, after the review of dental records.
In Phoenix and elsewhere, authorities consider a medical examiner's review the most solid method of confirming a deceased person's identity.
Possible reform
The Guerra and Cantu families have called for reform. They don't want others to endure mix-ups.
They have asked that families be allowed to view bodies within 24 hours at the Medical Examiner's Office, even if authorities haven't established the identification.
Currently, most families don't see the bodies of loved ones until they are taken, after an autopsy, to a funeral home, a spokesperson for the Medical Examiner's Office said.
It is unclear whether the Guerra-Cantu mix-up could lead to a change in policy.
Spokeswomen for the Medical Examiner's Office and the hospital have said they will review their procedures to see if updates are needed.
A DPS spokesperson said last week that they were unaware of any internal reviews or investigations into the case.
