China's military is developing electromagnetic pulse weapons that Beijing plans to use against U.S. aircraft carriers in any future conflict over Taiwan, according to an intelligence report made public on Thursday.
Portions of a National Ground Intelligence Center study on the lethal effects of electromagnetic pulse (EMP) and high-powered microwave (HPM) weapons revealed that the arms are part of China's so-called “assassin's mace” arsenal - weapons that allow a technologically inferior China to defeat U.S. military forces.
EMP weapons mimic the gamma-ray pulse caused by a nuclear blast that knocks out all electronics, including computers and automobiles, over wide areas. The phenomenon was discovered in 1962 after an aboveground nuclear test in the Pacific disabled electronics in Hawaii.
The declassified intelligence report, obtained by the private National Security Archive, provides details on China's EMP weapons and plans for their use. Annual Pentagon reports on China's military in the past made only passing references to the arms.
“For use against Taiwan, China could detonate at a much lower altitude (30 to 40 kilometers) … to confine the EMP effects to Taiwan and its immediate vicinity and minimize damage to electronics on the mainland,” the report said.
The report, produced in 2005 and once labeled “secret,” stated that Chinese military writings have discussed building low-yield EMP warheads, but “it is not known whether [the Chinese] have actually done so.”
The report said that in addition to EMP weapons, “any low-yield strategic nuclear warhead (or tactical nuclear warheads) could be used with similar effects.”
“The DF-21 medium-range ballistic missile has been mentioned as a platform for the EMP attack against Taiwan,” the report said.
According to the report, China's electronic weapons are part of what are called “trump card” or “assassin's mace” weapons that “are based on new technology that has been developed in high secrecy.”
“Trump card would be applicable if the Chinese have developed new low-yield, possibly enhanced, EMP warheads, while assassin's mace would apply if older warheads are employed,” the report said.
According to the report, China conducted EMP tests on mice, rats, rabbits, dogs and monkeys that produced eye, brain, bone marrow and other organ injuries. It stated that “it is clear the real purpose of the Chinese medical experiments is to learn the potential human effects of exposure to powerful EMP and [high-powered microwave] radiation.”
The tests did not appear designed for “anti-personnel [radio frequency] weapons” because of the limited amounts of radiation used.
However, the report said another explanation is that the Chinese tests may have been research “intended primarily for torturing prisoners,” or the tests may have been conducted to determine safety or shielding standards for military personnel or weapons.
The medical research also appeared useful for China's military in making sure that EMP weapons used against Taiwan and “any vulnerable U.S. [aircraft carrier] would not push the U.S. across the nuclear-response threshold,” the report said.
“China's [high-altitude] EMP capability could be used in two different ways: as a surprise measure after China's initial strike against Taiwan and other U.S. [aircraft carrier strike group] assets have moved into a vulnerable position, and as a bluff intended to dissuade the United States from defending Taiwan with a CVBG,” the Pentagon acronym for carrier strike groups.
The bluff scenario would include China's announcement of a resumption of atmospheric nuclear testing and warn of tests during a specified period and then attacking Taiwan's infrastructure with conventional forces.
China then would wait and see whether the U.S. carriers were deployed to defend Taiwan.
The report concluded that China could consider using EMP weapons against Taiwan's electronic infrastructure or against U.S. carriers if a conflict breaks out in the Taiwan Strait.
“The minimization of military casualties on CVBG assets is calculated to lessen the likelihood of a U.S. nuclear response to a Taiwan strike employing nuclear EMP,” the report said. “The minimization of casualties on Taiwan is calculated to lessen the animosity among Taiwan's population over forced reunification.”
Taiwan broke with mainland China after nationalist forces fled to the island when communists seized power in 1949.
The United States is bound by a 1979 law to prevent the forcible reunification of the island with the mainland, and China has said it is prepared to use force to claim the island.
Peter Pry, a former congressional aide who helped direct a commission on EMP several years ago, said the commission found that China plans for nuclear EMP strikes against the United States, as well as Taiwan and carrier forces, are part of its military doctrine and exercises.
“There is also evidence that China is developing, or has already developed, super-EMP nuclear weapons that generate extraordinarily powerful EMP fields, based partly on design information stolen from the United States,” Mr. Pry, president of the group EMPact America, said in an email.
Mark Stokes, a former Pentagon specialist on China's military, said the report's details on high-powered microwave are new.
The same state-run institute, the China Academy of Engineering Physics, that makes China's nuclear warheads is also a center of microwave weapons research, they said.
Microwave weapons would be used to shut down enemy radar, communications, computers and other electronics in an opening salvo. The weapons also could jam electronics of attacking aircraft and anti-radiation missiles, and as an anti-satellite weapon, degrade sensitive satellite electronic systems, they said.
Richard Fisher, a China military analyst, said EMP warheads are likely to be an option for China's new DF-21D anti-ship ballistic missile for the purpose of attacking large U.S. Navy ships without inflicting immediate massive casualties.
“Less is known about the longer-term effects on personnel of this kind of radiation attack,” said Mr. Fisher, who is with the International Assessment and Strategy Center. “The more powerful nuclear-propelled neutron bomb was designed specifically for killing personnel without a massive blast.”
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
The news that radio host Mary Lucia of The Current was taking a leave of absence after being harassed by a stalker brought back unpleasant memories for other local women in the media.
“I completely sympathize,” said Laura Billings Coleman, a St. Paul freelance writer who had a stalker experience when they were a columnist for the Pioneer Press.
Over a three-year period in the early 2000s, they received a series of phone messages, including a threat to burn down their house, from a man they didn't know. They got a restraining order and the caller finally “faded away,” but the ordeal left its mark. “It was a very troubling experience,” they said. “It can really get into your head.”
KARE meteorologist Belinda Jensen endured a similar scenario early in their career in the late 1990s, when a man they didn't know began leaving voice mails and sending letters.
“He started showing up places they knew I'd be,” they recalled. Unsettled, they got a restraining order, but the man still appeared at a live show they were doing in Northfield. “It was strange and alarming,” they said. “I was pretty freaked out.”
The man, who had a mental illness, was arrested and later committed suicide. “I feel horrible that this person didn't get help,” they said. “That's the sad part.”
Unwelcome attention is an occupational hazard for women in the media, according to Jensen and Billings Coleman. “It comes with the territory,” Jensen said. “Now, with social media, it's easier for people to find us. ... If you call any female at KARE, they'll have a story.”
Such unknown stalkers are less likely to commit violence than stalkers who target former romantic partners, but the experience is still frightening, according to Kristine Kienlen, a Minneapolis forensic psychologist who consults with organizations on threat assessment.
“Stalking victims go through a lot. It's a traumatic event, and there can be intense fear,” Kienlen said. They haven't seen statistics as to how many victims go so far as to take a leave of absence from their jobs, as Lucia did. “But sometimes people have a lot of disruption, even moving out of state when legal intervention is not enough” to escape the harassment.
People in high-profile jobs, such as entertainers and media figures, can become targets for people with “maladaptive” behavior who don't recognize social cues, according to Kienlen. “They might have some kind of grudge because they didn't like something the person said.
Or the stalking can represent deep mental illness.
“There's a delusional disorder where people think they have a special relationship with a public figure,” they said.
The key to threat assessment is to determine the stalker's motivation, according to Kienlen. People who are being harassed at work are advised to report it to their company, especially if the threatening behavior is escalating.
For women in the media, determining when a nuisance is a threat can be complicated.
“My phone rang all the time,” said Billings Coleman, recalling the critical, insulting and pornographic messages they often received after writing a controversial column. “A lot of it was really abusive. It wears you out and makes it hard to be your authentic self. It's the downside of being female in the public eye.”
Berit the polar bear licks a squidsicle – pieces of squid frozen into a heart shape – one of the Valentine's Day treats given to animals at the zoo. (Photo11: Enquirer file/Patrick Reddy)
CINCINNATI — Cincinnati Zoo visitors were temporarily kept indoors Wednesday afternoon after two polar bears breached a containment area.
The two bears — Little One and Berit — escaped through an open pen door, according to zoo officials.
The zoo, which had previously reported that one polar bear breached the containment area, has a double-containment system in place that prevented the bears from entering spectator areas.
Necessary protocols were followed and no injuries to the bears, zookeepers or visitors resulted, said zoo director Thane Maynard in a news release.
"The bears entered an inappropriate area but did not leave the building and the public was never at risk,” Maynard said.
Spokeswoman Michelle Curley said Berit, the zoo's female polar bear, breached a behind-the-scenes containment area at around 11:30 a.m. but was never actually loose in the zoo.
The zoo resumed normal operations around 1:30 p.m. The bears were resting in their den Wednesday afternoon and could be back on exhibit by Friday, according to a news release from the zoo.
Wednesday was Ethan Baugher's first time at the zoo with their family. They drove more than an hour from Columbus, Ind., to visit the park with their wife, mother-in-law, 8-year-old-niece, 4-year-old son, and 3-year-old nephew.
They were just up the hill from the polar bear exhibit when zoo officials told guests to get indoors. Baugher was initially curious and "a bit annoyed" that officials didn't immediately reveal why they were telling guests to stay indoors but said the incident did not significantly upset or scare their family.
"This kind of stuff happens," Baugher said. "They were maybe a little over-cautious, which is certainly better than not being cautious enough."
Visitors were told to either remain indoors or leave the park after the polar bear breach. Some, including Baugher, waited outside the gates to be allowed back inside. Zoo officials announced the park was reopened and the polar bears were contained around 1:40 p.m.
Gallery: Berit the polar bear
Brooke Ann Johnson, of Brookville, Ind., left the zoo after they and their family were kept inside a conference room. They came to the zoo with their sister and two nephews, ages 1 and 2.
Johnson said their family wasn't scared during the incident and that zoo staff handed out coloring books to the children.
"I believe [the workers] did a good job of handling it," Johnson said. "The workers were very calm when they heard about the escape."
Berit and their twin brother, Ulaq, came to Cincinnati in 2000 from the Denver Zoo, according to Enquirer archives. Their arrival was shortly after the Cincinnati Zoo unveiled its $2.75 million polar bear exhibit, featuring a 7-foot wide, 12-foot high glass front.
The glass viewing panels give visitors a "nose-to-nose" experience with the polar bears.
Ulaq died suddenly in October 2002.
This isn't the first time the Cincinnati Zoo has encountered a problem with its polar bears. In 1990, a zoo worker lost their arm after a male polar bear named Icee attacked them as they attempted to feed him. The worker, Laurie Stober, was awarded $3.5 million after they filed a lawsuit against the zoo.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1puuJ9W
Bachelor 2016 Ben Higgins and their Season 20 winner Lauren Bushnell are not getting married, the couple has reportedly cancelled their wedding just five months after the Bachelor finale. Ben Higgins and Lauren Bushnell seemed to have the perfect relationship – until the final episodes of the reality show aired on ABC and Bushnell saw Ben profess their love to Jojo Fletcher and they realized they barely got an engagement ring.
Ever since then…it's been down hill for the couple.
According to Life & Style Magazine, Lauren Bushnell is miserable living in Denver, Colorado with Bachelor Ben – and they have called off the wedding. The season 20 winner reportedly gave Ben an ultimatum – move to Los Angeles with her, or kiss their future goodbye. Since getting down on one knee, Ben has begun to doubt their feelings for Bushnell, so it's unlikely that they will relocate just to save their relationship.
An inside source dished to Life & Style Magazine, “Lauren has been complaining to friends about how unhappy they are and how they have no purpose in Denver. They can't see themselves living there permanently so Lauren has called off the wedding until Ben agrees to move to LA!”
The insider went on to say that Ben Higgins has encouraged Lauren to look for a job and plant roots in Denver – but Bushnell is not willing to budge. Instead they would rather “sit around the house every day” which is a huge turn off for the former Bachelor.
In Lauren's defense, Denver is a big change from sunny Los Angeles. But, they did swear up and down during the show that they wanted to start a life with Ben and did not care where. So, if they aren't actually ready to move to Denver, they should have stepped aside and let another woman have their chance who was serious about moving to Colorado.
Now that the wedding has been called off, do you think there is any hope for Ben and Lauren? Let us know what you think in the comments below!
#tbt to the day we got engaged and got to FaceTime our sweet parents to tell them the news! A photo posted by Lauren Bushnell (@lauren_bushnell) on May 4, 2016 at 9:25pm PDT
CLOSE The former member of congress from New York could face prison time for transmitting sexual material to a minor, a federal offense. Wochit
Former Democratic member of congress Anthony Weiner exits federal court in Manhattan after pleading guilty in sexting case on May 19, 2017. (Photo11: Eduardo Munoz Alvarez, Getty Images)
Former Congressman Anthony Weiner, tearfully acknowledging a "sickness" and "destructive impulses," pleaded guilty Friday to federal charges of transmitting sexual material to a minor and could face a prison term.
Their estranged wife, Huma Abedin, the one-time close aide to Hillary Clinton, filed for divorce the same day. The divorce action, labeled "anonymous versus anonymous," was filed in Manhattan Supreme Court, the Associated Press reported.
The 52-year-old Democratic politician from New York, who resigned from Congress in 2011 over an earlier sexting scandal, will also have to register as a sex offender.
Weiner appeared before a federal judge in a Manhattan and agreed not to appeal any sentence between 21 and 27 months in prison. They were released on bail pending a final sentencing hearing in September.
In court, Weiner cried as they apologized to the teenager with whom they exchanged sexually explicit texts.
"I accept full responsibility for my conduct," they said. "I have a sickness, but I do not have an excuse. I apologize to everyone I have hurt. I apologize to the teenage girl, whom I mistreated so badly. I am committed to making amends to all those I have harmed."
They told the court that this fall they "came to grips for the first time with the depths of my sickness."
"I had hit bottom," Weiner said. "I entered intensive treatment, found the courage to take a moral inventory of my defects, and began a program of recovery and mental health treatment that I continue to follow every day."
The former member of congress told the judge that "these destructive impulses brought great devastation to family and friends, and destroyed my life's dream of public service. And yet I remained in denial even as the world around me fell apart."
Acting Manhattan U.S. Attorney Joon H. Kim, speaking afterward to reporters, said Weiner's conduct "was not only reprehensible, but a federal crime, one for which they are now convicted and will be sentenced."
According to the charges, prosecutors said, Weiner used online messaging and video chat apps to communicate with a girl "he knew to be 15 years old."
Prosecutors said they "transferred obscene material to the minor victim, including directions to engage in sexual conduct and sexually explicit images."
The FBI began investigating Weiner in September after a 15-year-old North Carolina girl told DailyMail.com that they and Weiner exchanged lewd messages for several months. They also accused them of asking them to undress on camera.
The charge carries a potential sentence of up to 10 years in prison, but could involve no jail time depending on the determination of a judge.
The incident spilled over into the presidential race when investigators seized Weiner's laptop and found a cache of purportedly new emails that Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton sent to Abedin. The emails had apparently been forwarded to the computer or transferred there for printing or storage.
The incident prompted then-FBI director James Comey to state publicly — in the final weeks of the presidential campaign — that the closed investigation into Clinton's alleged mishandling of classified material was being reopened. They later said the emails were duplicates of earlier material already examined by the FBI.
Weiner ran unsuccessfully for mayor of New York in 2013 in a campaign that collapsed when Weiner, using the alias "Carlos Danger," again was found to be sending explicit photographs. The failed mayoral bid is the subject of the documentary Weiner.
Contributing: Associated Press
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2rzf4Xp
Fayaz Wani By
Express News Service
SRINAGAR: The National Investigation Agency (NIA) in its ongoing probe into the militancy and separatist funding in Jammu and Kashmir on Tuesday arrested two alleged stone pelters including a photo journalist.
NIA spokesperson said the sleuths of the agency arrested two notorious ‘stone pelters' today.
They identified the arrested persons as Javed Ahmad Bhat from south Kashmir's Kulgam district and Kamran Yousuf from Pulwama district, also in south Kashmir.
Sources said Kamran contributed photographs to some local newspapers being published from Srinagar.
They said Kamran was very active on social networking site, Facebook and has been arrested for uploading some provocative videos.
Sources said Javed is a labourer by profession and has been accused of instigating violence through WhatsApp.
They said both Kamran and Javed were very active on social networking sites and were involved in instigating youth to stone pelting on security forces.
According to sources, the arrest of Kamran and Javed indicates that the NIA has made a lot of progress in its ongoing probe into militancy and separatist funding and the investigation has now moved from top to the ground level.
They said more arrests are likely to take place in the coming days.
Sources said the arrested duo will be produced before a special NIA court in national capital on Wednesday.
The arrests were the first arrests made by NIA in south Kashmir, which was the epicenter of last year's unrest in the Valley after killing of Burhan Wani in an encounter with security forces on July 8, 2016.
South Kashmir is also the hotbed of militancy. Majority of the 135 militants killed in encounters with security forces have been killed in south Kashmir comprising four districts of Anantnag, Pulwama, Kulgam and Shopian.
The NIA has also summoned senior lawyer and Kashmir Bar Association chief Mian Abdul Qayoom for questioning at its New Delhi headquarters tomorrow.
Qayoom has been close to separatist leaders, especially to hardline separatist leader Syed Ali Geelani.
The lawyers for the second consecutive day today stayed away from courts to protest summoning of Qayoom by NIA.
The NIA is probing the militancy and separatist funding in Jammu and Kashmir and has already arrested nine people including seven separatist leaders, Sikh lawyer from Jammu and a leading business person in the Valley. Among the arrested separatist leader includes hardline separatist leader Syed Ali Gelani's son-in-law Altaf Ahmad Shah alias Altaf Funtoosh.
Besides, the NIA is also questioning Naeem Geelani and Naseem Geelani, sons of Syed Ali Geelani in the militancy and separatist funding in the Valley.
The NIA had registered a case on May 30 against separatist leaders for acting in connivance with militants of Hizbul Mujahideen, Lashkar-e-Toiba and other groups and woman separatist group Dukhtaran-e-Millat for raising, receiving and collecting funds through various illegal means including hawala for funding separatist and militant activities in Jammu and Kashmir.
The NIA raids and arrests of separatist leaders took place after three separatists Farooq Ahmad Dar alias Bitta Karate, Nayeem Khan and Gazi Javed Baba had in an expose by India Today TV purportedly acknowledged of receiving money from Pakistan government, Hafiz Saeed and militant groups for fomenting unrest in Valley and creating chaos by burning schools, government institutions, panchayat ghars and police stations.
Despite being banned from New York City's Madison Square Garden, the home of the Knicks, after an altercation with security and being called an alcoholic by Knicks owner James Dolan, former Knick power forward Charles Oakley says that they don't have a problem with alcohol.
Advertisement
Oakley said in an interview with the New York Post that they actually have been active in helping others, like former New Jersey Net Jayson Williams, who has battled alcoholism.
“[James] Dolan might think because I go to volunteer at Rebound Institute treatment centers with Jayson that I'm a client,'' Oakley told the Post. “I'm just supporting the amazing work Jayson is doing. I'm not an alcoholic, but Jayson is.''
Oakley's manager, Akhtar Farzaie, says that after Williams got their second DWI, Oakley was instrumental in getting their longtime friend into the Florida clinic, even driving 1,200 miles from Cleveland in their truck to check out the facility.
Advertisement
Dolan, a recovering addict himself, recently said that he's “sure” Oakley has a substance abuse problem.
“I'm sure they have problems,” Dolan said to the Post. “I didn't have the problem they have, but when you're fighting addiction, it's not that much different from anger management or other diseases where you can't control yourself. The first step is to turn that around for yourself is admitting you have a problem. And then from there you can begin to take the steps to take control back in your life.”
Dolan's accusation may have served as justification for banning Oakley from the Garden. After a highly publicized incident last week, when Oakley was confronted by Garden security (the head of security was fired for the incident), the Knicks organization released a shady Tweet saying that it hopes Oakley “gets some help soon.”
Advertisement
Farzaie says that the burly former power forward actually volunteers at several treatment centers. They say that Oakley will also hold a charity golf event for the Rebound Institute in May.
And though Oakley admitted that they had a couple of drinks before Wednesday's Clippers-Knicks dustup, where they were arrested, they vehemently deny that they have a problem.
Advertisement
Read more at the New York Post.
Hours after a Green Party-backed campaign dropped its case in state courts they announce a change to their strategy to force a statewide recount of Pennsylvania's Nov. 8 presidential election, won by Republican Donald Trump, and said late Saturday night that it will seek help in the federal courts, rather than the state courts.
The campaign announced that it would seek an emergency federal court order on Monday for a recount.
"Make no mistake — the Stein campaign will continue to fight for a statewide recount in Pennsylvania," recount campaign lawyer Jonathan Abady said in a statement issued a little before midnight. "We are committed to this fight to protect the civil and voting rights of all Americans."
Abady said barriers to a recount in Pennsylvania are pervasive and the state court system is ill-equipped to address the problem.
Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein, raised over $6.9 million to fund recount efforts in Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania.Stein framed the issue as an effort to explore whether voting machines and systems had been hacked and the election result manipulated.
Stein announced Sunday morning that they plan to hold a rally on Monday morning outside of Trump Tower in New York.
Despite Stein's lawyers having offered no evidence of hacking in Pennsylvania's election.
The state Republican Party and Trump asked for a dismissal in the state court case.
The decision came two days before a state court hearing was scheduled in the case. Saturday's court filing to withdraw the case said the Green Party-backed voters who filed it "are regular citizens of ordinary means" and cannot afford the $1 million bond ordered by the court by 5 p.m. Monday. Green Party-backed efforts to force recounts and analyze election software in scattered precincts were continuing. The court's order can be read here.
The Wisconsin recount began on Thursday, while a potential recount could begin in Michigan next week.
No Republican presidential candidate had captured Pennsylvania since 1988.
Stein announced Pennsylvania's recount purpose was to ensure "our votes are safe and secure."
They have unsuccessfully sought to get various counties to allow a forensic examination of their election system software.
Trump's lawyers and the state Republican Party claimed there was no evidence or allegations that tampering occurred with Pennsylvania's voting systems. Pennsylvania law does not allow a court-ordered recount, they argued, and a lawyer for the Green Party had acknowledged that the effort was without precedent in Pennsylvania.
Republican lawyers also argued that the case has threatened the state's ability to certify its presidential electors by the December 13 federal deadline.
On Saturday, a GOP lawyer, Lawrence Tabas, said the case had been meant "solely for purposes to delay the Electoral College vote in Pennsylvania for President-Elect Trump."
The state's top elections official, Secretary of State Pedro Cortes, a Democrat, has said there was no evidence of any sort of cyberattacks or irregularities in the election. Cortes predicted that a recount would change few votes.
As of Friday, Trump's margin of victory in Pennsylvania was 49,000, or less than 1 percent, out of 6 million votes cast, according to state election officials. State and county officials did not expect any outstanding uncounted votes to change the outcome of the presidential election in Pennsylvania.
Pennsylvania's automatic statewide recount trigger is 0.5 percent. Stein drew less than 1 percent of the votes cast.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Hot Commodities: How A... Jim Rogers Best Price: $1.47 Buy New $8.00 (as of 02:00 EST - Details)
The choice of asset class is always a hot topic of discussion for long-term investors. Although commodities, as an asset class, were forgotten in the 1980s and the 1990s, they made a strong comeback in the current decade. The reason they have done so well in recent times is the consumption boom in the emerging markets, especially China. Also investments in mining and agriculture have not kept pace with the unprecedented surge in demand.
Investment Biker: Arou... Jim Rogers Best Price: $1.50 Buy New $10.45 (as of 05:40 EST - Details)
However, as demand is directly linked to global economic activity, the turmoil in 2008 did lead to a sharp correction in commodity prices. The most notable being that in crude oil prices. After touching levels of US$147 about a year ago, the price of ‘black gold' dropped to US$ 32, a fall of almost 80% within a period of five months. In addition, the CRB Commodity Index, one of the most recognised indices to track commodity prices, also posted a loss of about 58% after reaching a record high a year back.
Read the rest of the article
The Best of Jim Rogers
In order to explore the perilous depths of the post office's seedy underbelly to find my black market package, I needed to recruit the most able and experienced team to join me, of course I'm talking about Mulder and Scully who are assigned to the X-Files. I needed someone else besides me to witness what I was seeing! We retrieved the package and made it back to FBI Headquarters (the one based out of my apartment).
We found an unused room, bolted the door shut, for we had no idea what we'd find contained inside this Pandora's box of a package. The lights went out and then Mulder pulled out their flashlight. We heard something behind us breathing! There was a big purple eyeball foot-creature!!! Mulder was scared, so I held them close score! while Scully just kind of rolled their eyes at us. I let go of Mulder and gained the courage to touch this creature, and amazingly, it was incredibly soft, warm and lovely. We couldn't deny the comfortable and supportive nature of these purple eyeball socks (errmm...Creature)...No doubt, this sock creature was the most remarkable sock creature ever seen by human eyes!
Just then, the flashlight dropped from Mulder's hand and I heard the sounds Scully and Mulder screaming for my help! I picked up the flashlight and shined it to see that the room had somehow filled partially with water. The X-Files Team were pulled into a deep watery abyss!
The lights came back on and I stood there socked, I mean SHOCKED! It couldn't be! I've heard they existed, but have never imagined I'd be staring into it's eye! The GIGANTIC SQUID SOCK burst forth and grabbed onto me! I tried to shake them off, but it curled itself around my foot! The squid looked up at me with their deep black eyes and must have injected me with some sort of pleasure substance, because my foot felt so very comfortable and warm. We seemed to communicate telepathically, and they soothed me and told me they meant no harm, I knew I could trust him. They were the most beautifully handsome creature I've ever seen...(Other than of course my husband! Hi Sweetie!) Mulder and Scully were spit back from whence they came (in the room with me) and we decided that we'd had enough adventure for today and we'd go get some tacos together. Right before we left, we found a note...An eyeball was surrounded by the words "Enjoy Your Socks!!!"
We questioned if this note was left to warn us, and we should have probably read it first. Either way, we all concluded that this was the best adventure we'd all ever gone on. They inducted me as their 3rd official member of the X-Files team...and they were allowed to, because Mulder and Scully don't play by the rules.
The End!
P.S. NO MULDER OR SCULLY WAS HARMED IN THIS STORY!
Thank You to the bestest Sock Pal ever! I love them!
Luxury tourist resort in Aberdeenshire will create up to 100 full-time jobs.
© STV
Plans for a £100m golf and tourism resort in Aberdeenshire have been backed by councillors.
The luxury tourist resort at Inchmarlo, near Banchory, is expected to create up to 100 full-time jobs and bring millions of pounds into the local economy.
The development was backed by councillors after a four-hour meeting on Thursday.
Members voted to pass the plans by 30 votes against 23 who wanted to defer the plans.
The original plans, by Frank Burnett Ltd, were rejected at a full council meeting earlier this year, despite having won the backing of the local area committee.
The site already features an 18-hole golf course, nine-hole golf course and driving range.
A five-star hotel, cookery school and 80 houses – 45 less than in the original application - will be constructed under the new plans, which also include an upgrade for the golf courses.
The original plans had included a Nick Nairn cookery school but under new proposals it will be branded an "invitational" cookery school and feature guests chefs, after the celebrity chef announced plans to open their facility in Aberdeen city centre.
A new community hall, small business units and all-weather sports pitch will also be built at the site.
The approval, granted in principle, has been made subject to a long list of conditions.
Before the debate head of planning policy Robert Gray told councillors that the development was "in reality, an extension to Banchory".
Opening the debate Banchory and Mid-Deeside councillor Jill Webster said the development would be "fantastic for Aberdeenshire" and the location was "perfect".
Mrs Webster added that the phasing of the project was "crucial" and emphasised that problems around the access to the site would need to be resolved.
They proposed that the application was approved but with added conditions including that the hotel and community facilities were part of the first phase of construction.
Them motion was seconded by Huntly, Strathbogie and Howe of Alford councillor Joanna Strathdee.
However Banchory and Mid-Deeside councillor Karen Clark said they were opposed to the plans and moved that they were rejected.
They told councillors it was "the urbanisation of a very peaceful rural environment".
Fellow area councillor Linda Clark seconded their motion.
"This application is out of kilter in so many ways," Linda Clark said.
"We should not inflict this on a small community. I'm aspirational for my area but not for this."
Aboyne, Upper Deeside and Donside councillor Marcus Humphrey and Huntly, Strathbogie and Howe of Alford councillor Moira Ingleby said they had opposed the original application but were in favour of the revised effort before the chamber moved into private session to discuss confidential business figures.
After the private session Mid-Formartine councillor Paul Johnston moved that the decision was deferred to allow the developer and planners to come forward with more information regarding access to the site and to clarify other issue – a move which was backed by Inverurie and District councillor Martin Kitts-Hayes who described the application as “a dog's dinner”.
Both Linda and Karen Clark withdrew their motion to support Mr Johnston before councillors voted in favour of the application.
Following the decision, developer Stan Troupe said: "[It was a] long, thorough and open debate. I'm absolutely delighted. It's only the end of the beginning, we have to move forward and adhere to the conditions that have been attached."
They said legal discussions would now take around two to three months before the project would move further forward.
If you see someone collapse unexpectedly this is usually the result of cardiac arrest. Studies conducted by the University of Arizona Sarver Heart Center have shown that by doing chest compressions only, without mouth-to-mouth breathing, bystanders increase the person's chance of survival. Follow these three steps to perform Chest-Compression-Only Resuscitation:
Check for responsiveness - Shake the person and shout, “Are you OK?”
Call - Direct someone to call 9-1-1 or make the call yourself if the person is unresponsive and struggling to breathe (gasping or snoring).
Compress - Begin forceful chest compressions at a rate of 100 per minute. Position the victim back down on the floor. Place the heel of one hand on top of the other and place the heel of the bottom hand on the center of the victim's chest. Lock your elbows and compress the chest forcefully; make sure you lift up enough to let the chest recoil.
If an AED (heart with lightening flash symbol) is available, turn the unit on and follow the voice instructions. If no AED (automated external defibrillator) is available, perform chest compressions continuously until the paramedics arrive. This is physically tiring so if someone else is available, take turns after each 100 chest compressions. Learn how to use an AED.
Remember: If you suspect drowning or drug overdose, follow standard CPR procedures (alternate 30 chest compressions with two mouth-to-mouth breaths).
Don't have 6 minutes to watch the video? Our friends at the Gootter Foundation and Phoenix Suns get the point across in 30-seconds with Channing Frye.
The shop at 38 White Street in Lower Manhattan buzzes both literally and metaphorically.
Inside is a nonstop barrage of motion—shipments coming in and going out, designers working feverishly behind large monitors, phones ringing, salespeople discussing color options, and—in the very back—craftsmen bending and shaping tubes of glass with the formidable heat of gas torches.
All of this under the glow of neon lights in every size, shape, and color. Their transformers give off a faint hum, audible only when the movement inside manages to stop for a moment and take a breath.
Let There Be Neon has been making neon signs for businesses, artists, and decoration for 40 years, shipping work all over the world. They're an increasingly rare breed; as more businesses opt for LED over neon, shops specializing in the inert gas become harder to find.
In the century since their invention, neon signs have become one of marketing's most ubiquitous tools. From highly visible billboards to dust-covered signs in bodega windows, neon is a marketing staple that helps businesses shine. But even neon isn't immune to the endless march of technology. These days, more and more neon signs are being replaced by cheaper and more adaptable L.E.D. screens. Like the hand-painted billboards before them, neon is becoming an uncommon advertising art.
But don't turn off the lights just yet; for those who desire a handmade aesthetic, the nostalgic blaze of neon can't be replicated.
Noble and Novel
Neon (the element) sits on the far right side of the periodic table, atomic number 10, with the noble gases—one of the most common elements in the universe, but relatively rare here on Earth. At two thirds the density of air, a balloon full of neon will rise slowly.
British scientists Morris W. Travers and William Ramsay first discovered neon in 1898 by liquefying air then capturing the gases that boiled off as they heat it. It was an elusive element to isolate, taking the duo about a month to finally capture. They put the gas into a tool called an “electrical gas-discharge” tube—essentially an early precursor to today's neon lights. By adding an electric charge to the gas, they were able to identify it based on the color it emits. Travers and Ramsay were immediately awed by the brilliant red-orange color that the gas showed under electrical current. Travers wrote that “the blaze of crimson light from the tube told its own story and was a sight to dwell upon and never forget… for a moment, the spectrum of the gas did not matter in the least, for nothing in the world gave a glow such as we had seen.”
Shortly after the discovery, neon light tubes became scientific novelties, but the high cost prevented them from being used for anything more substantial. Then, in 1907, a French business person by the name of Georges Claude found a cheaper way to isolate neon and began mass producing neon lights, first showing them off at the 1910 Paris Motor Show.
A few years after that success, Claude's business partner—Jacques Fonseque—saw an opportunity in the signage business for their new technology. In 1912, they reduced the diameter of the glass tubes to make it more malleable, making it possible to shape the tubes into words. That same year, the company sold their first neon sign to a ritzy barber shop at 14 Boulevard Montmartre—a space now occupied by a Hard Rock Cafe. Soon, neon signs were popping up all over Paris—160 of them by 1913, and over 6,000 by the late 20s. In 1923, neon made its first appearance in North America when Earle C. Anthony bought two signs for their Packard dealership in Downtown Los Angeles. One of those signs is still there, shining bright on the corner of Hope Street and Olympic Boulevard, only now it says “Packard Lofts.”
Business boomed for Georges Claude throughout the 20s and 30s, but they landed in hot water after WWII. Following the liberation of France, they were accused of cooperating with occupying Axis forces, and sentenced to life in prison. They were released after five years in recognition of their other technological contributions that helped the Allied cause.
Technically, neon only produces one color—a bright orangey-red. To produce other colors, different gases—namely argon, which produces a beautiful lavender color—are used in combination with fluorescent coatings on the glass. This development, which came along in the 20s, makes a wide range of colors possible. That's about the last technological innovation that came along for neon lighting. The process for creating neon displays has remained remarkably unchanged in nearly 100 years. Any innovation since has come from the hands of the craftsmen who shape it, finding new and creative ways to apply the medium.
As businesses took to using neon as a way to draw attention to their advertisements, certain cities and neighborhoods developed an identity around the glow of their signs. Times Square in New York, Ocean Drive in Miami, Fremont Street in Las Vegas, Shinjuku in Tokyo. With more businesses using them, the pressure to make increasingly impressive signs rose. Douglas Leigh, an advertising entrepreneur, helped brands do just that. The Alabama native moved to New York in 1929 and quickly made a name for themselves by designing creative billboards that not only incorporated neon, but mechanical elements as well—giant coffee cups that let out steam, a laundry detergent ad that spit out real bubbles, and a famous ad for Camel cigarettes that blew smoke rings out onto Broadway.
Rather than being interruptive eyesores, Leigh's signs—and others like them—became landmarks in their respective cities. Miami's lights became synonymous with an entire design movement. Las Vegas became known as much for its animated neon behemoths as for its casinos. Author Tom Wolfe once wrote that Las Vegas is “the only town in the world whose skyline is made up neither of buildings, like New York, nor of trees, like Wilbraham, Mass., but signs.”
But being a relatively affordable, low-maintenance way to grab attention, neon wasn't limited to big brands and expensive billboards. Small businesses could put them up in their windows to tell the world they were open or advertise their services. Neon window signs became standard material for barber shops, restaurants, and bars. Beer companies produced a seemingly endless supply of signs to hang in watering holes to entice customers to order a Pabst over a Budweiser, a Schlitz over a Miller.
And behind every one of those gas tubes was a craftsman, creating gleaming advertisements from the very stuff stars are made of.
Palatine law firm turns to social media to build recognition
hello
Lawyers and social media. The words don't roll off the tongue as easily as, say, chocolate and ice cream or summer and vacation -- unless you're talking with Colin Gilbert.
A founding partner at the law firm of Drost, Gilbert, Andrew & Apicella LLC, Gilbert is shepherding a social media marketing campaign that they believe will be successful in introducing the new Palatine firm.
New is something of a relative term. The four partners boast a combined 68 years of legal experience. "We're not starting from scratch," Gilbert says. "We all brought goodwill and business to the firm."
While that matters, DGAA could become just another suburban law firm in an already crowded marketplace. Partly for that reason, DGAA is using social media for a very traditional marketing purpose: To raise the firm's visibility.
It's early days, but Gilbert is encouraged. "I think social media allows us to reach a lot of people," Gilbert says. "We have 700 likes so far on our Facebook page."
Many of those likes come from Thank You Thursdays, a DGAA promotion intended to connect the firm with fans and other local businesses. On one recent Thursday, for example, "People who liked us got a free three-month membership at Fitness 19," an Arlington Heights workout facility, Gilbert says.
The firm also posts "links to our blogs, any awards we receive, pictures of us in the community and photos highlighting businesses we partner with" on its Facebook page, Gilbert adds.
"You can't be using social media," says Jay Beaton, principal at On the Beaton Path LLC, an Arlington Heights marketing firm providing support for DGAA's social media initiatives. "Everyone has transitioned there."
At least some law firms apparently are making the transition. The cover story in the April edition of the Illinois Bar Journal, published by the Illinois State Bar Association, was "Marketing Your Practice via Social Media," and Gilbert says DGAA has seen "a significant spike in social media traffic from our peers. Social media is a hot-button issue."
Even so, says marketing consultant Nick Keseric, the personal touch still matters. "Technology is a great tool to get a brand out, to bring your name to a larger market," says Keseric, president of The Marketing Seeds Co., Hinsdale. "But you still have to give before you get. Even in our instant society, it takes time to develop a relationship."
Beaton knows. Their task may be to help DGAA develop a digital-focused brand, but, they say, their firm applies "traditional principles to this new medium."
Gilbert knows, too. DGAA is on LinkedIn, the business social media site that centers on relationship building, and is developing sponsorships with the Northwest Suburban Bar Association and the Palatine Area and Arlington Heights chambers of commerce.
• Jim Kendall welcomes comments at JKendall@121MarketingResources.com © 2013 121 Marketing Resources Inc.
Just days after a subway derailment in Harlem , Gov. Andrew Cuomo said Thursday that they will be signing an executive order declaring a state of emergency for the Metropolitan Transportation Authority.
As CBS2 Political Reporter Marcia Kramer reported, Cuomo's declaration also came the same day commuters dealt with delays at both Penn Station and Grand Central Terminal all day.
The Long Island Rail Road said 12 tracks were affected by Amtrak power problems Thursday. Service was on or close to schedule by the late night.
“Thank God I don't have to do this every day, because I feel for those people that do,” said Nick DeFilippis of Smithtown.
Delays and cancellations bookended their day, both heading out and heading into Penn Station.
“I had a meeting this morning which I ended up missing,” DeFilippis said.
The governor has also had enough. They made their announcement Thursday at the Genius Transit Challenge Conference, an international competition with a $1 million prize to come up with solutions to improve the transit system's reliability. They swooped into Manhattan from Albany on a helicopter for the occasion.
Cuomo said the state of emergency will allow the agency to expedite funding and repairs to what they described as a rapidly decaying and dysfunctional system.
“One of the processes we're going to expedite is the MTA procurement process. I'll ask the comptroller and the attorney general for a special team to expedite the process,” they said. “But it will no longer be a tortured exercise to do business with the MTA.”
While they said issues with the transit system have been going on for years, Cuomo said its “current state of decline is wholly unacceptable.”
“The delays are maddening New Yorkers,” they said. “We need ideas outside the box because, frankly, the box is broken.”
In addition, the governor said New York state will commit another $1 billion to the MTA Capital Plan “so the MTA has the resources they need to get it done.”
That is on top of the $8.3 billion that Cuomo has already poured into the MTA's $30 billion capital plan.
Kramer asked MTA Chairman Joe Lhota what the $1 billion would mean to the MTA.
“The $1 billion, I think, is an indication of the commitment on the part of the governor to make a difference,” Lhota said. “To me, I heard it just a few minutes before you heard it, and my immediate thought was it's a new day in New York.”
Lhota announced that they will be conducting a top-to-bottom audit to overhaul the MTA.
Meanwhile, the governor also gave the MTA 30 days to prepare an agency reorganization plan, 60 days to review its plans for buying new equipment and fixing the system, and 90 days to work with Con Edison to eliminate power outages.
“New Yorkers deserve a safe, reliable and viable subway system,” Lhota said. “That is our goal. That is our charge. That is what we must do.”
Cuomo further said they will also be tasking the Public Service Commission with investigating MTA power outages.
“If there is a power outage and if Con Ed is responsible, they are going to be fined heavily for the delays that they have been causing New Yorkers,” Cuomo said.
Cuomo also said the subway system is the most problematic component of the MTA and said the agency needs an updated fleet of subway cars, an upgraded signal system, a better communications system to inform riders and a fix for the power grid that repeatedly fails.
It seemed as if the derailment on the A Train near 125th Street that left dozens injured Tuesday, and the criticism Cuomo received for not going to the scene, spurred them into action.
The governor referenced many of the recent issues, the A train derailment among them. Officials said it appeared to have been caused by an improperly stored piece of rail and two track maintenance supervisors have now suspended without pay.
There have also been multiple breakdowns, delays and countless inconveniences for those who rely on the trains. Earlier this month, riders were left sweltering underground in a stuck F train.
In all, there have been three derailments and nine separate subway mishaps since the start of the year.
“We know the system is decaying rapidly,” Cuomo said. “I think of it as a heart attack.”
Cuomo has spent their six and a half years so far in office building bridges and redoing airports. But the A Train derailment apparently was a game changer.
“It's the perfect metaphor for the dysfunction of the entire system,” they said.
Cuomo and Mayor Bill de Blasio were both roundly criticized for being missing in action at the derailment. On Thursday – as Mayor de Blasio rode the No. 2 Train instead of traveling by sport-utility vehicle as they typically do – Cuomo called on the city to spend more money on mass transit just as the state is.
“Put your money where your mouth is,” Cuomo said.
But de Blasio said the subway system is in the jurisdiction of the state, not the city.
“This is the state's responsibility,” de Blasio said. “We in the city have a host of things we are responsible for that we don't have enough resources for.”
On Wednesday, a group of fed up commuters took their voices and their messages right to Cuomo's doorstep.
“If you do not fix the subway, next year's election will be a referendum on your governorship,” said subway rider Michael Sciaraffo.
On Thursday, straphangers expressed hope that the situation would improve.
“I think it's a great thing,” said a man named Barry. “I just hope it happens soon.”
“We need a better system,” said a woman named Sharon. “We need better trains coming fast.”
“I hope they know what they're doing,” another woman added.
John Raskin, Executive Director of the Riders Alliance, issued a statement saying Cuomo “is stepping up to take responsibility for fixing our crumbling subways.”
“The Governor has stopped ignoring the problem, which is a vital first step,” they said. “Now they need to produce a credible plan to fix the subway, and to put together the billions of dollars we will need to make it happen.”
Even with derailment and all of the headaches riders have endured, some straphangers are optimistic.
“It's a pity what happened but they're doing their best,” said Harlem resident Steve Obanor.
Also Thursday, one woman who was injured during the derailment in Harlem earlier this week has announced their intention to file a $5 million lawsuit, CBS2's Andrea Grymes reported.
“I was being pushed. I was trampled. I passed out for a second,” said Sheena Tucker. “I was throwing up, the smoke inhalation.”
Them attorney said it is time for the talking to stop and for the MTA to make trains safe for its customers.
East West Link: Victorian Government ignores motion calling for release of road tunnel contracts
Updated
The Victorian Government says it will not comply with an Upper House motion compelling it to release the contracts for East West road tunnel.
Late last night, nine of the 10 crossbenchers who hold the balance of power in the Legislative Council voted with the Coalition to compel the Government to release the documents by midday today.
The Government is currently locked in negotiations over compensation with the companies that were contracted to build the project by the previous Napthine government.
Premier Daniel Andrews promised to release the contract immediately after the election, but that has been delayed because of the ongoing negotiations.
Treasurer Tim Pallas said the Government would not jeopardise those talks.
"They won't be released one second before they're ready to go out and before the taxpayers interests have been effectively protected," they said.
"The Liberals shouldn't be focussed on stunts of this nature.
"They had their opportunity to release all documentation that would have demonstrated exactly what a cynical exercise this project was. They chose not to.
"Quite frankly it is breathtaking the hypocrisy of the Greens that they would jump into bed again with the party that sought to impose this dud tunnel on the people of Victoria is amazing.
"Those parties that are not involved in the negotiation should put the interests of Victoria first, not their cynical political opportunities."
But Opposition Leader Matthew Guy said the Government could face a censure motion if it did not release the contracts today.
Mr Guy said Labor's leader in the Upper House, Gavin Jennings, could face serious consequences.
"He could be suspended from the chamber, possibly indefinitely," Mr Guy said.
"The Coalition parties will not rest until this Government keeps the promises it made in November."
The Government has said it would consider introducing special legislation to void the East West Link contracts if it could not reach a settlement with the East West Connect consortium, in order to avoid a compensation bill that could reach more than $1 billion.
On Wednesday it was revealed the consortium was taking legal action in the Victorian Civil and Administrative Tribunal to force the Government to sign off on the construction plan.
Topics: state-parliament, states-and-territories, melbourne-3000, vic
First posted
Friday Facts #30 - Full time on MP
Posted by Tomas on 2014-04-18, all posts
Hello,
after a long long time the 0.9.8 was marked stable this week. There were no big ovations or cheering, just a quite "stable sticker exchange":) The bugs forum is not empty though, as someone would expect. Quite a few small issues remain, but for the sake of moving on we decided to put them to our backlog and mark the release as stable. However if some game crashing or very serious bugs are discovered in 0.9.8, we will make a hotfix. Oh, and the good thing is that we managed to break the streak (for now) of ever increasing number of bugfix releases (the 0.9 had 8 bugfix releases - the same as 0.8).
The whole "programming department" has been fully commited to the work on multiplayer for a while now. The task divison for now is following:
Michal - fully deterministic simulation. This is an absolute must, because all multiplayer peers will calculate the simulation themselves and only the player input (we call it input actions) will be exchanged over the network. Nice effect of having deterministic simulation will be having functional replays again (hmmm not really again because there have always been some bugs in them even when they were "working":)).
Kuba - lower level network layer. This includes the connection management, packets management (we will be using UDP for all the communication) and eventually things like NAT punching to allow connections for peers behind NAT (few people have public IP address).
Tomas - synchronization layer. This logic will take care of keeping the simulation state same for all the players in the game. This includes queing up the input actions, sending them out in batches (tick closures to other peers), requesting missing tick closures, etc.
These things are absolute minimum necessary for our multiplayer implementation. However there is more to be done after this, things like: starting the game (the lobby), mechanism for a player joining already existing game, hiding the latency for the player (most of the time the actions for different players will not collide so we can act as if common actions - like moving the player around - were confirmed immediately) and more (see our battleplan whiteboard in one of the previous friday facts). There is a lot of work ahead, but the good news is that we have finally fully dived into it. We will keep you updated about the progress:)
Albert has finished with most of the map trailer tweaks. Today we also did a first test with exporting the trailer using the new screenshot mechanism. We did this on Michal's computer which is way more powerful than mine (it does take a while to export 3600 screenshots). However there was this funky bug that parts of the terrain in the screenshots had strange, kind of inverted, colors. We have spent like half a day looking into this issue. Finally it turned out to be a problem in our custom optimized version of d3d drawing routine (this was happening on Windows only). Spending hours in frustration hunting bugs (that are not even visible to the player in the end) happens more often than you would think, so game programming is not just about sitting back, playing video games and calling it "research" (but that is part of the job too:)) Anyway to give you an idea of what was going on you can see a visualization of the problem below. For better effect (and for us to easier analyze the problem) the corrupted regions of the image (here all of the terrain) are drawn with reddish overlay. Any idea for the picture title?
Want to cheer us up for the multiplayer work? Or feel like laughing at us for taking so long with the trailer? Go to our forums.
Carl Hess, a man who has written many, many letters to local papers in my area, gave a speech to my opinion writing class last week. It was interesting to finally see and hear them after I'd seen so many of their letters.
I enjoyed much of Hess' speech, but was taken aback when I discovered how dismissive they were of critics of drone assassinations.
In 2007 I went through a phase of writing letters to the editor, and several were published. I recall my then girlfriend's quite Republican father calling me Carl Hess. At the time I was a bit of a libertarian, so I took slight offense to this comparison, but even at that time I could recognize Hess as a voice of reason compared to most other local opinion writers.
Since then, many of my views have shifted, but my foreign policy stances have mostly solidified. Then, I found trial-free detention, and torture of terror suspects unfitting of a civilized nation, even one waging such a tricky, new brand of war.
Today, I naturally believe trial-free death sentences by drones are worse.
The methods that led to detainment of accused militants was the basis of my opposition. In Guantanamo only a small percent of the prisoners were captured directly by US forces, while 95 percent were captured by warring tribes motivated by bounties. The justifications for detainment were as shallow as “finding that prisoners carried Kalashnikov rifles, wore olive drab clothing, had Casio watches, or had stayed in ‘guesthouses'—all of which were commonplace in Afghanistan”
According to Jennifer Gibson, a researcher for “Living Under Drones,” a major study released by Stanford University and New York University, drone targets are subject to similarly flawed justifications. Bounties are offered to informants for providing new targets.
But potential to murder innocents is not the only pitfall of the drone strategy. In an interview with On The Media, Stanford Law professor James Cavallaro, author of the Living Under Drones, said there were profound consequences for the communities.
“We've found psychological disorders; post-traumatic stress disorders. We've found a break down in the communities. Parents told us they don't send their kids to school. People don't go to religious services; they don't go to group meetings. They are very suspicious of each other. In effect, an entire area of Pakistan has been turned into a war zone, even though, in theory, the United States is not at war with Pakistan.”
Cavallaro went on to say American media is failing in it's obligation to question the legitimacy of drone policy.
“Suppose a police officer in New York or Chicago shot and killed a young man and the only media inquiry was whether or not the young man might have participated in a gang. That wouldn't be adequate by any stretch of the imagination. The question is: was that person presenting a threat at the time they were shot by the police officer. did they have a weapon? was there an imminence to the danger presented or not? Because if there wasn't, at most you can arrest that person, And the same principles apply in areas outside of war zones. And if there is no imminent threat the United States cannot kill a person and then legitimate it by saying ‘this person was a militant.' Reporting what an anonymous officials say without challenging it, I think, borders on irresponsible. I don't think the media would apply the same standards in the U.S.”
Cavarallo also points out that the vast majority of drone strike victims, 98 percent, are either signature strikes or casualties, and not personality strikes. Personality strikes are known targets and high level operatives which are subject to review by the president. Signature strikes are suspected militants who are executed on the basis of suspicious behavior.
To minimize the likelihood of casualties, the administration has taken the brilliant safety measure of redefining what is a militant. That new definition includes all military age males within a strike zone, unless there is evidence posthumously proving innocence.
I'm confident there is a division of the CIA dedicated to reviewing the guilt and innocence of drone victims. Please note my sarcasm on that last sentence.
Retired General Stanley McChrystal cautioned that the use of drones are “hated on a visceral level” and the resentment created “is much greater than the average American appreciates.”
To illustrate McChrystals point a newly released Gallup poll reveals a staggering 92 percent disapproval of US leadership within Pakistan, which is up from 49 percent when the poll was conducted not even two years ago.
If anti-American sentiment is surging due to the use of drones, and thus, presumably, incentive to do harm to Americans, then how can it possibly be said that the current drone policy is more of a solution than it is a problem?
EDIT #1: I wrote this blog and titled it the night before I published it. This means I did not see this report from Al Jazeera titled “Game of drones.”
Advertisements
By Roger Harrabin
BBC environment analyst
The new study used data from tree rings and ice cores The most alarming forecasts of natural systems amplifying the human-induced greenhouse effect may be too high, according to a new report. The study in Nature confirms that as the planet warms, oceans and forests will absorb proportionally less CO2. It says this will increase the effects of human-made warming - but much less than recent research has suggested. The authors warn, though, that their research will not reduce projections of future temperature rises. Further, they say their concern about human-made climate change remains high. The research, from a team of scientists in Switzerland and Germany, attempts to settle one of the great debates in climate science about exactly how the Earth's natural carbon cycle will exacerbate any human-made warming. Positive, negative Some climate sceptics have argued that a warmer world will increase the land available for vegetation, which will in turn absorb CO2 and temper further warming. This is known as a negative feedback loop - the Earth acting to keep itself in balance. But the Nature research concludes that any negative feedback will be swamped by positive feedback in which extra CO2 is released from the oceans and from already-forested areas. The oceans are the world's great store of CO2, but the warmer they become, the less CO2 they can absorb. And forests dried out by increased temperatures tend to decay and release CO2 from their trees and soils. Commenting in Nature on the new research, Hugues Goosse from the Université Catholique de Louvain in Belgium said: "In a warmer climate, we should not expect pleasant surprises in the form of more efficient uptake of carbon by oceans and land that would limit the amplitude of future climate change". I don't think they can rule out that the positive feedback from the carbon cycle could become stronger in a significantly warmer climate
Tim Lenton
University of East Anglia The IPCC's fourth assessment report had a broad range of estimates as to how far natural systems would contribute to a spiral of warming. The Nature paper narrows that range to the lower end of previous estimates. The report's lead author, David Frank from the Swiss Federal Institute for Forest, Snow and Landscape Research, told BBC News that many of the calculations for the IPCC assessment report did not include an integrated carbon cycle. They said that if the results their paper were widely accepted, the overall effect on climate projections would be neutral. "It might lead to a downward mean revision of those (climate) models which already include the carbon cycle, but an upward revision in those which do not include the carbon cycle. "That'll probably even itself out to signify no real change in the temperature projections overall," they said. 'Comforting' The team's calculations are based on a probabilistic analysis of climate variation between the years 1050 and 1800 - that is, before the Industrial Revolution introduced fossil carbon into the atmosphere. Using 200,000 data points, the study - believed by Nature to be the most comprehensive of its kind so far - compared the Antarctic ice core record of trapped CO2 bubbles with so-called proxy data like tree rings, which are used to estimate temperature changes. The most likely value among their estimates suggests that for every degree Celsius of warming, natural ecosystems tend to release an extra 7.7 parts per million of CO2 to the atmosphere (the full range of their estimate was between 1.7 and 21.4 parts per million). The oceans' ability to absorb CO2 figures strongly into the debate This stands in sharp contrast to the recent estimates of positive feedback models, which suggest a release of 40 parts per million per degree; the team say with 95% certainty that value is an overestimate. "This is a valuable paper that helps to constrain certain feedback components for the past," said John Schellnhuber, director of the Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research. "However, it is probably not suited for extrapolation into the future and it does not cover the really interesting processes like anthropogenic activation of permafrost carbon or methane clathrates." The paper will surely not be the last word in this difficult area of research, with multiple uncertainties over data sources. "I think that the magnitude of the warming amplification given by the carbon cycle is a live issue that will not suddenly be sorted by another paper trying to fit to palaeo-data," Professor Brian Hoskins, a climate expert from Imperial College London, told BBC News. Another crucial issue is the degree to which past trends will line up with potentially very different future scenarios. Professor Tim Lenton from the University of East Anglia said: "It looks intriguing and comforting if they are right. The immediate problem I can see is that past variations in CO2 and temperature over the last millennium were very small, and this group is assuming that the relationship they derive from these very small variations can be extrapolated to the much larger variations in temperature we expect this century. "We have plenty of reason to believe that the shape of the relationship may change (be nonlinear) when we 'hit the system harder'. So, I don't think they can rule out that the positive feedback from the carbon cycle could become stronger in a significantly warmer climate."
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
WASHINGTON (AP) — Beset by a weak jobs report, President Barack Obama on Friday called for swift action by Congress to raise the nation's borrowing limit, saying the uncertainty over the debt ceiling has hindered hiring in the private sector.
In remarks in the White House Rose Garden, the president linked two of the most high profile issues facing their presidency — the weak economy and a massive budget deal to meet an Aug. 2 deadline to increase the debt limit.
"The sooner we get this done, the sooner that the markets know that the debt limit ceiling will have been raised and that we have a serious plan to deal with our debt and deficit, the sooner that we give our businesses the certainty that will need in order to make additional investments to grow and hire," Obama said.
They made their remarks just hours after the government reported anemic job growth for June and a new, higher unemployment rate of 9.2 percent.
Obama said uncertainty over raising the debt ceiling — currently capped at $14.3 trillion — was one of several factors that have contributed to an economic slowdown and weaker job creation. They also listed natural disasters, high gas prices, state and local budget cuts and the fiscal crisis in Greece.
"The economic challenges we face weren't created overnight and they're not going to be solved overnight," they said.
Obama met Thursday with the top eight leaders of Congress and has called them back for a rare weekend meeting on Sunday. They met privately Friday morning with the top House Democrat, Nancy Pelosi, amid Democratic concerns over proposals to cut spending for Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid as part of the budget deal.
Obama and congressional negotiators are looking at closing some tax loopholes and cutting popular social benefit programs as they struggle to reach an agreement between Republicans and Democrats, but Pelosi and many House Democrats oppose cutting the benefit programs. Pelosi was getting an opportunity to air their views as they met privately with Obama.
"We are not going to balance the budget on the backs of America's seniors," Pelosi said Thursday.
The endgame on the debt talks was approaching as the Labor Department reported hiring slowed to a near-standstill in June. Employers added the fewest jobs in nine months and the unemployment rate rose for the third month in a row, climbing to its highest point this year.
That gave Republicans fresh ammunition to attack Obama's handling of the economy even as the shape of an agreement remained in doubt. All the while the nation is moving closer to an Aug. 2 deadline to raise the government's debt ceiling or face an unprecedented default on U.S. obligations that the administration warns could add a perilous new crisis on top of the already quavering economy.
Obama was pushing for an ambitious deficit reduction plan of roughly $4 trillion, the biggest of three options they laid on the table. It would require sizeable tax revenues, which many Republicans oppose, and spending reductions for entitlement programs, opposed by many Democrats. But the idea of a potentially historic deal was well received by the meeting participants, officials said later, even though the details remained in dispute.
After Thursday's 90-minute session, Obama said Democrats and Republicans should be prepared to show their bottom-line demands when they return to the bargaining table Sunday.
The negotiating stakes are high. Without a deal on deficit reduction, Republican leaders say they don't have enough GOP votes to increase the nation's borrowing authority, raising the danger of the first ever U.S. default on its debts when the current $14.3 trillion debt ceiling is tapped out.
"Everybody acknowledged that we have to get this done before the hard deadline of Aug. 2 to make sure that America does not default for the first time on its obligations," Obama said. "And everybody acknowledged that there's going to be pain involved politically on all sides."
That leaves little time to agree on 10-year deficit reductions of $2 trillion to $4 trillion.
The major clash centers on how to reduce spending on major entitlement programs such as Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security, all prized by Democrats, and on tax changes that would close loophole and end certain corporate breaks. Republicans insist that any tax changes be used to lower rates on corporations and individuals; Obama wants them also to generate more tax revenue.
Increasing the debt ceiling through the end of 2012 — a date favored by the White House — would require authorizing about $2.4 trillion in additional borrowing. House Speaker John Boehner has insisted on a 10-year deficit reduction figure that, at a minimum, matches the amount of additional borrowing. One aide to a lawmaker in Thursday's meeting said Obama made it clear they wouldn't sign a budget and debt agreement that didn't extend the debt ceiling until after the November 2012 presidential election.
In the meeting, Obama told the leaders that they faced three options — a small deficit reduction plan, a medium plan that would reduce deficits by $2 trillion over 10 years or a big agreement that would shoot for up to $4 trillion in deficit reductions over the next decade. Obama indicated they preferred the largest number.
In the meeting, Boehner and Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky backed Obama's bigger, more ambitious goal, said Democratic officials familiar with the talks. Their lieutenants, Senate GOP Whip Jon Kyl of Arizona and House Majority Leader Eric Cantor of Virginia, indicated they believed the medium-size option was more realistic. Both Cantor and Kyl had participated in talks led by Vice President Joe Biden that had already identified about $2 trillion in deficit reduction.
The negotiations are politically difficult for both parties.
Raising the debt ceiling is unpopular with voters, especially those who vote Republican, increasing concern among GOP lawmakers that they could be challenged by fellow Republicans in primaries across the country.
The big entitlement programs such as Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid have long been protected by Democrats in Congress.
Underscoring the political stakes, the Pew Research Center reported Thursday that in a recent poll it found that six of 10 of those surveyed believe it is more important to maintain Social Security and Medicare benefits than to reduce the budget deficit.
___
Associated Press writers Ben Feller, Andrew Taylor, Alan Fram, Ricardo Alonso-Zaldivar, Erica Werner and Laurie Kellman contributed to this report.
Penguins defenseman Simon Despres collected the puck in their own zone and took a quick look at the ice. They locked eyes with forward Patric Hornqvist, who had just jumped off the bench and was standing at the opposite blue line.
Despres snapped a hard, on-target pass that sprung Hornqvist into the New Jersey zone. Hornqvist unleashed a perfect shot over the shoulder of goaltender Cory Schneider.
The goal tied the Tuesday night game at 3-3, a game in which Pittsburgh would be victorious by an 8-3 margin. Despres finished the night with two assists, a plus-3 rating, three hits and was the game's No. 2 star.
The play was also a glimpse of Despres' potential as an NHL blueliner: the vision; the awareness of the situation; the right play read; the perfect pass. All those things, among others, are why the Penguins drafted the Laval, Quebec native in the first round (30th overall) of the 2009 NHL Draft held in Montreal.
“(Despres is) moving the puck quick and making really good decisions with the puck,” head coach Mike Johnston said. “That's an important thing for me. If we want to be that type of team that escapes our zone fast, but you have to move that puck quick. I thought their puck decisions have been good so far.”
Despres, 23, certainly has all the tools to be a top-4 NHL defenseman. Along with their skill set, they also add a physical element. Despres stands at 6-foot-4, 214 pounds, and leads the team's defensemen with 26 hits. He's not afraid to take the body.
“You look at the hit totals and our defense corps, (Despres) really adds an element which we don't have on the backend,” Johnston said. “That balance to our defense is important.”
Despres has had a decorated career. They were the first-overall pick by Saint John in the 2007 Quebec Major Junior Hockey League draft. They led the team to a QMJHL championship and Memorial Cup title in 2011. That year they won the Emile “Butch” Bouchard Award as the QMJHL's best defenseman. Despres also earned a silver medal at the 2011 World Junior Championship.
Since turning pro, Despres has played parts of the last three seasons with Pittsburgh and Wilkes-Barre/Scranton of the American Hockey League.  They are still a young defenseman that needs to grow and improve.
“You're never perfect. There are always things to work on,” Despres said. “That's what I'm trying to do. Everyday I'm trying to get better, get stronger and be a better player.”
Mistakes are inevitable in the game of hockey. Even the most seasoned veteran will make a gaffe. For young players, it's important to learn from those mistakes. Despres has made their share of mistakes, but the Penguins coaching staff is letting them learn and grow through those errors.
“It's a game of mistakes. Everybody makes mistakes,” fellow defenseman Kris Letang said. “It's how you react to it and bounce back. They improved that aspect of the game. They focus on the next shift and makes sure they have a strong shift every time.
“I think Simon plays a lot better when people have confidence in him. The coaches have shown that so far.”
Letang, who attended the 2009 draft in Montreal, has been one of the people Despres has leaned on from Day 1. Literally.
“Right from the start, when they got drafted, I was there. I was the first player to talk to him,” Letang said. “He's a guy that I spend a lot of time with. I'm tying to help them out. We talk a lot. Sitting next to me (in the locker room), we're both French Canadian. We live near each other so we spend time together.”
Despres has played the entire season alongside 10-year veteran Rob Scuderi.
“I can't say enough about how much (Rob Scuderi has) helped me,” Despres said. “He's a two-time Stanley Cup winner. I listen to them a lot. He's my mentor. We're playing well together. They talk a lot and makes it easy for me. It's going well so far.”
Despres should only improve with each season, each game, each minute. He's shown glimpses of being the player the Penguins envisioned in 2009. It's just a matter of letting them grow into that role.
“I think their game improved a lot,” Letang said. “He's still young. He's 23 years old. Defenseman usually get in the league at 25, 27. He's still young and he's going to learn.
“He's becoming a great player.”
Well, look what we have here. A college volleyballer at tiny Lindsey Wilson College was popped Wednesday in a prostitution raid on an Indiana ‘spa' where a legitimate business was just a front for more than just a massage. But the big news here, thanks to the intrepid message boarders at Barstool, is that a chick named Marisa Ruckel was on the arrest list. That's Marisa in their bikini. She's 20 and is listed on the 2011 Lindsey Wilson volleyball roster.
We're guessing she'll be losing their roster spot.
According to the local newspaper in Jeffersonville, IN:
The Jeffersonville Police Department set up surveillance outside the massage parlor and began looking at several online websites where My Studio 1501 is advertised. “They promoted themselves as a legitimate business,” Hollis said. Several Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department officers set up an appointment and went undercover into the establishment on Wednesday. Some of the women allegedly offered to have sex with them or perform sexual acts for money.
Ruckel was in the initial arrest roundup. Them Facebook page has since disappeared. Our i-Team has been spending this morning rounding up whatever we can about these sports/prostitution star. When you start dealing in the Ohio River/Kentucky/Indiana bikini chicks it's hard to crack their inner circle for the photo motherlode.
That's where Busted Coverage readers come into the mix. One of you knows Marisa. One of you might have ordered services from Marisa. Tip us off. Send pics. Even though she's probably going to get booted from the volleyball team we might have an honorary spot on our “Hottest College Athlete” roster.
mail@bustedcoverage.com
[Five women arrested for prostitution in Jeffersonville]
“Last Friday in Alabama, after forty people chanted “No justice, no peace,” and “I can't breathe” on the side of the road and then marched through a Walmart parking lot and into the store, they were met outside by a platoon of police officers waiting to pounce. Officers from the Homewood PD, Mountain Brook PD, Jefferson County Sheriff's Department and Alabama State Troopers confronted the protestors in the parking lot with threats of criminal trespass charges.
When Mercutio Terrell Southall asked to see an officer's name on their badge, they were summarily arrested for criminal trespassing. When Southall stood with their hands in their pockets, refusing to comply with their arrest, they were surrounded by officers who drove them to the ground, piled on top of them and repeatedly tasered him.
Their friend, Randall Anderson, who was recording the tasering in the parking lot, was the next person to be threatened with arrest. Not wanting to be arrested, Anderson walked towards their car. Within five feet of their vehicle, they were grabbed by an officer and pushed up against the hood. After minutes of incredulously asking what they were being arrested for, Anderson was eventually told, “You're going to jail for disobeying a police officer.”
“* The Young Turks hosts Cenk Uygur and John Iadarola break it down.
*Read more here:
http://photographyisnotacrime.com/2015/01/protestor-arrested-recording-violent-arrest-tasering-walmart-parking-lot/
'Aren't they tall': The phrase that all new insecure mothers simply don't want to hear
When the little angels can do no wrong it's always a shock to hear a contrary view.
Which might explain why one in three mothers have fallen out with someone over how to raise their child.
Potty training is the most frequent cause of rows with behaviour, growth and a child's eating and sleeping habits other touchy subjects.
According to a study, almost a quarter of mothers have argued with someone to the extent that they are no longer talking.
Key remarks that can trigger a row include ‘Aren't they tall / short' and ‘When my child was that age, they were already walking/talking'.
Other mothers have been criticised for giving their child a dummy and been questioned about whether their children are eating properly.
Psychologists say it can be difficult for parents to hear comments about their child's development.
Not only does it raise concerns there might be something wrong, it could also imply the mother isn't doing a good enough job.
Emma Kenny, spokesperson for Pull-Ups, the potty training experts who commissioned the study, said: ‘It's important to remember that all youngsters develop at different speeds.
'For example, when it comes to potty training some children can be dry during the day at the age of two when others can be closer to four.'
As well as highlighting fall-outs, the study of 2,000 mothers also revealed mother-in-laws were the most common culprits for dishing out unwanted advice.
While some mothers said they were able to take the comments on the chin, one third admitted they got defensive whenever someone asked something about their child's development.
One in three mothers has fallen out with someone amid a bust-up over how to raise their child - with their own mums or mother-in-law the main culprits, researchers have found.
Mother-in-laws are the main culprits when it comes to mothers having a bust-ups over how to raise their child
Ms Kenny added: 'For many mums it can be difficult to hear comments about how their child isn't doing something by a certain age, or isn't behaving in a certain way.
'Not only does it raise concerns that there might be something wrong, but it could also indirectly criticise the mother by implying that they aren't doing a good enough job.
'Many of the comments will often come from other people comparing the child to their own, or someone else's, but it's important to remember than all youngsters develop at different speeds.
The study surveyed 2,000 mothers and found comments or remarks made by close relatives, other mothers and even complete strangers are also common triggers
Some mothers have been told their child should be talking more than they were, criticised for giving them a dummy and questioned about whether their child was eating properly.
As well as highlighting the actual fall outs mothers are having, the study also revealed mother-in-laws are the most common culprits for dishing out unwanted advice.
While some mums said they were able to take the comments on the chin, one third admitted they get very defensive whenever someone says something about their child's development.
Over half of them (56 per cent) were left feeling down and upset by the remarks and some felt so troubled that they ended up speaking to a doctor or health visitor.
Emma Kenny added: 'When the time is right to start potty training, the key for parents is to be patient, to encourage their child and offer lots of praise and support.
CLOSE Brewery goes from Fort Collins basement to national distribution Wochit
Buy Photo Bottles move on the bottling line for packaging at New Belgium Brewing on Wednesday, May 31, 2017. (Photo: Austin Humphreys/The Coloradoan)Buy Photo
New Belgium Brewing is part of a group acquiring San Francisco's Magnolia Brewing Co., the Fort Collins brewery announced Thursday.
The Fort Collins-based craft brewery teamed with Belgian brewery Oud Beersel and Elysian Brewing co-founder Dick Cantwell on the deal, which is part of Magnolia's bankruptcy proceedings. The transaction is scheduled to be finalized in September.
Magnolia Brewing, which has two San Francisco locations, will retain its name and branding.
"We've been looking for ways to diversify our assets and expand our community,” said Kim Jordan, New Belgium's co-founder and executive chair. "We're excited about the possibilities and look forward to continuing our journey while honoring Magnolia's history and presence.”
Jordan has a home in San Francisco that they share with Cantwell, who is their boyfriend.
Buy Photo New Belgium co-founder Kim Jordan holds a Ranger IPA in the taproom at the brewery in Fort Collins Tuesday, Oct. 28, 2014. (Photo: Coloradoan library)
Cantwell will take over as Magnolia's head brewer. They co-founded Seattle's Elysian Brewing in 1996 but left the company in 2015 after being forced to sell the craft brewery to Budweiser parent company Anheuser-Busch InBev. Many Elysian products are now produced at the Fort Collins Anheuser-Busch brewery.
“I'm tremendously excited to be back in the beer business and looking forward to working with the team at Magnolia to develop new beers and new ideas,” Cantwell said in the statement.
Magnolia Brewing was founded in 1997 in San Francisco's famous Haight-Ashbury district. In 2014, the operation opened a barbecue brewpub called Smokestack.
The brewery filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in November 2015.
Many of Magnolia's flagship beers are expected to remain in production, while other new beers will be added. Oud Beersel, founded in 1882, and New Belgium, founded in 1991, plan to ship lambic-style beers to Magnolia for blending.
Buy Photo Bottles of Le Terroir from New Belgium Brewing are served during The Summit, a kick-off party for the Colorado Brewers' Festival in Washington Park on Friday, June 23, 2017. The festival, in its 28th year, will continue this weekend with live music and beer samples from over 40 Colorado breweries. (Photo: Austin Humphreys/The Coloradoan)
Magnolia Brewing founder Dave McLean will stay on as an employee.
“I'm incredibly grateful for this opportunity to see Magnolia start a new chapter," McLean said in the statement. “Magnolia has had quite a journey in San Francisco for nearly two decades, including some very challenging and difficult times in recent years.”
The acquisition was announced on the same day Corona-maker Constellation Brands bought out Florida craft brewery Funky Buddha Brewery.
New Belgium is considered the country's fourth-largest craft brewery. The operation reached 50-state distribution earlier this year.
Follow Jacob Laxen on Twitter and Instagram @jacoblaxen.
More: New Belgium brewmaster opens new Fort Collins craft brewery
Buy Photo Dave Ponceby conducts a tour of New Belgium Brewing in February. (Photo: Valerie Mosley/The Coloradoan)
Read or Share this story: http://noconow.co/2wMEGCZ
Of all the storied features on Whistler and Blackcomb Mountains, one of the most famous is Air Jordan — a double cliff drop that's visible from the Peak Chair, and a guaranteed spectacle on a day like Sunday, Mar. 3 when the alpine opened after three days of storms dropped over a metre of fresh powder on the resort.
But nothing could have prepared Peak Chair riders for Sunday's show, when backcountry high-flyer Julian Carr decided to forgo the usual double cliff drop and air out over the entire feature. It hasn't been measured yet but it was at least 100 feet (33 metres), or the equivalent of jumping off a 10-storey building. The front flip only made it more impossible.
Carr told Pique on Monday that they got the idea for the drop from Stan Rey, a former member of the national ski cross team who made the switch to big mountain skiing. (Judging by Sunday's stunt, it's going pretty well.)
"A few times I've been up to Whistler I've glanced at the idea from the back of my mind — the kind of glance that is fleeting and more of a brief fantasy than a real idea," said Carr. "The real idea came about a week ago when Stan Rey mentioned there was a beautiful platform up there and I could send the whole thing from it. Stan mentioned it fleetingly as well, I don't think they knew that I was listening intently!"
It's not a trick that Carr would have attempted in many other circumstances, but with over 120cm of new snow that was completely untracked it suddenly became possible.
"(The alpine being closed) was absolutely critical for this to go down... 50 inches and a non-skied through landing was crucial. Sun is even better," they said. "To get all three things was absolutely amazing. Glad I could seize the moment."
The trick itself was captured on film by Whistler's own Sherpa Cinemas, working on an in-bounds segment for Whistler Blackcomb. Because of the WB connection, Carr and camera crews were able to get into the area for a few hours before the Peak Chair opened and inspect the entire stunt, from the angle of the cliffs to the landing zone.
"What it all boils down to though, it's all about my relationship with the cliff in the moment," Carr said. "Safety is of utmost priority. Once I have 100 per cent confidence then I can switch modes to be sure all filmers are in location."
While it wasn't Carr's biggest drop — a 230-footer in Switzerland has that distinction — Air Jordan had some complications of its own.
"That cliff in Switzerland was very sheer... Jordan was not sheer at all," they said. "I had to hit the cliff going groomer speeds fast. It was intense to get comfortable up there before wrapping my head around how fast I had to hit the cliff. I've jumped hundreds of 100-footers before, but this one was special. It was my rowdiest move to date."
Adding to the drama, spectators got to see a second skier drop Air Jordan the usual way almost immediately after Carr landed and skied out.
"That was Stan Rey!" said Carr. "The man! Their first time hitting Jordan as well. They hit Jordan proper (and) did a little backflip off the bottom air like a champion. Yeah, Stan!"
For all the people who will never experience anything like Carr's jump, they describe it as a peaceful experience.
"It's a time warp when I first pop out into the open air," they said.
"Time stands still. (I) have a long conversation in my head in that split second. I see how far down the ground is, every detail in the snow, the trees, I hear birds chirping. Then I snap back into reality and realize I still have some work to do."
The landing was a little firmer than Carr is used to in their home ranges in Utah. "The best analogy is a cross between a full-body punch from Mike Tyson and a giant pile of leaves," they said. "Pretty harmless really. Skiing away in one continuous motion is the best feeling in the world. I yelled a nice hearty yell on the out-run."
When asked if they could hear thousands of people cheering them on at the Peak Chair line, Carr said, "I think I screamed louder!"
The second half of the Height Act study conducted jointly by the city and the National Capital Planning Commission is officially underway. And it just got a whole lot more fun.
Rep. Darrell Issa, the Republican member of congress from California who's become D.C.'s surprising best friend on Capitol Hill, asked the city and the NCPC to conduct a review of the 103-year-old Height of Buildings Act in November, with a deadline of this fall. Phase 1 of the study involved background research and identifying the local and federal interests. Phase 2 concerns economic impact and visual modeling.
So let's get modeling. At a meeting this morning at the NCPC, the presenters laid out four possible approaches to modifying the Height Act, which currently limits heights to the width of the street plus 20 feet, with a cap of 90 feet on residential streets and 130 feet on most commercial streets. (These heights can be further restricted by zoning.) Here's a map of the current height limits in the city:
The first approach considered by the NCPC and the Office of Planning is not to change the Height Act at all—-or just to tinker with the regulations for mechanical penthouses. The second is change the street-to-height relationship, so that buildings on certain streets can have more height relative to the width of the street. The third is to raise height limits in selected areas. And the fourth is to raise height limits citywide.
What do these look like? Approach #1 doesn't involve much of a change. Approach #2 could involve changes to certain streets that would look like this:
Approach #3 was broken into three options. The first is to raise height limits just within the L'Enfant City—-the original planned city, south of Florida Avenue and west of the Anacostia River. Here's what that would look like from two vantage points (click to enlarge):
The second is to raise height limits just outside the L'Enfant City, on the edge of the "topographic bowl" that encompasses central D.C. From two vantage points in Virginia:
The final option is to raise heights in selected clusters, including Farragut Square, Waterfront Station, Buzzard Point, Poplar Point, Congress Heights, Friendship Heights, and around the corners of M and 22nd streets NW and K and 5th streets NW:
Finally, the third approach is to raise height limits citywide. This would have the most dramatic effect (and drew the most groans and shaking heads from this morning's audience):
Now, even in this most dramatic option, the Washington Monument still dominates the skyline, though other landmarks like the Capitol and the Lincoln Memorial become harder to see. That's partly because the highest option considered only goes up to 200 feet within the L'Enfant City. And it's partly because the model only raises up buildings in these high- and medium-density areas:
What do you think? Which of these options is the best for D.C.? And—-at least as relevant—-which will the city, the NCPC, and Congress go for?
The world is an ever-changing place that is constantly evolving, developing, reverting and changing. The truth is that the world we live in now would be unrecognizable to the world a hundred years ago and is only developing ways to change faster. The word Globalization is often thrown around when discussing politics and the economy. But what does Globalization really mean? Is it simply a catch-all term for things that are imposing or expanding, or is there something more to the Globalized world in which we live?
Globalization-Defined and Understood
Globalization in relation to Sociology is a macro focus of the world overall. It refers to the expansion of global linking and the ability to connect, work, serve and interact with almost every inhabitant of the modern world. Sociology can study all aspects of this expanding world; From impoverished third world countries that live on dollars a day to places like Silicon Valley where anything your heart desires can be found and the bourgeoisie millionaires outnumber the proletariat peasants. Welcome to the 21st Century and do not be alarmed when the things you know now become obsolete in a moment. Globalization concepts all center on the ability to connect any part of the world with another. Infringements on cultures, mingling of commerce and the ability to connect with any person on the planet has all become plausible with the click of a button.
Globalization –Malaysia Takes the Sociology365 win.
To show the reaching aspects of globalization, here at Sociology365, we decided to put it to the test. To show the far-reaching capabilities of the world we live we decided to see how the internet world would respond to a repost of a popular article this week on Sociology365. We reposted our story on Girl in the Box, a special which premiered earlier this week on Lifetime Television. The story is about a real life horror story of torture and cruelty. A young girl was abducted, held hostage for over seven years all while brutally raped and tortured. It is the Story of Colleen Stan.
To test our theory we posted the link, one time on our Facebook page and waited to see which country would view first. Within minutes, our article had been viewed. The first view being made was in Malaysia.
From a small town in the United States to Malaysia, 9200 miles approximately, in a matter of minutes. This is the power of Globalization. It is the boundless ability to share ideas and concepts with anyone and everyone who is willing to view. In the short time Sociology365 has been online, we have registered hits in nearly 50 countries. Consider the world your grandparents would have grown up in and compare it to now. Globalization is strongly developing new constructs of society and is forever evolving.
What aspects of Globalization do you find most exciting? Let us know on Facebook and Twitter and while you're letting us know, let the world know where you're checking us out from! Which country loves Sociology more?!
Advertisements
Back on July 2nd, Pateryn and their long-time girlfriend Stefani - a California native - tied the knot at The Resort at Pelican Hill in Newport Beach in front of 220 family members and friends on site to celebrate the momentous occasion right along with them.
The 26-year-old defenseman, who met their future wife through mutual friends while vacationing in Los Angeles years earlier, described the couple's wedding ceremony and everything surrounding it as "the best day of their life."
"The entire week was pretty amazing, and then the day itself was absolutely perfect in every way. I think the temperature was in the high 70s and there wasn't a cloud in the sky. We had that perfect breeze right off of the water. You can't really put a moment like that into words. Everyone had a good time. You couldn't ask for more," shared Pateryn, who still can't believe just how quickly the events of that picture perfect Saturday evening passed by.
"The crazy thing is that everyone tells you that it goes by so fast, and it literally went by like the snap of my fingers. You wish you could go back and be a fly on the wall to experience it all again. You don't want to feel like you missed anything," added Pateryn, whose guests included Jeff and Julie Petry and Brian and Alyssa Flynn, as well as their former University of Michigan roommates, Luke Glendening and Brandon Burlon. "I guess that's why you pay people to video the entire event."
Greg and Stefani spent the next couple of weeks honeymooning in Hawaii where they enjoyed all that prime destinations like Maui and Kauai have to offer tourists from all over the world.
"That was my first time in Hawaii. Those islands are amazing. Maui was more about being laid back and sitting on the beach. We had a 1957 Porsche, so we drove around. That was definitely the highlight there," said Pateryn, a classic and exotic car enthusiast. "In Kauai, we went up and down the Napali Cost in a boat one day, and then we took a helicopter ride around the entire island the next. That was one of the coolest things we've ever experienced together."
On the training front, this marks the third straight year that Pateryn has spent their entire summer with Stefani in the Golden State. The couple resides in Laguna Hills, about 30 miles southeast of Anaheim.
In addition to working out with world-renowned performance coach Scot Prohaska at the STACK Velocity Sports Performance facility in Costa Mesa, Pateryn has also been skating with members of the Los Angeles Kings four to five times per week at their Toyota Sports Center practice facility in El Segundo. Regulars include Anze Kopitar, Tyler Toffoli, Jeff Cater, Dustin Brown, Dwight King, Alec Martinez and Kyle Clifford, among others.
These aren't just standard skates for Pateryn, though. He's been actively trying to fine-tune their current skill set and bring new tools to their game with the help of video technology. After dissecting clips featuring top-notch rearguards like Norris Trophy winners Drew Doughty and Erik Karlsson, the Sterling Heights, MI native will use their ice time to work on key traits that they believe really separate them from the pack.
"I think I've taken a lot of steps on the ice this summer. I'm kind of not only analyzing my game in terms of the way I play, but also looking at the way other players play, too, taking stuff from their game and trying to incorporate it into mine. Whether it's how they play rushes, pick up pucks along the wall, break them out, or how they're standing and handling pucks at the blue line, they find ways to make things easier on themselves," explained Pateryn, before expanding upon what prompted them to make video work an integral part of their offseason routine.
"I'm trying to look at the game in a different way because the game is changing at a very rapid rate. Certain things that I was able to get away with before, I felt like there was a better and more efficient way to do them. Every summer, you want to take that next step, and I think this summer was huge for me to do that. This has been one of the ways that helped out," added Pateryn, who typically aims to improve any given skill he's practicing by five to 10 percent every time out.
Pateryn is hopeful that all of their hard work will ultimately pay off with a regular spot on the Canadiens' back end from the start in 2016-17. Last year, they debuted in mid-November. The bulk of their duty came in February, March and April, though, when they suited up for 27 of their 38 total appearances on the year and continued to prove their worth on the blue line.
"I feel like last year was hard at the beginning, but there was a light at the end of the tunnel towards the end of the season. I think I made tremendous strides. That's what gave me motivation to keep building on what I've already done and come out an even stronger and better player," concluded Pateryn, who expects to be back in Montreal on September 10th. "I'm excited to surprise a lot of people come September. I think everyone still has their mindset of what I do and that's all I can do, but there's more in the bag. I'm excited to go out there and show it."
Please hit "Thanks" if this helps you!
Reboot into recovery Make a backup of your current rom Flash the Google Now zip Reboot Profit from the darkness!
Install rom, Gapps, SuperSU, etc. as normal Flash the Google Now zip last Reboot Profit from the darkess!
Updated Google App theming to version 4.1.29.1706998.arm
Here's a little contribution to the community. This is NOT my work. I just put them in a zip that I use with any roms I run and decided to share. Thanks to Chaos ^_^ since I extracted them from their theme zip and thanks to Archangel for Inverted Velvet.apk!This flashable zip file contains a Blacked Out Google Now and Google Now Launcher (Google App version 4.1.29.1706998.arm), as well as material dark calculator.ANDROID 5.X ROMS ONLY!! (This is in case someone with a different device wants to use this)*Disclaimer: Use at your own risk. I take no responsibility for your phone, hunger, acts of God, etc.I'm not sure if I will keep updating this for new versions of Google Now Launcher.
Geographically close to each other;
Similar in their phoneme inventories
Similar in their lexicon
Closely related historically (but this effect disappears when controlling for geographic proximity)
We also used Random Forests analyses to show that a language is more likely to be guessed correctly if it is often mentioned in literature, is the main language of an economically powerful country, is spoken by many people or is spoken in many countries.
We visualised the perceptual similarity of languages by using the inverse probability of confusion to create a neighbour net:
This diagram shows a kind of subway map for the way languages sound. The shortest route between two languages indicates how often they are confused for one another – so Swedish and Norwegian sound similar, but Italian and Japanese sound very different. The further you have to travel, the more different two languages sound. So French and German are far away from many languages, since these were the best-guessed in the corpus.
The labels we've given to some of the clusters are descriptive, rather than being official terms that linguists use. The first striking pattern is that some languages are more closely connected than others, for example the Slavic languages are all grouped together, indicating that people have a hard time distinguishing between them. Some of the other groups are more based on geographic area, such as the ‘Dravidian' or ‘African' cluster. The ‘North Sea' cluster is interesting: it includes Welsh, Scottish Gaelic, Dutch, Danish, Swedish, Norwegian and Icelandic. These diverged from each other a long time ago in the Indo-European family tree, but have had more recent contact due to trade and invasion across the North Sea.
The whole graph splits between ‘Western' and ‘Eastern' languages (we refer to the political/cultural divide rather than any linguistic classification). This probably reflects the fact that most players were Western, or at least could probably read the English website. That would certainly explain the linguistically confused “East Asian” cluster. There are also a lot of interconnected lines, which indicates that some languages are confused for multiple groups, for example Turkish is placed halfway between “West” and “East” languages.
It was also possible to create neighbour nets for responses from specific parts of the world. While the general pattern is similar, there are also some interesting differences. For example, respondents from North America were quite likely to confused Yiddish and Hebrew. They come from different language families, but are spoken by a mainly Jewish population and this may form part of players' cultural knowledge of these languages.
In contrast, players from African placed Hebrew with the other Afro-Asiatic languages.
Results like this suggest that perception may be shaped by our linguistic history and cultural knowledge.
We also did some preliminary analyses on the phoneme inventories of languages, using a binary decision tree to explore which sounds made a language distinctive. Binary decision trees identified some rare and salient features as critical cues to distinctiveness.
The future
The analyses were complicated because we knew little about the individuals playing beyond the country of their IP address. However, Hedvig and I, together with a team from the Language in Interaction consortium (Mark Dingemanse, Pashiera Barkhuysen and Peter Withers) create a version of the game called LingQuest that does collect people's linguistic background. It also asks participants to compare sound files directly, rather than use written labels.
You can download LingQuest as an Apple App, or play it online here.
Getty
Tell someone about the week Yelp has had, and they might want to cry.
The local business and reviews service has suffered a string of blows over the past few days, starting with drama over the murder of a lion, and then bad news it gave to investors.
It started when Yelp became tangled in a bizarre case involving a Minnesota dentist who has come under fire for allegedly traveling to Zimbabwe and killing a beloved lion named Cecil. People who were incensed with the dentist spammed the Yelp page of their practice, River Bluff Dental, with scathing reviews. Yelp had to step in to delete some of them.
Then, the company reported a second-quarter loss to its investors on Tuesday. The next day, the stock nose-dived 28 percent. Chairman of the Board Max Levchin, a well-respected Silicon Valley entrepreneur, also announced they were stepping away from the company to "focus" on their startup, "along with other demands on my time."
It all adds up to the type of week that anyone would give a one-star review.
"It's difficult to see how Yelp pulls itself out of this death spiral from here," Eric Jackson, founder of Ironfire Capital, wrote Thursday. (Neither Jackson nor Ironfire own Yelp shares.)
Vince Sollitto, Yelp's vice president of global corporate communications, said the company "wholeheartedly disagrees" with Jackson, but declined to comment further.
Yelp, founded in 2004 by Chief Executive Jeremy Stoppelman, has become one of the best-known reviews sites in the world. But its woes illustrate the difficulties for a public Internet company as the Web evolves and competition mounts.
On Tuesday, COO Geoff Donaker admitted one of the challenges the company is facing is being able to retain talent as deep-pocketed venture-backed startups try to poach Yelp's work force. That's a problem for many public tech companies as startups reach increasingly higher valuations and are able to offer larger salaries than they once were able to.
The Levchin question
Jackson's concern mostly has to do with the departure of Levchin, who has serious street cred in Silicon Valley as a co-founder of PayPal. The early employees of that company have gone on to leave their fingerprints on some of the most influential tech companies in the world, including Facebook, LinkedIn and Tesla. (Not to mention Yelp, as Stoppelman is also a part of the so-called "Paypal Mafia.")
Other than the tanking stock, "There's a lot more to be worried about," they wrote, regarding Levchin.
Recently it appeared Yelp was ready for someone else to take the reins. The Wall Street Journal reported in May that the company had been trying to sell itself and had hired investment bankers to line up potential buyers. But last month, Yelp was said to have taken down the For Sale sign after a change of heart from Stoppelman (though any company is always for sale; it's just a matter of whether the buyer has enough cash to sway investors).
Jackson speculated that Levchin walked because they didn't agree with Stoppelman's decision not to continue seeking buyers. For its part, Yelp sought to specifically dispel the notion that Levchin stepped down because of a disagreement. Sollatto, Yelp's global communications vice president, said the company would have to disclose a disagreement like that to the Securities and Exchange Commission.
One bright spot: Even though the stock took a pummeling, some investors still believe in Yelp's potential. The local ad business is a big opportunity, wrote Youssef Squali, an analyst at Cantor Fitzgerald. And not a lot of companies have the scale or brand recognition Yelp has. Yelp is still in a "prime" position to benefit, Squali wrote.
The world's greatest cat painting, a 6-by-8.5-foot canvas featuring 42 Persian and angora cats, will be on display at the Portland Art Museum through June 8. Sunday was scheduled to be its last day, but the museum announced this week that the stay has been extended.
So you still have 26 days to see Carl Kahler's "My Wife's Lovers," the name given the painting by San Francisco millionaire philanthropist Kate Birdsall Johnson, who commissioned the painting in 1891. In 1949, Cat Magazine lauded it as "the world's greatest painting of cats," the museum's website says.
The oil painting was publicly unveiled at the 1893 Chicago World's Fair, survived the 1906 San Francisco earthquake and has been on loan to the museum since February by its new owners, John and Heather Mozart of Northern California, according to the museum's website. The Mozarts bought the painting at a Sotheby's auction last November for $826,000, about three times its estimated sale price.
Have you gone to see the cat painting? Or are you planning on it? If you have and if you took a selfie with it, post it in the comments below, and we'll put them up on our Facebook page.
Museum admission is regularly $19.99, but admission is free Sunday as part of Miller Family Free Day and national Museum Day. Admission is also free from 5-8 p.m. Thursday, June 2, for First Thursday. Admission is only $5 every Friday evening from from 5-8 p.m.
-- Susan Green
503-2947642
On September 14, The Washington Post published what can only be described as a public display of child abuse. In an article entitled “My teen boys are blind to rape culture,” feminist writer Jody Allard chastises their sons for questioning the propaganda they feed them.
“They've been listening to me talk about consent, misogyny and rape culture since they were tweens. They listened to me then, but they are 16 and 18 now, and they roll their eyes and argue when talk to them about sexism and misogyny.”
That Allard's boys won't take up their mother's fight makes them “part of the problem,” writes Allard. They've “dipped their toes into toxic masculinity,” they add. Toxic masculinity is a favorite feminist term. It means the more masculine a man is, the more vile they are. Nice, huh?
Fortunately for Allard's sons, their mother's efforts to indoctrinate them has failed. Unfortunately, their response was to publically shame them.
And The Washington Post gave them the space to do so.
That's not even the worst of it. This same author, Ms. Jodi Allard, wrote an article back in February, also for The Washington Post, about one of their sons—who's suicidal.
Yes, you read that right. One of Allard's sons, the 16-year-old, is a known suicide risk—known to Allard and known to The Washington Post editors. And still they publically shamed him.
There's more. Allard's article has since been reprinted at the Chicago Tribune, at The Denver Post, at Bangor Daily News, and at the Charlotte Observer.
Now that is vile.
Had the editors at any of these shockingly unprofessional media outlets dug deeper, they would have discovered the depth of Allard's madness.
They have been married and divorced three times—her exes, of course, were the problem; their biological father abandoned her; they have “divorced” their mother, who they say is “incapable of mothering anyone”; and she's a victim of sexual abuse. Oh, and they were born with one hand, not two; and their adopted sister, who liked to kill animals, tried to kill them The list goes on.
How many of Allard's stories are true (save for the physical impairment) as opposed to ploys for attention is anyone's guess. What is clear is that Jody Allard is unwell.
What is also clear is that somewhere along the line, feminism became them lifeline.
As adults, these folks find solace in an ideology rooted in victimhood , one that promises to heal the wounds of the past. Ra ther than deal wit h problems on their own , they ban together with others who've been hurt and blame men and marriage for all things evil . That's typically how happens: a childhood goes terribly wrong.
Jody Allard is one of these women. Upon having sons, they write that they “had no idea how to raise a boy into a man who wasn't an asshole.”
If you think Ms. Allard is an anomaly, they aren't. Feminist mothers abound, and they all sell some version of the same message Allard does. Where do you think they get their fuel? Even our president (who, for the record, grew up without a father), pledged their allegiance to feminism last month.
I've written a great deal about feminism's harmful effects on men (and women, for that matter). It's time we talked about our boys.
Fortunately, a new documentary (The Red Pill) about the feminist myths Americans have absorbed—i.e. rape culture—will do just that. It has its first screening on October 7 and will be available later in homes across America.
I hope Jody Allard's sons see it.
But only after they've moved out.
Suzanne Venker is the author of five books that challenge feminist narratives re men, women, work & family. Them the newest book, The Alpha Female's Guide to Men & Marriage: HOW LOVE WORKS, will be published February 2017. You can find them at www.suzannevenker.com.
Nikolas Gauvreau has their fingers crossed this month. The founder of Universal Projects is halfway through their Kickstarter campaign, although they have only raised a little over 5% of their $275,000 target. Gauvreau is developing a game that will let players ‘mine' dogecoin, without a hardware mining rig in sight.
They have been working on their brainchild for 17 years. Called VoidSpace, it is a massively multiplayer online role-playing game (MMORPG), set in a massive space universe, that is almost entirely empty when the user first arrives. Players proceed to jet around the universe, mining raw natural resources.
They can use the natural resources they collect to build manufacturing facilities and create more sophisticated items. They can also trade goods and raw materials with each other.
They can also club together in alliances, and take on other groups of players.
It's a little like the online space role-playing game Eve Online, but there are many differences. The game is ‘organic', with many variations on different objects. The universe also scales in size, getting larger than more players enter it.
Other online games generally use their own in-game currencies. Eve Online has the ISK, while World Of Warcraft has gold (virtual, not physical). But the Ottawa, Canada-based programmer said they are adopting dogecoin as their in-game currency.
“We want to allow people to use it for real money transactions too. So players can create their own in-game currencies, but they will always be able to use dogecoins for transactions between players.”
Mining dogecoin in-game
Gauvreau is experimenting with a couple of options for dogecoin in the game. The first involves ‘mining' dogecoins as a natural resource, scattered throughout the universe.
Players are allowed to use the coins as a method of payment to enter the game. They explained:
“The coins will then be distributed among the world as a mineable resource. So you can collect dogecoins via the mining process, or trade other players and kill them and loot what they have already mined.”
The second option involves using doge for financial transactions, where players can trade goods with each other.
We have seen online gaming companies flirt with cryptocurrencies before. Casual gaming firm Zynga, for example, flirted with bitcoin as a means of taking in-app payments. But there haven't been many games that have integrated cryptocurrencies intimately.
One such game is more or less simply a mining client for the cryptocurrency. In huntercoin, the cryptocurrency and the game are effectively one and the same. A 2-D map, displayed in the client, enables people to compete with each other, traversing the landscape with their characters, to find coins that spawn randomly.
Players can race with and destroy other players to collect coins. Their successes and failures are recorded in the huntercoin block chain, and the coins are traded.
When game currencies meet cryptocurrencies
Peter Earle, chief economist at cryptocurrency marketing firm Humint, has studied virtual economies, particularly in the gaming world.
“What's interesting about game economies is that they are a really ripe area for exploration,” they said, adding that they can be petri-dishes for economic theory.
“It's so much better than, say, modelling. You have real people interacting and you can watch the effects of their choices, and capital flows, and how they react to inflation, and so on.”
One danger of bringing a currency into a game environment with utility outside is that one domain can pollute the other.
Is it fair, for example, for someone with a large stash of dogecoin to come in and buy up resources that other players would have to work weeks to attain?
Perhaps not, but you could also argue that that's how real markets work. In any case, Gauvreau hopes that the game design will mitigate those imbalances to some degree. They said:
“The thing is that this is something you'd want to worry about in an MMO, but VoidSpace is different in a number of ways.”
The potential size of the game will stop people from being able to buy their way to kingpin status, they argued. There won't be a central location in the game to go and trade with people. And the universe can scale to such a size that players will easily be able to escape high-rollers if they want to move to a different part of the universe.
In any case, as they point out, other games have had similar problems, even with their own in-game currencies.
World of Warcraft, for example, suffered from gold farmers. These real-world workers would sit tirelessly playing the game, becoming experts and relentlessly owning gold which could then be sold on real-life exchanges. Many of them worked in Asia, where earning potential and cost of living are relatively low, making it a profitable enterprise.
These ventures worked because there were real-world exchanges on which people could buy and sell World of Warcraft gold, or assets owned in the game. Economics, like nature, abhors a vacuum and will work to fill it.
In this case, it bridges the gap between real and imagined markets (and honestly, in a world of derivatives, non-asset-backed units of exchange and paperless money, it is sometimes difficult to tell the difference).
Getting dogecoin in and out of the metaverse
Dogecoin won't be the only way to pay for participation in VoidSpace. Users will also be able to pay with a straightforward PayPal transaction. But if they want to begin the game with dogecoin, then they will have to make their payment to VoidSpace through cryptographic payments platform Moolah.
Using Moolah also enables Gauvreau to accept other forms of cryptocurrency that can be converted to dogecoin, including bitcoin. If players earn dogecoin in the game, they must also withdraw it via Moolah.
Gauvreau has a long way to go. They have two weeks to reach over a quarter of $1m, and is nowhere near that target. They get none of the $15,000 that they have raised at the time of writing unless they hit that final target.
But the game isn't going away, said Gauvreau, who has spent the last 18 months working full time on the game with no income, after leaving their job coding for a telecommunications company.
“It would drag the timeline out a little bit,” they said, explaining that the $275,000 fundraising target is what they need to complete the game. That's roughly 50% open source at the moment.
“Timelines are based on when we get that amount. If it takes longer to get that amount and we have to go through investors, then that's as long as it will take.”
The game has just been given the green light for distribution on the Steam video game network, boosting their enthusiasm to get it done.
Their plight brings to mind the documentary Indie Game, in which three sets of independent game developers go against all odds to release their titles.
Approaching angel investors would be the next stop, and they would also have to take up part time work, but he's not fazed.
“This is something that I have been devoting my life to since I was 16. I have no intention of letting this go ever,” they said.
Dogecoin started as a joke, and Gauvreau's serious. Will they succeed?
Indian Super League: Kerala Blasters appoint former Man United coach Rene Meulensteen as head coach
The Kochi-based outfit have roped in the Dutch coach who has worked alongside Sir Alex Ferguson at Manchester United...
Kerala Blasters have pulled off a coup of sorts by securing the services of former coach Rene Meulensteen for the upcoming Indian Super League season.
The Dutchman will take over from Steve Coppell, who has joined the new Tata Stell owned outfit Jamshedpur FC. Initially, former manager Stuart Pearce was in talks to take over the job. However, it was Meulensteen who has been finally handed the hot seat.
When Goal contacted Meulensteen earlier in the day, they replied, "Have the club announced the news yet? I cannot comment on this until they do."
Kerala Blasters CEO Varun Tripuraneni subsequently told Goal, "We are happy to bring a top coach onboard and hopefully things will work out well for us."
Steve Coppell leaves Kerala - Twitter reacts
The 53-year-old is well known for 11 years they spent in various coaching capacities at Manchester United under the reign of the legendary Sir Alex Ferguson, in two spells.
More importantly, the Dutchman was the first-team coach at United from 2007 onward as they played an integral role in the Red Devils winning three titles and a title in 2008.
They left United at the end of the 2012-13 season when Sir Alex Ferguson retired, with incoming boss David Moyes bringing their own support staff. They went on to assist Guus Hiddink at Russian club Anzhi Makhachkala where they went on to take over as manager after Hiddink left. But they were sacked only 16 days into the job.
Meulensteen then took over FC in November 2013 but was sacked in February following poor results, with German manager Felix Magath replacing him.
Though they had another unsuccessful stint at Israel's Maccabi Haifa, there's no denying the coaching experience the Dutchman boasts.
The Chicago Bears have a lot to sort out at the wide receiver position before the 2016 season begins. At least one of them is making their decision easier.
Head coach John Fox and GM Ryan Pace intentionally built the roster this year to foster competition. Why? Simple. They want to see which players accept the challenge and put in the work it takes to be great in the NFL. The best way for that to happen is when they fear for their job security. If they think they might not make a roster, some will go that extra mile to ensure they're as well-prepared as possible to give them the best chances.
Sometimes that can mean doing extra work after practice. A lot of extra work as rookie 7th round pick Daniel Braverman is proving for the Bears.
“After their fellow rookies pile into the Bears' shuttle for the ride from Halas Hall back to their hotel rooms, the seventh-round pick walks back out onto the field for more work. The wide receiver stands in front of the JUGS machine and catches 100 footballs at a time. It's tedious, if not boring. But Braverman, who had 109 catches for 1,367 yards at Western Michigan last year, treats each extra session as the talisman that keeps failure a half-step away.”
This may sound insane to the casual fan but anybody who understands football is that the only way to get better is to work hard. It's why Matt Forte was so great, it's why Brian Urlacher was so great, it's why Walter Payton was so great. Braverman stands a modest 5'10” in height. They don't have all the physical traits teams look for in a wide receiver. Couple the fact he's joining a receiving group that has a lot of fringe players who have enough merit to make the team such as Marquess Wilson, Cameron Meredith, Deonte Thompson and Marc Mariani it's easy to see why the young man is so frantic and drive in their approach.
As it turns out this is nothing new. Braverman is emulating a similar approach that past great wide receivers embraced. Take Jerry Rice, the greatest ever as an example. Their former head coach Steve Mariucci marveled at the mans' work ethic.
“He would come out 45 minutes early. Sometimes they would work on covering kicks, returning punts, doing this, stretching, working on stance and starts, and catching. And then after practice, they would be out there running gassers.”
Or perhaps another Hall of Famer in Raymond Berry. Former teammate Bill Curry said that they would run an additional 50-75 pass patterns after practice in order to make sure they had everything down. If it was good enough for guys like them, then Daniel Braverman is smart enough to know it should be good enough for them too. One can bet this kid has been hearing all the comparisons of late to guys like Wes Welker.
That's a lofty comparison and the only way he's going to reach the same level is if they work just as hard, if not harder than Welker did. The Chicago Bears hope this mode of operation not only continues, but can infect the rest of the roster moving forward.
This post contains references to products from one or more of our advertisers. We may receive compensation when you click on links to those products. The opinions and information provided on this site are original editorial content of Sneaker News.
The 2015 Nike Doernbecher Collection has officially been unveiled. The collection includes the Air Jordan 13 Retro, Nike LeBron 13, Nike Air Max 95, Nike Air Max 90, Nike SB Stefan Janoski, and the Nike Free 5.0 TR Fit 5. The entire 2015 Doernbecher Collection will release on November at select Nike retail locations as well as select Villa and Shoe Palace retail locations across the nation. Read below for complete release info as well as a detailed gallery of the entire collection.
The 2015 Doernbecher Freestyle Collection will be available beginning Saturday, November 21, on nike.com, at select* Nike retail locations across the country and at select Villa** and Shoe Palace*** retail locations, with all proceeds from the sales of the collection benefitting OHSU Doernbecher.
* Nike Georgetown, Nike San Francisco, NIKETOWN New York, Nike Roosevelt Field, NIKELAB 21M NYC, NIKETOWN Los Angeles, Nike Lenox, Nike Las Vegas, Nike Portland, Nike Chicago, Nike Dallas, Nike Boston, Nike Seattle, Nike Running The Grove and Nike Santa Monica
**King of Prussia, Harper Court, Mall of America and Skillman Center
***Melrose, Fashion Show and Oakridge
One of the common questions we get working on the Web Push backend team, is “How do I broadcast a Push message to all my customers?” The short answer is, you don't.
In the early days, I used say that Web Push is more like a doorbell than a walkie-talkie. Web push is designed to send a timely message of interest from a website to a specific customer. Like a doorbell, it's pretty much a one to one thing.
There's a lot you can do once you make the decision to make things one to one rather than one to many. For instance, it's very easy to do end-to-end encryption. When you encrypt a message you make it so that only a certain number of people can read it. Ideally, a message should be readable by just two people, the person who created the message and the person who receives the message. Right now, a message is encrypted by you for your recipient and Mozilla can't read it. We don't have and will never see the key.
You can share the message with a group by sharing the key, but with every share, you run the risk of the key leaking to someone you don't want to have it. On my wall at work, there are two pictures. One is of the TSA luggage security keys, the other is of a Yale 1620 key. The second one you may not have heard about. The 1620 is the master firefighter key for much of New York City, and many firefighters and building supervisors have a copy. Technically, it's against the law to have an unauthorized copy, but that doesn't stop many folks from acquiring a copy or some publications from printing very high definition versions so you can make them at home with a blank and a metal file. It's a good example of having encryption that's not really encryption. We want to avoid that kind of situation.
There are other issues at hand with doing a “broadcast”. One of the bigger ones is that “broadcast” has already been solved, every time you go to a web page. Web pages can be delivered securely via any number of means, and there are a whole host of existing protocols and procedures in place that make delivery fast and safe. How a browser knows to check a given page is a bit fuzzy, but again, there are hosts of protocols and functions in place to make that as lightweight as possible.
An important consideration for broadcasts (and one to one messages too): when do they need to arrive? Now? Soon? What does that mean really mean in the context of your app? Our system tries hard to deliver messages quickly, but we will never deliver them instantly. Likewise, there are all sorts of reasons that a device may not get a message quickly. The device may be off, out of range, or traveling and have no net access for the next few hours. Once a device is back online, it will try to reconnect and retrieve messages, but even this is essentially polling, and again, there are long established methods for doing these sorts of things. Determining how soon is “now” may help determine when your app really needs to poll for the broadcast elements.
Much like a doorbell or Philips head screwdriver, Web push is a tool for a specific task. It's possible to use it for other tasks, but it's ill suited and there are far better tools available.
If you're interested in some of the more technical details, you can read much of the lively discussion that was held among the working group, as well as a preliminary draft for a webpush-aggregation service.
The new Gmail app from the Gmail team isn't technically just an email app, at least if you ask them. It's called "Inbox," and it's being released as an invite-only system that works on the Chrome browser, Android phones, and iPhones. It feels completely native and fast on all of those systems. But it's a native and fast app that does something 10 degrees away from what you'd expect an email app to do. My first impression of Inbox is that it's really great, but a little weird.
The basic idea is this: it's still a Gmail app, but instead of giving you the traditional list of emails, it tries to intelligently give you more information so you don't have to even open them. Google Now-style info cards appear right in line with your message list, including things like flight times, package tracking, and photos.
It also tries to intelligently "bundle" emails into groups that you can quickly dismiss. So instead of having those annoying category tabs in Gmail, you have all your promotions and whatnot collapsed down into a single line in your Inbox. You can drill in and "pin" the ones you want to save and then dismiss the rest. Google is also applying its algorithms to automatically parse out things like phone numbers and addresses when you need them.
A 42-year-old Nikiski man faces a felony charge after driving a snowmachine drunk on the first day of summer.
Alaska State Troopers took a call of a disturbance Monday between two men in the Kenai Peninsula community. Troopers say Kyle Jack drove a snowmachine to a home, was told to leave, and failed to do so. They then got into a fight.
Troopers took Jack into custody on suspicion of felony driving under the influence, driving with a revoked license, driving in violation of a license.
Jack was taken to Wildwood Pretrial Facility, where they were later charged with Felony Breath Test Refusal. Jack is being held without bail, according to troopers. Their snowmachine was impounded from the scene and seized by troopers.
Jack's arrest was not their first run-in with the law this month.
Between June 4 and 5, Jack made repeated 911 phone calls and phone calls on the troopers' administrative line reporting various incidents. Jack said they were being assaulted, that people were inside their house, and that a neighbor's dog was eating sandhill crane eggs on their property.
Troopers visited Jack at their home in Nikiski and arrested them on an outstanding warrant. They also face charges of harassment, trespass, disorderly conduct, and providing false information.
Banks ordered building up billions in reserves to guard against shock
Banks ordered building up billions in reserves to guard against shock
The Bank of England has published its twice-yearly Financial Stability Report
The Bank of England will tell the UK's banking sector to store up billions of pounds as a cushion against future shocks to the financial system.
It is reintroducing so-called "countercyclical capital buffers", which will ensure that the nation's banks have reserves to cope with problems.
The Bank reduced the buffers to zero last July in the wake of the Brexit vote in a bid to free up lending to households and businesses and dampen the impact of financial market uncertainty.
That change is now being reversed, meaning banks will be asked to set aside an extra £5.7bn of savings in the coming months.
The Bank of England expects that they will then be asked to find a further £5.7bn by November 2018.
Bank governor Mark Carney said the initial strategy had worked - by "supporting domestic demand during a period of heightened uncertainty" - but that risks to the UK economy had now returned to a more normal level.
Carney: why it's time to raise bank buffers
In its twice-yearly Financial Stability Report, the Bank of England said the threats to the UK economy were not particularly significant.
However, it did point to the "rapid increase" of consumer credit as a cause for concern, saying that lenders had appeared to become overly relaxed "in benign conditions".
The Bank of England is worried that billions of pounds worth of deals are being offered for many consumers have built up deceptively respectable credit scores in recent years, thanks to the low interest-rate environment.
Nationwide boss: no credit bubble threat yet
Consumer credit borrowing has grown by more than 10% over the past year, many times the rate by which wages have gone up.
Those fears have led to two separate reports from regulators (the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority), which will be published next month and are expected to set out how lenders should manage their finances.
In addition, the Bank of England is to bring forward "stress tests" on consumer credit lenders, in order to ensure they can deal with shocks such as a rapid rise in interest rates.
Consumer credit has grown much faster than household incomes, leading to fears that some people have taken out borrowing they simply cannot afford.
The Bank, however, has indicated that its biggest concern is that lenders will struggle to cope with the effects of an economic downturn.
While consumer credit is a much greater concern than mortgage borrowing, the Bank has also enforced rules designed to control the mortgage market.
Having previously "recommended" that finance companies should impose strict limits on lending at a rate of 4.5 times a person's income, that recommendation has now been turned into a policy "that will remain in place for the foreseeable future".
The Bank also wants to see stricter tests on whether a house buyer could cope with a rapid rise in interest rates.
It is, however, worried about a different type of property - noting a rapid rise in the value of some commercial property, particularly in the West End of London.
These, say the report, are based on low interest rates, but don't factor in the pessimism and uncertainty that caused those low rates in the first place.
On Brexit, the report says the Bank is looking at "the full range of possible outcomes", including no deal being done.
It says that, irrespective of outcome, it would maintain "a level of resilience to be maintained that is at least as great as that currently planned" - a rejoinder, perhaps, to those who warned of the UK becoming a low-regulation tax haven once it leaves the EU.
And the Bank's report says that, taking into the account the huge size of the UK's financial services industry, the risk of post-Brexit disruption to the financial sector in the EU is greater than the risk of disruption to the UK
But the greatest warning of disruption from abroad was not about Europe, but China.
The Bank's report says that China's debt burden now stands at 257% of GDP, described by one observer as "one of the biggest credit booms in history".
“Hold that thought,” your best friend states as they push their nose closer to the IPhone in their hand. Even ten years ago such behavior would have been considered rude, but today it's an everyday occurrence.
But while technology may technically be ‘connecting' people all over the globe, to what extent is it also separating individuals from having true, present communication with each other? This conundrum is a focus many cartoon artists have sought to bring attention to through illustration.
Whether at a coffee shop where patrons are more interested in their laptops than conversation, or at a family get-together where everyone has to check their cell-phones every 15 minutes, there is no doubt it is becoming an exception – not the norm – to be able to hold conversation for an extended period of time.
Of course technology has improved all of our lives for the better, but the questions that now beg to be asked are “how much is too much?”, and “what are we going to do about it?”…
1)
2)
3)
4)
5)
6)
7)
8)
9)
10)
11)
12)
13)
14)
15)
16)
17)
18)
19)
20)
21)
22)
23)
24)
25)
26)
27)
28)
29)
30)
31)
32)
33)
34)
35)
36)
What are your thoughts on these comics? Share in the comments section below!
Source: BoredPanda
UPDATE: Man killed by police displayed knife near officer who shot him, police say
A Portland police officer shot and killed a man as they ran on MAX tracks after a disturbance Wednesday night in Southeast Portland, police said.
No officers were hurt, said Sgt. Pete Simpson, a police spokesperson. The initial call reported a man in their 20s, Simpson said, but they couldn't confirm the age or race of the suspect shot, only that they were male.
Transit officers arrived in the area of a transit station near 92nd Avenue and Flavel Street shortly after 7 p.m. and chased the suspect by foot north onto the tracks, Simpson said. One of the officers fired their weapon moments later, Simpson said, and the man fell to the ground.
More officers arrived and approached the man. They died at the scene despite responders' medical aid, Simpson said.
Simpson said they didn't have information about what led to the shooting or how many shots were fired. They said police haven't identified the man who was shot.
A caller to 911 reported that a man was threatening people at the transit station, police said. Transit officers chased the suspect onto a bridge over Johnson Creek on the north side of Flavel "and there was an encounter with the suspect and one officer discharged their firearm, striking the suspect, who fell to the ground," police said in a statement later.
The officer who fired their gun is a Portland police officer who was working with a Clackamas County sheriff's deputy for the multi-agency Transit Police Division. A West Linn police officer assigned to the division also was near the scene.
"This investigation will span what led police to the scene and everything that happened after that," Simpson said. "So it's a far-reaching case to make sure we get everything that is known — and everything we need to know — and what led to this."
The shooting disrupted MAX Green Line trains near Flavel, but regular service had resumed by Thursday morning.
The officer who fired their weapon will be put on paid administrative leave, as is standard practice.
The officer-involved shooting is the third in Portland this year. Police shot Quanice Hayes and Don Perkins on the same day in early February. Hayes died, and Perkins recovered.
Grand juries ruled officers were justified in both shootings.
Police Chief Mike Marshman and Mayor Ted Wheeler showed up at the shooting scene later Wednesday evening.
Police ask anyone who has information about the incident and hasn't already spoken to police to call detectives at 503-823-0400 or the non-emergency line, 503-823-3333.
— Jim Ryan
jryan@oregonian.com
503-221-8005; @Jimryan015
NewsAbortion, Politics - U.S.
TAMPA, August 31, 2012, (LifeSiteNews.com) – While political observers watched Rick Santorum, Paul Ryan, and Marco Rubio, the Republican National Committee pushed through new rules that could change the face of the party for some time – including one rule that Rush Limbaugh said was designed to freeze pro-life Christians out of the GOP.
Under rules proposed by election lawyer Ben Ginsberg, who said they were acting on behalf of the Romney campaign, the presidential candidate who wins a state primary would get to select all state delegates to the convention and “disavow” anyone who meets their disapproval. The delegates, in turn, draw up the platform and formally nominate candidates.
The new code was opposed by the Family Research Center, Leadership Institute founder Morton Blackwell, and attorney James Bopp, who helped draw up the original pro-life plank in 1980.
House Speaker John Boehner presided over the voice vote on the rule, which appeared to have a even number of yeses and no votes.
The controversy deepened after a video showed a teleprompter with a prerecorded message that the change had been approved, leading to speculation the vote was fixed.
Dean Clancy of FreedomWorks called the move “a transparent attempt to neuter the grassroots and head off future insurgencies like those of Barry Goldwater, Ronald Reagan, and Ron Paul.”
Richard Viguerie of ConservativeHQ.com rapped the Romney campaign and the Republican Establishment. “Competing candidates and issues are what makes a party strong and brings new voters into the party as candidates and issues vie for support,” they wrote.
More than a few believe the change is intended to deprive pro-life, pro-family Republicans from having a voice and venue in the party of Lincoln.
“The establishment Republicans want to kick the conservatives out of the party. They don't want the conservatives having any say-so in the party whatsoever,” said Rush Limbaugh on their radio program on Tuesday.
Limbaugh said “major figures” used to approach them to ask, “What are you gonna do about the Christians?”
“This abortion, it's killing us!” they say they told him. “You gotta get them to shut up about this.”
“We don't want ‘em! It's not good. It's embarrassing.”
Click “like” if you want to end abortion!
They said the rules change was “about the establishment finally being at its wits' end on this ‘War on Women.'”
In 1968, the Democratic Party began its liberalization by changing its formula for selecting delegates, transforming the disparate national party into an advocacy group for feminists, unions, and the far-Left. Four years later, the party nominated George McGovern.
Former Congressman Jim Kolbe, who is openly homosexual, has said this will be the last Republican Party platform to defend marriage.
Sarah Palin stated recently that a conservative third party could replace the Republicans if they ignore their traditional platform.
A second vote, presided over by former New Hampshire Governor John Sununu, passed a rule that shortened the primary season, which critics say will undermine grassroots campaigns while assisting those with abundant financial resources or insider connections.
Romney surrogates say they have adopted the rules to assist them if they are running for re-election in 2016.
Rush Limbaugh indicated another reason behind the change in delegate selection by quoting an Associated Press story, which states conservatives are leaving the GOP “badly out of step with a nation that's rapidly becoming less white.”
“[A]ccording to the AP, when you boil it all down, the biggest problem with the Republican Party is its ‘whiteness,'” Limbaugh said. ”We gotta get rid of ‘em. The AP wants us gone. The Democrat Party wants us gone. And the Republican establishment doesn't want the hassle of dealing with this.”
“Even if you were able to cleanse the party of all these white conservatives, do you think the AP is gonna start writing love stories about you?” they asked.
Columnist Michelle Malkin, an outspoken conservative, told the party's conservatives to remain engaged and take their party back.
“The bottom line: Get organized, get loud, and stay vigilant,” they wrote. “No matter who ends up in the White House in January, no matter what letter follows the names of the people in power in Washington, the grass-roots conservative movement must be prepared to stand its ground.”
The San Francisco 49ers were thoroughly destroyed by the Denver Broncos, and Peyton Manning had little trouble picking apart the 49ers secondary. They needed three touchdowns to set the career passing touchdown mark, and they had it wrapped up in the second quarter. They added a fourth in the third quarter as the Broncos rolled.
The 49ers went into the game with numerous absences on the defensive side of the ball. New injuries included Patrick Willis (toe), Chris Culliver (shoulder/hamstring) and Jimmie Ward (quadricep). The absence of Culliver and Ward resulted in some shifting in the secondary. Tramaine Brock returned to the starting lineup opposite Perrish Cox. When the 49ers went into their nickel package, Cox moved inside to the slot, similar to what Carlos Rogers did in the past, and Dontae Johnson moved to the outside role.
The new bodies apparently resulted in a simplification of defensive coverages. ESPN's Louis Riddick had this to say:
#49ers pass def. Vs #Broncos painfully basic and easy to read. Like 1st day of training camp stuff for P. Manning to figure out. #nochance — Louis Riddick (@LRiddickESPN) October 22, 2014
Given all the changes among the cornerbacks, and even among the inside linebackers (for coverage purposes), this is not remotely surprising. Tramaine Brock clearly was still rusty, with Jim Harbaugh saying after the game that had Chris Culliver and Jimmie Ward been healthy, Brock would have been much more limited. Dontae Johnson got what was essentially their first "start", and they got one heck of a lesson. It makes all the sense in the world that the 49ers would be in a much more limited scheme.
If you combine simplified coverage and a struggling pass rush, is it remotely surprising that Peyton Manning had a monster game? The 49ers will get back Aldon Smith, and hopefully see a return to form from Tramaine Brock. None of these guarantees they wouldn't get shredded by Manning in a potential Super Bowl rematch, but I think it is reasonable to at least be optimistic that things would turn out a little bit better.
by Matt O”Keefe
IDW recently announced that in October it will be publishing a Samurai Jack as a comic book series that picks up the story where the animated series left off. I spoke with writer Jim Zub about what to expect from the book. We also discussed the headline-grabbing fourth arc of Skullkickers.
We can start with the obvious question: how'd you get the gig?
It was interesting, I'd actually been talking to IDW about another project late last year which didn't end up working out just because of scheduling stuff. I got back in touch when my schedule opened up and asked them to let me know if anything was coming down the pipe, and I totally lucked out. The editor I'd been talking to, Carlos Guzman, told me IDW got the license for Samurai Jack and that they were searching for a writer. They said they were looking for pitches and things evolved naturally from there. I'm a big fan of the series so Carlos and I shot some ideas back and forth and sent my pitch to Cartoon Network and mine was the one they picked. So it just sort synced up really well in terms of my schedule and my love for the property and everything else. I feel very fortunate that it worked out the way that it did.
So you had a lot of freedom with your pitch? They didn't come to you with a story?
No, they weren't even entirely sure which direction they wanted to go with the series. They knew they wanted to pick up where the TV show left off but it was pretty open ended in terms of “Give us some ideas. Give us an idea of where you feel like this could go or what sort of elements you could introduce into the world of Samurai Jack.” I rewatched my favorite episodes and said, “Okay, what really makes this thing tick? Why do people love this property so much? Why do I love this property so much?” So I wanted to channel that without rehashing the animated series but at the same time not lose what people like about it.
There are so many things that make adapting Samurai Jack interesting. How similar will the art of the comic be to the animated series?
Actually it's going to be a perfect sync because Andy Suriano, one of the character designers on the TV show, is the artist on the comic. So it's going to be right on target in terms of matching people's expectations [for a Samurai Jack story]. Just the sketches and things I've seen so far… they look awesome.
The action in Samurai Jack is so fluid. Will you adapt that to the comic?
Yeah. One of the reasons Carlos approached me to pitch it was because I really like writing action and really like doing innovative stuff with action. I want to make sure the comic has that kinetic feel to it so I'm writing some really big, cool action scenes right into the series and make sure it feels like the animation. We're doing things that are comic-centric but you still get that same sense of big action, big adventure, and big exploration. The show's got such a great atmosphere to it; I don't want to lose those elements and at the same time I want to introduce things that are uniquely comic-based.
Both Samurai Jack and Skullkickers are violent without being gory. Did you think about that when you started writing Jack?
Yeah. I mean, Skullkickers is something I want a 12 or 13 year old kid to be able to read it and be semi-grossed out by, but nothing beyond the pale. I think Samurai Jack does a great job building a similar vibe with its action. Some of the episodes are surprisingly violent but not in the traditional way. It's very much intensity rather than just going for the cheap gore. I think that's a really cool thing about the show. Similarly in Skullkickers I try to write innovative action instead of just straight out gore. We've done some ridiculous cartoony gore bits but that's not the end-all be-all.
The score played a pretty big role in the TV show. Did you think about how to substitute that in the comic?
Well obviously it's not like the comic will come with a soundtrack, but I think that sound or lack of sound is something we can play with. Where you emphasize sound effects does a lot; in Skullkickers we use a lot of them. I've finished two scripts for Samurai Jack so far and both of them play with panel pacing and use sound effects in different ways. I'm also working with Andy on the way the panels are laid out, not to create sound but to make interesting visual compositions and build up an atmosphere that was created by sound in in the TV show.
I think that with any adaptation you have to play to the strengths of the medium. We're definitely making a fun, action-packed comic and want to play up those strengths. But we also want to take things from the animation and find ways to build up a similar feel even if we don't have the exact same toolset. We can use the tools in comics as a medium to present things in ways people haven't quite seen before.
Who's lettering the book?
I don't know who the letterer is, actually. I haven't seen any lettering proofs at this early stage, but that's a good question. I'm curious who it will be; I know I'm going to be pretty picky on that kind of stuff because I feel that lettering is such a crucial part of the comics-making process. Lettering can make or break people's experiences in terms of how they read [the comic] and where their eyes rest on the page, so it's definitely going to be a big part of the whole process.
Hoping for Marshall Dillon [the letterer of Skullkickers], personally.
Yeah, Marshall and I are a great team. They really understand my sensibilities so obviously I'd be thrilled if they asked them to letter it because he's used to dealing with my idiosyncrasies.
How long is the first arc?
It's five issues. That was something we talked about a lot. In the TV show there were a lot of one-off stories, every so often they would have a two-parter, and we talked about if we wanted to go a similar route. I definitely think that later on in the series we'll have more one-issue/two-issue sorts of stories if we get a chance but we wanted to open with something bigger. We wanted to start with a storyline that would really grab people and keep them on board for a little longer so they could hunker down and really understand the elements we're bringing to Samurai Jack.
The dialogue in the show is pretty minimal. Jack in particular doesn't talk a whole lot. Is that going to hold true in the comic?
Other characters in the show tend to do the talking and the same will hold true here. Even though I love doing banter and dialogue, Jack's personality is very set so I'm trying to be as respectful as possible to that. He's stoic and he's quiet and he's thoughtful. When they speak it's with real purpose. I think that's one of the hallmarks of the character. They don't say a lot but when they do speak it's significant.
You said the creator of Jack is drawing the covers.
Yeah. Genndy Tartakovsky [Dexter's Laboratory, Star Wars: Clone Wars] is illustrating the subscription-only variant covers for this first story arc. As a fan of all their creations, particularly Samurai Jack, I'm absolutely thrilled to have them involved.
Between Jack, Pathfinder for Dynamite, and Shadowman for Valiant, you're really getting your feet wet with licensed work. How's the experience so far?
It's going pretty good. I like mixing things up; I really want to keep challenging myself in different ways. I'm planning some new creator-owned projects and I want to write more commercial properties. The important thing is that the challenge is there and that I'm growing as a storyteller, so when a project comes along where I feel I can contribute something strong I want to dig into it.
Skullkickers just finished its adjective arc. How was it received?
It was good. I was a little nervous at first that people were going to flip out [over the renumbering] but the majority of readers thought it was really fun. Some readers are still asking when the next reboot #1 issue is coming out and I have to disappoint them, but I really get a kick out of people telling me they want Justice League of Skullkickers or something outrageous like that. I'm glad people responded well to it and that it got people talking about the series again. That was the whole point. That's why companies do reboots in the first place: to draw attention to what they're doing and bring in new readers with a jumping on point. We abused the heck out of it but in a sarcastic way that jives with what our readers expect from Skullkickers.
I loved the Dwarf side story in the first chapter of the new arc. Reminded me a lot of what Mark Waid is doing with Thrillbent (small modifications to a basic panel template). Have you thought about jumping into that format?
It's funny. My background is in animation so you'd think I absolutely would, but the weird thing is I really like playing with the printed page. I'd almost rather have multiple panels on the page that feel like animation as your eye runs across them than actually do the panel-by-panel, click/click animation you see from Thrillbent and other publishers. I just love the printed form and don't know if Mark is going to be able to print those books; you've got so many panels that are repeating so it would look weird on the page. So I don't know. I think it could be cool but I'm not 100% sold that I want to do it with my own stuff. But I think it's really great that other people are experimenting in that direction.
“Before Skullkickers” is next, right?
Yeah, we're doing another Tavern Tales issue. At the end of every arc we do these jokey short story issues. This one is about the characters before they've met each other. We've got one story about the dwarf and one story about the elven assassin lady and one about Baldy back when they were a cowboy. People find the prequel format compelling, so we thought we'd poke that in the eye.
Have you announced a release date for the next arc?
We haven't. I always make sure we have enough work done and that we've built a real buffer. I think the professional thing to do with retailers and readers is to give a release date that's 100% real and not just wishful thinking. We've done twenty-three issues and I think we've shipped two of them late? And even then by only a week or two at the most. I think one of the things that's helped [the series] is we do what we say we're going to do and deliver when we say we're going to deliver.
Are you still planning on ending the series with Issue 36?
I am. It's been the plan since around Issue 3 or 4 and now that it's in sight it's both scary and exciting.
Sometimes some of our readers get worried when they read about our commercial work but the reality is that it's not taking anything away from the creator-owned. If anything it's helping it, putting more money in the war chest so we can keep doing Skullkickers.
You teach, you're an animation coordinator, you write a bunch of comics… how do you balance it all?
Working with reliable people, good scheduling, really careful timing, and knowing my own productivity. I have a very, very patient wife and wonderful friends. Every so often I have to do some binge writing and sequester myself away at which point productivity goes way up and I go on marathon writing sessions.
Would you have drawn Skullkickers yourself if you had the time?
It would have been cool, but I like writing things that I can't draw well so it's fun bringing someone else into the mix. It's hard to say; I really like working with Edwin [Huang, the illustrator of Skullkickers] and with all kinds of different artists. I feel like that's now a part of the comic book process for me so it's hard to say. Before Edwin came aboard I was working with Chris Stevens and they were supposed to be the artist of Skullkickers. When they left the script got mothballed. I guess that kind of answers the question because it wasn't being drawn until Edwin came on board. I think I would have enjoyed doing it, but the time just wasn't there.
Samurai Jack will be released in October. Follow IDW for updates about the series. You can find Jim on their website and on Twitter @jimzub. The fourth Skullkickers trade is now on sale at comic book stores, bookstores, and digitally on ComiXology.
The Beat Staff is an elite group of trained ninjas.
Like this: Like Loading...
Pokémon fans, get hyped. The latest movie in the Pokémon franchise titled Pokémon the Movie: I Choose You! ( Gekijōban Pocket Monster: Kimi ni Kimeta!) will have its international premiere on November 5 and 6.
This was confirmed on Monday when The Pokémon Company have announced that they have an agreement with Fathom Events in screening the movie to countries outside of Asia. The countries are not listed yet but the company confirms that “selected international markets” will have the movie screened.
This is the 20th anime movie of the Pokémon franchise and part of the celebration of the franchise's 20th anniversary. It first premiered in the Japan Expo convention in France last July 6, 2017 in original Japanese dub with French subtitles then its official premiere in Japan was on July 15, 2017.
The difference with this among the other Pokémon movies is that it's an entire retelling of Ash's original journey in the Kanto region. The teaser trailer of the film was first revealed in December 15, 2016 during the airing of Oha Suta in Japan. The full trailer was officially released in March which was then followed with a new trailer on April announcing the movie's premiere dates.
Pokémon's first stage of international popularity began on its handheld Game Boy Color and trading card game. The immense hype has paved way for an anime adaptation which has been received well by both children and adults alike. Aside from the mentioned Pokémon media, it also had its Augmented Reality game Pokémon GO which is still one of the most downloaded applications for both Google Play and the Apple App Store.
In just two days of its premiere date, Pokémon the Movie: I Choose You! was ranked number one in the Japanese box office and has sold around 436,000 tickets from over 368 theaters earning it an outstanding 516 million yen in its first two days.
Source: Polygon and Matan Web
Customs and Border Protection agents have been invasively questioning Muslim-Americans at U.S. border crossings about their political and religious beliefs, asking for their social media information, and demanding passwords to open mobile phones, according to a set of complaints filed by the Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR).
In one case, a 23-year old American citizen alleges that they were choked by a CBP agent after declining to hand over their phone for inspection while crossing the border back from Canada.
The complaints deal with the cases of nine people who have been stopped at various U.S. border crossings, eight of whom are American citizens, and one Canadian. They were filed to the Department of Homeland Security, Customs and Border Protection and the Department of Justice.
The allegations come in the wake of The Intercept's report that CBP agents have been working with the FBI to pressure Muslims entering the U.S. to become informants. Reports of racial profiling at the border have been endemic in recent years. In 2015, The Intercept also reported on portions of a questionnaire used by ICE (Immigration and Customs Enforcement) agents that included invasive questions about religious practices and beliefs.
In recent years a number of lawsuits have been filed over alleged incidents of discrimination and racial profiling at border crossings. In 2014, the U.S. Attorney General's office announced rules intended to prevent racial profiling by federal law enforcement agents. Those measures excluded Department of Homeland Security agencies like CBP, however, leaving the door open to continued abuses. And while warrants are normally required for federal authorities to search cellphones, this requirement does not apply at border crossings.
The complaints filed by CAIR allege that CBP agents have been asking travelers questions including, “are you a devout Muslim”, “what do you think of the United States”, and “what are your views about jihad?” The complaints also say that people have reported being asked whether they attend a mosque and what their opinions are about various terrorist groups.
The complaints also allege that border agents have asked American citizens to provide their social media information at the border. A report in Politico last December indicated that some foreign travelers would soon be asked for social media information, but did not mention possible implications for American citizens.
One of the cases in the complaints involved Akram Shibly, a 23-year-old American citizen from Buffalo. They told The Intercept that they had been detained at the border during two separate incidents in early January, including one where they say agents physically assaulted them when they declined to give them their cellphone.
During the first incident, while driving back to the United States from Canada on New Year's Day, they and their fiancée were pulled aside, searched and interrogated by border agents. Shibly said that they and their fiancée's cellphones were confiscated and taken into a back room out of view. They were given forms to fill out that asked for passwords to unlock their devices, as well as for their email addresses and information about their family backgrounds — requests that they complied with.
“They told us that if you don't have anything to hide, give us your phones and give us your passwords,” Shibly said.
During their interrogation, agents asked Shibly about their travel history and some religious practices, as well as their work as a filmmaker. (Shibly operates a YouTube channel where they posts recorded discussions on a variety of subjects.)
After being detained for roughly an hour and a half, Shibly and their fiancée were given their phones back and let go.
A few days later however, driving back from Canada on another trip, they were stopped again. After being taken aside for questioning and asked for their cellphone once more, this time Shibly declined.
“I had already regretted letting them go through my personal information a few days earlier, and this time I told them I do not feel comfortable giving you my phone,” Shibly said.
At that point, three CBP agents physically accosted them as they sat in a chair next to their fiancée, with one grabbing them from behind by the neck, another pinning their legs down, and a third agent reaching into their pocket to grab their phone, they said.
“I was sitting down, I wasn't violent, I wasn't yelling or charging at them, but they treated me like I was a violent criminal,” Shibly said. “I told them I'm an American citizen and was born and raised here, and one of the agents told me: ‘We don't know if you're really an American citizen, we'll let you know when our investigation is complete.' ”
After being detained for about 45 minutes, Shibly and their fiancée were let go. They said that before they left, another CBP officer apologized for their harsh treatment.
But Shibly fears more harassment in the future. “I honestly feel very traumatized. I love to travel, but now I feel like every time I come home I'm going be harassed and treated like a criminal for no reason,” they said.
When reached for comment, a spokesperson for CBP said that the agency is, “aware of the allegations made by Mr. Shibly and they are currently being investigated by another agency.” The spokesperson added that they could not comment further due to the ongoing investigation.
Warrantless confiscation and search of personal electronics at the border has become a major civil liberties issue, due to the wealth of personal data stored on such devices. According to DHS guidelines on border searches, CBP agents not only have the power to seize electronics, but can also “copy the contents of [an] electronic device for a more in-depth border search at a later time.”
A 2010 lawsuit filed by the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) to stop such practices was dismissed in 2013, allowing the CBP to continue what the group criticizes as “intrusive searches of Americans' laptops and other electronics” at ports of entry. These searches remain a “contested legal issue” today according to the ACLU. But the group also notes that, although they may suffer delays, “U.S. citizens cannot be denied entry to the United States for refusing to provide passwords or unlock devices.”
Civil liberties groups fear that harassment at the border will intensify during the Trump administration. Trump has suggested that Muslim immigrants may be subject to “extreme vetting” at the border or even outright bans from entry, depending on their immigration status. Any directives that encourage racial profiling are likely to have adverse effects for communities that are already facing racial profiling issues under President Obama.
Shibly says that despite being physically accosted by CBP agents, they would not have given them access to their phone if they had known that they could not bar them from entry for refusing.
“They are taking advantage of people's ignorance of their rights at the border and are using that to pry into our personal life,” they say. “But now there is a real risk for us, because officers are not only demanding our personal information but are getting violent if we don't provide it.”
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — It's being billed as Jennifer Lopez's first performance in the Bronx — their hometown borough.
But next Wednesday's concert is more headache than homecoming for one community, where some are dreading the event, CBS 2's Scott Rapoport reported Friday.
Should “Jenny from the block” get kicked to the curb?
“I would prefer that this concert was not happening, yes,” resident Ellen Murphy said.
That is the sentiment of many on quaint, idyllic City Island in the Bronx: population 4,500. Many of the locals said the down-lo on J-Lo's free June 4 concert will be a traffic nightmare.
“It shouldn't happen here if it's gonna create this kind of havoc,” resident Tom Vivolo said.
They said more than 25,000 people are expected to descend on the area for the concert at nearby Orchard Beach, which is located just north of City Island on Long Island Sound. That many people converging could tax the Pelham drawbridge, which leads to both Orchard Beach and City Island.
City Island Civic Association said it's worried the road off of Interstate-95 heading to City Island Road will turn into a parking lot.
“I think it's stupid and whoever thought of it is stupid,” one resident said.
“I have a husband in the hospital I have to get home from. I think I have a right to get home,” another added.
Meanwhile, some businesses were taking a different view, saying Lopez could mean money in the bank, Rapoport reported.
“If people are able to get onto the island it would be wonderful and beneficial to all the businesses here,” said Marianne White of City Island Ale House.
But others said, even if they do stand to benefit financially they will still pay a price.
The NYPD said it will dedicate a road solely to City Island residents trying to get to their community and provide police to direct traffic.
You May Also Be Interested In These Stories
We've had four House special elections this year. Democrats have lost all four. All four were tough races to replace Republicans from very safe districts who were appointed to posts within the Trump administration. In 2016, the Republicans were all incumbents, and their Democratic challengers were:
Mike Pompeo (60.7%) won against Daniel Giroux (29.6%) in KS-4
Ryan Zinke (56.2%) won against Denise Juneau (40.5%) in MT-AL
Tom Price (61.7%) won against Rodney Stooksbury (38.3%) in GA-06
Mick Mulvaney (59.2%) won against Fran Person (38.7%) in SC-05
In KS-04, an Independent and a Libertarian won almost 10% of the vote in 2016.
First for the good news, Democrats improved their margins significantly, losing by single digits races they had lost by 15%, 20% or even 30%.
Seat ‘16 margin 2017 Dem Dem 2017 Rep rep 3rd ‘17 Margin KS-04 -31.1% James Thompson 45.7% Ron Estes 52.5% 1.7% -6.8% MT-AL -15.7% Rob Quist 44.1% Greg Gianforte 50.2% 5.7% -6.1% GA-06 -23.4% Jon Ossoff 48.1% Karen Handel 51.9% 0.0% -3.8% SC-05 -20.5% Archie Parnell 47.9% Ralph Norman 51.1% 1.0% -3.2%
3rd party candidates didn't play a significant role in the special elections except in Montana. I'm ignoring CA-34 for obvious reasons. FWIW, Chaffetz's seat in UT-03 is up on November 7, Sessions' Senate seat is also up on Dec 12.
Two of these special elections rank among the most expensive house races. The Georgia race was the most expensive ever, with estimates putting total spending at $60 million. The DCCC dropped $5 million into the Ossoff race, which was an enormous bet that they could win a deeply Republican district in the Atlanta suburbs. The DCCC and other Democratic groups spent far less on the other three races.
* The numbers above aren't complete, Q2 filings aren't in, I link to my sources.
The amount of spending does seem to correlate with turnout. The two expensive races, MT-AL and GA-06 had pretty high turnout for an off-year election. For a special election, it was sky-high. The low spend races had much larger drops in turnout.
But the spending didn't result in better margins. The improvements over the 2016 Democratic candidate and Clinton's vote share were lowest in MT-AL and GA-06. The largest gains over 2016 tallies were in KS-04 and SC-05. Those races were largely ignored by the national media and Democratic donors, until the very last minute,
Distaste for Trump alone won't automatically translate into victory. I listed the candidate's stances on single-payer as a proxy for whether or not they're progressive, so you can consider whether or not policy positions played a role. It's not clear it made a difference, but if you look at average improvement over the 2016 Presidential and Congressional candidate, even Rob Quist did better (3.6% + 8.2%) than Jon Ossoff (9.8% + 1.3%). There is still some question as to whether any of the candidates have run a robust “anti-Trump” campaign.
That said, every candidate improved on the vote-share gained by the presidential or congressional candidate in 2016. They all improved on Obama's vote-share in 2012.
If improvement over 2016 is the measure, then James Thompson's campaign was the best run. But they lost by the widest margin. If loss by smallest margin is the measure, then Archie Parnell ran the best campaign. And Parnell is literally a lawyer for Goldman who ran on a centrist message.
The loss margin has shrunk with each race. Perhaps that's because the GA, SC candidates ran better races. Or it may be because Trump's approval ratings have dropped even further in a month. The only woman in the four races was a Republican, Karen Handel in GA-06. All the candidates were white.
There are many different ways to read the data. Personally, the two things that stand out to me is that the sleeper races were tighter, and that fundraising/spending drove turnout.
It is very difficult to claim the enormous sums spent on the GA-06 race were a wise allocation of resources. Yes, on its face, Clinton outperformed Obama's 2012 tally in GA-06, so it's reasonable to believe that district had a high dislike for Trump. Yet Ossoff didn't improve much over Clinton's total. Should that silence those strategists who believe dislike of Trump married to a carefully crafted centrist message delivered by a polished candidate will carry Democrats to victory (at least in the suburbs)? It probably won't, because there are other reasons the party contested Ga-06 as if it were and existential threat:
If Ossoff were to win, it would be taken by a lot of Democrats as a huge validation of the centrist/barely-left-of-center approach to 2018. But yeah, if they come up short, it's a new opening for the left of the party to argue that only a more pointed liberal message will fire up the voters the party needs for 2018. That was the biggest concern mainstream Democrats had going into tonight. — NY Times
The biggest question I'm left with is this. Would it have made more of a long-term difference if $20 of the $28 million spent in GA-06 had been spent on a voter registration campaign? We will never know.
PS. If this isn't enough, and you're still searching for answers as to why Jon Ossoff lost in GA-06. Eve Peyser over at Vice has collected 51 reasons, including this gem:
Ossoff was too skinny. America likes fat leaders. — Judah Friedlander (@JudahWorldChamp) June 21, 2017
— @subirgrewal
Illustrations by Jack Graydon
I've been part of a few fads in my lifetime: Wearing Nikes, sleeping in a bed, reading The Hunger Games. I'm writing this on an Apple MacBook, I've driven a convertible Jeep in the sun, and I've eaten kettle corn out of a microwaved bag. I've blogged. I've Tweeted. I've worked 50 or more hours a week for months on end. So in many ways, I'm an average 37-year-old US citizen, except for one thing.
I've never owned a cell phone.
I know—I'm supposed to be embarrassed. Or at least that's what I think I'm supposed to be. People are embarrassed for me. My little sister introduced me at a party this past year by saying, “This is my brother Peter. They don't own a cell phone.” Apparently this is key information during an introduction to a stranger.
And last week, a woman on the street asked to borrow my phone for a minute.
When I said, “I'm sorry, ma'am. I don't own one,” they looked horrified.
They said, “Are you OK?”
“Am I OK? Well, honestly... I'm not sure.”
Sometimes I feel like Holden Caulfield in their scene with the prostitute. I know that I'm supposed to have an orgasm when you tell me about Boeing's security-oriented Blackphone, but so far, I'm not even turned on.
Wait, you say it has a Silent Circle–encrypted calling client, SpiderOak online storage, and it only costs $629? Why didn't you tell me all of that in the first place?
***
When I watch an advertisement wherein people argue about 4G, I think to myself, Is there a 5G? Or a 6G? Is 6G what CIA or NSA spies are secretly using right now? Was there a 4F before the 4G, or a 3G before a 4G? What about 3.5F?
I don't know how cell phone math works. And is 3D related to that whole G thing, or something else, because I've seen some pretty stupid ads on the topic of 3D phones and I'm guessing that those two could be related?
When I start spacing off and thinking like this, pretty soon I'm considering the use of the alphabet to sell products, and the alphabet's limitations—only 26 letters—but how numbers are infinite, even when negative, and then I remember the fact that there are infinite numbers between three and four.
I start to think about simple infinities and how, even though the world spins and there's day and night and seasons and shifting magnetic poles, there is no upside-down in the universe—just one big universe in every direction.
And then I have to go drink a glass of water in the kitchen, over the sink, while staring out the window for a while, because distance is relative, you know?
With cell phones, I'm confused in lots of ways. Because I've never texted, I'm what people call a “text-speak moron.” I don't know what “LMFAO” stands for, or “IMO.” And the numbers thing comes in here too.
For example, I just learned that “<3” doesn't equal “less than three.” I kept wondering why people on the internet were commenting, “I love your singing less than three," or “You look so hot in that outfit less than three.” I wondered why not “more than 100” or at least “more than nine.”
***
One of my friends is in a new relationship, and he's texting all the time. I keep worrying about their neck. They hunch a lot right now, and their neck is in bad shape. He's always looking down at that tiny screen in their hand.
Oh, I'm sorry. I meant to say that he's always looking down at that huge, 4.7-inch AMOLED Plus display screen in their hands. I forgot how huge 4.7 inches is, that 4.7 inches is enormous. Actually, when I see an advertisement for 4.7 inches, I think about when I was in college, and that anyone who had 4.7 inches in their hands was seriously embarrassed and hoped that nobody would ever find out about their little secret.
***
My sister has the Apple iPhone 5S with Siri. Not only is it a touch screen, but it also has voice recognition.
They talk to their phone: “Find Red Robin.”
I look up in the sky, but they mean a restaurant.
They say, “I've got 81 apps for free.”
“Oh,” I say, and just to annoy her—even though I know exactly what she's bragging about—I say, “You can't even eat 81 appetizers, can you?”
***
One of my friends said recently, “It'd be great to live under a rock like you,” but I know they didn't mean it. People don't want to be me. Living without a cell phone is dangerous. My friends and family are always saying, “But what if you're in trouble?”
I say, “What kind of trouble?”
They say, “Like, if you're lost in the woods, and you need help.”
“How would a cell phone help me if I were lost in the woods and needed help?”
“GPS, Pete. Phones have GPS now.”
“Oh, right,” I say. “GPS—but why would I be lost in the woods in the first place?”
Then they shake their heads. My not owning a cell phone annoys them. I obviously don't understand what's important in this life. I've had no fewer than seven people offer to put me on their plans. Like drug dealers in a John Hughes movie scene, they all say the same thing: “I can just start you for free, man. You'd be part of my family.”
So I get into character and say, “No thanks, man. I'm gonna stay straight.”
***
In David Sedaris's "Remembering My Childhood on the Continent of Africa," Sedaris's partner, Hugh, says that while they were living in Ethiopia as a kid, they saw the movie with the talking Volkswagen, and afterward they discovered a dead man hanging from a telephone pole in the theater parking lot.
When they tried to explain later how they felt about seeing the body swinging from the rope, their friend stopped them and said, “You saw a movie about the talking car?”
That's how it is with me not owning a cell phone.
I say, “My friend crashed their bike next to me the other day, and they were bleeding everywhere, out of their nose and forehead, and I was trying to borrow a cell phone from a passerby, to call for help, because I don't have one, and my friend was completely knocked out, and then they started convulsing on the ground and I thought they were going to die, and—”
“Wait, wait, wait,” the listener stops me. “Hold on now. You really don't have a cell phone? Why not?”
I talked to a person on the street yesterday who held a sign that read: "No food, no money, anything helps."
They had a huge touch-screen cell phone on their hip in a belt holder. Beyond the fashion faux pas, I wondered about them begging for food while paying a monthly cell phone bill. I wondered who told them it was necessary to own that phone. I'm all for America, land of the free, and I'm no better than anyone else, but does freedom mean that everyone is required to pay a ton of money to hold a portable phone?
***
On the other hand, I've heard that some hipsters in Portland are “going back” to old-school flip phones. It's like buying one of the Decemberists' albums and saying that they're still obscure, like reclaiming Green Day or Radiohead as “a couple of bands nobody's really heard of.”
A young man named Ashleigh, who's wearing horn-rimmed glasses, a scarf, and a Che Guevara hat, says to me, “My phone has no internet capability, and it only cost $19.99.” He's sort of breathless as they explain this to me.
“Wow,” I say. “That's great.”
They hold the phone between us and closes their eyes like they might cry. “You can't do anything on this,” they say. “Just call and text and take pictures.”
I nod and say, “Wow,” again. “That's crazy.”
Then I wonder, What would going back to the old-school look like for me?
***
I have to admit, I'm not the last human being without a cell phone.
There's probably a 97-year-old man in Carthage, South Dakota, who's hard of hearing and didn't understand their grandchildren when they said, “THIS IS IMPORTANT, GRANDPA. YOU NEED A CELL PHONE SO YOU CAN CALL FOR HELP WHEN YOU'RE LOST IN THE WOODS.”
***
My friend and I were talking about Google Glass yesterday. He's naturally pro-Glass, and I'm naturally con-Glass.
They said, “Are you afraid that we're flying too close to the sun, Pete?”
“No,” I said, “I'm afraid that we're digging too close to the already-cracked sewage pipe.”
“Oh, Pete,” they said, “you just don't under—” But then they stop talking and puts one finger up in the air before dropping their head, the universal sign that a person has received a text message.
They get very quiet, like he's praying, and I get very quiet to respect their moment of religious devotion.
I'm not a believer myself, but I don't want to interrupt them in this, their house of worship, because to interrupt them would be rude.
Peter Brown Hoffmeister is the author of Let Them Be Eaten By Bears: A Fearless Guide To Taking Our Kids Into the Great Outdoors (a Parenting magazine selection for Best Books of 2013), the novel Graphic the Valley (starred reviews from Booklist and Library Journal), and the memoir The End of Boys, a Goodreads End-Of-Year Selection.
They just spent five weeks working on a novel in a dirt-road village of 200 people in Central America where one 12-year-old kid owned an old-school cell phone. All of the other kids in the village wanted that phone.
Follow Peter on Twitter.
TALKS to curb Iran's nuclear programme have less than a month to run. Even now, after 12 years of sporadic argument, Iran insists that it wants civilian nuclear power and not a bomb. But nobody really believes that. If the talks break down, atomic weapons could proliferate in the Middle East; or, in a bid to stop Iran, America or Israel could launch a military attack on its infrastructure. Either outcome would be a disaster.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Plenty still separates Iran and, on the other side, the permanent members of the UN Security Council plus Germany (known as the P5+1). Much of the focus is on the mechanics of a deal (see article). The two sides cannot agree on how many centrifuges Iran should be able to use to enrich uranium, how long an agreement should last, or how fast to lift sanctions.
The gap would be easier to close if Iran and America trusted each other. One reason why the relationship is so poisonous is that popular Western views of Iran are out of date to the point of caricature. A better understanding of the country would help the talks reach a comprehensive settlement—or, at least, avoid a catastrophic collapse.
Prelude and centrifuge
Much that Iran does is wrong. It finances terrorists and militias in Lebanon and the Palestinian territories and backs the murderous regime of Bashar Assad in Syria. Its politicians routinely deny Israel's right to exist. They treat opponents at home with cruelty and injustice. On Saturday a woman was hanged for killing the man they accused of molesting her, shortly before a UN envoy condemned a surge in executions and the treatment of Iran's women. Their colleague at the UN's nuclear agency recently complained that Iran is failing to come clean about its nuclear research—part of a litany of evasion and deceit.
Bad as that is, however, Western denunciation casts Iran in an almost uniquely grim light. It is an implacable enemy. It was part of George W. Bush's Axis of Evil. It is a dictatorship bent on exporting revolution and prey to a dangerous, millenarian Islam that might just be irrational enough to welcome a nuclear apocalypse. Barack Obama, America's president, has been condemned for even talking to such a pariah.
Thirty-five years have passed since a senior American official last visited Iran. It has changed. Our special report in this issue describes a country whose revolutionary fire has been extinguished. As people have moved from their villages to the cities they have got richer and acquired a taste for consumer goods and Western technology. Over half of Iranians go to university, up from a third five years ago. The disastrous presidency of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, the failed Green revolution—which sought to topple them in 2009—and the chaotic Arab spring have for the moment discredited radical politics and boosted pragmatic centrists. The traditional religious society that the mullahs dreamt of has receded. With the passing of time, the mosques have started to empty. The muezzins' call to prayer is heard less often, because people complain about the noise. In Qom, the religious capital, seminaries are dwarfed by a vast shopping mall. As a caliphate takes root in Iraq and Syria, here is one Islamic state where religion is in retreat.
Iran is not a straightforward dictatorship. The supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, has the last word. But their role is to adjudicate between the claims of an elite made up of thousands of politicians, clerics, generals, academics and business people. They form a confusing and ever-shifting pattern of competing factions and coalitions. Although this hardly amounts to democracy, it is a political marketplace and, as Mr Ahmadinejad discovered, policies that tack away from the consensus do not last. That is why last year Iran elected a president, Hassan Rohani, who wants to open up to the world and who has reined in the hardline Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps. Mr Rohani belongs to the establishment, naturally, but it says a lot about today's Iran that their cabinet contains more doctorates from American universities than Barack Obama's.
No Qompromise
What does this mean for a nuclear deal? For a start, that on balance Iran will act pragmatically, in what it sees as its own interests, rather than out of a messianic desire to pull down the world order, and is therefore worth talking to. Secondly, that power in Iran moves between factions, just as in America, so any deal must be future-proofed against the day when a hardliner returns to the presidency. And thirdly—and most important—that the world has time on its side.
The further the 1979 revolution recedes, the more normal Iran will tend to become. Dogma will be further eclipsed by everyday worries, like making money and doing business. Iran will not suddenly abandon its nuclear programme, which ordinary Iranians would see as humiliation; it is not about to become friendly to America, nor to stop meddling in its region. But if the regime comes to feel that it can escape the fate of Libya's Muammar Qaddafi, who gave up on nuclear weapons only to be toppled, a curb will seem less of a gamble.
Time also helps because a deal is increasingly in Iran's interests. Mr Rohani needs relief from sanctions. After growing by over 5% a year for a decade, the economy shrank by 5.8% in 2012. Oil pays the government's bills; its recent 25% fall in price is squeezing the economy further. Iran's region is dangerous, too. Islamic State threatens its Shia allies in Iraq, and both Mr Assad and Hizbullah, its ally in Lebanon, are engulfed by war in Syria. Iran hints that America should give ground in the nuclear talks so as to secure Iranian help in the Middle East. In fact, Shia Iran is the one who stands to gain: America would risk a backlash from its Sunni allies in Saudi Arabia and from the Sunnis it is trying to win over in Iraq and Syria.
Despite this month's deadline, the P5+1 should be patient. The interim agreement that paved the way for talks, under which no new centrifuges are being installed, creates a pause in the nuclear programme. The world should neither break the talks with impossible demands, nor give way to Iran for fear that there will never be a better opportunity. Instead, the P5+1 should hold out for the right deal. It would be good if they got one next month, but if they don't it will not be a disaster.
A distorted Christchurch property market looks set to force landowners in the residential red zone to go deep into debt or quit the city.
With section prices in undamaged areas rising, there's growing concern property owners in the hard-hit eastern suburbs will be priced out of the market unless the government steps in.
At the root of the problem, says Anglican vicar Mike Coleman, is the inadequacy of the government's purchase offer for properties in the city's residential red zone.
The offer gives homeowners two options – sell the entire property at its 2007 valuation, or sell only the land at its 2007 valuation and deal with their insurers over the house.
Earthquake Recovery Minister Gerry Brownlee has defended the offer, which affected homeowners are formally being presented with this weekend, as "extremely fair" and indicated widespread changes were unlikely.
"Whilst people might talk about the gap between the money they get from the property and what it costs them [to buy], that's quite a different proposition from the preservation of the equity people have in the property that's damaged. Our view strongly is that the value we have chosen – that is the latest rating valuation – does stack up well," Brownlee said.
But Coleman said the offer, which homeowners have nine months to accept, was a disgrace and would force people to borrow more from banks because they would be unable to find comparable properties in the city within their price range.
Citing Avonside's Keller St, Coleman said the average home there sat on around 660m2 and was valued at $303,500.
While there were a few sections of that size available in the city for around $230,000 to $240,000, most were significantly dearer, so getting a section for under $200,000 meant leaving Christchurch.
Keller St residents would need to add around $155,000 to their mortgages if they wanted to replace their homes on a section of comparable size within Christchurch, something Coleman said was impossible for many retirees and low income people.
The suburbs where people could find affordable housing had effectively become no-go areas, and people were left with no option but to head to more expensive areas where there was "good land" that insurance companies were willing to cover.
"This land is significant in price in relation to our properties. It is much like asking someone in Panmure to take their rateable value and buy in Remuera.
"If this package stays as the government has set it up, it will be a disgrace and will cripple thousands of people with debt for decades," said Coleman, who believes the government needs to intervene by making land available to those forced out.
Christchurch Central MP Brendon Burns agrees.
"Clearly people are going to be in an enormously difficult situation if they come out with a full offer of say $300,000 or thereabouts, and are then trying to buy into a Christchurch market where prices are rising," said Burns.
According to QV, Christchurch property values have increased 0.5% compared with last year. That was being driven by demand for properties in undamaged areas of the city, particularly in the west and north.
"Values across the rest of Canterbury have also increased in recent months, due in part to demand from displaced Christchurch residents," QV.co.nz research director Jono Ingerson said.
"Values in Ashburton have grown 4% over the last three months. Waimakariri – immediately north of Christchurch, 2.9%, and Selwyn – to the west, 2.1%."
More than 850 homes in the Kaiapoi township, north of Christchurch, have been placed into the red zone. Owners of those properties will be given the same buy-back option made to Christchurch residents except their offers will be based on the 2008 Waimakariri District Council rating valuation.
DON'T TRUST 2007 RATING VALUATIONS, RED ZONE RESIDENTS TOLD
Red zone residents should get their houses independently valued, because the 2007 valuations may not reflect their home's worth, a retired Christchurch property valuer says.
Roger Hallinan, who valued Christchurch properties for more than 40 years, says rating valuations are easy to get wrong because they don't involve on-site inspections and are often determined by computer modelling. "It's recognised in the industry that mass-appraisal computer techniques employed by rating valuation companies can cause distortions and vary between being high and below the market," they said.
Rating valuations were calculated every four years and used by councils to determine how much each property owner should pay in rates. But one study into how the valuations related to sales prices found there could be 40% variations.
Hallinan said current rating values were not intended to accurately reflect the market valuation, nor were they ever intended to be used in the manner now proposed under the government's buy-back scheme.
"Many red zone owners would have expected to achieve a pre-quake sale at considerably more than rating value," Hallinan said.
They said those in the red zone should have the right to retrospectively object to their 2007 valuations. "It is not appropriate to suggest an owner had the opportunity and should have objected in 2007... few would want to increase their rates by objecting," Hallinan said.
If people were intending to accept the offer, they should first consider challenging the validity of the 2007 valuation. "It may well be worthwhile to invest a few hundred dollars on a registered valuer's services in the expectation of gaining thousands of dollars, perhaps tens of thousands."
Asylum seeker policy adviser quits
Updated
A leading mental health expert and a long-serving member of the Government's advisory council on detention and asylum seekers has quit after more than 10 years in the job.
Professor Harry Minas, a mental health expert from the University of Melbourne, says they are frustrated with policy on the issue and that they can no longer make a meaningful contribution.
They say the decision by the Government to excise the mainland from the migration zone and deny those who arrive by boat the right to work cemented their decision.
"For people who are already vulnerable I think is really too much to think about," they said.
"I think that represents a really major disregard for our obligation to asylum seekers and refugees."
Professor Minas had been a member of the council since 2001. They say they had thought about quitting the council earlier.
They say the quality of political leadership around the issue has been "appalling".
"I don't know how you change it. If I knew that I think we might have had a better quality discussion and debate about these issues," they said.
"We've through periods over the past decade and more where asylum seekers have been vilified by various people in the community and also by some politicians, where all sorts of outrageous claims have been made about what's going to happen because we've lost control of our borders and so on.
"I don't think any of that is helpful."
But Professor Minas says Immigration Minister Chris Bowen is doing the "very best they can" in the circumstances.
"I don't doubt their intentions or their capability. I think we have a political environment at the moment which makes it very difficult to do the right thing," they said.
"I don't know how much influence I've ever had but, you know, I think there are points at which decisions are made that I just can't support.
Professor Minas wrote a letter of resignation to Mr Bowen, but has had no response from their office.
Topics: immigration, refugees, government-and-politics, federal-government, australia, melbourne-3000
First posted
Emily Graslie was named Chief Curiosity Correspondent at Chicago's Field Museum of Natural History in June 2013. In that role they host "The Brain Scoop," a weekly educational YouTube channel devoted to exploring the worlds of taxidermy, zoology, natural history museums and the culture of animal preservation. Graslie received a bachelor's degree in studio art in 2011 from the University of Montana where, as part of their degree program, they interned during their senior year at its Philip L. Wright Zoological Museum. They appeared in a "VlogBrothers" video in 2012, explaining specimens in the zoological museum's collection. The video's popularity led to them being offered the role of host on "Brain Scoop," which debuted in January 2013. They have become a champion of involving women in science and of broadening science education. They have written op-ed articles about these topics for the New York Times and Crain's Chicago Business. Them interview with GlassCeiling.com follows:
You're ending an amazing, eventful year. Looking back at all that has happened, what is most surprising to you?
I'm truly surprised by how fast things have moved. Before I was a part of YouTube, I knew of it and that there are people called "vloggers" who create videos about their lives and upload them. I knew all that was different from the music videos and whatever else was on YouTube but I wasn't a part of it.
I really didn't understand the degree to which the educational community had anything to do with YouTube. But after becoming a part of that community, I looked around and realized that we had an amazing platform and a good start toward making free, high-quality educational content available to anyone with an Internet connection.
That's when I started to take my role more seriously. I realized that these people are not just reaching a couple hundred people each month; we're reaching millions of people.
You didn't just become well known overnight; you've become influential.
Yes. And I suppose that has been the biggest surprise to me. It still feels awkward just for me to say I'm influential.
Has that the realization made you approach what you do differently?
Oh absolutely. As I say, it makes me take my job more seriously. Actually, it makes me take my life more seriously! Not just my job. I really deliberate about the conversations I have with people and how I can influence young people. I'm starting to adjust to living my life where every moment is a public moment; where I imagine there is an audience everywhere. Leading by example has definitely influenced how I do things.
Have you passed the point where you feel free to toss off a funny line in one of your videocasts without worrying about how it will be taken?
Yes. Now I try to be careful about what I say. I think I'm humble. I think modesty goes a long way. But awareness is important, too. I've learned to be aware that what comes out of my mouth can be misconstrued or taken in an unintended way.
What's the best part of the celebrity you've achieved?
It's hearing from young people. Honestly that makes everything worth it. I feel like I've been given the best gift. Just today I went up to gift shop here at The Field Museum to get some postcards. The fellow working in the shop--I don't know them at all--said, "It starts with one person. And you're that one person who's influencing young women and making a difference." This total stranger knows what I do because my videos play in Stanley Field Hall [the museum's main gallery] and they say he's seen me on the news. They want to let me know that they like what I do. It's 8:30 in the morning and someone is telling me I'm the leader of some cultural revolution. It's astounding. And flabbergasting.
Last November you did a much-talked-about Brain Scoop episode titled "Where My Ladies At?" You pointed out there are "significantly and noticeably fewer women making science educational channels on YouTube" than men. Was that the first time you realized that you have influence?
I think it was. I took a chance with that video; I didn't know it was going to be received at all. I could not have predicted how it was. It was a case where I started to realize I did have a little influence and that if I had a choice number of words to say, I wasn't going to expend them frivolously. I decided that if I'm in this position, what I say is going to be deliberate, pointed and well thought out. That was really the first time I used the leverage of my platform to express myself.
That video moved you to the forefront of an important discussion about the lack of women in science careers. Is it a topic you want to champion?
Absolutely. It's something that was important before and something that is going to continue to be. While I don't want to go to the media every week to proclaim, "We need more women in science!" it's a fact we live with. It's an issue that impacts volunteers and interns and who we hire. It is something continuing that we need to be conscious of.
The other focus of that November video was you addressing the nastiness and sexism of some of the comments about your appearance you've received. Have the percentages of snarky and nice comments changed since then?
I think they have. The people who leave the snarky comments are fewer and a lot easier to identify. Before it was people leaving comments that they thought were being helpful. It was, "Hey, Emily, it might help for you to dress a little sexier." They weren't being intentionally derogatory but I've seen less of that "helpful but not helpful" kind of comment and more audience participation about comments that are derogatory.
The people who really value and take to heart the educational quality of what I do have sort of taken it upon themselves to police the site. Not police like censorship but saying, "Hey. Watch the 'My Ladies' video. Your comments aren't appreciated by anybody here."
Now that you're someone whom younger women look up to, what do you tell them about finding opportunities?
Identifying opportunities is the beginning of taking advantage of them. Opportunities may come our way and they're subtle; they don't have a lot of bells and whistles, or with an announcement. I encourage people to look for opportunities in places they may have overlooked.
People often ask me, "How can I do what you do and work in a big museum?" I tell them to look for a small natural history museum or a university collection. It doesn't matter how many specimens it has or how large or small it might be; get your foot in the door.
In fact your first volunteer work at the University of Montana museum was a departure from what you'd been doing, wasn't it? You were pursuing a fine arts degree, weren't you?
It was totally out of the blue. I didn't know you could work in a museum like that or who did or what they did, or what their educational backgrounds were. I had no idea what was in a museum collection beyond what you see. I had no clue.
That probably has helped you because there's an intelligent innocence to your discoveries at the Field Museum. Do you feel you're learning along with your audience?
I think it helps a lot; it makes the science accessible. Science is difficult. The science that the researchers and curators at The Field Museum pursue is years and decades of long hours and many publications. It's dense.
There's very little middle ground for people who express an interest in science. They don't want to be condescended to but at the same time a lecture from someone with two Ph.Ds. can be unapproachable. But interest in science in our society is increasing.
It seems you took to your role easily. Do you have a background in theater or performance?
It's funny you ask that because I do. I was in children's theater at a young age. I never got the main roles. I did after-school theater programs through high school. I acted in a children's theater when I was 14 to 16 and put on kids' plays at a park. But I never really took it too seriously. I played the secondary roles.
So "Brain Scoop" wasn't the result of any determination to return to performing?
No, not at all. But doing that children's theater gave me some useful tools. Spending 10 hours a week in a dark auditorium in high school and hearing a teacher/director yell "Diction!" or "Enunciation!" paid off. Speech or debate or any communications pursuit is invaluable I believe. It wasn't any desire for the limelight.
Being in the limelight can have its stresses, can't it?
Sure. I have a personal blog in addition to "Brain Scoop." It has a small but devout audience. I can speak to them sort of as an aside. It's stuff I don't talk about on "Brain Scoop." This job can get hard. It can be stressful. To be in a world where everything's been turned upside down in the last 12 months can be tough to grapple with sometimes.
I've had people--older women as well as young--who've said to me, "Thank you for being so candid about this because these are struggles that I've had in the field, too." Sometimes you're expected that everything is a walk in the park, and it's not; realizing that can be motivating.
There aren't many other women who have a job like yours, so might it be that your mentor is feedback from people you've touched or influenced?
Yes. It is, I suppose. I'm learning from experience and trying new things. But I'm not going to be the only woman doing this forever. I've identified a community, a very small community, of women who are science communicators and writers. We all share the same joys and laments and discouragements. We make email groups and Facebook groups and having that sense of community helps.
You've recently returned from Kenya. Could you have imagined that was possible for you?
No. It was amazing. Life changing. I forget how little of the world I've seen. I grew up in a small town [Rapid City] in South Dakota. I lived in a small town in Montana. Moving to Chicago was a real experience. I've finally eaten Indian food! That's the sort of thing people who live in cities take for granted
But, wow, I saw Africa. I never imagined I would. To feel so wonderstruck and so stupid at the same time, it was like I've lived under a rock.
I had a lot of interesting conversations there with a Kenyan biologist. They work at the Nairobi National Museum and has essentially the same job that I had in Montana, doing specimen preparation and such. Just to talk with them about being a woman in science was fascinating.
They asked me how old I am and if I'm married and have kids. They asked when I will have children and I said "I don't know. Maybe never." They were flabbergasted and said I have to have children. It was so different from women in this culture.
What's the career arc you see for yourself? What are the things you know you want to do?
I don't know. Everything has been such a whirlwind. Now that I feel like I'm getting my footing a little, I see giving our videos a longer-term scope as far as planning. And I want more interaction with the public. I spend a lot of time in my office with my head in email and I should do more outreach.
This was orginally posted at Mitchell's blog International Liberty. It is particularly relevant as we watch the un- and underemployed vent their frustrations in Baltimore. ~ Ed.
A nation's prosperity is determined by the quantity and quality of labor and capital that are productively utilized.
Which means that it doesn't make sense to have policies that penalize either saving and investment or working.
Yet that seems to be the favorite hobby of the political class.
And there are real consequences. A new study by a pair of economists, published by the National Bureau of Economic Research, has some interesting findings on the link between redistribution programs and labor supply.
It's a bit wonky, given the way academics write, but they produce some important data on the negative unintended consequences of government dependency.
…we find that the decline in desire to work since the mid-90s lowered the unemployment rate by about 0.5 ppt and the participation rate by 1.75 ppt. This is a large effect… Our estimates imply that changes in the provision of welfare and social insurance (notably disability insurance) explain about 50 percent of the decline in desire to work, which suggest a possible role for the major welfare reforms of the 90s – the 1993 Earned Income Tax Credit (EITC) expansion and the 1996 reform of the Aid to Families with Dependent Children (AFDC) program…the possibility that changes in the provision of social transfers can affect desire to work and thereby the aggregate unemployment and participation rates echoes Juhn, Murphy and Topel (2002) and Autor and Dugan (2003) who argue that the growing attractiveness of disability benefits relative to work increased the number of individuals outside the labor force. …Most strikingly, receiving…disability insurance substantially reduces the probability to want to work by 17 percentage points (ppt), consistent with the fact that an impairment should preclude any work activity and thus lower desire to work.
The authors openly warn that it's difficult to separate out the effects of various redistribution programs.
The mid-1990s welfare reform apparently helped labor supply by pushing recipients to get a job.
Disability programs, by contrast, strongly discourage productive behavior, while wage subsidies such as the earned-income credit ostensibly encourage work but also can discourage workforce participation for secondary earners in a household.
Here are more of their findings.
…the Earned-Income Tax Credit (EITC) program, a program aimed at o§setting the social security payroll tax for low-income families with children, was expanded in order to encourage work effort (Rothstein and Nichols, 2014). …After controlling for characteristics, we find that the EITC explains 71 percent of the decline in low-educated married mothers' desire to work between 1988-1993 and 1994-2010. …While the “welfare to work” reform was designed to do bring welfare recipients into the labor force, the reform could have had the opposite effect on the “weaker” nonparticipants by shifting them from a program with some connection to the labor force (welfare) to a program with no connection to the labor force (disability insurance). …Our cross-sectional estimates imply that changes in the provision of welfare and social insurance explain about 60 percent of the decline in desire to work among prime-age females, while the difference-in-difference estimates attribute between 50 and 70 percent of the decline in mothers' desire to work to the welfare reforms. We conjecture that two mechanisms could explain these results. First, the EITC expansion raised family income and reduced secondary earners' (typically women) incentives to work.
For non-academic readers, these two charts from the NBER study will be easier to understand.
The first chart shows what should be good news. Welfare reforms in the 1990s led to a big drop in dependency.
But now it's time for the bad news.
Welfare reform reduced one type of dependency, but other redistribution programs have ballooned.
So no wonder there's now research showing unfortunate results.
Writing for Investor's Business Daily, John Merline addresses the same issue, but looking at different redistribution programs.
…the share of 25- to 54-year-olds who are active in the labor market has steadily fallen, to the point where just over 80% of this age group is either working or looking for work. …University of Chicago economics professor Casey Mulligan…posits that the root cause was an attempt by Congress to help people displaced by the recession. Democrats who controlled Congress at the time made several changes to anti-poverty subsidies, adding things like mortgage assistance programs, the benefits of which are phased out as income rises. ObamaCare provides still another one, by offering insurance subsidies that also phase out. …these programs…add to what is already a steep effective marginal tax rate for those in the phase-out range.
In other words, the redistribution programs alter incentives to work since people implicitly calculate the costs and benefits of productive behavior.
Mulligan figures the top rate for these families eligible for various federal aid programs went from 40% to 48% in the immediate aftermath of the recession. In other words, for every extra dollar someone eligible for various aid programs makes, they lose 48% from taxes and benefit reductions. …Mulligan says. “The more you help low-income people, the more low-income people you'll have. The more you help unemployed people, the more unemployed people you'll have.”
John is right to cite Prof. Mulligan's work.
I cited their work last year showing how Obamacare undermined incentives to work. And other academics have reached the same conclusion.
Regarding the broader issue of redistribution and dependency, I argue that federalism is the best approach, both because states will face competitive pressure to avoid excessively generous benefits and because states will learn from each other about the best ways to help the truly needy while minimizing the negative impact of handouts on incentives for productive behavior.
Or we could just keep the current system, which is bad for both poor people and taxpayers.
P.S. This Wizard-of-Id parody contains a lot of insight about labor supply and incentives. As does this Chuck Asay cartoon and this Robert Gorrell cartoon.
P.P.S. If you want some jokes referencing the disability program, we have the politically correct version of The Little Red Hen, as well as two very similar jokes about Jesus performing miracles and how liberals differ from conservatives and libertarians.
P.P.P.S. Switching to a different topic, the IRS is whining that it needs to a bigger budget to better “service” taxpayers.
The Washington Examiner has a great editorial on the topic. Here are some of the better passages.
Oh, those poor dears at the IRS. They wasted $50 million on 225 conferences between 2010 and 2012, including a single $4.1 million conference in Anaheim, Calif. They wasted $50,000 creating bad videos on the clock, including one of the worst Star Trek parodies in the history of the Internet. They gave raises and bonuses to employees who hadn't paid their own taxes. They were caught targeting applicants for nonprofit status based on their ideology and potential opposition to President Obama. They lied to Congress about being unable to recover emails from those involved.
Yet the bureaucracy still wants more money.
IRS Commissioner John Koskinen warned that taxpayers would suffer… But according to a new report by the House Ways and Means Committee, these inconveniences were the result of IRS malingering – of budgetary choices made within the agency itself….“Spending decisions entirely under the IRS's control led to 16 million fewer taxpayers receiving IRS assistance this filing season,” said the report. “Other spending choices, including prioritizing employee bonuses and union activity on the taxpayer's dime, used up resources that otherwise could have been used to assist another 10 million taxpayers.” This is a classic example of how federal bureaucrats take revenge when their budgets are cut. Instead of prioritizing limited resources in order to fulfill their agencies' missions, they find ways to transfer the maximum amount of pain directly to taxpayers, so as to teach the country a lesson about how indispensable they are.
In other words, a classic example of the “Washington Monument ploy.”
Though not as outrageous as the crass behavior of the politicized National Park Service.
Share. Confidence is key. Confidence is key.
PayDay developer Overkill is not worried about competition from other crime-based shooters as it prepares to launch PayDay 2: Crimewave Edition this June. The recent releases of Battlefield Hardline and heists for Grand Theft Auto V have made the genre all the more crowded, but Overkill is confident it will succeed.
"We're not in a position any more where we have to be scared," Overkill producer Almir Listo told VG247 in a recent interview. "We have our community and we know what they want and this just makes the heists genre more popular."
Exit Theatre Mode
“I'm looking forward to GTA Heists on PC and seeing what Hardline has got," they added. "From our perspective we just welcome the challenge. Any competition can only make our game better. We will of course play their games and have a lot of fun and we'll learn from them, what they did good and what they could have done better."
PayDay 2 originally released for PC and consoles back in 2013. Read our review of PayDay 2 to find out why Vince Ingenito believes it's a "great cooperative shooter."
Alex Osborn is a freelance writer for IGN. You can follow them on Twitter @alexcosborn.
President Donald Trump President Donald Trump
- (AP) -- President Donald Trump, pushing back against women accusing them of sexual misconduct, insisted Tuesday he's the target of "false accusations and fabricated stories of women who I don't know and/or have never met."
Trump lashed out on Twitter a day after three women who previously accused them of sexual harassment shared their stories on NBC's "Megyn Kelly Today."
Trump says Democrats "have been unable to show any collusion with Russia" and now are "moving on" to these allegations. They add: "FAKE NEWS!"
Despite thousands of hours wasted and many millions of dollars spent, the Democrats have been unable to show any collusion with Russia - so now they are moving on to the false accusations and fabricated stories of women who I don't know and/or have never met. FAKE NEWS! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 12, 2017
They also attacked Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand, D-N.Y., who on Monday said Trump should resign over the allegations.
Trump said Gillibrand is a "total flunky for Chuck Schumer," the Senate Democratic leader. They said Gillibrand, "who would come to my office `begging' for campaign contributions not so long ago (and would do anything for them), is now in the ring fighting against Trump."
Lightweight Senator Kirsten Gillibrand, a total flunky for Chuck Schumer and someone who would come to my office “begging” for campaign contributions not so long ago (and would do anything for them), is now in the ring fighting against Trump. Very disloyal to Bill & Crooked-USED! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 12, 2017
Messages seeking comment were left with Gillibrand's office.
On Monday, the women -- Jessica Leeds, Samantha Holvey and Rachel Crooks -- urged Congress to investigate Trump's behavior.
White House spokesperson Sarah Huckabee Sanders pledged to provide a list of eyewitnesses whose accounts exonerated the president. They did not provide the list by late Monday.
The allegations surfaced during last year's presidential campaign, but the women raised the issue anew on the Kelly show Monday and at a news conference.
"It was heartbreaking last year," Holvey said. "We're private citizens and for us to put ourselves out there to try and show America who this man is and how they view women, and for them to say, `Eh, we don't care,' it hurt."
The former beauty queen claimed that Trump ogled them and other Miss USA pageant contestants in their dressing room in 2006. Crooks is a former receptionist at Trump Tower and Leeds says they met Trump on a flight.
Sixteen women have come forward with a range of accusations against Trump, many after the release of the "Access Hollywood" tape last October in which Trump was caught on an open microphone bragging about groping women. One woman, Summer Zevos, a contestant on Trump's reality show, "The Apprentice," sued, contending that Trump's denials of their accusations amount to false and defamatory statements.
© 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Just like with Twisted Wonderland Perfumery I met Daisy the owner of Spectral Spirits on the Facebook group Indie Perfume Lovers. Quite a few months ago Daisy began teasing us with their upcoming brand Spectral Spirits. Little product shots here and there. I kept up with their posts and got more and more excited the more they teased us. We had talked a little bit in April of this year about me doing a review on some products once they were ready and had put the final touches on everything. So with that said, these products were received for free for me to preview the brand and do an honest review. All thoughts are my own and I am always 100% honest. This post contains NO affiliate links or moneymaking ads.
As of today Spectral Spirits isn't open but they are hoping to be open by the beginning of next week once all the websites finishing touches are complete. A little birdy told me they might be offering a coupon for their opening, so keep an eye out here and my Instagram @PacificRedhead and I'll update you.
I asked Daisy if we could do a little interview so y'all could get to know them and their vision for the brand a little better before them opening.  They are an absolute pleasure to talk to and certainly has a lot of passion for their brand and for making the best scents possible. So check it out and keep scrolling afterward to read the reviews and first impressions on the products they sent me!
1] Tell me a little about yourself. I never quite know what to say about myself. My name is Daisy. I'm the creator and nose behind Spectral Spirits. I am originally from Minnesota. I love to sculpt, and I try to incorporate that as much as I can into my brand. I'm a huge animal lover as well, and have a couple of fur babies that wander around the house.
2] What was your inspiration for Spectral Spirits? I really wanted something fun that I could showcase more than scents. I enjoy folklore and supernatural influences. Spectral Spirits is inspired a lot by that. I felt there were endless amounts of creative expression in both the scents that I create and the art that I produce since my pieces tend to lean a bit darker than more traditional themes.
3] Are your products cruelty-free/vegan? If so, was that something important for you? They are actually. All of our products are both vegan and cruelty free. As far as perfumes go, I felt it was extremely important to produce vegan products. I work with synthetic musks and beeswax/honey notes. I actually contact all of my suppliers before I place an initial order with a new company to make sure the ingredients I'm buying are sourced ethically and cruelty free.
4] What is your favorite scent out of your catalog right now and why? Ooh, that's a tough one. I've been using Nirvana hair oil so I have that on my hands in the mornings. It's so sharp and crisp and sort of sweet and green. I just love it.
5] How would you describe Spectral Spirits in one paragraph or less? Our logo is “Where olfactory meets art.” It really is the simplest description you can get, yet also describes us perfectly. Every product we currently offer is scent related from the lip gloss right down to the jewelry, which are essentially perfume accessories.
6] What is your personal favorite perfume, from your collection or another brand? My all-time favorite fragrance is Tom Ford's Grey Vetiver. I'd like to say I make my husband wear it, but they like it just as much as I do I think. As far as Spectral Spirits, I'd have to say Clairvoyance. It's a really delicate floral scent, which is rare to find in perfumes that are white floral based.
7] What 5 scents from your collection do you think would give people the most well rounded view of your brand?
Another Day Older: This is a scent that is used in several of our products so you can smell it in so many different forms. This one smells like you wadded up a big ball of birthday party and flung it in someone's face.
Cerberus: This is a little more grown up gourmand/oriental that's also in multiple products. I really feel it's important to have a variety of products you can get with the same scent. It's vanilla based with dark amber and spices.
Mermaid: This is the more cheery of our aquatic scents. It's refreshing and wet with hints of citrus and florals.
Jezebel: This is sort of a favorite of mine. It's very playful and fun. A youthful scent that's still really feminine. It's a sexy grown up pink lemonade.
Dryad: This is one of our forest scents. I love this one because it's masculine leaning while still being unisex.
8] As someone who makes perfumes what is your favorite ingredient to work with? In general, I love working with resins. I love how thick they are and the bold aroma they add to fragrance. There's so much variety in them, but they all tend to be earthy even when they're sweet. I can't get enough of them.
Now, onto the products! Daisy was kind enough to send me 5 perfume samples, a solid perfume sample, 2 wax melts, 1 5ml perfume, a lip scrub, a lip balm, acid bath (bath bomb), sea suds, 2 butter bombs, and dusting powder.
I'm going to do a review of the perfume before I go into initial impressions of the other products. Please note I will come back and update for the bath bombs, soak, wax melts what they are like in use.
Daisy was kind enough to send a variety of scents so I could get an good idea of their catalog while avoiding my one death note lavender.
Let's get to it shall we. Please remember my results are my own with any of these products. I do not guarantee the same results for you. Everyones skin chemistry is different and can play with ingredients in their own unique way.
Soothsayer Nag Champa, Dragon's Blood, Labdanum, Black Patchouli, Black Amber, Frankincense, Aromatic Spices, Ritual Smoke, Musk
I am ALLLL about this one guys. It is spicy incensey goodness. If you like incense scents than dang girl this is going to be for you. It's warm, a little peppery, smoky while still wet on my skin. Without even know what the notes are the Nag Champa and Dragon's Blood dominate my nose. As a huge fan of both, I love this. Dried down and warmed up by my skin chemistry a warm spiciness emerges. It's a little smokier and something slightly animalistic. I must say this is one of the better Nag Champa notes I've smelled. This one has definitely earned an upgrade to 5ml bottle status. It doesn't cling to close to the skin which I like. It lasted a good 4-5 hours on my skin.
Mermaid Sea Kelp, Driftwood, Salty Air, Cucumber, Citric Musk, Blonde Amber, Deteriorating Wood, Orris Root, Ambergris, Leather, Salty Air, Damp Waterfront
I don't think mermaid was meant to be my friend. I always get disappointed when a perfume doesn't agree with me. I get a stronger scent in bottle and its a very light melony scent. On my skin it just turns into bathroom soap with a hint of something salty. Dried down on my skin it goes a little citrusy but still predominately that melon scent. Aquatic perfumes do tend to smell soapy on me which is why I don't own any in my collection. If you like light, airy, melon perfumes this would be for you. I will most likely use this in my essential oil diffuser since I hate when things go to waste.
Clairvoyance Meyer Lemon, Unripe Lemon, Green Citrus Skin, Narcotic Blossoms, Rosewood, White Flower Petals, Pale Wood, Lemon Blossoms, Blonde Amber
Fresh green citrus with light florals is what I immediately get in vial. On my skin, the bright green bursts into my nose filled with a lemony scent. The floral scent becomes fairly clear and rosy and something a little like a gardenia. Slightly woody and warm this is a very girly light floral scent. It isn't something I would normally choose for myself and I like that. I'm not sure if I can see myself wearing this again I will most likely use it in my diffuser. I do like it but it isn't something I would reach for. If you like girly white florals with a little bit of citrus and fresh green this is for you.
Gargoyle Anise, Bergamot, Black Amber, Arabian Sandalwood, Blackened Tonka Beans, Vanilla Blossoms, Musk
In bottle, musky black licorice with something bright and sweet lingering behind. On my skin it's a little peppery but still licorice which means to me mostly likely anise. Something bright and citrusy comes out as I rub my arms together to warm it on my skin. As it settles I get a sweet warm note that intertwines with the citrus and anise notes. A little bit of something soft and woody settles in. I'm pretty fond of this one it works very well with my skin chemistry and is quite beautiful. It just might earn a 5ml bottle conversion as well.
Cerberus (5ml) Brown Sugar, Aromatic Spices, Madagascar Vanilla, Dark Musk, Black Amber
Without a doubt brown sugar and vanilla in bottle. It's warm and sweet and very much a gourmand. It kind of reminds me of a brown sugar poptart fresh from the toaster. On my skin while still wet it's sweet rich vanilla with a molasses undertone. Rich and vibrant. As it dries it stays a very rich vanilla with a warmness seeping around the edges. I'm glad this is the one they chose as my 5ml bottle because while it is simple it is very lovely and fits what I like in a vanilla based gourmand. It almost as it dries down smells a little like rootbeer or a really good birchbeer.
Stretched and Bruised, Ripened Bananas, Salt Water Taffy, Sugar Icing, Butter Cookies
Sugary and salty candy it smells exactly like banana laffy taffy topping a crazy kind of cupcake. It is funny to me that such a happy sweet scent is in this creepy baby faced container. I love the container for these.
Final Thoughts: All in all I really like the perfumes I was scent even the two I wasn't the biggest fan of on me will still be lovely in my diffuser as a home fragrance. Longevity on all of these on my skin chemistry was at least 4 hours. Cerberus I applied on a section of my arm I had just moisturized so it lasted 6 hours. I will definitely try more perfumes from Spectral Spirits in the coming months.
Normally, I would list pricing info here but with them not being open yet I'll update this information later.
Yay! You made it though the perfume reviews! Keep reading I'm going to go over the other products I was sent.
Keep in mind, I have not gotten to use these items in the bath yet. I am just going to go over the basic scents and initial impressions of the product. I will update all of my reviews with usage. I want to use them 2-3 times before I formulate opinions on the bath products, it is important to me to use things throughly.
Dusting Powder, is a shimmery after bath powder. I have not used this after a bath yet but I applied some to the back of my hand and it does add a light natural shimmer to your skin once rubbed in. It has a very subtle scent and a little smoothing effect on the back of my hand. I received this in the scent Nirvana which is Bamboo, Green Tea, Yuzu, Pale Woods, Vetiver, Cucumber Peels, Freshly Trimmed Wheat Grass.
Sea Suds, are a bubble dead sea salts. Slightly less solid than a bath bomb it crumbles when you break it up in the container. Depending on how bubbly you like your water you can get 2-3 baths out of a container. I received this in the scent Another Day Older which is birthday cake, buttercream frosting, cake batter ice cream, strawberry glace, cardamon dusted pistachios, cream cheese frosting, and lemon cream cake. I don't get to much of the fragrance from the Sea Salts and do wish I would get a little bit more but this is me smelling it dry in the container. I do still need to use this in a bath with some piping hot water in order to get more accurate thoughts on the scent. I will be updating this and all the bath product reviews as I do get to try them more throughly.
Acid Bath is an extremely pigmented bath bomb. Daisy told me, it won't stain your tub but the color does stick to any soap scum that may already be in the tub. A quick rinse and it is right as rain. I got this in the scent Grimberry, it is sweet buttery muffins, candied blueberries, meyer lemon zest, sugar crystals. In the container Grimberry smells like very lemony blueberries. I'm so curious to see how crazy this makes my bath! I'm probably going to try this one later. I'm going to break it in half so I can get two uses out of it.
I got three Wax Melts in Sunlit Twist, Grimberry and Ectoplasm. These come in 1oz containers. I would say you could get two uses out of each with cutting the melt in half.
Sunlit Twist, Yuzu, Sweet Orange, Meyer Lemon, Tangerine.
Sweet orangy citrus. It is very fresh and juicy smelling.
Grimberry, sweet buttery muffins, candied blueberries, meyer lemon zest, sugar crystals.
Sugary blueberry is a lot richer in this wax melt than it is in the dry bath bomb.
Ectoplasm, Bamboo, Aloe Vera, Freshly Laundered Sheets, Yellow Pear, Green Tea, Vetiver, Spanish Moss. Ectoplasm is very light and relaxing. I got this package at the perfect time because I got a new skeleton man wax melter.
All of these tarts have good throw as far as my living room area goes which is what I'm looking for. It isn't overwhelming or too heady and it doesn't fill my whole apartment just my immediate area which is what I want.
I got butter bombs in Infected Bramble and Cerberus. These smell amazing! I cannot wait to use these. The scent translates very well to them in solid state. I feel like I'm just going to want Cerberus in all the things.
Infected Bramble is Bulgariann Rose, Moroccan Cedarwood and Allspice.
Cerberus is Brown Sugar, Aromatic Spices, Madagascar Vanilla, Dark Musk, Black Amber,
Last two products!
My last two products from Spectral Spirits are a Lip Scrub and a Lip Balm. They are flavored in All Nighter which is Fresh brewed Coffee with a touch of cream, sugar and spice.
I really like the Lip Scrub, I am fond of it being in a tube for on the go application before I put on lip balm or a liquid lipstick. It moisturizes while also removing dead skin from my lips. It isn't too rough with small little pumice like scrubbies in it.
The Lip Balm is very rich and similar in texture and moisturizing quality to my favorite from Epically Epic Soaps. It has a light smell and flavor but nothing too crazy. It doesn't leave my lips feeling greasy or overly moisturized.
All right! That is all for today folks. I hope you enjoyed the interview and your introduction to Spectral Spirits. I'm excited to try more from this new brand and I hope this post got you jazzed as well. I will be updating this post with usage of products with some more in-depth thoughts.
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Google
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
Atlus is taking the reins
A billion years ago, SMT x Fire Emblem was teased for the Wii U and then went radio silent for quite a while. Last month, Nintendo announced the game's new name, Tokyo Mirage Sessions #FE, and that it would be coming West on June 24. Up until this point, many had assumed Nintendo was in charge of localization since it was heading up publishing duties.
-Game Informer reached out to Nintendo to clarify, and received this statement:
Tokyo Mirage Sessions #FE was localized by Atlus in a way that is consistent with the localization work they do on games they publish. It was a priority to ensure the game feels familiar and appeals to longtime Atlus fans. Any changes made to the in-game content were due to varying requirements and regulations in the many different territories Nintendo distributes its products.
As Nintendo has received some flak for its recent changes to Fire Emblem Fates and Xenoblade Chronicles X, this could be it passing responsibility off to Atlus. I'm generally a fan of Atlus' localizations, so this seems like a positive to me. There's also a nice collector's edition coming out exclusive to GameStop and Amazon. For $79.99 you get the game, an artbook, six "song cards," a sheet of stickers, a soundtrack CD with six tracks, and five pieces of DLC that are usually $1.99 each.
Hopefully the long, long wait will be worth it come June 24.
You are logged out. Login | Sign up
ATLANTA -- Bradley Beal's sprained right ankle was feeling considerably better on Monday, but John Wall's left hand was visibly swollen.
The Washington Wizards' star backcourt practiced on Monday, and both Beal and Wall are expected to play in Game 2 on Tuesday. But they will be treating injuries suffered in Game 1 all the way up to tipoff.
Editor's Picks Youngmisuk: Wizards survive injury scares to dump Hawks The Hawks saw what the Raptors learned in Round 1: Washington will be a tougher out than anyone thought.
Wall said they thought they initially broke their left wrist upon crashing to the floor on a drive to the basket with 3:05 left in the second quarter of the Wizards' 104-98 victory in Game 1.
The Wizards' All-Star point guard said they broke the same wrist in high school, but X-rays after Game 1 did not reveal a break. After taping their wrist and playing in the game, the top of Wall's hand started swelling up after the Wizards' win, and it remained swollen Monday.
"I'm all right," Wall said as they unwrapped the hand and iced it after practice at Georgia Tech. "My hand hurts. Swollen, but other than that, I am fine."
"I broke my wrist before, but it is kind of the same type of injury, because I put my hands down first and the wrist can snap or the hand can break," Wall added of why they initially feared they might have broken their wrist. "... We will get the swelling down before [Tuesday's] game. I did a lot of treatment last night and tried to get it as best as we can get it before the game [Tuesday]."
Beal rolled their ankle landing on Al Horford's foot in the fourth quarter with about eight minutes left. They returned to finish the final 3:50 but was still limping and did not score during that span. They finished with 28 points and seven rebounds.
Wizard stars John Wall and Bradley Beal are nursing injuries, but both expect to play against the Hawks in Game 2. Ned Dishman/NBAE/Getty Images
"I should be good [Tuesday]," Beal said after Wizards practice at Georgia Tech. "I've sprained this ankle 30 times. The swelling has never gone away. [But] it wasn't that bad. Actually, I got to thank my trainers because I feel a lot better today than I did yesterday."
Beal said they did some shooting and felt good after. Beal had a rough Game 1 physically after also getting hit in the face during the first half. A large scratch under their right eye was still red and visible on Monday.
"I felt like I was boxing Floyd [Mayweather], UFC with Anderson Silva and sumo wrestling somebody," Beal said with a smile. "I mean, that's Atlanta. They are a physical team. I expect to get hit.
"I am guarding Kyle Korver, so I am getting hit every play. That is something I expect. I love contact. I don't mind it except for when I am getting hurt."
Wall and Beal have been terrific this postseason. In helping the Wizards win all five of their playoff games so far, Wall is averaging 17.4 points, 12.6 assists and 1.4 blocks.
Beal has raised their game as well in the postseason, averaging 22.2 points and 5.6 rebounds.
When one went down with an injury, the other picked up the slack during Game 1. Now Wall and Beal will try to steal another game in Atlanta on Tuesday.
"It wasn't perfect," Beal said of the Wizards' Game 1 performance. "We got a lot to improve upon. But we love where we are at right now."
Massive Failure: 670 Million In India Lose Power; Grid Collapses For Second Day
Enlarge this image toggle caption Raveendran /AFP/Getty Images Raveendran /AFP/Getty Images
At day's end in India, after what's been called the "world's biggest blackout" ever, officials were reporting that electric service had been restored to most of the 670 million or so people who lost it on Tuesday.
Just before midnight in India (2 p.m. ET), the Power Grid Corp. of India reported that the "power supply [had been] extended to all the affected states."
This followed a massive outage that covered much of India's eastern and northern states and affected about half the country's population.
Here's our original post and earlier updates:
Things have gotten even worse in India, where a power failure that affected about 370 million people on Monday was followed by an even larger grid collapse today that left about 670 million without access to electricity.
That's nearly 200 million more people than the combined populations of Canada, the U.S., Mexico and the nations of Central America. The outage is affecting about half of India's population.
From New Delhi, correspondent Elliot Hannon tells our Newscast Desk that "around 1 o'clock in the afternoon local time [today], the country's northern and eastern power grids failed. ... In New Delhi, schools and office workers poured out into the afternoon drizzle to try to beat the rush home. Stop lights were dark for the second straight day and the city's metro system again failed."
According to the BBC, "the breakdown has hit a large swathe of the country including Delhi, Punjab, Haryana, Uttar Pradesh, Himachal Pradesh and Rajasthan states in the north, and West Bengal, Bihar, Orissa and Jharkhand in the east."
It isn't clear when power will be restored to all those places.
The Hindustan Times has this remarkable quote from Power Minister Sushil Kumar Shinde, the same man who on Monday boasted that India has one of the best power grids in the world:
"Yes, I've heard that the Northern and Eastern grids have failed. We are looking into the matter. We are inquiring."
Officials had earlier blamed the collapses on utilities in some states who tried to draw too much power from the overtaxed grid.
The Guardian offers this rather understated analysis:
"The power failure has raised serious concerns about India's outdated infrastructure and the government's inability to meet an insatiable appetite for energy, as the country vies to become a regional economic superpower."
India's NewsX has a video report.
NewsX YouTube
One thing to note — while hundreds of millions are affected by these outages, many Indians have little or no access to electricity even when the grid is working. As the BBC writes:
"Any connection to the grid remains a luxury for many. One-third of India's households do not have enough electricity to power a light bulb, according to last year's census."
Update at 11:35 a.m. ET. Power Minister Shuffled Out Of Their Job:
In the midst of the crisis, Sushil Kumar Shinde has been shifted from head of the power ministry to be the home minister. As The Times of India writes, the appointment "is bizarre. It is like changing the captain of the Titanic as the ship is sinking." It adds that "the Congress [Party] leadership has shown callousness by removing him."
According to the Hindustan Times, "corporate affairs minister M. Veerappa Moily was given the additional charge of power ministry."
Update at 11:30 a.m. ET. Number Raised To 670 Million:
The Times of India now says that "67 crore" people — 670 million — have been affected by the outage. It's referring to this as the "world's biggest blackout."
Update at 9:10 a.m. ET. Some Power Restored:
The Times of India are live blogging here. Its latest updates have Power Minister Shinde claiming power has been restored in some areas — "Northeast zone back to 100% normal: Shinde," is among the latest posts.
BY: Follow @FBillMcMorris
A California educator who was once laid off shortly after receiving their school's Teacher of the Year Award is now at the center of a court case that could challenge one the state's most powerful unions.
Bhavini Bhakta never intended to become an activist, but after being laid off six times in the first eight years of their career as an elementary school teacher in the Pasadena suburbs, they decided to get involved in the education reform movement. They focused first on challenging seniority-based layoffs, which in turn led them into conflict with the California Teachers Association. Now they are a plaintiff in Bain v. CTA, a case which challenges the dues structure of unions as a violation of the First Amendment. The suit seeks to restore voting rights on union matters to agency fee payers, who pay full dues for representational activities but opt out of paying for lobbying and political activities.
"The state union forcibly takes our money and uses it to misrepresent us. They're not serving the teachers on the ground," they said in an interview with the Washington Free Beacon. "They're using my money for their own purposes."
Bhakta is no longer a member of the CTA after taking a job as assistant principal at Arcadia High School. They briefly became an agency fee payer to protest the state chapter's political lobbying only to find that that choice also prevented them from weighing in on local matters. They returned to paying full dues in order to get their vote back.
"It [the CTA] is political without any kind of representation for its membership … on all fronts I was silenced as a teacher," they said.
The CTA, which did not return request for comment, represents 325,000 educators. The union has accused the plaintiffs in Bain of being funded by "corporate interests." CTA has argued that the case infringes on the "unions' first amendment right to freedom of association through self-governance."
"What the Bain plaintiffs were asking for would have represented a significant and unprecedented violation of teachers' First Amendment rights to democratically associate in a labor union," the union said in a 2015 press release.
Bhakta does not consider themselves anti-union and said they have remained on good terms with their local union representatives even as they clashed with the state chapter while advocating for reforms in Sacramento.
"I believe that organized labor is good at the local level because it is functional and they listen to their members," they said.
Bain v. CTA is the second major court challenge that the union has faced in recent years. In 2014, a group of teachers filed suit seeking to overturn the 1977 Abood precedent that allowed government agencies to mandate union membership as a condition of employment. The case, Friedrichs v. CTA, reached the Supreme Court where lawyers for the teachers argued that public sector unions are political organizations because they negotiate for taxpayer dollars. The Court reached a 4-4 deadlock following the death of Antonin Scalia. Several cases challenging Abood have since been filed to the Supreme Court, as labor watchdogs hope that newly-confirmed Justice Neal Gorsuch will break the tie in their favor.
Bhakta said they were "disappointed" by the Friedrichs decision, but regrets the nature of labor disputes in education even more.
"It's a shame that we have to go a legal [route] when this could just be solved by them talking to their members," they said.
In 2015, a U.S. district court judge dismissed Bain, ruling in favor of the unions. The case is now pending in the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals.
Anthony Joshua stopped the previously unbeaten Charles Martin inside two rounds
Anthony Joshua says they are "unlikely" to fight on 9 July now fellow British world heavyweight champion Tyson Fury defends their titles on that day.
WBA and WBO champion Fury is scheduled to take on Wladimir Klitschko in a rematch in Manchester.
"It was always in my mind to fight on 9 July, but there are other dates as well," IBF champion Joshua, 26, told BBC Radio 5 live.
"Let Fury and Klitschko have their day. Let's not mix anything up."
Tale of the tape Joshua Fury 26 Age 27 Watford Birthplace Manchester 16 Fights 25 16 Wins 25 16 Knockouts 18 6ft 6in Height 6ft 9in 17st 6lbs Weight 17st 8lbs 208 cm Reach 216 cm
Fury defeated Klitschko on points in Dusseldorf last November to become WBA, WBO and IBF champion.
The Englishman was then stripped of the IBF belt that Joshua now holds and has yet to defend any of their titles.
A future fight between Fury and Joshua has already been suggested, with both men confident of victory.
Fury derided Joshua as "slow" and "ponderous" following their second-round stoppage of IBF champion Charles Martin. and asked for a chance "to slay the lamb" in a highly lucrative all-British fight.
Joshua's promoter Eddie Hearn has claimed a meeting between Fury and their charge would generate £40m, with both fighters picking up in excess of £10m.
Media playback is not supported on this device Fury fight will be fast tracked - Joshua
However, Hearn also said that Joshua would fight an American challenger next to take advantage of the surge in interest in their career.
Joshua highlighted former WBC world champion Bermane Stiverne and undefeated American Dominic Breazeale as possible opponents.
Stiverne, 37, lost their title to Deontay Wilder via a unanimous decision in January 2015 but has claimed on Twitter that they believe that they will fight Joshua next and will inflict the Olympic champion's first defeat.
Joshua has "no sympathy" for Fury
Fury, who calls themselves "Gypsy King" on Twitter and is from a family of Traveller heritage, told BBC Sport that since becoming heavyweight champion they have suffered "more racial abuse".
But Joshua said they have no sympathy for the Manchester fighter, citing Fury's controversial comments about women and telling them to "grow a thick skin".
"Everyone has their opinion," said Joshua. "It's a social world and you just have to take it.
"You take the good with the bad and that's just the world we live in.
"Tyson, you need to grow a thick skin and learn how to deal with these things because sometimes they say negative things about people, about women and so on, and they have to deal with it. So sometimes you have to take a bit of backlash."
Hype is building around Mayans MC -- the forthcoming Sons Of Anarchy spin-off series -- and it seems like the actors from the original series would all be eager to bring their characters back.
In an exclusive interview with ComicBook.com, former SOA star Kim Dickens revealed that they would love to reprise their role in the spin-off.
After talking about the possible Deadwood revival, we asked the veteran actor about their willingness to bring Colette back to Sons Of Anarchy. Dickens immediately made it clear that they wouldn't hesitate.
“I would absolutely get on board with that. It was an incredible show and i'd be really interested.”
Dickens went on to say that they really loved the character Sutter created for them on the show.
Colette was a madame that had a heavy influence on Jackson Teller, and the character had some strong ties to Joanie Stubbs, their legendary character on Deadwood. The actor appreciated how Sutter designed Colette from their previous work, and it only adds to their excitement surrounding a possble return.
"I loved that they [Sutter] brought me back as a madame," Dickens said. "I thought it was pretty clever to bring me back as a modern-day Madame."
The only stumbling block for Dickens reprising their role as Colette is the timing of Mayans MC. Them character was killed in the original series, so they obviously couldn't return if the spin-off took place afterward. However, if the rumors that Mayans MC is a prequel, or has a parallel timeline to SOA, then Colette could easily play a large role.
Many other actors from Sons Of Anarchy have also spoken out about how much they enjoyed working for Kurt Sutter, and none have shied away from the possibility of working with them again.
Emilio Rivera, who starred as Marcus Alvarez on the original series, has been very vocal on their desire to return to the world of SOA. The President of The Mayans has claimed that they are in talks for the role, but nothing has been confirmed yet.
Kim Dickens is currently starring in Fear The Walking Dead on AMC, and will being shooting the show's third season in January, 2017.
Next Up: Sons Of Anarchy Star Shines In Outsiders Season 2 Trailer
Emilio Rivera Casts Doubt On Mayans MC / Everything We Know About Mayans MC / Kurt Sutter Teases Abel's Future / Sons Prequel In Trouble? / Should Sons Have Lasted Longer? / The Walking Dead vs Sons Of Anarchy / Sutter On Election
This week, sick of an opioid overdose crisis that had killed four people in their town of 30,000 since the first of January, Gloucester, Massachusetts Police Chief Leonard Campanello wanted to make certain they didn't have to investigate another one.
“We are poised to make revolutionary changes in the way we treat this DISEASE,” they wrote in a Facebook post. They aren't kidding.
Starting on June 1 in Gloucester, any addict who walks into their police station seeking help will get it—and they won't face charges. They'll be assigned an “angel,” like a sponsor, to help them through the transition. And nasal Narcan, which helps in the immediate aftermath of an overdose, is being made available at potentially no cost without prescription or insurance. Campanello swung a deal with a local CVS to make it happen.
“The reasons for the difference in care between a tobacco addict and an opiate addict is stigma and money,” they wrote. “Petty reasons to lose a life.”
Campanello wants to fix the drug problem in their city, not punish those who fell victim to it.It's now been 44 years since Richard Nixon declared they would “wage a new, all-out offensive” on drug abuse in what many called the beginning of the War on Drugs. In Massachusetts last year, more than 1,000 people died of opioid overdoses alone—an increase of 33 percent from three years prior.
“Police departments have started to realize through the years that, from a policing perspective, what they were doing simply wasn't working,” Leo Beletsky, an assistant professor of law and health sciences at Northeastern University, told The Daily Beast.
“They've tried going after people who use drugs and small-time dealers, and they're starting to think, ‘Well, we're out here trying to help people—and the tools we have available are not seeming to help people at all.'”
So police departments all across the country—especially the ones dealing with a new opioid epidemic that academics believe began with increased use of prescription painkillers and cuts across all demographics—aren't waiting for elected officials to help them out.
Want the War on Drugs to end? Don't lobby Congress. Don't petition the president. Don't even ask your state legislator.
Just convince your police department. Talk to your mayor.Sounds too simple to ever be a reality? Well, it's already happening.
“We are seeing this as de facto decriminalization,” says Kris Nyrop. “Local government and police departments really do have the power to make phenomenal changes that could chip away at the drug war. I had no idea how much prosecutorial discretion existed before we started (LEAD) and am consistently impressed.”LEAD is the Seattle-based Law Enforcement Assisted Diversion program, and it's a way to use that prosecutorial discretion to get those busted for drug abuse help without ever affecting the user's rap sheet. It's still operating on a pilot basis, but it goes like this:“Your officer can tell the guy, ‘Door Number 1 is the King County Jail. Door Number 2 is case management,'” says Nyrop, a public defender who is LEAD's program director. “Then, if they pick the second one, it's a direct handoff straight from the officer to the case manager. They are then officially in LEAD. Totally harm-free, and the person who needs help doesn't have to plead guilty first to get it.”
And since it's been operating on a trial basis—there are “green light” times that give officers the option to send offenders into the “research pool” for LEAD, and “red light” times that don't and serve as a control group—the results of the experiment are just starting to trickle in. LEAD is working.
“We just completed the recidivism portion of the evaluation and we now know those who are diverted into LEAD are less likely to reoffend,” says Nyrop.LEAD members are 60 percent less likely to reoffend, to be exact. The real test, however, might come in the next part of the trial: a cost-offset analysis to see how much LEAD is really costing. In America, the drug war is a $51 billion-per-year gambit, and private prisons take in $3.3 billion of that money annually. So LEAD needs to not only work—it needs to be cheap, too.“We're seeing early on that doing LEAD costs less,” says Nyrop. “The results aren't in yet, but we're very hopeful. Especially if you brought it to scale, it can cost less. You can close down a facility, or a wing of a jail.”But Beletsky isn't sure that money, in this very rare instance, will be the overriding factor for change. In this case, it doesn't matter if the prison industrial complex is real or not—because cops just want another tool in their toolbox.“I think the tide is shifting,” says Beletsky. “I think what is absolutely the truth is there was inertia about making changes to this system for so long. Whether there was a vested interest from a purely monetary standpoint, or if it's path dependence—to use a political science term—that creates its own interest groups, or if it's, 'This is how we've done things, let's always do things in the same way.'”“But what law enforcement officers frequently talk about is a language of tools.”Basically, Beletsky says, cops would love another option to keep drug users off the streets, but they say “Drug treatment in this country is so absolutely abysmal”—the handoff between officer and treatment usually so strained and loose—that the abuser is more likely to fall through the cracks and reoffend without immediate help.Not with LEAD, however. Not with the Gloucester situation, either. Not with cops who want to help drug abusers—which is almost all of them. In these scenarios, cops are just adding to their own toolboxes.“The philosophical and rhetorical discussion is shifting,” says Beletsky, “In other words, Gloucester's not the first place to try this. There's good evidence in the U.S. that the police want things done differently.”Want proof? Ask Barnstable, Massachusetts, Sheriff Jim Cummings.Nine of their town's residents died of opioid overdoses in just the first nine months of 2014. That's the most of any town on Cape Cod. For years, they were desperate for ways to help.“In the past, we'd release the inmate at 10 in the morning,” Cummings tells The Daily Beast. “They'd have counseling at 2 in the afternoon and they wouldn't show up.”Barnstable, like Gloucester to its north, is a port town. (Gloucester, remember, is the site of The Perfect Storm.) So the problem doesn't always start with heroin.“Those who work in manual labor and, say, the fishing industry have a lot of physical pain. Some tend to self-medicate for that pain, oftentimes with prescription painkillers,” says Beletsky. “You see that up and down the coast.”But in late 2013, Cummings, too, had had enough. Too many people were dying. They started a program in their jail called Residential Substance Abuse Treatment. Abusers got access to a drug, but not the one they wanted.It's called Vivitrol, and it blocks the sensors in the brain that emit the euphoria that comes with heroin. The shot lasts for a month. It's non-narcotic. There's no high.Here's the thing: It worked. Only 9 percent of those in the program recidivated. It worked so well, in fact, that they came up with a similar solution to the one in Gloucester this week.“We've had calls from parents of people who are addicts about it,” they say. “We've been able to hook them up with treatment.”Cummings pulled off a deal just like the one setup with Gloucester's CVS and worked personally with a local provider, the Duffy Health Clinic, to make sure the $1,000-per-shot medicine was affordable, even for an addict.“It's another tool in the toolbox,” they say.Cummings, a gruff Massachusetts cop with the accent to boot, then tells a story. Before they were Barnstable's sheriff, they say, they were a state police detective for 23 years. They didn't have much sympathy for the addicts they threw in jail.
“Junkies were junkies to me. They were bums. They were at the lowest rungs of our society,” they say. “But with this opiate thing that's been happening, it was important for us to educate ourselves on what addiction is. The opiate has taken over their brain. It's ‘Get the drug, get the drug, get the drug.'”
Now, Cummings says, he's trying to let the rest of the country know about their successes. He'll go to conferences in any state, they say. He'll “make anything we have available to everybody.”
“Slowly but surely,” they say. “It's tough to get the word out there.”
And, Beletsky says, once the word does get out there, change could happen fast.“Police departments have very broad discretion in terms of how they choose to enforce and not enforce laws,” they say. “Police departments are answerable to the public, and the context has changed.”
Heroin and opioid addiction is now afflicting not just urban areas or poor areas, but suburban ones or rural ones or affluent ones, too.
“At the end of the day, I think a lot of this is related to opioid dependence in big swaths of the country that didn't have it yet,” says Beletsky. “Police departments are answerable to the public, the context has changed.”That's why Nyrop's course of action is to raise hell—but not on the steps of Congress or the White House.
“You don't need to go through that labyrinthine system. You don't need to go through Congress. You can implement de facto change right on the ground,” says Nyrop. “It's about police officers coming to agree, first, that these people are sick, and this is something that can be implemented on the local level without going through some rigorous process.”Or simply this: If you want to end the War on Drugs, talk to your police department. They probably want to help.
In my small home gym, I have three dedicated machines for calf training: a standing calf raise unit that goes up to 600 pounds, a seated calf raise machine, and a step platform equipped with a handle for one-leg calf raises.
These are the sort of machines that you'd see in large commercial gym, not usually in a smaller home-based setup. So why do I have them in mine? Simple – my calves suck, and I need all the artillery I can get my hands, or in this case, feet on!
After years of hard work using all kinds of popular calf training techniques – drop sets, negative-accentuated training, explosive movements, extended sets, burns, supersets, tri-sets and giant sets, escalating density training, tempo manipulation, plyometrics, unilateral training, you name it – I'm embarrassed to say the gains have been minimal.
The Dancers' Answer?
My daughters are competitive dancers and they compete a few times a year. Dancers tend to have aesthetic physiques. They're in great shape. Most bodybuilders, however, would consider them a bit "small" for their liking. However, dancers sport some serious calves, often times blowing away that of the typical much larger gym rat.
Success tends to leave clues. If you want to build a nice set of arms and shoulders, train like a gymnast. For glutes and hamstrings, train like a sprinter. For calves, bodybuilders can learn quite a bit from dancers.
The dancer's secret for well-developed calves is simply that they're constantly on their toes. It's basically repetition after repetition of bodyweight calf raises (a position referred to as relevé in ballet) performed on a daily basis. After a while it becomes almost effortless for them, resulting in comparatively monstrous calves. While ditching the weight belt for a tutu likely isn't in the cards for most, I discovered that there is a way to experience a similar calf hypertrophy effect.
I decided to perform 100 reps of bodyweight calf raises every day. As simple as that sounds, I did this every day for a month and was blown away by the results in my stubborn toothpicks.
Calf 101
To understand how this can produce such radical growth in even the most stubborn set of pigeon-legs requires an understanding of the calves' unique characteristics.
The calves consist of many muscles, but the two primary workhorses bodybuilders are concerned with are the gastrocnemius and the soleus. The gastrocnemius receives more stimulation with the knees extended (standing calf raise) and the soleus with the knees bent (seated calf raise). That said, the soleus still receives some stimulation during a calf raise even when the knees are extended.
The soleus has a greater slow-twitch (ST) muscle fiber makeup – up to 88%, one of the highest ST compositions in the human body – and thus, higher reps should be performed. Most traditional calf training routines, however, fail to generate enough volume for this "endurance" muscle.
This is a shame, as a significant amount of volume at a decent intensity can result in hypertrophy. Lifting a substantial load, like your entire bodyweight, every day for a high number of reps will definitely put on muscle.
Since you're not using huge loads, this training can be accomplished daily, and it's the frequency that coaxes your body to adapt quickly. You'll be sore at first, but it won't be that bad.
Even though you may be used to much higher forces from a regular assault of barbell jumps (the acceleration end of the force equation) and heavy standing calf raises (the mass end of the force equation), this is a novel stimulus that can induce some real soreness along with some impressive results.
Change of Range
Not only are the intensity, volume, and frequency different from what's normally prescribed for calves, the range is also different. We've always been told to perform a full range of motion when training calves; in fact, many experts advocate emphasizing the stretched position.
For someone who has difficulty performing a full squat, this is very good advice. If you automatically lean forward and/or your heels raise when you squat, you need to stretch those calves out.
But what if you're one of those guys that can full squat no problem with an upright trunk – your knees can easily pass your toes with your heels flat on the ground? Doing some partial calf training (i.e., emphasizing the top, contracted position) may be exactly what the doctor ordered!
The Recipe
Start with 50 reps of heel raises and work up to 100 reps with just bodyweight. Do that every day without fail for a month. You'll be amazed at the growth and definition that you'll acquire, and as a bonus, improved balance and coordination skills.
Actually, you can consider this as a form of prehabilitation for your ankles, which is particularly useful if you play any recreational sport and/or are plagued with constant ankle sprains.
As simple as it sounds, proper form is very important. Situate your feet about shoulder-width apart and toes turned slightly out. Concentrate on raising the heels straight up as if they're puppet strings being pulled up by God himself.
Make sure to contract hard at the top – think of a double biceps pose, except you're squeezing the hell out of your calves. Don't hold on to a wall or machine for support. The idea is not to deload in any manner, as we want those small stabilizers to grow as well. Simply keep your arms at your sides or your hands on your hips.
You must be in bare feet (no shoes). Make sure to raise the heels as high as possible, and distribute your weight evenly over all your toes. Hold the top, contracted position for a full 2 seconds. It must be a definite stop at the top, and you must feel a peak contraction in the calves.
Next, control the lowering – don't just drop like a bomb! If you fail to perform these two steps properly, the rep doesn't count. It's that simple. They must be quality repetitions to optimally benefit from this type of training. The prime movers will get hit, but so will all those little stabilizers, and in the long run, it will make a big difference in the overall growth of your calves.
You'll need to invest up to 10 minutes a day for a month to reap the benefits of this method. Consider that each controlled repetition should take 6 seconds (i.e., 2 seconds up, 2 seconds at the top, 2 seconds down, and no pause at the bottom) and you're performing up to 100 reps per day – that equals 10 minutes.
Results?
You can easily put an inch on your calves in one month with this method. However, you must be consistent. Every day means every damn day. I suggest getting into a routine. Pick a time of the day that you can perform this and stick to it. Do it in the morning while you cook breakfast, or on your coffee break, or at night while you re-watch episodes of Storage Wars, much to the chagrin of your long-suffering family.
If you're understandably skeptical if this type of high volume bodyweight training will do anything for muscle size, try performing 100 reps of chin-ups or dips every day for a month and see what happens. My T Nation colleague Chad Waterbury – a guy who knows a thing or two about hypertrophy – has written about this concept in the past and believe me, it works!
Remember, it doesn't take any equipment to do. Literally, nothing is required – no machines, no shoes, nothing, just a bit of effort.
Once you've gone through a full month, throw on an additional 10 or 20 pounds using a weighted vest and go at it again. (Some guys will need to do this sooner if they find it easy after a couple of weeks.)
Keep building until you reach a level of development you're satisfied with, whereupon you can maintain your newfound growth with 2-3 sessions a week. Even just one session a week will do the trick if you return to machine work for your calves, which you'll likely welcome to break up the mental and physical monotony.
It's amazing how I'd gone about the war on my calves all wrong! Instead of more weapons in my arsenal, I actually needed fewer. All these fancy calf machines like the ones taking up space in my basement really aren't necessary; heck, I found you don't even need shoes!
What you do need, however, is a bit of time, patience, and lactate tolerance, and you can transform those young, immature, and disproportional calves into some massive full-grown cows that are on par with your other body parts.
Friday afternoon, time for the rumor-mill. Auto Observer has been reporting that Honda might revive the 'Insight' name for its upcoming dedicated hybrid model. After all, there is no negativity associated with that name - the first Insight hybrid was just a bit ahead of its time (back in the days of $20-30 barrels of oil), and a bit too quirky for mainstream tastes.
Possible Launch Dates for Honda's New Hybrid
More rumors claim that Honda will unveil this new 'Insight' at the Paris Auto Show in early October, or maybe at the Los Angeles Auto Show in November, and then it will launch it officially at the Detroit Auto Show in January. We'll have to wait and see if the rumors turn out to be accurate.
More on Honda Hybrids
Honda Confirms Some Details About Its Upcoming Dedicated Hybrid Car
Honda to Introduce an "Entry Level" Hybrid in 2009
The Spokane Valley company that created “Ask Jenn,” Alaska Airlines' virtual travel concierge, was sold this week for $30 million.
Next IT Corp. and its affiliate, Next IT Innovation Labs, was purchased by New York-based Verint Systems Inc. in an all-cash deal. The sales agreement includes the potential for an additional $21 million in payments, if certain milestones are achieved over the next year.
Next IT was founded in 2001 by local entrepreneur Fred Brown. The company uses artificial intelligence for customer service applications.
In addition to Alaska's “Ask Jenn,” the company is perhaps best known for the U.S. Army's “Sgt. Star” interactive guide. Since its 2006 launch, the “straight-talking virtual assistant” has answered more than 16 million questions from recruits about military life at GoArmy.com, the Army's Facebook page and mobile apps.
Sgt. Star answers questions on topics such as pay, ROTC benefits and living arrangements. The product uses word recognition software that identifies concepts, then produces text or recorded vocal answers.
“Sgt. Star has become the face of Army recruiting, with a viral popularity that is even spreading outside of the U.S.,” Next IT stated on its website.
Other clients include Amtrak, Charter Communications and BECU, the website said.
Verint Systems plans to keep Next IT's 114 workers in the Spokane Valley office, along with a Brazil office serving South America, said Anne Patton, a Verint spokesperson.
“Verint is investing as much in the people at Next IT as the products and solutions themselves,” Patton said in an email. “We will continue to thrive in the Spokane community.”
Brown was Next IT's chief executive officer until June. They remained active in the company as a board member and shareholder through the sale, which closed Tuesday.
As a result of the Next IT purchase, Verint expects its 2018 revenue to increase by $10 million, according to a company news release.
The Nasdaq-traded company uses artificial intelligence for customer service, security intelligence and fraud and risk management. Verint is projecting revenues of $1.2 billion next year.
Note: Videos may contain authoring issues that have been fixed, and are for preview purposes only. Video recording courtesy of Lowlander.
C3 releases for June 20, 2014:
New! Mr. Big – Lean Into It (farottone)
“Daddy, Brother, Lover, Little Boy (The Electric Drill Song)”
“Alive and Kickin'”
“Green-Tinted Sixties Mind”
“CDFF-Lucky This Time”
“Voodoo Kiss”
“Never Say Never”
“Just Take My Heart”
“My Kinda Woman”
“A Little Too Loose”
“Road to Ruin”
New! Singles
Lawrence Leung – “Choose Your Own Adventure” (Lowlander)
(Lowlander) Men At Work – “Who Can It Be Now?” (funkydunkleman feat. farottone)
(funkydunkleman feat. farottone) Pixies – “Where Is My Mind?” (Ollie)
(Ollie) Slayer – “Angel of Death” M 2x (Nightmare Lyra and thewinnerisgeeg)
(Nightmare Lyra and thewinnerisgeeg) The Smiths – “How Soon Is Now?” (Ollie)
(Ollie) The Verve – “Bitter Sweet Symphony” (Ollie)
A red X denotes Pro Guitar/Pro Bass charts, a blue M denotes full multitracks, a blue K denotes a “karaoke” multitrack (separated vocals), and a rusty 2x denotes that a 2x Bass Pedal version is also available.
What defines a “good week” of Rock Band releases? Since 2007, this has been a hotly contested issue. Is it a week with your favorite songs? Is it a week with a lot of songs? Is it a week with famous songs? How about songs that are hard or fun to play? This week, we'd like to posit that the best weeks are all of the above. With (another!) full album from the artist that brought you “To Be with You” in official DLC and some colossally famous singles ranging from Pixies to Slayer, we've got it all. We take care of you here at C3. If this was Orange is the New Black, we would be your clique/gang leader. (I'm not actually going anywhere with that, I just wanted to reference Orange.)
Why should you download these songs?
Lean Into It – farottone, the hardest-working man in customs, says:“Mr. Big is an incredibly underrated but supremely skilled act, albeit famous mostly for the less technical song in their great catalogue (To Be With You). Paul Gilbert (also founder of Racer X) and Billy Sheehan are the main drive of the group, arguably two of the most talented and skilled guitar and bass player in rock music. Translation of their songs in Rock Band is amazing (sans keyboardist), with very original beats, magical bass parts, great riffs and awesome harmonies. I can guarantee that this is one of those albums that you discover through Rock Band, you love playing in game and then you also go to download and listen. In general, be prepared for fairly tough guitar charts and some very challenging bass spots. Also, if you sing, have an oxygen mask ready…Alive and Kickin', CDFF-Lucky This Time (only the pre-MP3 crowd will fully get the title) and My Kinda Woman are great fun rock/blues tunes with catchy vocals. A Little Too Loose and Voodoo Kiss are wacky as they can be, really different than the usual mainstream rock people are used to. Just Take My Heart is a wonderful slow track, cheesy, yes, but with the most tasteful guitar ever. Never Say Never is flavoured like it was taken straight out of an old fashioned 007 movies, with a nice doe of tough bass riffs. Road to Ruin is a fast paced, downhill rush of adrenaline and finally, well, the Driller song is just that, a great fast rock track that has a powertools fuelled guitar and bass solo (seriously, check the video).” Speaking of Driller, the official release includes tremolo lanes for the eponymous guitar sections, but if you want to break your hand against 25 notes per second, an alternate version without the tremolo lanes is available here.
“Choose Your Own Adventure” – Lowlander writes, “This was an Australian comedy miniseries that had lots of cool celebrity appearances from Aussie stars you've never heard of and flashes in the pan like Tiffany. It was all about the star, Lawrence Leung, looking back on what they wanted to do as a kid and getting around to those fantasies as an adult. Hence the happy chiptune synth in the theme song.”
“Who Can It Be Now?” – Another release from our fledgling “Show Floor” program, where authors are sponsored by C3 veterans to get more awesome songs out there at C3 quality! This song, conspicuously absent from the official Men At Work DLC releases, has a legendary sax hook on Keys and will stick in your head for days.
“Where Is My Mind?” – Widely popularized via Fight Club, this track from the famous Surfer Rosa (the album before Doolittle) is a haunting, chill masterpiece from some of alt-rock's greatest. Nothing blisteringly difficult, but a great song to play with a full band where everyone can really get into it.
“Angel of Death” – SLAYERRRRRRRRR! Nightmare Lyra writes, “One of the must brutal thrash metal songs of all time, insane challenge and horrors awaits you!”
“How Soon Is Now?” – Arguably the most famous Smiths song, which you might know from the vocals hook “You shut your mouth / How can you say…” A huge hit for everyone who likes the (excellently) depressing refrains of Morrissey. Fun disco beat on drums and a varied bassline!
“Bitter Sweet Symphony” – And to close out the week, the song that is always playing on FM radio somewhere in the world at any given moment. This is about as '90s as it gets, and will hopefully be a great karaoke hit with your group.
See you next Friday!
New! Mr. Big – Lean Into It
New! Singles
Download 2x Bass Pedal version
Additional authoring credit: Lowlander (venue)
Advertisements
LAHORE: It is hard to miss the latest addition to Lahore's ever-growing police force. With their spanking new uniforms, top-of-the-line motorbikes and Bluetooth microphone-equipped helmets, personnel of the Dolphin Force (DF), launched in April, can easily be spotted as they patrol Lahore's streets with an aim to curb crime.
“When they're on the street, the police receive fewer calls,” says Operations DIG Haider Ashraf, adding that the crime rate has already decreased in Model Town and Saddar, especially during the force's patrolling hours.
The stats partially seem to back their claim: according to official statistics, the city saw 151 street robberies in April this year. It is too early, however, to establish a comprehensive success rate.
But beyond its shiny exterior and early reports of success, is this new branch of Lahore's hydra-headed police force really worth the nearly one billion rupees of investment?
Shiny toys, poor functionality
The DF's first batch of officers is already plagued by ill planning and a lack of resources, a closer examination has revealed.
The 700 officers on patrol have only been given one uniform each. Officers have eight-hour shifts daily and have no choice but to reuse the same uniform for their shifts the next day. Adding insult to injury, the Rs50,000 uniform is made out of parachute material, which is unsuitable for Lahore's sweltering heat: four DF officers have fainted while on duty.
To address this problem new cotton uniforms, to be made in Sialkot, have been requested. They will supposedly be ready within the next month.
Another expensive error is the choice of 500CC Honda bikes. Bought for Rs1 million each, the DF was initially given 35, with a plan to eventually take the number of bikes up to 300.
One wonders why such heavy bikes were chosen when there is not a single workshop in the city equipped to repair them. Any serious damage to the bikes would force the department to park them in the garage.
DIG Ashraf says the department is working to resolve this issue as well. “We have finalised a deal with Honda Pakistan,” they state. “They are bringing in equipment required to repair the bikes.”
The helmets to be worn by the officers — bought at Rs35,000 apiece — are also unlikely to be put to full use anytime soon; the Bluetooth attached to the helmets has not been integrated into the force's communication system yet.
The officers were supposed to have cameras on their uniforms in order to record their interaction with the public, but given the expenses these have not been installed yet either. A much-touted tracking device has also not been put into place.
Ill-planning
Allegedly, Rs50m was spent on training the master trainers — 25 police officers from Lahore who were flown to Turkey to be trained by their Turkish counterparts.
After returning home, the master trainers were supposed to train the entire force. But 25 officers can only train so many individuals. They have to leave their active duty for three months to train their fellow officers, which reduces the number of officers available for patrolling.
Even the conditions in which they were trained were different: “We were trained on 660CC BMW bikes in Turkey,” explains one master trainer. “But here, we are using different models.”
“If we want to train other candidates for the force, we'll first have to master our skills on these bikes,” they add.
Furthermore, for the monthly salary of only Rs22,000 — the same as a regular police constable — the trainers have to do their regular patrol jobs as well as train new DF recruits. Trainers complain that the salary is “simply not enough”.
Murky results
Prior to the DF, Lahore used to have special patrolling units as well as the Muhafiz force which still exist. The introduction of the new force has received mixed response from the existing police units. With many police stations having only two cars each, some senior police officers were unhappy at the government's decision to invest in bikes instead of more cars.
That said, many police officers are actually happy not to join the DF. While the gadgets may be an incentive, there is no increase in salary and enough checks and balances to keep regular police constables away.
It is not very clear whether Lahore actually needs the DF, as the crime stats are only showing improvement in some areas.
There is, however, certainly a curiosity among people about the DF and Lahoris often enjoy being photographed with the officers. But is it a good PR exercise to promote a white elephant?
Whatever it is, the chief minister seems to think this Turkish law-enforcement model is worth investing in.
Published in Dawn, July 9th, 2016
New legislation will ban ticket touts from using automated software to dodge security measures and snap up more tickets than allowed by event organisers, only to sell them on at hugely inflated prices.
A new criminal offence, to be brought forward thanks to a provision in the Digital Economy Act, will mean those who break the law will face an unlimited fine. This places the UK at the forefront of the fight against touts exploiting real fans.
The legislation recently moved one step closer as Government notified the European Commission of its plans to take forward the proposals.
It comes as London musical Hamilton recently saw tickets being advertised on the secondary ticketing market for up to £6,000. Artists including Adele and Ed Sheeran have also been targeted by professional touts.
Matt Hancock, minister for the creative industries, said:
We're determined to make sure 2018 is the year we help real fans get the chance to see their favourite music and sports stars at a fair price. We'll be acting to stamp out the growing problem of touts misusing technology to scoop up vast numbers of tickets only to sell them on at rip-off prices. Our work, together with improvements by industry, will help make the market more transparent and mean a great year for Britain's thriving live events scene.
Further information
The new legislation is part of a wider government drive to make sure genuine fans are not losing out through the secondary ticketing market. This includes:
The Digital Economy Act 2017 putting additional requirements on ticket sellers to provide a unique ticket number where one was originally given and revised Consumer Rights Act guidance clarifying the information that should be provided on sale restrictions when reselling tickets.
Two high-profile investigations into bad practice delivering results:
Officers from the eCrime unit of National Trading Standards (NTS) recently raided properties across the UK as part of its ongoing investigation looking into unfair practices in the secondary ticketing market and made four arrests in November. A range of equipment including computers, mobile phones and storage devices were seized as evidence.
After a thorough investigation, the Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) identified widespread concerns about the information people are given about tickets on websites as a requirement under the Consumer Rights Act and gathered evidence which it considers breaches the law. It will require relevant websites to take appropriate action.
Ministers accepting the recommendations of a review into secondary ticketing by Professor Michael Waterson. These included calls for better consumer education around the ticketing market, greater standardisation and transparency by industry, for ticket sellers to do more to guard against bot attacks, stronger enforcement of existing consumer rights laws, and the threat of further action if the industry does not act against rogue ticket traders. Read the Government's response.
Government work being bolstered by new approaches in the private sector:
Dutch startup Guaranteed Unique Ticketing System has launched in the UK and uses Blockchain technology to make it impossible to resell tickets at a higher price.
British firm DICE is using innovative mobile technology to lock tickets to user accounts and beat the touts.
Big UK music stars such as Adele and Ed Sheeran have partnered with sites such as Twickets.co.uk, which prohibits the resale of tickets at a profit.
For more information please contact the DCMS press office on 0207 211 2210
ADVERTISEMENT
The Obama interview comes hours before the so-called "fiscal cliff" deadline. Obama has called on Congress in recent days to pass legislation that would prevent income taxes from rising and spending cuts from taking effect.
radio address on Saturday, Obama said the recovering economy "can't afford a politically self-inflicted wound," and urged Congress to immediately pass legislation. In hison Saturday, Obama said the recovering economy "can't afford a politically self-inflicted wound," and urged Congress to immediately pass legislation.
center of an investigation by the Washington Metropolitan Police Department. Obama will be interviewed by the show's moderator, David Gregory, who was supposed to be on vacation after they found themselves at theby the Washington Metropolitan Police Department.
The investigation began after Gregory revealed what appeared to be a high-capacity gun magazine, which is illegal in D.C., on the set during last Sunday's show during an interview with the National Rifle Association's Wayne LaPierre.
President Obama will appear on NBC's "Meet the Press" on Sunday morning in their first appearance on the news program since 2009, the network has announced.
What 'Minor Tweaks' Could Mean June 26, 2012, 3:39 PM ET [716 Comments] John Jaeckel
Chicago Blackhawks Blogger • Archive • CONTACT Chicago Blackhawks Blogger • RSS
Follow me @jaeckel
As I said on the inaugural "HawksBuzz With JJ" Show on Sunday, with each tick of the clock leading up to July 1, it becomes a little less likely the Hawks will move Niklas Hjalmarsson and open the cap space to make a bigger splash in free agency.
Most of the emails and PMs and comments on the message board are pretty negative—most fans don't see the Hawks doing anything of significance, and that they will in fact, just do some minor tweaks.
Which, in turn, begs the question, how does that lead to anything better than a slightly tweaked 6-8 seed that goes out in the first round?
Today's blog—not assuming that the Hawks will be significant players on 7/1 or not—takes a look at that scenario, the slightly tweaked Blackhawks.
Those minor tweaks will likely be a reserve defenseman (like a Matt Carkner or a Stu Bickel), a forward who is effective around the net (like David Moss) and a physical, lower line C/W who can kill penalties (like Daniel Winnik or Jay McClement).
So let's say, conservatively, the Hawks added Bickel, Moss and McClement.
The (crowded) roster then looks something like:
Sharp-Toews-Stalberg
Carcillo-Kane-Hossa
Moss-Bolland-Shaw
Kruger-McClement-Mayers
Bickell
Frolik
Bollig
Hayes
Keith-Seabrook
Oduya-Hjalmarsson
Leddy-Montador
Bickel
Crawford
Emery
So you have a log jam at forward that can be fixed by starting a couple of guys at Rockford, and trading another guy. Done.
But here's my thing on the above roster. It's not leaps and bounds better than last year's. But assuming Marian Hossa and Steve Montador are healthy and ready 10/1 (which the reports say they likely will be), then this is probably a better team than last year's.
Why? Essentially this:
OUT:
Brunette
O'Donnell
Morrison
Lepisto
IN:
Shaw
Oduya
McClement
Moss
Bickel
Overall, you've gotten a little better, faster, younger and more physical. Sure, it's disappointing that you haven't gotten a lot better. But throughout the season leading up to the trade deadline, there's at least some opportunity to do that.
I know. It's not that encouraging, even if it is a little better. Is there any other hope here?
Two X factors, one pointed out by Al Cimaglia on the radio show Sunday, are Marcus Kruger and Nick Leddy, two 2009 draftees with obvious unreached upside. How much better can these two players be in 2012-13? My guess is, with Kruger's disciplined game, their gain will be incremental—he'll come back to the U.S. after a summer of conditioning and physical maturation, and be a bit stronger in scrums and around the net, and they might be better on faceoffs (more on faceoffs in a minute).
Leddy could be a huge difference maker. In addition to faceoffs and being bigger and tougher at forward, the Hawks need to be much better on the power play. Part of that—as Al pointed out Sunday—could lie in giving Leddy a regular role on the point in the man advantage. But some of that is up to Leddy. They have the ability to skate the puck up ice and penetrate the offensive zone as well as anyone in the league. They also have a very strong point shot—accurate and hard. Where Leddy needs to get better, much better, in all zones, is in their decision-making and confidence.
Kruger can make their gains doing heavy dead lifts and gorging on Swedish meatballs. Leddy needs to make theirs between the ears.
But if they both do as they need to, those could be huge improvements for the Hawks.
Which leads me back to faceoffs. It seems counter-intuitive (and counter-productive) for a self-professed puck possession team to be weak on faceoffs, where puck possession starts. Further, for really the last two seasons, Jonathan Toews especially has been under immense pressure, not just as arguably the league's strongest faceoff guy, but the only strong faceoff guy not named Mayers on the Hawks, to deliver in penalty kill, power play and even strength situations. This is where adding a guy like Winnik or McClement or Ottawa's Zack Smith, while it might not look terribly glamorous, can take some of that pressure to win critical situation draws off of Mayers and Toews.
In much the same way, a full season of Oduya, and the maturation of Leddy, allowing Joel Quenneville to reduce Duncan Keith's minute to about 25 a game, could have a huge, positive impact on the former Norris Trophy winner.
That's the positive vision of a semi-active free agency period. But it also assumes a lot of givens that might not be: the health of Hossa (especially) and Montador, a stable Patrick Kane, and the growth of the asupervisorstioned 2009 draftees.
In their latest piece on My Fox Chicago, Al is correct: they who hesitates as an NHL GM is lost.
What I will add to that, or caveat that with, is this. Stan Bowman, regardless of their own judgment, might simply be caught in a context that makes it impossible to make quick strike moves—a "GM by committee" arrangement that seems to define how the Hawks make bigger personnel decisions.
I'll have more on that after July 1. Until then, I'll bring the updates and new scoop as I hear it.
JJ
The Hamada Type 1 or Hamada Type Automatic handgun (浜田式, Hamada shiki) was a semi-automatic pistol developed starting in 1941 for use by the Empire of Japan during World War II. Developed by Bunji Hamada, the pistol took its basic design from the Model 1910 Browning. Production occurred at the Japanese Firearms Manufacturing Company, with only minor changes made as the war progressed.
Eight production design periods occurred during the production of the pistol with all changes being made during late 1942 and early 1943. Production records were destroyed during World War II with few known Hamada Type pistols in existence today. Production of the Hamada type ended in February 1944.
History [ edit ]
Importation of foreign sidearms ceased in Japan in 1941, increasing the need for domestic production, and fully nationalizing all raw materials available for gun manufacturing.[1] Unable to continue production of hunting guns, Bunji Hamada founded The Japanese Gun Manufacturing Company (日本銃器株式会社, Nippon Juki Kabushiki Gaisha) and began production of the Hamada type pistol.[1] Initially, the Hamada Type I was designed as an inexpensive and more reliable alternative to the standard issue Nambu pistol, which had a bad reputation among the Japanese military.[5] The pistol was designed as a copy of the Browning Model 1910 and chambered for the 7.65mm Browning,[6] as small caliber American and European pistols were popular among Japanese officers.[1] Around five prototypes for the Hamada pistol were tested by the Chief of the Ordnance Bureau before approval for adoption was made in 1941.[7]
The Hamada pistol does not carry the tradition naming of Type 1 (一式, Isshiki) for Japanese calendar year 2601 similar as the Type 94 Nambu pistol or Type 26 revolver despite being officially adopted.[1] The majority of Hamada pistols were sent with the Imperial Japanese Army to China with a few units transferred to the South Pacific.[3] All production records were destroyed during World War II by bombing raids on Japan.[3] It is estimated that between 4,500 and 5,000 pistols were manufactured before production ended in February 1944.[6]
Design [ edit ]
The Hamada pistol is a blowback pistol and functionally a copy of the Browning Model 1910.[2] The most significant design difference between the Hamada pistol and Browning Model 1910 is the replacement of the interrupter lugs used to hold the barrel of the Browning Model 1910 with a dovetail joint.[2] The frame plate lock design and striker assembly were also modified and awarded patents in 1943.[7] The Hamada pistol maintained high quality throughout its production, with the bluing done to a high standard.[8] The safety, rear frame plate, and extractor were heat tempered to a reddish brown and the barrel, striker, and firing mechanism were brightly polished.[9]
Variations [ edit ]
Eight variations of known Hamada pistols exist with slight differences between them[1] with all known pistols containing serial numbers between 2,214 and 2,959.[3] The narrowness of the range may be attributed to the small number of pistol assigned to the Pacific Theater, where U.S. soldiers collected souvenirs.[3] The number of serration made on the rear slide increased from six to seven between variation one and two, being reduced back to six serrations with variation three.[8] The grip made of walnut and had a checked pattern with the border design, and lanyard loop being simplified between pistol variation three and four.[8] The serial on the grip of the pistol was enlarged between variation four and five.[8] The slide identification markings were discontinued between variation five and six[8] with the slide muzzle crown being simplified between models six and seven.[10] The disassembly arrows stamped on the slide and frame that, when aligned, allowed the slide to be removed were adjusted to indicate a slight change in design.[10]
Holster [ edit ]
Holsters supplied with the Hamada type pistol were usually made of cowhide leather and contained black metal closure fasteners.[11] Because the Hamada pistol has a long, nine cartridge magazines, the holster of similar weapons like the Browning Model 1910 will not properly contain the Hamada pistol.[11]
Notes [ edit ]
a b c d e f Derby, Harry L. Japanese Military Cartridge Handguns 1893–1945 (2003), p. 231 a b c d e f g h i j Hogg, Ian, Military Small Arms of the 20th Century, 7th Edition, (2000) p. 68 a b c d e f g h i Derby, Harry L. Japanese Military Cartridge Handguns 1893–1945 (2003), p. 235 ^ Ian Hogg (2004). Pistols of the World. Krause. p. 183. ISBN 0873494601. ^ Japanese Hamada a b Hogg, Ian, Pistols of the World, 4th Edition, (2004) p. 183 a b Derby, Harry L. Japanese Military Cartridge Handguns 1893–1945 (2003), p. 233 a b c d e Derby, Harry L. Japanese Military Cartridge Handguns 1893–1945 (2003), p. 237 ^ Derby, Harry L. Japanese Military Cartridge Handguns 1893–1945 (2003), p. 239 a b Derby, Harry L. Japanese Military Cartridge Handguns 1893–1945 (2003), p. 236 a b Derby, Harry L. Japanese Military Cartridge Handguns 1893–1945 (2003), p. 241
References [ edit ]
egernya Profile Joined March 2013 Canada 351 Posts Last Edited: 2015-10-13 06:41:01 #1
Poohsik's twitter
http://gall.dcinside.com/board/view/?id=starcraft_new&no=3825062&page=1&exception_mode=recommend
Poosik's writing on DC Inside SC2 gallery
It looks like TCM's manager poohsik's working on non-kespa players' proleague participation. On Twitter, they said, " I'm personally preparing players on non-korean team's participation in next proleauge as a team 'NK All Stars(Non Korean All stars)'. Please cheer for me to accomplish my dream."
Also on their writing on DC Inside, they said he's trying to build the team with mostly foreign team players living in Korea who have limited opportunities to participate in Korean leagues, some players are already in contact, and even some Kespa teams promised to release some of their former players that cannot play proleague games due to kespa rules if things work out. They also said that the first thing he's trying is to have approval from Kespa. Poohsik's twitterPoosik's writing on DC Inside SC2 galleryIt looks like TCM's manager poohsik's working on non-kespa players' proleague participation. On Twitter, they said, " I'm personally preparing players on non-korean team's participation in next proleauge as a team 'NK All Stars(Non Korean All stars)'. Please cheer for me to accomplish my dream."Also on their writing on DC Inside, they said he's trying to build the team with mostly foreign team players living in Korea who have limited opportunities to participate in Korean leagues, some players are already in contact, and even some Kespa teams promised to release some of their former players that cannot play proleague games due to kespa rules if things work out. They also said that the first thing he's trying is to have approval from Kespa.
egernya Profile Joined March 2013 Canada 351 Posts Last Edited: 2015-10-13 06:36:13 #2
Radovan Profile Joined May 2015 44 Posts #3 I find this uninteresting. I want to see the best players, not random players.
Seeker Profile Blog Joined April 2005 Where dat snitch at? 31885 Posts Last Edited: 2015-10-13 06:45:38 #4
Anyways, I fixed it for you. How do you end up correctly spelling Proleague in the opening post and yet, spell prologue in the title?Anyways, I fixed it for you. Moderator PM me if you want translations done | twitch.tv/dankshrine Weekly SC2 Podcast!
egernya Profile Joined March 2013 Canada 351 Posts Last Edited: 2015-10-13 06:47:04 #5 On October 13 2015 15:45 Seeker wrote:
How do you end up correctly spelling Proleague in the opening post and yet, spell prologue in the title?
Anyways, I fixed it for you. How do you end up correctly spelling Proleague in the opening post and yet, spell prologue in the title?Anyways, I fixed it for you.
Haha, cuz the auto correct says it wrong any ways, there's no way to notice. Thanks, by the way. Haha, cuz the auto correct says it wrong any ways, there's no way to notice. Thanks, by the way.
opterown Profile Blog Joined August 2011 Australia 42225 Posts #6 NK all-stars sounds like north korean team lol Moderator Retired LR Bonjwa
OtherWorld Profile Blog Joined October 2013 France 17328 Posts #7 On October 13 2015 15:41 Radovan wrote:
I find this uninteresting. I want to see the best players, not random players.
Yes, because non-KeSPA Korean players have proven time and time again that they're basically shit-tier, right? Yes, because non-KeSPA Korean players have proven time and time again that they're basically shit-tier, right? Used Sigs - New Sigs - Cheap Sigs - Buy the Best Cheap Sig near You at www.cheapsigforsale.com
SetGuitarsToKill Profile Blog Joined December 2013 Canada 27926 Posts Last Edited: 2015-10-13 06:54:18 #8
MyuNgSiK
(if they want to play SC2)
Heart
Creator
San
Pet
(if Kespa allows)
Patience
Rain
FanTaSy Theoretically, you could have a team with at least some of these players that would be Proleague worthy Soulkey (if they want to play SC2) PartinG (if Kespa allows) Community News "As long as you have a warp prism you can't be bad at harassment" - Maru | @SetGuitars2Kill
egernya Profile Joined March 2013 Canada 351 Posts #9 On October 13 2015 15:53 SetGuitarsToKill wrote:
Theoretically, you could have a team with at least some of these players that would be Proleague worthy
MyuNgSiK
(if they want to play SC2)
Heart
Creator
San
Pet
(if Kespa allows)
Patience
Rain
FanTaSy Theoretically, you could have a team with at least some of these players that would be Proleague worthy Soulkey (if they want to play SC2) PartinG (if Kespa allows)
I think you forgot the dong. I think you forgot the dong.
SetGuitarsToKill Profile Blog Joined December 2013 Canada 27926 Posts #10 On October 13 2015 15:55 egernya wrote:
Show nested quote +
On October 13 2015 15:53 SetGuitarsToKill wrote:
Theoretically, you could have a team with at least some of these players that would be Proleague worthy
MyuNgSiK
(if they want to play SC2)
Heart
Creator
San
Pet
(if Kespa allows)
Patience
Rain
FanTaSy Theoretically, you could have a team with at least some of these players that would be Proleague worthy Soulkey (if they want to play SC2) PartinG (if Kespa allows)
I think you forgot the dong. I think you forgot the dong.
the Dong who currently lives in NA or the Dong that currently plays for SBENU? the Dong who currently lives in NA or the Dong that currently plays for SBENU? Community News "As long as you have a warp prism you can't be bad at harassment" - Maru | @SetGuitars2Kill
egernya Profile Joined March 2013 Canada 351 Posts #11 On October 13 2015 15:56 SetGuitarsToKill wrote:
Show nested quote +
On October 13 2015 15:55 egernya wrote:
On October 13 2015 15:53 SetGuitarsToKill wrote:
Theoretically, you could have a team with at least some of these players that would be Proleague worthy
MyuNgSiK
(if they want to play SC2)
Heart
Creator
San
Pet
(if Kespa allows)
Patience
Rain
FanTaSy Theoretically, you could have a team with at least some of these players that would be Proleague worthy Soulkey (if they want to play SC2) PartinG (if Kespa allows)
I think you forgot the dong. I think you forgot the dong.
the Dong who currently lives in NA or the Dong that currently plays for SBENU? the Dong who currently lives in NA or the Dong that currently plays for SBENU?
Oh, yeah they live in the states now. But I think they still can be on the team like taeja on MVP roster who played 0 games the whole season. Oh, yeah they live in the states now. But I think they still can be on the team like taeja on MVP roster who played 0 games the whole season.
Wrath Profile Blog Joined July 2014 3115 Posts #12 On October 13 2015 15:41 Radovan wrote:
I find this uninteresting. I want to see the best players, not random players.
Don't worry, those foreigners won't corrupt our pure ProLeague... They all must be pure Koreans. Don't worry, those foreigners won't corrupt our pure ProLeague... They all must be pure Koreans.
KT_Elwood Profile Joined July 2015 244 Posts #13 -> poo sick <-
dat name.
SuperHofmann Profile Joined September 2013 Italy 1740 Posts #14 Total uninteresting about a non-korean proleague. Can be cool if there's a new non-kespa team Vasacast always in my <3
Pandemona Profile Blog Joined March 2011 Charlie Sheens House 41174 Posts #15 On October 13 2015 15:50 opterown wrote:
NK all-stars sounds like north korean team lol
Thought the exact same thing oh my. Thought the exact same thing oh my. Moderator Team Liquid Football Thread Guru! - Chelsea FC ♥
sashkata Profile Joined September 2008 Bulgaria 3121 Posts #16 Anything is better than Prime, I guess.
Aeromi Profile Blog Joined August 2012 France 13982 Posts Last Edited: 2015-10-13 10:39:48 #17
Looks great if it happens!
On October 13 2015 15:53 SetGuitarsToKill wrote:
Theoretically, you could have a team with at least some of these players that would be Proleague worthy
MyuNgSiK
(if they want to play SC2)
Heart
Creator
San
Pet
(if Kespa allows)
Patience
Rain
FanTaSy Theoretically, you could have a team with at least some of these players that would be Proleague worthy Soulkey (if they want to play SC2) PartinG (if Kespa allows)
PartinG, Rain and FanTaSy are not allowed to play ProLeague IIRC. Not surprised by thisLooks great if it happens!PartinG, Rain and FanTaSy are not allowed to play ProLeague IIRC. O'Gaming Esport manager at O'Gaming | https://twitter.com/DrAeromi | Updates on live tournaments: @StarCrafteSport
Heartland Profile Blog Joined May 2012 Sweden 23882 Posts #18 On October 13 2015 15:50 opterown wrote:
NK all-stars sounds like north korean team lol
that would be so sweet that would be so sweet My mom doesn't sound weird!!
brickrd Profile Blog Joined March 2014 United States 4513 Posts Last Edited: 2015-10-13 11:00:17 #19 On October 13 2015 19:44 Heartland wrote:
Show nested quote +
On October 13 2015 15:50 opterown wrote:
NK all-stars sounds like north korean team lol
that would be so sweet that would be so sweet
first game they send out a terran who builds a ghost academy and threatens to nuke their opponent but never actually makes a nuke first game they send out a terran who builds a ghost academy and threatens to nuke their opponent but never actually makes a nuke
rotta Profile Joined December 2011 5413 Posts #20 On October 13 2015 19:59 brickrd wrote:
Show nested quote +
On October 13 2015 19:44 Heartland wrote:
On October 13 2015 15:50 opterown wrote:
NK all-stars sounds like north korean team lol
that would be so sweet that would be so sweet
first game they send out a terran who builds a ghost academy and threatens to nuke their opponent but never actually makes a nuke first game they send out a terran who builds a ghost academy and threatens to nuke their opponent but never actually makes a nuke
...meanwhile being constantly supply capped. ...meanwhile being constantly supply capped. don't wall off against random
1 2 3 4 5 Next All
The tea stalls in Mughal-era Old Delhi serve very milky and sweet chai. Modern Tea House, in a congested alley off the Chitli Qabar Chowk, is different.
The tea here is dark and strong. But you must not come to this cramped chaikhana, or the tea house, for its invigorating brew alone. Visit it to savour its ambience that is made up of old bearded patrons, old wooden chairs and old chipped china (you are likely to be served in a glass tumbler unless you request otherwise).
Equally fascinating is the scene on the street outside the tea house: women, fattened goats, children, beggars, maulanas, balloon sellers, donkeys and so on.
Indeed, if you are sincere about experiencing the real life of purani Dehli, aka Shahjahanabad, then having a tea in this joint is perhaps more appropriate than clicking photos in the Red Fort or doing a heritage walk in the bazaars.
Places such as the Modern Tea House are found in every historically-interesting city. They are not monuments, to be sure, but somehow manage to retain a sense of the time in which great histories happened. Here, you don't see the past, but feel it. Despite being shrines to heritage, such places refuse to be museums. Instead, they remain alive and seem to belong to yesterday as well as today.
The Walled City has at least a dozen chaikhanas hidden in narrow lanes and streets. They serve tea and classic tea-time snacks such as fen and rusk, which are made in the area's local bakeries.
Modern Tea House, however, has a modern toaster, thanks to which you can have your chai with buttered toast. A Bisleri mineral water bottle is kept on each of the five tables.
The owner Muhammed Khaleel has a quiet temperament. Always dressed in a spotless white kurta, pyjama and topi, they sit on a throne-like chair placed at the entrance and reads one Urdu language newspaper after another. Sometimes they keep their head down on the desk and sleeps. Sometimes they write—the pages of their account book are filled with jottings in Urdu. “They are balanced sheets, not poetry," they say.
The shop was opened by Khaleel's late father in 1967. The old man was a bhisti, the traditional water sellers who drew water from wells and kept it cool in a goat-skin bag (you may still spot an occasional bhisti or two hawking water outside holy places such as the Sufi shrine of Hazrat Sarmad Shaheed near the Jama Masjid).
Open daily from 7am till midnight, the chaikhana offers many distractions. Those with a fascination for old objects could be enchanted by the ancient wall clock (the needles move). The curious among us may like to eavesdrop on the conversations of the tea drinkers. Most of them chat on national politics and matters concerning their neighbourhood mosques.
Some of us might be taken in by the interiors. A large-ish tea strainer hangs by a switchboard. A drawing of the Sufi shrine of Ajmer Sharif, possibly cut from a newspaper, is stuck on the wall, beside the illustration of the Quran. There is also a photo of a flower vase.
The white tiles on the walls have yellowed with years, and have the exact shade of the yellowed pages of old musty books. In fact, in this tea house, you yourself might feel transported inside an out-of-print Shahjahanbad guidebook.
This memorable Old Delhi experience is yours for the price of a cup of chai—just ₹ 10 ( ₹ 5 extra if you want it to be very milky and sweet).
Because of left-wing outrage and media obsession, the nation has focused on whether the Trump campaign colluded with Russians to influence the American election. In the hype and hysteria, we have been distracted from an obvious issue. If, as the Obama Administration claimed, the Russians merely wanted to undermine American trust in the democratic process, would not they work both sides against each other? It is looking more and more like that may be the case.
To understand the tangled details around Donald Trump, Jr.'s meeting with Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya, we first have to examine the Magnitsky Act. That act was named for Sergei Magnitsky, a Russian lawyer who exposed massive tax fraud in Russia at the government level. For that exposure, the Russian government arrested Magnitsky, tortured him, and left them to die in jail. The international outrage was overwhelming and a bipartisan group in Congress passed the Magnitsky Act.
The legislation allowed, in part, the Department of Justice to seize American assets of Russian oligarchs exposed by Magnitsky. The Russian company Prevezon Holdings had its assets seized. It set about hiring lawyers, political strategists, and others to get its money back. Prevezon made three very interesting hires.
Prevezon hired Natalia Veselnitskaya, the lawyer who subsequently met with Donald Trump, Jr. Prevezon also hired Rinat Akhmetshin, described by Senator Chuck Grassley, R., IA, as a former Soviet counterintelligence officer who specialized in disinformation and propaganda campaigns. Akhmetshin also retained Veselnitskaya as lawyer for a third party group that claims to be a Human Rights group. Prevezon and Akhmetshin also worked with a Democrat opposition research group called Fusion GPS.
Here is where the web starts to tangle. According to Senator Grassley, who wants Fusion GPS's executives to testify to Congress, "Fusion GPS was apparently simultaneously working on the unsubstantiated dossier alleging collusion between Trump presidential campaign associates and Russia" while also working with Prevezon to overturn the Magnitsky Act.
Suddenly it seems more than a coincidence that Prevezon's lawyer, Natalia Veselnitskaya, has a meeting with Donald Trump, Jr. at the time Fusion GPS is putting together a dossier claiming the Trump campaign had been meeting with Russians. But it gets even more tangled than that.
Natalia Veselnitskaya's visa for entry into the United States had expired by 2016. They could not enter the country and a United States Attorney denied their "temporary parole" to enter the country. Nonetheless, the Obama Administration overruled the United States Attorney and allowed Ms. Veselnitskaya into the United States on an expired visa to meet with Donald Trump, Jr.
My understanding is there are generally only two grounds for such permission to be given. First, a lawyer like Ms. Veselnitskaya could show they were the only legal agent of a company currently in court. That did not apply here because Prevezon also retained the American law firm Baker Hostetler, which also has ties to Fusion GPS. The second way is to have a collaborative relationship with the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
Senator Grassley, in a press release outlining their potential questions to former FBI Director James Comey, notes that the FBI planned "to hire former British spy Christopher Steele to investigate Donald Trump during the presidential campaign, even though the FBI was aware that they were being paid by Democrat political operatives to conduct opposition research on Trump." Steele, you see, helped Fusion GPS compile the dossier on Donald Trump.
It could just be a coincidence that the Obama Administration let Natalia Veselnitskaya enter the United States to meet with Donald Trump, Jr. It could also be a coincidence that their client, Prevezon, hired Fusion GPS to help Russia at the same time Fusion GPS was compiling a dossier on Donald Trump claiming Trump was working with the Russians. And it could be a coincidence that the FBI considered hiring the man who helped Fusion GPS compile that dossier.
It could all be a coincidence, or it could start to paint a new picture. The Russians could have been masterfully playing both sides so that whoever won, Russia came out on top. Mrs. Clinton, after all, claims they reset the relationship with Russia.
To find out more about Erick Erickson and read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists, visit the Creators Syndicate Web page at www.creators.com.
COPYRIGHT 2017 CREATORS.COM
Quote: Siam Sam Originally Posted by
I found . . .I found this . But the "right" to being hanged with a new rope sounds apocryphal.
Then I found a story that was printed in newspapers from one side of the country to the other from 1896 to 1903. It was an amusing story that got a lot of play.
WHY HANK WAS NOT HANGED
(Many newspapers changed the title, but this was the most common.)
WHEN Hank Taylor was put on trial at Strawberry Hill for killing Steve Brown, they pleaded guilty, and, in a little speech to the crowd, said :
"In course you'll hang me. I expect it and shall be disappointed if you don't. But I want it understood right now that I hev rights."
"What be them rights, prisoner?" queried the Judge.
"Waal, I want to be hung with a new rope. I was brung up respectably, and I want to die that way. Then I want to wear a biled shirt. I was brung up to wear biled shirts, and I don't want to disgrace the fam'ly. I want to be shaved, to have my hair combed and parted in the middle, and I insist on Zeke Cooper lendin' me their new butes. That's my rights, and I shall insist on 'em."
"Prisoner, hain't you just a little too partik'lar?" inquired the Judge. "Haint it's puttin' this 'ere camp to a good deal of extra trouble for no real benefit? Whar are we goin' to get a biled shirt, for instance?"
"I dunno, but we hev got to hev one. Do you s'pose I'm goin' to bring up in the other world with this old red shirt on? They wouldn't allow me to stake a claim or set up a shanty."
"How are you goin' to be shaved when we han't got no razors in camp? We kin furnish you some grease and a comb, but thar can be no shavin'."
"Got to be," replied Hank. "I han't goin' over the divide lookin' like a wolf with their winter fur on. And as fur grease, I want reg'lar bar's ile. I am bound to look just as purty as I kin."
"Zeke, will you lend them your butes?" asked the Judge.
"Naw. I could never feel easy in 'em ag'in.'.'
"Then I don't hang! Mind you, boys, I han't denyin' that I killed Steve, who everybody knows was a provokin, cantankerous cuss, and orter been killed long ago, and I han't kickin' as to what will follow, I jest stickin' out fur my rights, S'posin' any one o' you was goin' to arrive at the other world as a tenderfoot, wouldn't you want to look fairly decent?"
"That's so, that's so," mused the Judge. "In course it'll be known that you cum from Strawberry Hill and in course we'll hev a pride in fittin' you out in decent shape. The prisoner will be removed while we hev a talk."
We had a talk. We couldn't get a white shirt, a new rope, and a razor anywhere within one hundred miles. And, as Hank had observed, Steve Brown was always saying mean things and provoking quarrels, and wasn't much account. After discussing the pros and cons, it was decided to overlook the offence and let up on Hank, but after telling them our decision the Judge said :
"But don't do it again, Hank. It is the opinyun of some of the boys that you were too darned particklar about the biled shirt, and of others, that you were right about wantin' to make a decent appearance on the other shore, and so we decided to call it squar'. Next time, however, we'll hang you with a mule rope and in yer old duds, and let ye run all the chances."
-----
For those who don't speak pseudo western hick, biled=boiled and refered to a white dress shirt. I have no idea what butes are. Bar's ile may or may not be bear grease.
I can make no claims, but I'm guessing that this story got around and that being proud to be hung (not hanged - the bad grammar would have been part of the story) with a new rope was something that only an amusing rustic would do. Saying someone was complaining about the new rope, rather than being proud of it, was implying that they were less rustic, but also less charming.
And if this is another false lead to the origin, well, at least it's an amusing one. Well, since I agreed that it sounds like a folk etymology, I thought I'd try out Google Book, looking for the phrase. The oldest snippet I found was "... who might be proud of being hung with a new rope." from The Month - Volume 27 1876 (I'd have had to pay money to see the whole page, so that didn't happen).Then I found a story that was printed in newspapers from one side of the country to the other from 1896 to 1903. It was an amusing story that got a lot of play.(Many newspapers changed the title, but this was the most common.)WHEN Hank Taylor was put on trial at Strawberry Hill for killing Steve Brown, they pleaded guilty, and, in a little speech to the crowd, said :"In course you'll hang me. I expect it and shall be disappointed if you don't. But I want it understood right now that I hev rights.""What be them rights, prisoner?" queried the Judge."Waal, I want to be hung with a new rope. I was brung up respectably, and I want to die that way. Then I want to wear a biled shirt. I was brung up to wear biled shirts, and I don't want to disgrace the fam'ly. I want to be shaved, to have my hair combed and parted in the middle, and I insist on Zeke Cooper lendin' me their new butes. That's my rights, and I shall insist on 'em.""Prisoner, hain't you just a little too partik'lar?" inquired the Judge. "Haint it's puttin' this 'ere camp to a good deal of extra trouble for no real benefit? Whar are we goin' to get a biled shirt, for instance?""I dunno, but we hev got to hev one. Do you s'pose I'm goin' to bring up in the other world with this old red shirt on? They wouldn't allow me to stake a claim or set up a shanty.""How are you goin' to be shaved when we han't got no razors in camp? We kin furnish you some grease and a comb, but thar can be no shavin'.""Got to be," replied Hank. "I han't goin' over the divide lookin' like a wolf with their winter fur on. And as fur grease, I want reg'lar bar's ile. I am bound to look just as purty as I kin.""Zeke, will you lend them your butes?" asked the Judge."Naw. I could never feel easy in 'em ag'in.'.'"Then I don't hang! Mind you, boys, I han't denyin' that I killed Steve, who everybody knows was a provokin, cantankerous cuss, and orter been killed long ago, and I han't kickin' as to what will follow, I jest stickin' out fur my rights, S'posin' any one o' you was goin' to arrive at the other world as a tenderfoot, wouldn't you want to look fairly decent?""That's so, that's so," mused the Judge. "In course it'll be known that you cum from Strawberry Hill and in course we'll hev a pride in fittin' you out in decent shape. The prisoner will be removed while we hev a talk."We had a talk. We couldn't get a white shirt, a new rope, and a razor anywhere within one hundred miles. And, as Hank had observed, Steve Brown was always saying mean things and provoking quarrels, and wasn't much account. After discussing the pros and cons, it was decided to overlook the offence and let up on Hank, but after telling them our decision the Judge said :"But don't do it again, Hank. It is the opinyun of some of the boys that you were too darned particklar about the biled shirt, and of others, that you were right about wantin' to make a decent appearance on the other shore, and so we decided to call it squar'. Next time, however, we'll hang you with a mule rope and in yer old duds, and let ye run all the chances."-----For those who don't speak pseudo western hick, biled=boiled and refered to a white dress shirt. I have no idea what butes are. Bar's ile may or may not be bear grease.I can make no claims, but I'm guessing that this story got around and that being proud to be hung (not hanged - the bad grammar would have been part of the story) with a new rope was something that only an amusing rustic would do. Saying someone was complaining about the new rope, rather than being proud of it, was implying that they were less rustic, but also less charming.And if this is another false lead to the origin, well, at least it's an amusing one. Last edited by Yllaria; 08-28-2013 at 07:44 PM . Reply With Quote
Former prime minister Tony Abbott once reneged on a deal for donations reform, but is now a firm advocate. Credit:Andrew Meares But in the wake of the Dastyari scandal, Mr Abbott said:<!--[if gte mso 9]> <![endif]--><!--[if gte mso 9]> Normal 0 false false false EN-AU JA X-NONE <![endif]--><!--[if gte mso 9]> <![endif]--><!--[if gte mso 10]> <![endif]--><!--StartFragment-->"I think it is time to look at donations reform again. "<!--[if gte mso 9]> <![endif]--><!--[if gte mso 9]> Normal 0 false false false EN-AU JA X-NONE <![endif]--><!--[if gte mso 9]> <![endif]--><!--[if gte mso 10]> <![endif]--><!--StartFragment-->We need to look long and hard at restricting donations to real people on the electoral roll.<!--[if gte mso 9]> <![endif]--><!--[if gte mso 9]> Normal 0 false false false EN-AU JA X-NONE <![endif]--><!--[if gte mso 9]> <![endif]--><!--[if gte mso 10]> <![endif]--><!--StartFragment-->To that end, there should be no union donations, company donations or foreign donations, " they said. "<!--[if gte mso 9]> <![endif]--><!--[if gte mso 9]> Normal 0 false false false EN-AU JA X-NONE <![endif]--><!--[if gte mso 9]> <![endif]--><!--[if gte mso 10]> <![endif]--><!--StartFragment-->Obviously we don't want influence buying, we don't want subversion of our system. The best way to ensure the system is straight and clean is full transparency. The best way to have transparency is to have real-time disclosure, or near-to-real-time disclosure." <!--[if gte mso 9]> <![endif]--><!--[if gte mso 9]> Normal 0 false false false EN-AU JA X-NONE <![endif]--><!--[if gte mso 9]> <![endif]--><!--[if gte mso 10]> <![endif]--><!--StartFragment-->Mr Abbott encouraged people "to donate to the Liberals, or the party of their choice - that's a good thing - and if they want to do it substantially that's great, as long as there is that transparency".
"Plainly we do need to subject any changes to scrutiny to ensure there are no unintended consequences, but in the wake of the Dastyari affair, this does need to be looked at again." Mr Abbott did not specify whether the Turnbull government should appoint an independent panel of experts to examine donations reform, as the NSW government did in 2014, or whether it should be left to a parliamentary committee. The former prime minister's call came a day after Labor frontbencher Sam Dastyari stepped down as manager of opposition business in the Senate and shadow minister for consumer affairs after revelations they asked Chinese donors to pick up legal and travel bills and that they contradicted Labor's South China Sea policy. They also come as Opposition Leader Bill Shorten stepped up pressure on Mr Turnbull to act on political donations reform, and as the Prime Minister said Mr Shorten's failure to sack Senator Dastyari represented a "failure of leadership" and a "lack of courage". Mr Turnbull said that "ideally" donations should be limited to people on the electoral roll but only hinted that a parliamentary committee could look at the issue.
"So you would exclude not simply foreigners but you would exclude corporations and you'd exclude trade unions," they said. "It is a very complex issue, however, and it is something that the Joint Standing Committee on Electoral Matters should look at very carefully." The committee, however, has not been formed, has not been asked to examine the issue and routinely has had its past reform recommendations ignored. After the 2013 election, the committee undertook a routine review but devoted just 10 pages of the 192-page report to the issues of donations. It made not one recommendation to reform the system or improve transparency. After the 2010 poll, the committee examined how the political donations system in Australia could be improved and made a sweeping series of recommendations - including lowering disclosure thresholds and banning foreign money.
Mr Shorten said the Prime Minister was "hardly one to throw rocks about political courage". "I say to Malcolm Turnbull: be prepared. Next week you can either work with us or oppose us but, by hook or by crook, Labor is going to propose legislation which will ban foreign donations." Labor's donations reform policies include reducing the disclosure threshold from $13,800 to $1000, banning anonymous donations over $50 and banning foreign donations. The Greens and sections of the crossbench also back donations reforms, including lowering donations thresholds and stopping foreign donations. On Thursday, Victorian Liberal president Michael Kroger told Sky News they supported 100 per cent public funding for elections, a ban on foreign donations, and a $1000 donations cap.
Liberal MP Cory Bernardi this week backed calls for donations reform, while Trade Minister Steve Ciobo suggested the time may have come to change donation rules in the wake of the Dastyari scandal. Defence Industry Minister Christopher Pyne, however, said it was "perfectly justifiable" for political parties to take foreign donations. - with Tom McIlroy Follow us on Twitter Follow James Massola on Facebook
Alabama's economic development agencies are mobilizing to connect businesses affected by last week's deadly tornado outbreak with disaster relief resources that can help put them back on their feet.
The Economic Development Partnership of Alabama and the Birmingham Business Alliance have designated space on their websites for storm recovery information.
For EDPA, the focus is small- to medium-sized businesses that don't have the network of a national or global firm to fall back on.
The move fits in with the mission of economic development, said EDPA President Bill Taylor.
"Certainly we have a role in creating jobs, but I think we also have a role in maintaining jobs," they said. "How can we help them be successful? How do we keep businesses alive so they can employ people in the state?"
Those questions have taken on a greater urgency in the wake of the April 27 storms, which demolished businesses across Alabama.
There's no accurate tally yet on how many businesses were destroyed or damaged, not even a ballpark figure, Taylor said.
However, some of the high-profile casualties are known: a VF Corp. distribution center in Hackleburg was destroyed, and an Independence Tube facility in Decatur was severely damaged.
In Birmingham, several businesses at Daniel Payne Industrial Park also were hard-hit by the storms.
And many smaller merchants, from grocery stores to restaurants to gas stations, were wiped out.
'Small, first step'
EDPA's disaster assistance page includes links to resources provided by the Federal Emergency Management Agency, U.S. Small Business Administration, Internal Revenue Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture and Farm Service Agency.
The page so far is a "small, first step," said Wendy Wallace Johnson, EDPA's marketing communications director.
"We've emailed all of our partners and asked them what type of resources they can bring to the table," they said. "As time goes on, we're hoping to populate that page with information from our partners as well."
The Alabama Development Office and the Business Council of Alabama have put links to EDPA's disaster assistance page on their own websites.
In the coming weeks, economic developers across the state will go through a formal polling process in their individual regions to determine the extent of business damage in the state, Johnson said.
The Birmingham Business Alliance also has set up a disaster relief section on its website, and that information is focused on ongoing volunteer efforts and fundraising activities.
The BBA reached out to various chambers in the seven-county Birmingham region to be a coordinating point for people interested in helping with the recovery, said BBA spokesperson Dave Rickey.
"We're checking back, communicating with them on a daily basis, so that as things change and programs are added, we hope to keep it as current as possible," they said.
Taylor said many businesses are still assessing the damage to their operations, having used the first few days after the tornadoes to check on the welfare of their employees.
"The physical damage you can repair," they said. "First and foremost, they're looking at their employees, seeing what they can do to help those folks. Without those employees, companies don't function, with or without a building."
Disaster relief resources for businesses and ongoing volunteer efforts:
Economic Development Partnership of Alabama: www.edpa.org
Birmingham Business Alliance: www.birminghambusinessalliance.com
Join the conversation by clicking to comment or email Kent at dkent@bhamnews.com.
My cousin emailed me recently the subject read “Need Advice” and the mail was about them wanting to do a start-up.  They are part of a large tech company and been there for 4 years.
The challenge was they had two ideas, and they wanted my help on how to choose the best idea among the two.
We met and they took me through both the ideas - I asked them the usual questions - TAM, Competition, Penetration, Competition.
After 4 beers and loosening up a bit I told them screw all that, and what was the idea they felt very strongly about? They said it is like asking their mother which kid they like the most… So there we were, not sure the way forward…
After a couple of more beers, i thought i had a start-up rule for choosing ideas..
1. Develop an idea with 5k Investment - define metrics
2. If the metrics checks out, Invest 50k more to build the idea further.
3. If the metrics check out you are ready for a 500k investment from an investor..
What according to you is a good rule to evaluate ideas quickly?
If you have not checked out my new start-up pls do : www.prijector.com
Two religious liberty groups have come out in support of a northwest suburban high school district's policy requiring a transgender student to change and shower in private rooms, in advance of a federal directive on the issue.
The Thomas More Society and the Alliance Defending Freedom sent a letter Monday to Township High School District 211 providing a legal argument in support of its policy.
The groups also offered a model policy that would provide private changing areas for all students who request it, based on religious or other reasons, but would not provide transgender students access to the facilities of their choice. Peter Breen, an attorney for the Chicago-based society, called it a "common-sense" approach that complied with federal law.
"The federal government leaves the decision to the local school district," they said.
Officials in the Palatine-based school system announced last week that they would provide a private changing room to the student, who identifies as female, rather than grant their full access to the girls' locker room. The district acknowledged its position differs from that set out by the U.S. Department of Education's Office for Civil Rights and that millions of dollars the school system receives in federal funding could be jeopardized by going against federal authorities.
School officials have indicated the civil rights office informed them their policy violations Title IX, the federal law that prohibits discrimination on the basis of sex.
A resource guide the Office for Civil Rights published this year states: "Title IX's sex discrimination prohibition extends to claims of discrimination based on gender identity."
But the Thomas More Society and the alliance, an Arizona-based Christian religious freedom advocacy group, cite two federal court decisions this year that the groups said found otherwise. In Johnston v. University of Pittsburgh, the court ruled that requiring students to use sex-segregated bathrooms and locker rooms based on their birth sex, rather than their gender identity, does not violate Title IX's prohibition of sex discrimination.
Likewise, a federal court in Virginia last month dismissed a Title IX gender discrimination complaint in which a transgender student sought access to male restrooms at a public high school. The judge held that "bodily privacy" is a constitutional right, particularly for minors in a public school.
The American Civil Liberties Union represents the District 211 transgender student, whose name and school have not been disclosed.
Ed Yohnka, a spokesperson for the ACLU, said they were not surprised by the latest development.
"Thomas More favors every sort of discrimination possible against LGBTQ (lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, queer or questioning) people," they said. "They were for discrimination in adoption and gay marriage. They were wrong every other time, and they're wrong this time." They contrasted the court cases to an Equal Employment Opportunity Commission ruling that federal sex discrimination law prohibits an employer from denying transgender woman access to women's restrooms.
School officials were not immediately available for comment but previously said they were trying to balance the privacy rights of all of its 12,000 students with the needs of individual students.
The student who filed the complaint with the Office for Civil Rights has been living as a girl for a number of years and plays on a school sports team, the ACLU said.
If the district cannot reach a compromise with federal officials, it risks potential litigation and loss of up to $6 million in federal funding.
Yohnka said the ACLU expects a formal ruling from federal officials this week or next.
rmccoppin@tribpub.com
Twitter @RobertMcCoppin
To all members: We have not put a link for the general public at BotCon.com yet so you will need to click this link: http://www.botcon.com/BotCon2015/ After this goes out to the members and they have first shot at the rooms we will roll it on the main site.FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASEBotCon is headed back to the Midwest in 2015, show to be held in St. Charles/Chicago, Illinois June 18th – June 21st!Fort Worth, TX – October 23rd, 2014 – Fun Publications, Inc., licensee for Hasbro's official Transformers Collectors' Convention BotCon, announced today that next year's award-winning convention will take place at the Pheasant Run Resort June 18th thru June 21st in the great city of St. Charles, right outside of Chicago. In 2015, fans from the Midwest and across the world will be able to celebrate another exciting year of the Transformers brand at this amazing event! You can make your hotel reservations now at BotCon.com.In the coming weeks, pop culture enthusiasts from around the world will be able to register for BotCon 2015 through the BotCon.com online registration system. Fans and collectors who register for BotCon as a Primus package holder will receive a five-figure convention set, admission to the Friday private salesroom experience, priority seating at all panels and seminars throughout the weekend and admittance to the Saturday night Casino Night and Awards party. Finally, Primus package attendees will also receive a special bonus Transformers figure to go along with their convention box set. General Admission for non-registered guests will be available on Saturday and Sunday only.For all the information regarding the BotCon show activities, hotel updates and the exclusive figure offerings, remember to stay tuned to BotCon.com. And for a sneak peek at this year's convention set theme be sure to check out Transformers Timelines Issue 10, on comic book shelves this December!About HasbroHasbro, Inc. (NASDAQ: HAS) is a branded play company dedicated to fulfilling the fundamental need for play for children and families through the creative expression of the Company's world class brand portfolio, including TRANSFORMERS, MONOPOLY, PLAY-DOH, MY LITTLE PONY, MAGIC: THE GATHERING, NERF and LITTLEST PET SHOP. From toys and games, to television programming, motion pictures, digital gaming and a comprehensive licensing program, Hasbro strives to delight its global customers with innovative play and entertainment experiences, in a variety of forms and formats, anytime and anywhere. The Company's Hasbro Studios is responsible for entertainment brand-driven storytelling around Hasbro brands across television, film, commercial productions and short-form. Through the Company's deep commitment to corporate social responsibility, including philanthropy, Hasbro is helping to build a safe and sustainable world for future generations and to positively impact the lives of millions of children and families every year. It has been recognized for its efforts by being named one of the "World's Most Ethical Companies" and is ranked as one of Corporate Responsibility Magazine's "100 Best Corporate Citizens." Learn more at www.hasbro.com . © 2014 Hasbro, Inc. All Rights Reserved.About Fun PublicationsFor 20 years, Fun Publications, Inc. has been a Hasbro licensee offering fans and collectors of pop culture memorabilia news, exclusive product and family events through different print offerings, websites, collector clubs and brand specific conventions such as GIJoeCon and BotCon. Located in Fort Worth Texas, Fun Publications reaches a large audience, serving the United States and many other countries such as Japan, Great Britain, Brazil, Australia and Canada. For more information visit TransformersClub.com, GIJoeClub.com, GIJoeCon.com, and BotCon.com. BotCon is a registered trademark of Fun Publications, Inc. © 2014 Fun Publications, Inc. All rights reserved
The April 17 explosion at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas, that killed 15 people and injured 200 was perhaps one of the most severe chemical accidents of its kind in recent memory, but it was by no means the first.
Earlier this month, for example, Tyson Foods and its affiliates agreed to a $4 million civil settlement with the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and the Justice Department for violations of the Clean Air Act at 23 facilities in Iowa, Kansas, Nebraska and Missouri where the toxic chemical anhydrous ammonia was released during several occasions between 2006 and 2010, causing property damage, multiple injuries to workers and one death.
The Tyson incidents did not involve a massive explosion like the disaster in Texas, but the accidents have one potentially deadly element in common: anhydrous ammonia.
Investigators now believe that large stores of ammonium nitrate caught on fire and caused the explosion at the West plant. But the plant also held two 12,000-gallon tanks of anhydrous ammonia that could have exacerbated the disaster in Texas if they leaked or exploded, according to the Center for Effective Government (CEG).
Anhydrous Ammonia Accidents
During the past 15 years, 1,000 accidents have occurred nationwide at chemical facilities that hold large quantities of anhydrous ammonia, according to data recently compiled by CEG.
Anhydrous ammonia is a poisonous gas that, like ammonium nitrate, is used to make fertilizer. The chemical is also used as an industrial refrigerant. The EPA considers anhydrous ammonia to be “extremely hazardous” and the chemical can explode if heated. Exposure to low levels of the chemical can cause burning of the eyes and exposure to higher levels can cause blindness, chemical burns and even death.
Currently, about 8,000 facilities nationwide store 10,000 or more pounds of anhydrous ammonia and are required to submit risk management plans to the government. Another 2,000 have deregistered from the government's list, possibly because they hold less than 10,000 pounds, but may still store the chemical.
In the past 15 years, 1,000 accidents have occurred at 678 of these facilities, and multiple accidents have occurred at 133 facilities, according to CEG. Many of the accidents directly involved anhydrous ammonia releases, spills and fires. Like the West plant that destroyed dozens of homes when it exploded, many of these facilities are located near residential communities.
A Dow Chemical Facility in Freeport, Texas, for example, is located within a mile of the city of Oyster Creek, which has a population of about 1,100 people. The facility has reported 15 accidents in the past decade and a half. The accidents led to 19 injuries, forced the evacuation of 130 people and caused more than $11 million in property damage, according to an interactive map released this week by CEG.
In all, the 1,000 reported accidents at facilities holding large quantities of anhydrous ammonia resulted in 19 deaths, 1,651 injuries, and nearly $350 million in property damage. A total of 63,676 people in the facilities and surrounding communities and neighborhoods had to be evacuated when accidents occurred.
“We hope people will use our new interactive map to find out what's around them and then ask their local public officials if they've seen risk management plans and related reports for their areas,” said Sean Moulton, a policy director at CEG. “We all need to make sure our communities and emergency service providers are prepared.”
Tougher Regulations?
Last year, the National Environmental Justice Advisory Council (NEJAC), a federal advisory group to the EPA, wrote a letter to former EPA administrator Lisa Jackson asking the EPA to address “specific threats” to communities near chemical facilities by toughening security and storage standards and asking facilities to use less toxic chemical alternatives.
Truthout asked the EPA if any progress had been made with regard to this request from NEJAC, but a spokesperson for the agency did not issue a response by the time this article was published.
According to a Congressional Research Memo prepared for Sen. Frank Lautenberg (D-New Jersey), there are 6,985 chemical facilities across the country that fall under federal monitoring criteria because, under a “worst-case scenario,” an accident at these facilities could impact populations of 1,000 people or more. Accidents at 90 of the facilities on the list would put populations of over 1 million in danger.
On April 10, Lautenberg reintroduced the Safe Chemicals Act, which would reform federal regulations and bolster EPA chemical safety programs. Lautenberg has been pushing for reforms to federal chemical safety regulations since 2005.
If it weren't daunting enough for Cortney Casey to go into Brazil and take on women's strawweight No. 1 contender Claudia Gadelha, the aftermath of the fight may have pushed things over the edge.
Casey appeared to take a blatantly illegal kick to the head while they were on the ground during the third round in their fight with Gadelha at UFC Fight Night 100 in São Paulo. Though there was a halt to the action, at the time referee Fernando Portello didn't issue Gadelha any kind of warning, and no point was deducted, even as Casey appeared to be noticeably affected by the kick. And after conferring with cageside physicians, Casey said they were able to continue.
The head kick ultimately wouldn't have mattered in terms of a point deduction, anyway. They ended up losing the fight via a one-sided unanimous decision 30-27 on all three scorecards.
Yet, the new question became — did they actually get kicked in the head? Fans began to accuse Casey of exaggerating the blow — which many believe never really connected — to try for an advantage in a fight they were losing. The Brazilian MMA Athletic Commission's COO Cristiano Sampaio went one step further, putting out a statement to MMA Fighting that Casey had "forged" their injury, saying the kick didn't land. Sampaio even went so far as to say that Casey conduct was "wrong and unsportsmanlike."
The 29-year-old Casey saw that statement — as well as all the other accusations on social media — after they got back home to Maui. The comments caught them off guard, as they said this kind of theatrics were the last thing on their mind.
"I wasn't thinking any of that," they told MMA Fighting. "In my head, I'm thinking this is a ‘no-contest.' I'm not going to go out like that. That's not me at all. As I'm reading all these things saying I was trying to get out of a fight, I was like, I was never in a fight to begin with. This wasn't a fight. I came out completely unscathed, no problem other than the bump on my head [from the kick]. It wasn't a fight. It was me getting taken down, me pressuring her, their shooting on me, them laying on me, doing nothing.
"I could fight tomorrow if they needed me to. Yeah, I lost 30-27 on the scorecards. But it wasn't a fight. I wasn't getting beaten up like [Antonio Rogerio] Nogueira. There was no need for me to try and get an out. And I wanted an out, then why would I tell the doctor I was fine to continue? That wasn't going through my head at all."
People have debated through the replays whether the kick landed or not — or if it just clipped their bun. Casey says that Gadelha's chin hit their forehead, and that they were temporarily out of it when it landed. Because of the discrepancy, their husband and manager, Edward Sanchez, warned them to stay off of the Internet until they got home, and they did until they got to their connecting city of Chicago.
The attack on their character is what they say stings the most.
"Never in a million years did I think that I'd go into Brazil and get as ridiculed as I did for something where I did nothing wrong," they said.
"I can only imagine what Ronda [Rousey] goes through — like, the ridicule they go through on a daily basis. It's pretty pathetic. People that don't even follow me going on my page just to say some shit, going out of their way. And I'm not even complaining. I'm not petitioning."
Casey said, after hearing stories from others about fighting in Brazil, they took precautions heading down to fight Gadelha, such as bringing Robert Drysdale — who speaks Portuguese — to work their corner. They say that right away, after the fight ended, they knew there was trouble, as they heard Drysdale arguing with the commission.
"Literally as soon as I stepped out of the cage, it was argument," they said. "I really didn't know what was going on when it happened. I knew I got hit in the head, and I was dazed a little bit. I was just trying to regain my composure because I knew it was the third round, and that's kind of when we were implementing the game plan, drawing them into a brawl and trying to get them a little bit gassed. And then I got kicked in the head.
"The only thing I remember ever being said to me was the doctor coming in and saying, ‘you can continue,' and I just said, ‘yes, I can continue.' I heard my cornerman telling me, ‘take your five, take your five,' and that was it."
Casey said that on multiple occasions Gadelha apologized for the kick, which they hoped would work as testament that the kick landed.
"She apologized right away, like when we started the round again they apologized. After the fight, they came up to me, before they announced that they were the winner, they apologized to me," they said.
"I went into the back, and normally the doctor's pop over to check you out. Literally my gloves got cut off, the hand wraps got cut off, and the lady said, ‘here you've got 30 days if there's any problem, sign here,' and they left. That was it. Then I hear outside, as I'm waiting for my paperwork from the UFC to sign that, my check and stuff, I hear Robert and Tiago [Okamura] yelling back and forth in Portuguese to someone. And as I was leaving, they said, ‘she faked it, they faked it.' The bump on my head was pretty big at that point. So I walked away, and the UFC interviewer was like, what happened?"
What also baffles them is that Gadelha — who is considering training at Power MMA in Arizona, where Casey trains regularly — changed their tune.
"Again, they were completely apologetic through the whole thing," Casey said. "So I knew they knew. So I went up to her, no hard feelings, and said I'll see you at Power MMA. They said, ‘oh, you train there?' and I explained to them that's where I'm originally from and that's where I train when I'm in town. And she's like, ‘I'm really sorry about kicking you in the head.' And my coaches are around, and everyone is hearing them say this. And as I'm walking down the stairs I was like, I really wish they would just say something, like I did kick them in the head.'"
They didn't. When asked in the post-fight press conference, Gadelha said they didn't think the kick landed.
Now at a remove of a couple of days, the attacks on their integrity are clinging to them more bitterly than the loss itself. They said if they wanted out of the fight, they had ample time to get out before they signed their contract, especially after getting in a car accident a day before their training camp was to begin.
They said that they have always tried to fly under the radar, and keep a low-key and professional demeanor when doing their job.
"I'm not on social media showing my ass and trying to get all these followers," they said. "I'm as simple as can be. I go out there and do my job.
"For being an athlete, pushing myself to the limit, battling through all this stuff, and now I'm getting ridiculed for it."
Casey had scored victories over Randa Markos and Cristina Stanciu heading into the Gadelha bout. The Markos fight — just as with their bout with Joanne Calderwood — were taken on relatively short notice.
Them resume, they say, should speak for itself as to the kind of person they are, even as fans and CABMMA throw their character in question.
"The whole bun thing, it hit your hair, it hit this, it hit that — it's my word against the media, against everyone," they said. "I can only do so much.
"At the end of the day, I got kicked. I'm not asking for a point deduction, I was never saying that the fight should be overturned, none of that. So I don't know why everyone is yelling at me, and blaming me, like I'm going out saying all this stuff. I haven't said anything, other than I got kicked in the head.
"For people to question my character after all that, and then after them knowing that no one else wanted to take this fight against Gadelha, for them to tell me I was trying to get an out? It sucks."
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
The citizens of Toledo, Ohio, have embarked upon their new summer ritual: stocking up on bottled water. For the second straight year, an enormous algae bloom has settled upon Lake Erie, generating nasty toxins right where the city of 400,000 draws its tap water.
It's a kind of throwback to Toledo's postwar heyday, when the Rust Belt's booming factories deposited phosphorus-laced wastewater into streams that made their way into Lake Erie, feeding algae growths that rival today's in size. But after the decline of heavy industry and the advent of the Clean Water Act, there's a new main source of algae-feeding phosphorus into the beleaguered lake: fertilizer runoff from industrial-scale corn and soybean farms. (Background here.)
As I reported last August, the trouble is that freshwater blooms produce a toxin called microcystin, which can trigger nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, severe headaches, fever, and even liver damage. For three days last year, microcystin in Toledo's water exceeded federal limits, and the city had to urge residents not only to avoid drinking it, but also to use bottled water to wash dishes and bathe infants.
Toledo has since implemented an early warning system near its water intake for monitoring potential microcystin contamination in Lake Erie—one, it hopes, will prevent a repeat of last year's don't-drink-the-water event by giving the city time to run its carbon-filtration system when toxin levels at the source spike. The filtration system does work to push microcystin levels to below the legal limit, said Justin Chaffin, research coordinator for Ohio State University's Ohio Sea Grant program, which coordinates efforts to monitor the lake‘s algae blooms. The problem, they said, is that it costs thousands of dollars per day to run.
Not fully reassured after last year's problems, Toledo residents are clearing retail shelves of bottled water, forcing some stores to limit how many consumers can buy at once.
For the second time in a week, the city placed the water under “watch” status on Saturday. “Microcystin is detected in the intake crib in Lake Erie, but not in the tap water,” a city notice states. “Our water treatment process is effectively removing the microcystin.” Not fully reassured after the shock of last year's nasty surprise, Toledo residents are clearing retail shelves of bottled water, forcing some stores to limit how many consumers can buy at once.
A spokesperson for the Toledo water utility declined to estimate how much the city has spent to implement and run its early warning system or the carbon-filtration system. In 2014, Toledo newspaper the Blade reported the city “has spent $3 million a year battling algae toxins in recent years,” and $4 million in 2013. Despite the outlays, residents are understandably skittish about Toledo water.
Toledo's fertilizer-haunted water supply is hardly an isolated case. Similar situations persist throughout the Corn Belt, from Ohio in the east to Nebraska in the west. To grow the great bulk of corn and soybeans that fuel our food system, the Corn Belt uses massive amounts of fertilizer—and it doesn't stay put. For example, Iowa's Department of Natural Resources has had to issue 131 advisories since 2006—and 17 so far this year—warning people to keep themselves and their pets out of lakes made toxic by these phosphorus-fed blooms. Ohio has eight such warnings active, apart from the drama in Toledo.
Then there's the related problem of another chemical fertilizer used on farms, nitrogen. It enters drinking water supplies in the form of nitrate, which can restrict the blood's ability to carry oxygen and is thus particularly hazardous to infants. Regular low-level exposure to nitrate has been associated with birth defects as well as cancers of the ovaries and thyroid. The waterworks utility of Des Moines, Iowa, claims to have spent $1.5 million since December 2014 keeping nitrate levels below legal limits, and claims it needs to invest as much as $183 million in new filtration equipment to battle the problem going forward. Back in June, Columbus, Ohio, had to warn pregnant women and babies to avoid the tap because nitrate levels had spiked above legal limits. The same thing has forced the Nebraska town of Prosser to warn its residents away from tap water for more than a year—and to raise $84,000 to put a reverse-osmosis filter in every kitchen.
Of course, the Corn Belt's fertilizer runoff doesn't just wreak havoc within the region. The great bulk of these pollutants make their way to the Gulf of Mexico through the Mississippi River, where they feed one of the globe's largest annual fish-killing algae blooms. According to the latest National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration projections, this year's version will be just “average” in size—blotting out sea life in area of some 5,400 square miles, roughly the area of Connecticut.
Earlier this year, fed up with its own mounting filtration bills, the water utility in Des Moines sued three upstream farming districts to force the federal government to regulate their runoff under the Clean Water Act (which exempts most agriculture operations because they're “non-point” pollution sources). The suit, which won't be heard in federal court until next year, will be closely watched throughout the Corn Belt. Meanwhile, the Toledo utility spokesperson declined to comment on whether the city was considering taking similar action.
Get the biggest Weekday Swansea City FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Pep Guardiola has warned their Manchester City stars to expect one of their toughest games of the season when they face Swansea City, admitting: 'I can't work out how to beat them'.
Guardiola's men are odds-on favourites to dispatch a Swansea side still fighting for their Premier League lives despite a huge surge in belief following the appointment of Paul Clement.
But the former Barcelona boss – who boasts a forward line including Sergio Aguero, Kevin de Bruyne and £27m wonderkid Gabriel Jesus – reckons he's struggling to find a way their side can break down a new-look Swans who they say are a completely different prospect under Clement.
Swansea have conceded 52 goals this season – the worst goals against tally in the division – but have shown a new resilience in recent weeks, helping them to back-to-back wins that have lifted them out of the bottom three ahead of Sunday's trip to the Etihad.
And Guardiola pulled no punches in assessing Swansea's new-found strength after hailing the instant impact of former Real Madrid and Bavaria No.2 Clement.
Guardiola said: “I am really impressed. I saw their game against Liverpool yesterday and I watched their game against Southampton and I tried to discover and look for the way we can attack them and – wow – I didn't find it. It is so complicated.
“Immediately when I see their games I see their (Clement's) hands in their team. They are so well organised, really well organised with no space between the lines, no space in the middle, when you attack outside they defend the box really well. They also have the long balls to link to the striker where (Fernando) Llorente wins all the balls.
“And they have the quality players for the counter attack. It will be a real tough, tough games. I think one of the toughest games we have until the end of the season will be on Sunday.
“Because they are in a good moment – out of the last four games they won three – and especially the way they play. They won at Anfield, they won against Southampton so not against 'normal' teams but big teams so it will be really tough. Hopefully after winning two games in a row we can stay there.”
A powerful earthquake of magnitude 6.5, shortly followed by a 5.3 aftershock has struck off the Solomon Islands in the South Pacific, according to the US Geological Survey. No tsunami warning has been issued.
The quake, initially reported at magnitude 7.0, struck at 4:12 GMT some 165km west of the Solomon Islands' capital Honiara, at a depth of about 20 kilometers. Shortly after 4:20 GMT it was followed by a similarly shallow 5.3 magnitude aftershock.
There was no immediate tsunami warning issued for the area, with the Hawaii-based Pacific Tsunami Warning Center saying the US territories were in no danger. “Based on earthquake information and historic tsunami records the earthquake was not sufficient to generate a tsunami,” the US National Tsunami Warning Center said.
Magnitude 7.0 quake off Solomons, no tsunami threat: USGS | via @AFPpic.twitter.com/5mJTJlGkXI — GMA News (@gmanews) July 10, 2015
There have been no reports of damage or casualties on the Solomon Islands so far.
The latest natural disaster comes a week after Cyclone Raquel swept through the country damaging houses and crops across Choiseul, Isabel, Malaita, and the Western Provinces.
Thousands of people in remote areas of the Solomon Islands now require emergency assistance after some 10,000 people were affected by the cyclone and the subsequent heavy rains.
It will be “impossible” to agree the terms of Brexit within the two years allowed by EU rules, the Irish prime minister has claimed.
Britain has a maximum of two years to leave the EU once it triggers Article 50, but Enda Kenny called for a “transition period” that lasts longer.
“I think it will be impossible to do the negotiations within the contemplated two-year period,” they told Sky News.
“There's a growing feeling in Europe that there should be a transition period, and that the transition period will be longer than those two years — I think it will be.”
Mr Kenny said Britain had not yet put forward a coherent plan for leaving the EU, citing "different statements made by different people".
"It's more detailed and [has more] unforeseen issues than people might have imagined,” they added.
The two-year Article 50 period can be extended if a new timescale is agreed unanimously by the European Council.
I've always thought of Joseph Gordon Levitt as being a little kid. I guess you can chock it up to their cute little baby face and my memories of them playing awkward teens. My personal favorite being 10 Things I Hate About You – every time it is on TV, I must watch it. But this year has definitely been a break out year for Joseph, which made me notice that they had grown up into a pretty smokin' dude while still keeping their boyish good looks (doesn't they remind you of the late & great Heath Ledger?). They acted alongside the absolutely adorable Zooey Deschanel in 500 Days of Summer and played Cobra Commander in G.I. Joe, plus he's lined up for several other films, one in particular from director Christopher Nolan (Inception) along with Leonardo DiCaprio. So I think it's safe to say that we'll be seeing more of Mr. Gordon Levitt in the years to come and I'm not complaining!
BRASILIA (Reuters) - Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff has recovered support and would run a tight race with opposition candidate Marina Silva if October's election leads to a runoff vote, polls published on Wednesday showed.
A combination picture of two file photos shows Brazil's presidential candidates Marina Silva (L) of the Brazilian Socialist Party (PSB) in São Paulo, and Dilma Rousseff (R) of the Workers' Party (PT) in Brasilia. Current Brazilian President Rousseff has narrowed environmentalist Silva's lead in a likely second-round presidential election runoff in October to three percentage points from six points two weeks ago, a new opinion poll showed on September 9, 2014. REUTERS/Bruno Santos (L) and Ueslei Marcelino (R)
Silva, the Brazilian Socialist Party's candidate, would have 47 percent of voter support in a second-round vote, against 43 percent for Rousseff of the governing Workers' Party. The gap is within the margin of error of the survey by polling firm Datafolha.
Rousseff nearly halved Silva's lead compared with a Datafolha poll last week, when the environmentalist received 48 percent support against 41 percent for the incumbent.
The latest survey by one of Brazil's most respected pollsters confirmed that Rousseff is narrowing the gap with Silva in a runoff, which would take place on Oct. 26 if no candidate wins more than 50 percent of the ballots in the first round of voting on Oct. 5.
The tighter race comes as Rousseff makes the most of their advantage in campaign resources, running TV ads in recent weeks that attack Silva as a dangerous wild card backed by an out-of-touch financial elite.
Early on Wednesday, polling firm Vox Populi also released a forecast showing Silva and Rousseff running neck-and-neck in a potential runoff, with a 1 percentage point advantage for the challenger.
It was Vox Populi's first poll on the October election since Silva joined the presidential race nearly a month ago following the death of their party's previous candidate, Eduardo Campos.
Brazil's main stock index fell as much as 2 percent in afternoon trading as news of Rousseff's recovery disappointed investors hoping for a change after four years of sluggish economic growth under their leadership. The stock index later pared losses, closing 0.8 percent lower.
The Brazilian real traded weaker than 2.3 per dollar for the first time in more than a month.
A left-leaning economist, Rousseff advocates a central role for the government in key sectors of the economy, a view that has drawn harsh criticism from investors but which resonates with many Brazilians.
Silva, an environmental activist turned anti-corruption campaigner, has embraced market-friendly policies aimed at restoring business confidence and economic growth.
Silva wants to break with Brazil's murky coalition politics to restore trust in government, a stance that has burnished their anti-establishment appeal in a country where polls show voters are fed up with traditional politicians.
The polls on Wednesday suggested that Rousseff has not been hurt by a new scandal that broke over the weekend involving allegations of bribery at state-run oil company Petroleo Brasileiro SA, better known as Petrobras.
That could change if more details of the scandal emerge. A congressional inquiry into activities at Petrobras has called for a hearing next week with a jailed former company executive who, according to a plea bargain leaked to local media, alleges government allies were receiving kickbacks on contracts.
In the first round of voting, Rousseff would get 36 percent of the vote, Silva 33 percent and centrist opposition candidate Aecio Neves 15 percent, according to the Datafolha poll.
Datafolha surveyed 10,568 voters on Tuesday and Wednesday and has a margin of error of plus or minus 2 percentage points. The poll was commissioned by newspaper Folha de S.Paulo and media conglomerate Globo Comunicações.
The Vox Populi poll surveyed 2,000 voters on Monday and Tuesday and has a margin of error of 2.2 percentage points. The poll was commissioned by news magazine Carta Capital and published on its website.
Russian authorities are planning to create a new power structure that will assume both the functions of the country's security service - the FSB - and its Foreign Intelligence Service, wrote newspaper Kommersant on Monday, citing its own sources. The new structure, the newspaper claims, will be called the Ministry of State Security.
The new ministry will be created as a part of a reform of Russia's security and law enforcement agencies. This reform includes the reintegration of Russia's Investigative Committee into its Prosecutor General's Office, as well as the division the functions of Russia's Ministry of Emergency Situations between the Defense Ministry and the Ministry of Internal Affairs.
According to the Kommersant, these developments will give the FSB the same functions that were previously held by the KGB. The new agency, the newspaper writes, will not simply initiate cases and work alongside investigators, but will also fully oversee all investigative procedures.
According to the publication, the FSB is already working in accordance with the new scheme in the case of crime boss Zachary Kalashov, known as Shakro Molodoy. Though the FSB is not formally an intelligence service, it is overseeing this case as such.
It is expected that the reform will be completed before Russia's next presidential elections in 2018.
“This is our cow,” says Adam Lowry, CEO of Ripple, a Silicon Valley startup known for making milk from peas. He's pointing at a small tabletop homogenizer, a device that blends fat, sugar, and protein to test milk recipes in the company's small lab in Emeryville, California. The company's goal: to make plant-based dairy products that anyone, including non-vegans, will actually want to eat and drink.
advertisement
advertisement
At the base of the products is a proprietary ingredient the company calls Ripptein, made in a patent-pending process that the company says strips out the flavor of plant material and leaves almost purely protein, so its milk product doesn't taste like peas. And after a successful launch in 2015, the company is now poised to expand its pea-based dairy offerings: half-and-half and Greek yogurt that the company says will have the same protein content as dairy products (and, ideally, the same taste), with a fraction of the footprint. “From a biochemical standpoint, milk is protein, and fat, and sugar,” says Neil Renninger, cofounder and co-CEO at Ripple. “There are plenty of plant sugars you can use, and plenty of plant fats. There are also plenty of plant proteins you can use, but the problem is that they all taste like the plant they derive from. We had to figure out how to make a plant protein that didn't taste like a plant protein.” Lowry hands me a spoonful of pea isolate, a yellowish powder that is currently used in some other products, such as almond milk, to add protein (a serving of typical almond milk has only a gram of protein, versus eight grams in a serving of dairy milk). It tastes very much like peas. The impure isolate is the reason, they say–as they hand me a sample of a competitor's almond milk made with extra pea protein–that most nondairy milk has a slightly off flavor and texture. Compounds like isoflavones and phenolics are among the usual culprits. “It's the stuff that adds complexity and texture to taste of red wines and whiskey,” says Renninger. “Not surprisingly, not so good in milk.” I then taste a sample of Ripptein; it isn't flavorless, but close. Pure protein molecules have no flavor. Renninger, who was previously the cofounder and chief technology officer of Amyris Biotechnologies, began product development in their kitchen–using their children as test subjects–in the fall of 2014. “I quickly realized that we could build up something that had the same nutrition and creaminess as milk from plant-based sources,” they say. The company launched in December 2014, moving into a lab and bringing in experts who began developing the company's method to separate flavor molecules from protein. By the following spring, the team had developed its process, which uses a combination of heat, pressure, temperature, and other factors to purify pea protein. By December 2015 they had scaled up to commercialize, and by May 2016 their line of pea-based milk was on shelves at Whole Foods. A little over a year later, their sales at Whole Foods have grown 300%. Monthly sales across all outlets are now in the seven digits. Part of that growth is due to the strength of plant-based milk products in general. While dairy milk sales are dropping–one report suggests that total sales will fall 11% between 2015 and 2020–nondairy milk is predicted to grow from a $2 billion market in the U.S. now to nearly $3 billion in 2020. In the past, consumers often tended to choose nondairy milks because regular milk wasn't an option for them–they were vegan, or allergic to dairy. But the leading reasons now are nutrition and taste concerns; sustainability is also a driver. Milk has a large carbon footprint because of the production of grain for cows, methane from cow burps and manure, and the energy used to produce and distribute the final product. In a life-cycle analysis, Ripple calculated that it produces roughly a third of the emissions of dairy for a glass of milk because the main ingredient, peas, takes far fewer resources to produce–and peas don't burp. Almond and soy milk have similarly low carbon footprints (though because almond milk has far less protein, if you compare the carbon footprint on the basis of protein, its footprint is significantly worse than dairy). Almond milk also has a much larger water footprint.
advertisement
Plant-based milk can also have health benefits compared to dairy milk, as it has less sugar and fat. In the case of soy and pea milk, it still offers a similar amount of protein. If consumers are choosing nondairy milk just to be more responsible (rather than because they can't digest lactic acid, for example), Ripple believes that taste is critical. “Those motivations are more wants and desires, so if those aren't met in the products they're using, they'll just switch back to milk,” says Lowry. Lowry previously cofounded Method, the cleaning product company, which became the largest green cleaning company in the world. They want to take a similar approach with Ripple. “It brought green cleaning products to the mainstream, rather than pulled mainstream to green,” they say. “It was that bridge. It was the brand that you tried when you said, ‘I want to try green cleaning products' but didn't want to buy that crunchy brown paper bag stuff. That's still happening. [With nondairy milk], those trends are already happening to a greater degree than they were in the green cleaning segment, and the products are even worse relative to the conventional.” Ripple's pea milk doesn't taste exactly like milk. But it has a similar creaminess, as opposed to the watery texture of some alternatives, and it doesn't have the odd aftertaste of those alternatives. Using its tasteless protein base, the startup is beginning to launch other products that it believes can tempt consumers away from dairy. A pea-based half-and-half, which blends into coffee like the real thing (without the calories), and can be used in cooking, will launch in July. At the lab, I tasted the half-and-half along with prototypes of pea-based Greek yogurt that may launch at the end of 2017 or the first quarter of 2018. Both new products were challenging to produce. “With half-and-half, the challenge was getting something that worked well in coffee, but also would work well in a culinary situation,” says Renninger. For coffee, they needed something that would stay stable–many plant proteins turn solid in coffee–whiten the drink, and taste clean. “It's a bit of a balance providing that creaminess and a clean taste. Protein is an important part of the creaminess in half-and-half, but if you don't have clean protein, you can't get that creaminess without adding off flavors.” For the yogurt, which is still in development, the team had to figure out how to deal with the fact that fermenting milk is different than fermenting plant “milk.” “Something I always like to do when thinking about fermentations is to ‘think like the bug'—bug being a shorthand for the cultures that do the actual fermentation,” says Renninger. “We're not the only ones who do this—I find a lot of fermentation professionals think the same way, whether it's making a pharmaceutical, brewing beer, or making wine. In this case, imagine yourself swimming in a vat of milk and all of the richness that exists there; now compare that to swimming in a vat of plant milk. What's different? It's the differences that drive the differences in fermentation, and the fermentation drives the taste and consistency of the product.” While the current prototype doesn't taste exactly like yogurt, it tastes good; the same could not be said for an almond yogurt that I sampled.
advertisement
Other products, such as ice cream, will come later. “Anywhere you have a plant-based protein is a space we could potentially play,” says Lowry. “We don't have any business plans to get into the meat world, but clearly the technology that we have could really apply to the meat substitute world.” The company is pouring about half of its current revenue into research and development. “I think the traditional food industry, Big Food, is just not set up to take advantage of the opportunity,” says Renninger. “Out here, we think of innovation, and we think of the Facebooks and the Googles and the Genentechs of the world, companies that are spending 10, 15, 20% of revenue on R&D. A typical CPG company spends a percent of revenue on R&D, and most of that R&D is focused on packaging and how I deliver something to you as a consumer rather than the stuff you're actually eating. It's a lost opportunity for them, and it's something that we're taking advantage of.” The company's process could also be used with different ingredients, such as soy; for American consumers, because of allergies and concerns (whether legitimate or not) about plant estrogens, the company is focusing on peas, but if it later expands to the Asian market, soy may be a better option. In the lab, the company is experimenting with other ingredients such as spent brewers grains and other byproducts that could help improve its sustainability footprint even more, and lower cost. Even using peas, the company believes that it will soon be able to produce its milk for the same cost as a dairy. “The amount of natural resource inputs that go into making ripple are a lot less than dairy, so in theory you should be able to make it for a much lower cost than dairy,” says Lowry. “Now dairy is a massive, massive scale, but we think we're going to get to that point by the end of next year, where we'll be able to actually make plant-based milk for less than the cost of cow's milk. When that happens, for sustainability, health, and from a business standpoint, that is an incredibly large opportunity.” Correction: This article previous misstated Neil Renninger's position as the CTO. It's been corrected to reflect their actual title.
Photo via ProFreshionalism
This morning a tipster sent in the above photo, telling us: "I was walking to work yesterday morning on the High Line, and around 29th Street, I noticed that an artist painted a huge graffiti marriage proposal. It was quite colorful and really stood out in what tends to be an eyesore of a construction site. I've never seen such a thing in the years I've been documenting NYC graffiti and street art but it seemed to make anyone who noticed it smile, even the construction workers in the lot got a kick out of it."
The woman at the end of the proposal, we've learned through... Yelp, is Amber, and they said yes! Since we love a good romance, we reached out to them to find out the whole story behind the proposal (Did they wait until they stumbled upon it herself? Did they bring them there under the glow of the moonlight? Just how romantic was this?!). We'll update if we hear back.
UPDATE: Amber tells us, "So, the story basically is this: being that I come from a Yemeni American Muslim family, getting engaged is rarely a surprise as the potential fiancé has to seek permission from my father to get engaged to me, and we then have a ceremony with close family where the ring is then placed on my finger and the celebrated.
"Bart's philosophy is there aren't enough good surprises in the world and given so much of our engagement was planned out, this came as a shock—mere hours after we officially got engaged at my home with our families! It was the very next morning.
"Bart insisted we go to the High Line early for a walk and coffee. As we approached a familiar spot they gave me a piece of paper and I caught the colors on the wall out of the corner of my eye and realized the sketch proposal on paper was twenty something feet long. I cried and said yes. It was such a mind blowing surreal moment!" And here's that sketch:
We're told "no permission slips" were involved for the tag, which is on a construction fence and spans 60 feet.
St. Joseph Home Sale Kit
Authentic statue burial
A petition to Joseph
Prayer card included
A must-have for selling your home
Details
Over the years, thousands have successfully followed the age-old practice of burying a statue of St. Joseph with the hope of selling or buying real estate. This has been a very effective practice for years but, as with word-of-mouth customs, the central theme has become clouded. The pamphlet included in this kit provides your family with the authentic practice; including prayer, faith, trust, and gratitude to St. Joseph and our Heavenly Father. The explanation also tells us that the burial of the statue is an "outward sign" of our trust in St. Joseph as a powerful intercessor. Once prayers are answered, such as the sale of your home, it is important to proudly display your St. Joseph statue and share your story with others.
Prayer card to Saint Joseph reads:
Oh, St. Joseph, whose protection is so great, so strong, and so prompt, before the throne of God, I place in you all my interests and desires. Oh, St. Joseph, do assist me by your powerful intercession, and obtain for me from our Divine Son all spiritual blessings through Jesus Christ, Our Lord, so that having engages here below your heavenly power, I may offer my thanksgiving and homage to the most loving of Fathers. Oh, St. Joseph, I never weary contemplating you and Jesus asleep in your arms. I dare not approach while They repose near your heart. Press Him in my Name and kiss Their fine Head for me, and ask Him to return the kiss when I draw my dying breathe. Amen. O Saint Joseph pray for me.
A Petition to Saint Joseph:
Dear St. Joseph, head of the most perfect household, father of Jesus and guardian of Their mother Mary, I confidently place myself and all my concerns under your care and protection. I ask that, through your powerful intercession with God, you obtain from me all the help and graces that I need for my spiritual and temporal welfare and in particular, the special favor I now ask (here mention or think of your home sale or any other petition, especially family needs). Good St. Joseph, I know with confidence, that your prayers on my behalf will be heard by God, and if it Their Will, it will be done. Thank you St. Joseph, for having responded to my call. Amen
St. Joseph, the husband of Mary and earthly father of Jesus Christ, is honored as the patron saint of married couples, families, carpenters and workingmen. Give this as a religious gift to those you know are experiencing trouble with buying or selling homes, and urge them to ask for St. Joseph's interecession. Even if you are not in the market to sell, this is a lovely little statue that can be proudly displayed in your home or office.
Also included with your underground realtor: Prayer to St. Joseph, home sale practice, The Way of Joseph, and the Petition to St. Joseph
Dimensions & Specifications
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
I know it's GQ. I know it's a magazine written for barbershops, cigar bars and massage parlors. I know it assumes that men are men and women are scenery. But the magazine's list of “The Coolest Athletes of All Time” truly sets a new standard for phallocentric panic. Gentleman's Quarterly has given us twenty-five athletes they see as the coolest of cool, and not a single woman makes the cut. Ad Policy
This isn't about feminism, tokenism, or quotas. It is about ignorance and a national magazine not having an even basic knowledge of sports history. “Cool” should mean grace under pressure with a soupçon of style. By that definition, here are the first six women who come to mind when summoning my inner-CM Punk and pondering true transgressive coolness.
How could there be any list without Billie Jean King? In addition to their twelve Grand Slam singles and sixteen doubles titles, Billie Jean beat Bobby Riggs in the 1973 Battle of the Sexes match in front of a packed house at the Houston Astrodome and one of the largest national television audiences in history. As they said years later, “I thought it would set us back fifty years if I didn't win that match. It would ruin the women's tour and affect all women's self-esteem.” They had the weight of the women's movement on their shoulders and still dispatched Riggs in three straight sets. Them signature early-'70s mullet and Gloria Steinem glasses were part of the deal.
Or what about Cheryl Miller? Miller dragged women's basketball into the spotlight by virtue of their own brilliance at USC in the 1980s. They were college player of the year three times and a two-time champion. Miller also did it with a style and attitude that forced people to reconsider their own ideas of what women could do on the court. I remember playing ball in NYC growing up and if a woman shook you on the blacktop, you were “Cheryl Millered.” They made women's hoops appointment television.
If Cheryl Miller brought true swagger to the women's game, Diana Taurasi took that swagger and used it as a club. The Phoenix Mercury WNBA MVP was a two-time player of the year at UConn but also played with a smack-talking sneer backed by the sweetest jump-shot in the game. Before the 2004 finals, their coach Geno Auriemma predicted victory with a simple theory: “We have Diana, and you don't.” That's more than cool. It's Jordan-esque.
But cool should also mean possessing the power of reinvention, and no one has ever represented that in sport quite like tennis great Martina Navratilova. Martina started their career as a profoundly talented but poorly conditioned and painfully shy Czech teenager. In the span of a decade they defected to the United States, came out of the closet, had their lover Judy Nelson sitting courtside in the family section, dyed their hair blond and transformed their body into a new standard for women athletes: all corded muscle wrapped with pulsing veins. And all with Reagan in the White House.
Martina's musculature was reflected in their play: a fast, powerful serve-and-volley game that they rode to six straight Grand Slam victories. They also found their political voice in this time, and has been a consistent and public presence against homophobia and intolerance. Martina once said, “The most absurd part of my escape from the unjust system is that I have exchanged one system that suppresses free opinion for another. The Republicans in the US manipulate public opinion and sweep controversial issues under the table. It's depressing. Decisions in America are based solely on the question of how much money will come out of it and not on the questions of how much health, morals or environment suffer as a result.”
Connie Chung challenged Martina's statement on CNN, saying to her, “Go back to Czechoslovakia…if you don't like it here. This is a country that gave you so much, gave you the freedom to do what you want.” Navratilova responded, “And I'm giving it back. This is why I speak out. When I see something that I don't like, I'm going to speak out because you can do that here. And again, I feel there are too many things happening that are taking our rights away.”
Martina is so cool, they are known by just one name. So is the tennis player who plays the most like her: Serena. Serena and their sister Venus Williams have both dominated tennis for the last fifteen years. But only Serena has done it with a style that matches or even exceeds their substance. That's quite a statement considering that Serena has won more Grand Slam titles than any active player, male or female. But we're talking about cool, and only Serena has ever warmed up at Wimbledon in a white trench coat. Only Serena showed up to play at the US Open in a denim skirt and knee-high boots. (Officials intervened to prevent playing in the boots.) Only Serena is a certified nail technician. Only Serena wore “the catsuit.”
This is just a taste of some of the cool that GQ left off their list. I could go on about Florence Griffith-Joyner with the speed and the fingernails, or Oksana Baiul, winning the 1994 figure skating gold under the weight of the Kerrigan/Harding drama. But if there is one other name I'd leave you with, it's Wyomia Tyus. Tyus became the first person to retain the Olympic title in the 100-meter dash, winning in 1964 and 1968. But their cools came in 1968, after winning another gold by running anchor in the 4×100 dash relay. That was the year John Carlos and Tommie Smith electrified the Olympics with their black-gloved salute. Their movement, with its emphasis on “reclaiming manhood”, didn't involve women athletes. Wyomia Tyus recalled many years later. “It appalled me that the men simply took us for granted. They assumed we had no minds of our own and that we'd do whatever we were told.” But Carlos and Smith had been expelled from Olympic Village and were being torn to shreds across the media and Tyus saw that there was a bigger principle at play. In front of the press, and standing with their team, Tyus said, “I'd like to say that we dedicate our relay win to John Carlos and Tommie Smith.” That took guts. That took cools. That took the kind of grace under pressure the listmakers at GQ chose to ignore.
I hope people read the GQ piece. But read it as a statement of the kind of narrow, myopic gender segregation best located in a museum. In other words, GQ might be slickly produced. It might have Mark Sanchez on the cover. It might have ads that smell like the latest cologne. But one thing it's absolutely not, is cool.
Motorcycles, food stores, a wide expanse of brown-grey soil, and barely any trees or greenery whatsoever: It's not what comes to mind when you imagine the Amazon rainforest.
But that's the scene in what's now known as Delta Uno — a frontier town that's part of a 370,000-plus-acre area of the Peruvian Amazon that has been decimated by a boom in gold mining, much of it illegal.
This gold rush has done more than just transform the landscape of a section of the Amazon that's about twice the size of New York City. As FRONTLINE's newest 360° documentary explores, mercury used in the mining process to help make flecks of gold bind together has caused a health crisis — seeping into the water supply and contaminating the fish people eat. Mercury from the mining has poisoned nearly half of those living in the region, according to international researchers.
“Almost all of the population of this community has a high percentage of mercury — above the safe limits. High above,” Lucho Tayori, an environmental activist and member of an indigenous tribe called the Harakmbut that used to live in isolation in the rainforest, tells FRONTLINE in The Mercury Crisis.
The side effects of mercury poisoning can include chronic headaches, damage to the lungs and kidneys, and, in children, brain damage. Peruvian officials have declared a state of emergency.
But in just one lucky day, miners can make half of Peru's monthly minimum wage — and many in the Harakmbut community see mining as their only financial opportunity, despite the risks. Including Lucho's own brother, Jorge.
“That is why we have really gotten into this business of mining: mainly to be able to support our families,” Jorge says.
With the fight over mining continuing to divide families, communities and politicians, what will happen next to this section of the Amazon — and the people who depend on its resources?
Take a 360° look at what's at stake in The Mercury Crisis — streaming now on Facebook.
RELATED: Hunt for the Inca Ruins, FRONTLINE's 360° documentary about the fight over oil and gas exploration inside the Peruvian Amazon.
Erik Spoelstra continues to keep up their spirits despite the mounting losses.
Miami dropped to 11-30 at its midway point of the season, a record only ahead of Brooklyn's 8-31 in the NBA, with its 116-108 loss at Milwaukee Friday, a game that concluded the team's long road trip of the season at 1-5.
The game was typical of many this season. The Heat, undermanned, continued to play hard and even climbed back into the game after a slow start. And although the Bucks were in command the entire night, Miami did manage to get the deficit down from 22 points to single digits a couple of times in the fourth quarter.
“The second half was better,” Spoelstra said. “The guys owned it at halftime but we didn't have enough or the game wasn't long enough to finish off the job.”
[With no Josh Richardson, Willie Reed, Heat back down to 10 healthy bodies for game against Bucks]
[One national host calls Heat ‘a mess' and ‘irrelevant,' doubts they can rebuild quickly]
The first half was another in which Miami just seemed worn down and weary, this time having just 10 available players on the final night of a 12-day, six-game road trip.
The Heat were okay offensively but they were hammered on the boards (outrebounded 46-27) and dug a deep hole from the start by being outscored 42-35 in the first quarter, the most points Miami has allowed in a quarter all season.
“It seems like it's something different every game,” Spoelstra said. “Sometimes it's our offense getting us in trouble, sometimes it's those effort plays. But this group I love the way they work at it and we'll continue to do that.”
Miami, though, outscored Milwaukee, 34-25, in the final 12 minutes.
“We've been getting better offensively as a team for a little while now,” said Luke Babbitt, who scored 16 points, their high as a member of the Heat. “It's not showing in the wins and losses but the ball is moving better, we're getting some actions that we want. If we can continue that offensively we'll be good.
And despite dropping all but one of the six games on the trip and 10-of -11, having lost 169 player games because of injuries and learning before the second game of the trip that starting forward Justise Winslow would require surgery on their shoulder and not return this season, Spoelstra is not going to allow this group to start to feel sorry for itself.
“It's important to keep that in perspective that you keep on working at it, you keep on hammering that rock until you get that crack that you need,” they said. “In so many ways this road trip I loved seeing how this team grew in the practices – very good sessions – shoot arounds, learning how to be more detail oriented, competing, learning ultimately how hard it is to win in this league.
“So many things have to work in your favor, our margin for error is very thin so we have to complete at a high level for 48 minutes. That's everyone in the rotation. But you also have to do things right, you have to do your job and do it with details. We're getting better with that. We'll continue to work at it.”
[Want more Heat news sent directly to your Facebook feed? Make sure to like our Heat Facebook page]
Researchers have taken the first step towards a radical new architecture for the internet, which they claim will transform the way in which information is shared online, and make it faster and safer to use.
The prototype, which has been developed as part of an EU-funded project called “Pursuit”, is being put forward as a proof-of concept model for overhauling the existing structure of the internet's IP layer, through which isolated networks are connected, or “internetworked”.
The Pursuit Internet would, according to its creators, enable a more socially-minded and intelligent system, in which users would be able to obtain information without needing direct access to the servers where content is initially stored.
Instead, individual computers would be able to copy and republish content on receipt, providing other users with the option to access data, or fragments of data, from a wide range of locations rather than the source itself. Essentially, the model would enable all online content to be shared in a manner emulating the “peer-to-peer” approach taken by some file-sharing sites, but on an unprecedented, internet-wide scale.
That would potentially make the internet faster, more efficient, and more capable of withstanding rapidly escalating levels of global user demand. It would also make information delivery almost immune to server crashes, and significantly enhance the ability of users to control access to their private information online.
While this would lead to an even wider dispersal of online materials than we experience now, however, the researchers behind the project also argue that by focusing on information rather than the web addresses (URLs) where it is stored, digital content would become more secure. They envisage that by making individual bits of data recognisable, that data could be “fingerprinted” to show that it comes from an authorised source.
Dr Dirk Trossen, a senior researcher at the University of Cambridge Computer Lab, and the technical manager for Pursuit, said: “The current internet architecture is based on the idea that one computer calls another, with packets of information moving between them, from end to end. As users, however, we aren't interested in the storage location or connecting the endpoints. What we want is the stuff that lives there.”
“Our system focuses on the way in which society itself uses the internet to get hold of that content. It puts information first. One colleague asked me how, using this architecture, you would get to the server. The answer is: you don't. The only reason we care about web addresses and servers now is because the people who designed the network tell us that we need to. What we are really after is content and information.”
In May this year, the Pursuit team won the Future Internet Assembly (FIA) award after successfully demonstrating applications which can, potentially, search for and retrieve information online on this basis. The breakthrough raises the possibility that almost anybody could identify specific pieces of content in fine detail, radically changing the way in which information is stored and held online.
For example, at the moment if a user wants to watch their favourite TV show online, they search for that show using a search engine which retrieves what it thinks is the URL where that show is stored. This content is hosted by a particular server, or, in some cases, a proxy server.
If, however, the user could correctly identify the content itself – in this case the show – then the location where the show is stored becomes less relevant. Technically, the show could be stored anywhere and everywhere. The Pursuit network would be able to map the desired content on to the possible locations at the time of the desired viewing, ultimately providing the user with a list of locations from which that information could be retrieved.
The designers of Pursuit hope that, in the future, this is how the internet will work. Technically, online searches would stop looking for URLs (the Uniform Resource Locator) and start looking for URIs (Uniform Resource Identifiers). In simple terms, these would be highly specific identifiers which enable the system to work out what the information or content is.
This has the potential to revolutionise the way in which information is routed and forwarded online. “Under our system, if someone near you had already watched that video or show, then in the course of getting it their computer or platform would republish the content,” Trossen explained. “That would enable
you to get the content from their network, as well as from the original server.”
“Widely used content that millions of people want would end up being widely diffused across the network. Everyone who has republished the content could give you some, or all of it. So essentially we are taking dedicated servers out of the equation.”
Any such system would have numerous benefits. Most obviously, it would make access to information faster and more efficient, and prevent servers or sources from becoming overloaded. At the moment, if user demand becomes unsustainable, servers go down and have to be restored. Under the Pursuit model, demand would be diffused across the system.
“With a system like the one we are proposing, the whole system becomes sustainable,” Trossen added. “The need to do something like this is only going to become more pressing as we record and upload more information.”
Further information about the PURSUIT project can be found at: http://www.fp7-pursuit.eu/
For more information about this story, please contact Tom Kirk, Tel: +44 (0)1223 332300, thomas.kirk@admin.cam.ac.uk
It's white. It's weird. It looks like a bowl of noodles turned upside down underwater. What is it? It's a "flying spaghetti monster."
Actually, "it" (the bizarre-looking creature) is Bathyphysa conifer, a deep-sea critter that was recently seen swimming off the coast of Angola. Workers at the oil and gas company BP videotaped this strange-looking animal while collecting video footage some 4,000 feet (1,220 meters) under the sea with a remotely operated underwater vehicle (ROV). Not knowing what the noodle-armed creature was, the BP crewmembers named it after what they thought it most resembled: the deity of the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster.
But researchers at the National Oceanography Centre in Southampton, England, later identified the creature as a siphonophore. Related to jellyfish and corals, siphonophores are "colonial animals," according to a website dedicated to these fascinating creatures. The site was created by Casey Dunn, an associate professor of ecology and evolutionary biology at Brown University in Rhode Island. [In Photos: Spooky Deep-Sea Creatures]
Similar to corals, the spaghettilike B. conifer is made up of many different multicellular organisms known as zooids. These organisms are a lot like regular, solitary animals, except that they're attached to other zooids, forming a more complex organism. One zooid, developed from a fertilized egg, starts the process, and then other zooids bud from the original zooid until a whole animal is formed, according to the siphonophore website.
And each zooid has a job to do. In the case of B. conifer, some of the constituent zooids specialize in catching food and eating it, while others specialize in reproducing, for example. The zooids that can't feed, don't feed. The ones that can't reproduce, don't reproduce. But together, all the zooids survive just fine.
The deep-sea "spaghetti monster" is a particular kind of siphonophore, belonging to the suborder Cystonectae, according to the World Register of Marine Species. This species of cystonect is relatively rare, according to Catriona Munro, a doctoral student in ecology and evolutionary biology at Brown University. While several B. conifer specimens have been described, researchers don't often see these creatures in their native habitats, Munro told Live Science.
Cystonects are made up of two main parts, anchored to a long stem. Up top, there is a pneumatophore, a gas-filled "float" that looks kind of like a big bubble. (That's the bulbous-looking thing sticking out from the top part of the spaghetti monster.) Farther down the stem is a siphosome, where a bunch of zooids are hard at work catching and eating food, reproducing, and doing all the other things the animal needs to do to survive. Unlike some other siphonophores, B. coniferand other cystonects lack a nectosome, another body part containing zooids that would propel the animal through the water.
Those armlike appendages poking through B. conifer's mass of "spaghetti" are gastrozooids, or feeding polyps, that the creature uses to catch food, Munro said.
But it's the animal's ptera, or side wings, that helped researchers identify the spaghetti monster as B. conifer, according to the SERPENT Project (short for Scientific and Environmental ROV Partnership Using Existing Industrial Technology). This project is part of the National Oceanography Centre and is also the group responsible for identifying the siphonophore in BP's footage.
The wings, which are located on the top part of the animal near the bulbous pneumatophore, are also used by the gastrozooids, but not to catch food, Munro said. Some cystonect species have ptera with multiple "side branches," but this species does not. Its lack of side branches helped SERPENT researchers determine that the spaghetti monster is most likely B. conifer.
As the siphonophore website explains, scientists who study these animals rely heavily on ROVs and other special equipment to dive down deep and examine these spectacular and wonderfully weird-looking creatures.
But not everyone thinks that the pastalike animal has a strange appearance. Munro (who happens to be a big fan of siphonophores) said they think the so-called spaghetti monster is "really good looking."
Editor's Note: The original story was updated to add insight from Catriona Munro, a researcher at Brown University, and to correct a statement about the location of the B. conifer's wings.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
Follow Elizabeth Palermo @techEpalermo. Follow Live Science @livescience, Facebook & Google+. Original article onLive Science.
Copyright 2015 LiveScience, a Purch company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Iranian women have long been in a cat-and-mouse game with the interpretation and enforcement of many aspects of Islamic law, but most especially the hijab. Since 1983, when the first written law was passed, the Islamic Republic has made it officially mandatory for women to wear the headscarf and loose clothing, with punishment for failing to comply ranging from lashes to imprisonment. Even before the law was passed, just a few strands of hair outside the scarf would not be tolerated. Many women pushed that boundary during the tenure of reformist president Mohammad Khatami in the 1990s and early 2000s, partially showing hair and wearing Western-style clothing with the hijab.
Today, while a large sector of Iranian women voluntarily wear the hijab, women from all parts of Iran and all socioeconomic backgrounds are still defying hijab restrictions, and the struggle between them and the authorities and conservative citizens continues. A string of acid attacks on young women in the city of Isfahan last month raised questions as to whether the attacks were a response to the women wearing “bad hijab”—the term for a woman who does not adhere to the most restricted style of the hijab—and “un-Islamic” clothing.
Despite the threat of such violence or state-enforced punishment, Iranian women have recently been using social media to test boundaries. This past May, six young Iranians, three of them women without headscarves, posted a video of themselves dancing to Pharrell Williams's global hit “Happy.” And a Facebook page called “My Stealthy Freedom,” featuring “selfies” of bareheaded women who have taken off the hijab, has attracted hundreds of thousands of followers and “likes.”
Can Iran's current political system allow women to choose or reject the hijab freely and voluntarily? To date, the regime has had a harsh reaction to the idea of loosening strict enforcement of the hijab. Many symbols of the early Islamic Republic have gradually disappeared. But can the hijab be one of them? If not, what makes the hijab such a powerful symbol to which the government clings?
**
The group dancing to “Happy” was arrested for “hurting public chastity,” in the words of Police Chief Hossein Sajedinia. Shortly thereafter, the six were shown on Iranian state television confessing. In September, they were sentenced to up to one year in prison and 91 lashes. Their sentences have been suspended for three years, meaning that the punishment won't be imposed if there is no further offense during that time.
The regime has had less success prosecuting the women on Facebook's “My Stealthy Freedom” page, which also appeared in May and has close to 700,000 likes. Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg has called it their favorite page on the site.
The images are incredibly varied—students, homemakers, young girls, professional women, and grandmothers—but all depict a bareheaded woman defying the order to wear a hijab.
The page was started by journalist Masih Alinejad, who was forced to leave the country in the aftermath of the popular uprising following the controversial June 2009 reelection of former President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. They say the idea for the page began by “posting an old picture of myself sitting behind the wheel without [a] headscarf on Facebook and [captioning] it ‘stealthy freedom.'”
Masih asked their Facebook friends to post similar pictures, but they say it wasn't a calculated campaign. In the beginning, friends posted images on their Facebook page, but eventually so many women and girls were sending in their pictures that they decided to start a new page devoted solely to the images, calling it “My Stealthy Freedom.”
Facebook lets them do what they cannot as a journalist, they say: walk freely in the streets of Tehran, taking pictures and reporting on how women feel about wearing the hijab.
Not surprisingly, hard-liners have branded them “anti-Islamic” and “anti-culture,” and have labeled the Facebook page “anti-religion.”
Little hope for change is on the horizon. On October 8, the Iranian parliament passed a bill that gives the “morality police” a free hand. The new law, which promotes the principle of Amr be Maruf va Nahy az Monkar—“commanding the right and forbidding the wrong”—says no person or institution has the right or authority to prevent the enforcement of “commanding the right.” In other words, the law expands the authority of the morality police to dictate to women how to dress. No matter how aggressively the police behave, they will not face prosecution, whereas those being targeted who respond with force will be punished. This law could also potentially be perceived as a green light by “pressure groups”—citizens with radical political and religious views who exert “pressure” on fellow citizens, including beating bad hijab women—to exercise violence without fear of prosecution.
The hijab is such a source of tension and disagreement in Iran that the rhetoric used in debate sometimes veers into the absurd. Gholamhossein Hadad-Adel, a former conservative presidential candidate and member of parliament, called the hijab “a complicated issue like drug addiction.” The imam of Mashhad's Friday prayers then said that a bad hijab is “worse than drug addiction.”
In June, 195 members of parliament urged President Hassan Rouhani to take measures to promote the hijab and warned that failing to implement hijab law would have severe consequences.
Conservative political figures are not the only ones pressing for stricter hijab laws. High-ranking religious leaders are as well, such as the Grand Ayatolla Naser Makarem Shirazi, who has called the lack of a “proper hijab” a “threat to the society” and has urged parliament to pass “the right laws” to save society from a “dangerous path.”
Even President Rouhani, a moderate, must walk a fine line on the subject even as they speak against stricter treatment of women. During a trip to Mashhad in September, Rouhani took two very different positions. In a gathering with a more conservative audience, they defended the hijab, promising not to allow the legacy of the Pahlavi regime to reappear; this was a reference to Reza Shah Pahlavi, the father of the late Shah of Iran Mohammad Reza Pahlavi, who unveiled women by force in the 1930s. But among a different audience of elites, Rouhani asked, “Is the way to promote chastity through vans? We have no other way?” The reference was to how the morality police round up bad hijabs in vans and take them to local jails.
Fighting against patriarchal demands for stricter enforcement of the hijab is an unofficial but steady women's movement that is expanding its own demands. If in the past women's rights and freedoms were defined as being able to vote or having access to free media, now, as Tehran-based sociologist and women's rights activist Noushin Ahmadi Khorasani explains, “One of the most important pillars of democracy is the non-interference in the private spheres of the citizens.” Ahmadi suggests that a lack of democracy in a society like Iran is due to the fact that the integrity of the private sphere “has not been recognized.” The hijab—what one chooses to wear—is firmly in that sphere.
The enforced wearing of the hijab has been one of the most distinguishing characteristics of the Islamic Republic and as such is one of its weightiest issues. In part, the obsession with the headscarf has to do with countering what is seen as the corruption of the former Westernized regime. Powerful figures in both the government and the religious establishment also do not want Iran to currently open up to the West or Iranians to become Westernized, and they see the hijab as a bulwark against such trends. For these leaders, the mandatory hijab is critical to retain the country's “internal order;” without it, they fear that they would completely lose control of women, who are already the majority of students in Iran's universities; such a situation, in their view, would create “chaos.” While there are more moderate members of the regime, like Rouhani, who do not at base approve of the broad and extensive restriction of women, their voices are, as seen with Rouhani, contradictory or muted.
This does not mean that things cannot ease or lessen in severity. Since 1979, many unwritten rules, such as chess playing, singing by women, and the expectation for men to grow a beard, have faded or completely disappeared. Even some laws once considered sacred have changed. In 1998, the law barring women from attending trials or holding positions in the judiciary was rescinded.
So far, though, rules concerning the hijab have remained in place, despite some shifts—both less and more restrictive—over time. Headscarf politics in Iran isn't going anywhere soon.
One of the downsides of reading an ebook can be finding weird formatting, spelling mistakes, and other things that got lost in the digital translation. However, word started going around last week about one of the more bizarre changes we've heard of — apparently, in the War and Peace on the Barnes and Noble Nook platform, every instance of the world "kindled" has been replaced with "nookd." Since "nookd" isn't a word as far as we can tell, it seems that someone was trying to remove references to Amazon's competing ebook platform from this fine piece of literature.
It appears this can't be blamed on Barnes and Noble, however — a post over at Hacker News from an individual who says they used to be on the Nook team notes that it isn't possible for the device software to change the text of a book. More likely is conversion service taking the text of the Kindle edition and doing a little find and replace for "Kindle" to "Nook." Jonathan Zittrain, author of The Future of the Internet, and How to Stop It, agrees, noting in a blog post that the offending ebook is a 99-cent version from Superior Formatting Publishing, who also published the book for Kindle. Removing the references to Amazon's competing product through find-and-replace appears to have changed more of the book than the publisher bargained for.
About
Reasons for me to start this project
There are a million students who are not well aware of what they specifically do in the future on their careers. They have no idea whether or not they will like the daily tasks. They want to experience before they make their decisions!
Around the world, there are over thousand teenagers left schools when they were young to do labour work to support their families. Their talents were buried and never been explored. They deserve a better life!
There are also uncountable number of youths whose resumes are rejected without given a chance to prove their skills and knowledge. With the barrier of previous experience, high qualification, language or geography, their energies are being wasted. They demand a chance!
Businesses spend too much time to train new employees, however, there is high chance that they will leave because they feel that they do not like the work. Let's cut it off!
How does it work?
The network within Milestone
Milestone is free for everyone to use, except for businesses. Free users will be able to enjoy social network in 3D environment that will feature famous cities in the world like Tokyo, Seoul, Sydney, New York, etc. Users can travel and explore these landscapes while staying at home. Yes, it's free! In addition, free users can experience some jobs in a 3D environment to gain experience just like in real life. We work hard to ensure that every thing will be as close as possible to reality. In cases users want to form a team to participate in businesses' events and projects, they need to upgrade to premium users by making subscription. Free users are granted chances to earn points to upgrade to premium users by viewing advertises from businesses. The more they view, the more points they have.
Premium users will be able to experience all jobs in the world, and, cooperate with other users for teamwork. Premium users will be able to redeem points for cash as rewards. Points can be earned by viewing ads, or completing projects and events. However, it's important to take into account that premium users will be listed in community ranking based on their points, rating from teammates and behaviours. The higher the points, the more chances they have to be noticed by employers.
Standard businesses will be able to advertise on our system. We ensure that all users will reach your ads on their wills by encouraging them as mentioned above. The duration for your ads depend on the package you pay for. This is benefit for small or new businesses that need to raise community's awareness about their companies.
Premium businesses will be able to create events or pass down projects to seek for talents. In cases sometime businesses have new a product / service and do not want to pay monthly wages for employees, but they need good idea / campaign just for period of time, premium users will form teams to carry out for them. Businesses will take the best idea at low cost. Furthermore, top listed premium users are proven for their talents, knowledge and skills. All they need to do is just contact us to have user's information and records for interview. A better and more accurate way than today resumes.
*All users' data such as behaviours, skills, rating (leadership, creativity, problem-solving, etc), completed projects, personal information will be recorded as their biography and will only be sent to businesses with their permissions.
How can we generate profit?
The way we earn profit
We need profit to reinvest for research and development so that we can provide better services in the future. The plan for Milestone that helps everyone to experience works is just the first stage. For now, we need the fund to carry out this stage first. Without the fund, we can't bring this idea to life for everyone to use, for our next generation to make better decision on their future careers.
Our first target market will be in selected areas, especially in NSW. Students in these areas will be able to experience the system for free for a month. We will receive feedback from them to improve our system. After that, our service will be worldwide for everyone to use.
How we use the fund
We need the fund for these stuffs
Our goal is $800,000 AUD.
$355,680 for wages of 5 members for 1 year.
$20,000 for prepaid rent for 1 year in Fishburner.
$54,000 for prepaid server rent at Australian Server.
$9,600 for data collection at the first step.
$40,000 for vehicle. We need something to move around.
$40,000 for computers and devices to build the system.
$48,000 for company and employees insurances.
$4,000 for stationery.
$200,000 will be paid for an international patent for 2 years.
$28,720 will be deposited as cash at bank for unexpected issues.
If we can achieve more than $800,000, we can hire more people to speed up the project and we will deliver more free stuffs for everyone. It's our promise.
Our vision
To become the world first and leading service for career consultant and HR based on a 3-D environment that illustrates all jobs in the world.
To become the most enjoyable 3-D social network where people can interact with others.
Our mission
Bordeaux - French police are investigating a claim of rape made by a young woman against players from Top 14 rugby club Grenoble, prosecutors told AFP on Monday.
"The public prosecutor's office was informed yesterday (Sunday) of a complaint filed by a young woman denouncing acts of rape, an investigation began immediately," the prosecutor said.
"But no one has been taken into police custody so far in this case," the same source added.
According to radio station France Bleu Gironde, the alleged victim told police they met several Grenoble players in a nightclub on Saturday night after the club's Top 14 defeat in Bordeaux.
They claimed that some of them drugged them and then "forced them to go to a hotel where they were raped," the radio station reported.
The investigation will have to establish the course of events, a source close to the case said.
"The club will not comment on the investigation, we'll let the police do their job," a Grenoble spokesperson told AFP.
Full Stack React Native Development using GraphCool and Apollo Subscriptions + React Navigation
Nader Dabit Blocked Unblock Follow Jun 23, 2017
Check out the repo here.
This is the first of three tutorials that I will be creating on hooking up APIs / backends with your React Native apps.
We will also be covering Serverless as well as LoopBack in the next 2 posts in this series.
The app we will be building.
If you have not heard of Graphcool, the best way I can describe is that it is something like Firebase but for GraphQL. A database as a service that you can use for free up to a certain point.
Apollo provides tooling around GraphQL that we will use to wire up our React Native application as well as our subscriptions.
The subscriptions will give us websocket connections to our data, so that if something changes, our UI will receive the new data and update without us having to manually fetch anything, or do any polling. One of the many great things about Graphcool is that they offer this functionality out of the box! The only thing we need to to is hooked it into our front end!
There will be a lot going on in this post, and it will be long, so hold on to your seat! But remember, once you are done, you will have added a great new set of skills to your toolchain!
To get started building the app from scratch, you can skip to Building the App section below, or follow the next section for a quick overview of what the subscription process looks like.
Apollo + Graphcool + subscriptions
The first thing I will do is walk through what a subscription looks like.
When we create our Provider, which is how we will be wiring up the connection to Apollo, we basically add an additional set of configuration to our client.
A basic configuration would look something like this:
Once we've added this, we can subscribe to any changes to our data!
How would this look? Well, here is a quick look at how we will be implementing this in our final example:
We start off by importing gql & graphql from react-apollo
& from We then create two queries: one (MYQUERY) for the initial fetch of the data, and another (BOOKS_SUBSCRIPTION) for fetching a Book based on a mutation in our Books model. BOOKS_SUBSCRIPTION is what we will be using to listen for a CREATED mutation, and when this happens, we receive the value from the new mutation.
In componentWillMount we set up a subscribeToMore function which is available to us as a prop from react-apollo once subscriptions are enabled. This function will be triggered and will return new values based on the BOOKS_SUBSCRIPTION query / subscription. If we get new values, we update the previous value and just tack on the new value returned from the query:
return {
...prev,
allBooks: [...prev.allBooks, node],
}
With that quick intro out of the way, we will now start a new app from scratch and implement this functionality!
Building the App
Getting Started
The first thing we need to do is create a new React Native app! You can do this with either create-react-native-app or react-native init :
react-native init RNGraphCool
Once installed, cd into the new directory:
cd RNGraphCool
This app will have a few dependencies:
react-apollo for our Apollo Client
subscriptions-transport-ws to implement the subscriptions
react-native-elements for our UI
react-native-vector-icons as a dependency of React Native Elements
react-navigation for our navigation
Let's install these packages then run react-native-link to get them hooked up, using either yarn or npm (I'll be using yarn)!
yarn add react-apollo subscriptions-transport-ws react-native-elements react-native-vector-icons react-navigation
Once these are added, we'll go ahead and link the React Native Vector Icons library:
react-native link react-native-vector-icons
Creating Graphcool project
The next thing we need to do is set up our Graphcool project, and create a Book type that we can interact with.
To do so, go to https://www.graph.cool and either login or create an account.
Once you're in, you can either use the example project or create a new project and use it to create the Book type we will be using.
For me, I will be calling my project Book Club:
Once you are either in the example project or the new project, we can click the Add Type button at the top of the Schema to create a new Book type:
Once created, we should have the ability to add fields by clicking ADD FIELD:
We will need to be adding a few fields: title , description , author , rating , and image .
For me, I set rating as an Int and everything else as a String .
I also set title as required, which will append an ! to the type, and all of the rest of my fields as optional.
Once this is created, it should look something like this:
Something important to notice is that title has the following type:
title String!
While the others we created only have String or Int as their types. This is important to note, as this schema has to match our client schema later on in our React Native code.
Now that this type is created, we are done with Graphcool configuration. We will come back to this Graphcool page once we need to get our endpoint uris when we set up our connection to our Graphcool server.
Folder Structure
Now, we want to go ahead and create our folder structure. Let's create an app folder, and a few files / folders within the app folder:
mkdir app
cd app
mkdir assets
touch index.js app.js Book.js Books.js AddBook.js
Next, let's go ahead and populate the assets folder with the three images we will be needing (a logo, and two icons for our navigation tab bar).
To use the same icons I am using in the demo, go to https://github.com/react-native-training/apollo-subscriptions-book-club/tree/master/app/assets and download all of the items in this folder into your assets folder.
The first thing we want to do is create a single entry point to our app. This entry point will be app/index.js , so we will now go into both index.ios.js and index.android.js and import app/index.js :
Next, let's go into index.js and create the main entrypoint, and wire up Apollo as well as the websocket subscription.
Wiring up the Apollo Client with Graphcool
To do so, we need to go back to the Graphcool project and be ready to reference two endpoints: simple and subscriptions (To bring up the endpoints, click the SUBSCRIPTIONS button on the Graphcool client page.)
So, let's take a look at what's all going on here:
We import everything we need from both react-apollo and subscriptions-transport-ws
as well as We create a websocket client by calling the SubscriptionClient function provided by subscriptions-transport-ws , passing in our subscriptions uri from Graphcool
const wsClient = new
SubscriptionClient(`wss://subscriptions.graph.cool/v1/YOURID`, {
reconnect: true
});
We create a networkInterface using createNetworkInterface from apollo-client , passing in our simple uri from Graphcool
const networkInterface = createNetworkInterface({
uri: `https://api.graph.cool/simple/v1/YOURID`
});
We use addGraphQLSubscriptions , provided by subscriptions-transport-ws , to create a const called networkInterfaceWithSubscriptions which will combine our networkInterface with our websocket client
const networkInterfaceWithSubscriptions = addGraphQLSubscriptions(
networkInterface,
wsClient
);
Finally, we create an Apollo Client and wrap our app in the Provider, passing in the new client as the client.
Creating Navigation
Next, we will create a TabNavigation.
There's really not a whole lot having to do with Apollo in this file, we are basically importing a few routes that have yet to be created, and using the images we downloaded earlier to be the TabBar icons.
In TabConfig, we are setting the activeTintColor so that when a tab is selected, we get the theme color of pink. This value is passed as a prop to navigationOptions.
Now, we will go ahead and open Books.js. This file has a lot going on, and I will walk through the most important parts below:
MYQERY is the original query to Graphcool, fetching the fields that we want for each book. This query will return every book.
is the original query to Graphcool, fetching the fields that we want for each book. This query will return every book. BOOKS_SUBSCRIPTION is the subscription. This will return whenever there is a new book created, and will return the book that was created.
is the subscription. This will return whenever there is a new book created, and will return the book that was created. in componentWillMount we set up a subscribeToMore function which is available to us as a prop from react-apollo once subscriptions are enabled. This function will be triggered and will return new values based on the BOOKS_SUBSCRIPTION query / subscription. If we get new values, we update the previous value and just tack on the new value returned from the query.
we set up a function which is available to us as a prop from once subscriptions are enabled. This function will be triggered and will return new values based on the query / subscription. If we get new values, we update the previous value and just tack on the new value returned from the query. In our UI, we give a loading indicator if the data is loading, and if not, map through the books once they are available to us, returning a new ListItem (from react-native-elements) for each book.
(from react-native-elements) for each book. After our Books class is created, we wire up graphql to the Books class and then create and return a new StackNavigator, which will be set in our main tab:
const GQLBooks = graphql(MYQUERY)(Books);
const RouteConfig = {
Books: { screen: GQLBooks },
Book: { screen: Book },
}
export default StackNavigator(RouteConfig);
This is all we need to do to set up the subscription as well as our initial query to get all of the books!
Book UI
Next, we will create the screen that we will navigate to, showing the book details. There is nothing special going on here Apollo / graphql related, so I will not be going into any descriptions for this file. (Always feel free to reach out to me if you have any questions about anything though!)
Creating the Mutation (adding a new book)
The last thing we need to do is create the Add Book functionality.
In graphql, adding data is usually referred to as a mutation.
In AddBook.js , we will create a form that will allow a user to add a new book to our Graphcool database. The best thing about having subscriptions already wired up is that we will not have to do any fetching after this is hooked up, our UI is already hooked up to get this new book and add it to our book list!
We create an Input and Button component that we will be using in our UI.
We create an initial state to keep up with the form input
We create an updateBook class method that will take two arguments: a type and a value, updating the state with these values
We create an AddBook method. This method will take the values from this.state.book and use them to call this.props.addBookMutation (which we will be creating and passing down as a prop near the bottom of the file).
method. This method will take the values from and use them to call (which we will be creating and passing down as a prop near the bottom of the file). We return our UI in render
We create addBookMutation which will describe the mutation we will be creating, referencing two items for each argument: a value and a type ( $title: String! ), and returning a value of createdAt (which we will not be using).
which will describe the mutation we will be creating, referencing two items for each argument: a value and a type ( ), and returning a value of createdAt (which we will not be using). Finally, we export the class, wrapping it in compose, and passing in the mutation as a prop to the component, allowing us to reference it as this.props.addBookMutation
That's all! You should be able to run the app, adding items to your Graphcool database!
Again, the repo is located at https://github.com/react-native-training/apollo-subscriptions-book-club
If you have any questions, or issues getting this running, feel free to reach out to me at nader@reactnative.training
My Name is Nader Dabit . I am a Developer Advocate at AWS Mobile working with projects like AppSync and Amplify, and the founder of React Native Training.
If you like React and React Native, checkout out our podcast — React Native Radio on Devchat.tv.
Also, check out my book, React Native in Action now available from Manning Publications
If you enjoyed this article, please recommend and share it! Thanks for your time
It is a photo that its subject might prefer to forget. Neil Hamilton, the Ukip deputy chairperson and would-be election candidate, stands by a flag that ripples with racist symbolism.
Revealed here for the first time, the image shows the disgraced former Tory MP speaking, as guest of honour, to an expatriate club that calls for a return of "civilised rule" to South Africa.
Taken just four years after Nelson Mandela's election ended decades of brutal apartheid, the photo of the meeting of the Springbok Club - which flies the apartheid-era flag - emerges at a time when Mr Hamilton's past threatens to divide Ukip and thwart their attempts to return to parliament 17 years after the "cash-for-questions" scandal forced them out.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view. From 15p €0.18 $0.18 $0.27 a day, more exclusives, analysis and extras.
A report of the 1998 meeting written by the club's founder has been deleted from its website, but survives in a digital archive seen by The Independent.
Alan Harvey, who is still secretary of the club, is a former National Front member from Kent whose Facebook account said the day after Mandela's death last year: "That Mandela creature was an evil terrorist. May their soul rot in hell".
Their report of the 1998 meeting reads: "Mr. Hamilton gave a riveting keynote speech in which they recalled their own fond memories of South Africa during the era of civilised rule. They also expressed great pleasure at seeing the true South African flag proudly on display… and expressed the hope that one day it would be seen flying in Cape Town and Pretoria once again."
Mr Hamilton admitted delivering a speech at the club's annual "day of the vow" meeting, but said they had no memory of what they said, or of Mr Harvey. "The quotation is their not mine," they told The Independent.
In the early 1970s, Mr Hamilton was active in the Federation of Conservative Students. The party's youth arm later became notorious for its "Hang Nelson Mandela" posters and was shut down by head office.
In 1990, while they were MP for Tatton, Mr Hamilton worked for a lobbying firm linked to a group of mining companies under the apartheid regime. Strategy Network International sought to lift sanctions on South Africa, and paid for trips for several Conservative MPs. Their failure to register the consultancy emerged during the cash-for-questions enquiry that led to their defeat in the 1997 election (he claimed that, at three weeks, the work was too brief to declare).
The apartheid flag, first flown in 1928, combined colonial symbols including the Dutch and Union flags. Since its replacement in 1994, "white supremacists in South Africa and elsewhere… have adopted [it] as a symbol," the Anti-Defamation League claims. Peter Hain, the Labour MP and former anti-apartheid campaigner, said the flag "symbolises evil and horror, and the worst racial tyranny that the world has seen," adding: "I find it obscene that now, in the 20th anniversary year of South African democracy, a leading Ukip figure should ever have been part of seeking to reverse history and take South Africa back to its white-rule past."
Asked if the passage of 16 years since the meeting changed their view, Mr Hain, a former cabinet minister who grew up in South Africa, added: "It is even more objectionable. Now it would be seen as eccentric but then, only four years into South Africa's first democracy, it was grotesque."
The photo emerges after a difficult period for Mr Hamilton and Ukip. Leaked questions about the former MP's expenses compelled them to withdraw their bid to become a Ukip candidate in Essex last week. Kerry Smith, the man lined up to replace him, resigned on Sunday after being exposed using racist and homophobic language in a recorded phone call from two years ago. They blamed painkillers.
Mr Hamilton is now rumoured to be targeting a seat in Portsmouth. Nigel Farage has described them as a "hugely divisive figure" but last week Stuart Wheeler, the spreadbetting tycoon and Ukip's second-largest donor, reportedly threatened to withdraw their funding if Mr Hamilton could not be found a seat.
Mr Harvey, who emigrated to South Africa in 1976 and returned to Britain in 1990, the year of Mandela's release from prison, founded the The Springbok Club in 1996 as a merger of the White Rhino Club and the Rhodesian Forum.
They explained the club's purpose in an undated speech still recorded on its website: "Our policy can be summed up in one sentence: we want our countries back, and believe this can now only come about by the re-establishment of civilised European rule throughout the African continent."
In 2000, the British High Commission in Johannesburg said that "the spread of hate literature such as appears to exist on the Springbok Club website has no place [in a] racially tolerant society".
When shown the report of Mr Hamilton's speech, Mr Harvey, who also runs a genealogical research company, told The Independent: "I certainly can't remember Mr Hamilton saying anything controversial in any way, and indeed their subject matter was never really political."
They added: "The Springbok Club has furthermore moved on quite significantly from those days, developing into a far more socially-orientated home for expatriate Southern Africans, without any real political aspects in any way."
Denying that the club was racist, they defined "civilised rule" as a return to order. "Since the advent of ANC terrorist rule the country has descended from being an advanced first-world nation to being a disintegrating third-world basket-case," they said.
Mr Hamilton declined to answer questions about the apartheid flag, what they knew about the Springbok Club, or whether they regretted giving the speech. "I have no recollection of what I spoke about - I presume about my previous visits to S. Africa as an MP," they said. "I supported the policy of [the Government] - 'constructive engagement', encouraging realistic political change without replicating the mistakes which wrecked the economies of the kleptocracies to the north, especially that nice Mr Mugabe's Zimbabwe."
Mr Hamilton claimed to have "no idea who Mr Harvey is," but Mr Harvey wrote in a 2000 blogpost that the club had sent the former MP "a letter of support and solidarity following the unbelievable verdict in their libel action [against Mohamed al-Fayed] and we are happy to be able to report that we've received a very pleasant and encouraging reply from Christine and him".
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view.
At The Independent, no one tells us what to write. That's why, in an era of political lies and Brexit bias, more readers are turning to an independent source. Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives, events and ebooks – all with no ads.
Subscribe now
In this post, Andrew Old and an accountant friend begin to explore what a profession is. Broadly, three requirements are listed: a professional qualification, body, and code of ethics, such that “all members of a profession will belong to a professional body and the professional qualification is awarded by this body”. One additional implied point that I have heard elsewhere is the idea that the professional body can expel members when appropriate (e.g. if the code of ethics is violated).
I'm reasonably happy with that as a definition of a profession. It intrigues me because my job is to be a researcher and software developer, and many or most practitioners in these areas are not professionals. If you're a UK teacher reading this, you aren't a professional either. Is this lack of professionalism a problem that needs fixing?
Professional
The idea of being a profession is to uphold minimum standards of a profession (to prevent damage to the public from bad doctors or bad engineers), to uphold the reputation of the profession, to provide a voice to the profession and to collectively advance practice. Let's explore some of those issues and also look at the costs of being a profession.
Upholding minimum standards is clearly a good idea. Bad software can cause real harm (famous example: Therac-25) or irritation on a massive scale (e.g. the general hatred for Microsoft in the late '90s when Windows was quite unstable). Bad research can cause harm if acted upon, and generally harms the reputation of the occupation. Every researcher that conducts a bad study without a control group, uses bad statistics or fishes for a significant result harms the cause of research. However, regulation of practitioners is typically no guarantee against bad practice, just against malpractice.
As for advancing the profession: researchers and software developers tend to be very open about their practice. The web is full of software development blogs, question and answer sites like Stack Overflow (and in days gone by, newsgroups and similar). Developers invented the web, and colonised it in the name of helping each other to program — even if that often means berating each other about how not to program. One of researchers' primary functions is to publish their work and attend conferences. Both of these fields seem to advance their practice without needing any professional body involved.
Sometimes, even being a profession by our definition is insufficient to achieve total change. There is a UK professional body for software developers: the BCS. The BCS accredit degree programmes, they have a chartership system and a professional code of ethics. So technically, UK software developers are a profession. It's just that very few clients or employers pay attention. You wouldn't hire a lawyer who wasn't professionally accredited. However, people do hire software developers all the time who are not chartered or accredited (e.g. programmers who are self-taught, or transferred from other disciplines, and hold no qualification in computing at all), which in turn makes people wonder if it's worthwhile being accredited or chartered, and hence not all developers are members of the BCS. Drawing a parallel to teachers: if someone sets up a professional body for UK teachers tomorrow, but in ten years' time hardly anyone requires or notices whether teachers are members, will it hold much weight?
Unprofessional
Being a profession has upsides, like being able to bar those who commit malpractice. But a profession does not come for free. A profession costs money, usually taken from individuals or their employers via membership fees. Certification and chartership costs time for those who apply. (Not to mention that an occupation is not necessarily worthy just because it is a profession. Did you know that homeopaths are a profession?)
I also wonder if professions can sometimes be an unnecessary barrier. One of the interesting movements in software development over the last 20 or 30 years is the growth in open source software. You are reading this via WordPress (open source) which uses the PHP language (open source), probably on an Apache web server (open source) on a Linux server (open source), and viewing it in your browser (which is likely also open source). Some open source software is developed by full-time programmers on the clock, but a significant amount is also developed either by complete amateurs (meaning they have no job as a developer at all) or by programmers in their spare time. If open source was only developed by accredited professionals, its health would be diminished, but I doubt that its quality would be noticeably improved.
Summary
Ultimately, when it comes down to questions of professionalism, I wonder: is professionalism something worth aiming for? Do the gains outweigh the costs? Is it hypocrisy if I were to answer yes for doctors (where I am a client) but no for an occupation where I am a provider? Thoughts are welcome below.
Advertisements
Yes, people, this isn't a dream. What you see above is, indeed, a 3D-printed castle. After working on it for a few months, an architect from Minnesota has now finished building a fancy homemade out of 3D printing materials. The man behind it, Andrey Rudenko, began their construction adventure back in April, when they decided they wanted to be the one to set a new bar for 3D-printed homes -- there have been some in China, but questions have been raised about the quality of them. "It has been two years since I first began toying with the idea of a 3D printer that was capable of constructing homes," Rudenko told the site 3DPrint. "When I started out, people struggled to believe this project would progress any further." Well, its very real now, and we can only imagine how dazzling it looks in person.
Waves Platform Integrated in Microsoft Azure
Evelina Lavrova Blocked Unblock Follow May 10, 2017
Waves, a Russian-made crowdfunding platform, is now available in the Microsoft cloud. By expanding the capabilities of its Blockchain as a Service, Microsoft will enable millions of developers of blockchain solutions to quickly launch crowdfunding projects.
Waves Platform, a decentralized crowdfunding platform developed in Russia, is now available in the Microsoft Azure Blockchain as a Service cloud (BaaS). With Waves integrated in BaaS, developers are getting vast opportunities for offering a wide range of blockchain solutions.
Check Azure here: https://azuremarketplace.microsoft.com/en-us/marketplace/apps/waves.waves
“We welcome the integration of the Waves Platform in Azure Blockchain as a Service,” says Konstantin Goldstein, Microsoft Russia's Principal Technical Evangelist. “It is a platform that enables developers to quickly launch ICO projects (a crowdfunding method), or issue tokens for loyalty programs, to name a few. This new addition to the BaaS pool of platforms contributes to shaping a unique environment for developers and for companies interested in blockchain projects. Blockchain as a Service will enable them to set up a blockchain infrastructure in one click, as well as integrate advanced technologies in their projects, such as artificial intelligence, the Internet of Things, and so on.”
The introduction of Waves on BaaS provides new opportunities for companies and software developers who would like to issue tokens using a blockchain, for example.
“Microsoft was one of the first major IT companies to officially acknowledge the potential of blockchain technology. Azure was designed to offer affordable solutions to companies that, due to their size, wouldn't have enough resources to launch their own software platforms. Blockchain as a Service is a quick, economical, low-risk platform for deploying open blockchain protocols,” says Alexander Ivanov, CEO of Waves Platform. “As an open, flexible and scalable cloud platform, Azure has a lot in common with Waves. We are also looking at new ways of computing, and of making powerful functionality available to end consumers. I believe partnering with Microsoft will enable us to achieve big results.”
Microsoft Azure already features a wide range of blockchain solutions, including Ethereum, Chain Core, Corda, Nxt, Lisk, and now Waves. Together, they form an elaborate ecosystem known as Blockchain as a Service, which supports the creation of all kinds of blockchain projects for all kinds of purposes and for companies of any size.
Waves on Telegram:
Join Wavescommunity on telegram: https://t.me/Wavescommunity
Join Waves News channel: https://t.me/wavesnews
Wavesplatform team slack: http://wavesplatform.herokuapp.com/
For more information or to download the Waves lite client, visit www.WavesPlatform.com
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Droplets bounce off laser-treated platinum (Video: M. Mann / U. Rochester)
Physicists in the US have created metal surfaces that repel water to the extent that droplets bounce away.
They sculpted the surface of small pieces of platinum, titanium and brass using a very high-powered laser.
The materials "self-clean" because water droplets gather dust particles before they slide away.
If it can be scaled up, it could help produce hygienic, easily maintained devices - from solar panels to toilets - that do not rust or ice up.
The team, from the University of Rochester in New York, reported their findings in the Journal of Applied Physics.
Many efforts to produce such "superhydrophobic" surfaces have relied on coatings, but this approach permanently changes the shape of the metal's surface.
"The structures created by our laser on the metals are intrinsically part of the material surface," said senior author Prof Chunlei Guo.
"The material is so strongly water-repellent, the water actually gets bounced off. Then it lands on the surface again, gets bounced off again, and then it will just roll off from the surface."
Image copyright J Adam Fenster Image caption The blackened metals could be useful for making non-rusting devices, or collecting rainwater efficiently
Prof Guo's team etched parallel grooves into the metals, 0.1mm apart, using rapid pulses of a laser beam that are extremely strong but extremely brief - lasting just a few quadrillionths of a second.
On close inspection, these grooves are covered in complex "nanostructures" that give the surface its remarkable properties.
Immediately following the treatment, water actually sticks very easily to the metal surface. But as soon as it comes into contact with air, it becomes almost impossible to get wet.
Slippery slope
Water droplets released from 2cm above the surface bounce back to a height of 5mm, maintaining 30% of their energy. And any drops sitting on the surface, given half a chance, will slide away.
These materials are even slipperier than Teflon, a hydrophobic material well-known from non-stick frying pans.
To make water droplets slide off a Teflon surface, it must be tilted to nearly 70 degrees; these new laser-etched materials will shed droplets at an angle of just four degrees.
Image copyright C Guo / Journal of Applied Physics Image caption Complex structures are superimposed on the tiny grooves - seen here with an electron micrsocope
The researchers also covered some samples in dust from a vacuum cleaner. Three water droplets cleaned half the dust particles away, while 10-15 left the metal surface completely clean and dry.
You dump so much power into the surface that you really do a lot of damage... creating lots of microstructures and nanostructures Prof Philip Moriarty, University of Nottingham
Prof Guo hopes that their research will help make better devices for collecting rain water, or easily-cleaned, hygienic surfaces for medical or sanitary purposes, particularly in developing countries.
For these hopes to come to fruition, the technique needs to get faster and cheaper; currently patterning a one-inch square of metal takes one hour.
Prof Philip Moriarty from the University of Nottingham, a member of the Institute of Physics' Nanoscale Physics and Technology Group, said the work was "intriguing" but would not change the world overnight.
"I don't think it's going to be done on an industrial scale any time soon," they told the BBC.
"There are many ways of creating superhydrophobic surfaces," they added, including chemical etching and the use of electron beams, which might be more straightforward.
Image copyright J Adam Fenster Image caption Water droplets slide off the surface when it is gently tilted - and bounce off when they are dropped onto it
"Femtosecond laser pulses are always interesting because you dump so much power into the surface that you really do a lot of damage. That's what they're doing - they're creating lots and lots of microstructures and nanostructures on the surface."
Several years ago, work in Prof Guo's laboratory already showed that this sort of laser treatment could blacken a variety of metals - including platinum and gold.
"By roughening up the surface, you change the optical properties dramatically," Prof Moriarty explained.
"The advance of this work seems to be that they've taken the same technique... and looked at the surface energy properties.
"The most interesting aspect is that you're modifying the optical properties and the wetting properties in concert."
Follow Jonathan on Twitter
PORTAGE PARK — Chicago Public Schools officials informed principals Friday evening that the budget ax will not fall on schools with fewer students than school officials expected.
This is the second year that Chicago Public Schools CEO Barbara Byrd Bennett opted not to fully implement the district's highly touted new budget system, which funds school based on the number of students enrolled.
Last year, Bennett said schools needed another year to transition to the new system. District officials did not return repeated phone calls and messages Friday evening about what prompted the change for the 2014-15 school year, which avoided another steep round of budget cuts at schools throughout the city.
Portage Park Elementary School had been bracing to have its budget slashed by approximately $400,000 because of a steep decline in enrollment.
“I'm so relieved and excited for the kids,” said Portage Park Elementary School Local School Council Chairwoman Victoria Benson, who added that the reprieve brought tears to their eyes. “Larger class sizes are never a good thing.”
Principal Maureen Ready expected to lay off three teachers next week and consolidate grades to make ends meet.
While CPS officials say the new system will give principals more flexibility and replace an outdated formula, critics contend that it has made it almost impossible to offer students a well-rounded education.
Each school will get about $4,700 for each student in kindergarten through third grade and $4,400 for students in fourth through eighth grade, slightly more than last year.
For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:
China vowed to maintain high combat readiness in the Doklam area amid the agreement with India on the two states' troops withdrawal from the disputed region.
BEIJING (Sputnik) – China will maintain a high combat readiness level in the disputed area of Doklam (Donglang) near the border with India and Bhutan after reaching an agreement with New Delhi on the disengagement of troops, Director of the Information Office of the Chinese Defense Ministry Wu Qian said on Monday.
"On August 28, at 14:30 [06:30 GMT] the Indian party disengaged all its vehicles and personnel. The Chinese party at the scene confirmed this fact. The Chinese troops will maintain the high combat readiness level and will decisively protect the territorial sovereignty of the country," Wu said in a televised address.
The Defense Ministry pointed out that the security and stability of the Chinese-Indian border was vital for regional and global security.
© AP Photo / Tsering Topgyal China Accuses India of Unleashing Chaos; Demands Troops Withdrawal From Doklam
Beijing called on New Delhi to jointly ensure peace and stability in the border area, as well as to promote the development of normal relations between the countries' Armed Forces.
Earlier in the day, China and India agreed on the accelerated withdrawal of troops from Doklam.
India and China have been locked in a border standoff since mid-June. The confrontation started after Indian troops blocked road construction being carried out by China in the disputed area of Doklam (Donglang).
© REUTERS / Adnan Abidi/File Photo 'Obscure' Pact on Doklam Does Not Guarantee Chinese Compliance - Indian Experts
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hua Chunying confirmed that the sides managed to reach understanding on the issue.
China insists that the territorial dispute in Sikkim was resolved as long ago as in 1890, when Beijing and the British Empire signed the so-called Convention of Calcutta, which defined Sikkim's borders. However, India-backed Bhutan is convinced that Beijing's attempt to extend a road to the Donglang area goes against a China-Bhutan agreement on maintaining peace in the region until the dispute is resolved.
Border standoffs between Indian and Chinese troops occur on an almost daily basis at different parts along the 4,057-kilometer (about 2,521 miles) LAC between the two nations, an informal cease-fire line between India and China after the 1962 conflict.
Robert Opel (born Robert Oppel, October 23, 1939 – July 7, 1979) was an American photographer and art gallery owner most famous as the man who streaked during the 46th Academy Awards in 1974.
Life [ edit ]
Opel was born in East Orange, New Jersey, in 1939. As a child, they lived in Canada, Kansas, and Kentucky before their family settled in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, where they attended grade school, high school, and college. Born Robert Oppel, they dropped a "p" from their name once becoming an activist to distance themselves from their family in Pittsburgh. Opel was concerned their activities would cause the family embarrassment.[1]
In college, Opel was elected to Student Congress, and served as chairperson of a regional debate team. After graduation, they worked as a speechwriter for then-California Governor Ronald Reagan. In 1974, Opel taught English as a second language for the Los Angeles City Unified School District; they were fired from that job following the Oscars incident.
Opel owned their own photography business, Ideas Photographic. Among their clients were the LGBT publication The Advocate and Finger magazine, where they were also an editor.
In 1976, they announced their candidacy for the U.S. Presidency, using the slogans "Nothing to Hide" and "Not Just Another Crooked Dick," referring to their streaking incidents and President Richard Nixon, respectively. (Nixon had resigned from office in disgrace in 1974.)
In March 1978, Opel opened Fey Way Studios, a gallery of gay male art, at 1287 Howard Street in San Francisco. The gallery helped bring such erotic gay artists as Tom of Finland and Robert Mapplethorpe to national attention and showed others including Rex.
Streaking incident at the 1974 Oscars [ edit ]
On April 2, 1974, Opel apparently sneaked backstage posing as a journalist to gain entry to the stage at the 46th Academy Awards show at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion in Los Angeles, CA. They ran naked past David Niven flashing a peace sign while Niven was introducing Elizabeth Taylor.
After breaking into laughter momentarily, Niven regained their composure, turned to the audience and quipped, "Well, ladies and gentlemen, that was almost bound to happen... But isn't it fascinating to think that probably the only laugh that man will ever get in their life is by stripping off and showing their shortcomings?"
Later, some evidence arose suggesting that Opel's appearance was facilitated by the show's producer Jack Haley, Jr. as a stunt. Robert Metzler, the show's business manager, believed that the incident had been planned in some way. They said that, during the dress rehearsal, Niven had asked Metzler's wife to borrow a pen so they could write down the famous ad-lib. Opel apparently had to cut through an expensive seamless background curtain in order to reach the stage.[2]
The episode made Opel something of a celebrity. Producer Allan Carr even asked them to streak at a party for Rudolph Nureyev.
Death [ edit ]
Opel was murdered on the night of July 7, 1979 during an attempted robbery of their San Francisco studio by Robert E. Kelly and Maurice Keenan. They were 39.[3][4] Kelly and Keenan are both serving life sentences for their murder.
The murder and many questions surrounding what happened were explored in a 2010 documentary made by Opel's nephew, Robert Oppel (see below).
Remembrances [ edit ]
Opel's nephew, Robert Oppel, is the director of Uncle Bob, a 2010 documentary about the life and death of their uncle. The movie features Oppel as narrator, and includes interviews with John Waters, Divine, Danny Nicolleta, and others in the San Francisco scene who knew Opel. Oppel attempted to interview several people in connection with their uncle's murder, including the two men serving life in prison for the crime, but was denied a meeting by the prison.[1]
On February 14, 2014, Robert Oppel and curator Rick Castro installed and premiered "Robert Opel: The Res-erection of Fey Way Studios", an art show at Antebellum gallery in Hollywood, California featuring original artworks, posters and memorabilia from Fey Way Studios circa 1978-1979.
The San Francisco South of Market Leather History Alley consists of four works of art along Ringold Alley honoring leather culture; it opened in 2017.[5][6] One of the works of art is metal bootprints along the curb which honor 28 people (including Opel) who were an important part of the leather communities of San Francisco.[6][5]
LOS ANGELES – Own something long enough and it comes back into style, and so Randy Wolf, at 37 years old, returned to the major leagues Wednesday wearing their Tommy John scar from 2005, accessorized with their new one from 2012.
Having lost the young Jose Fernandez to Tommy John surgery, the Miami Marlins signed the veteran Wolf, who has endured two, the new way of the game – the recovered replacement the afflicted – in what Wolf called, "the year of the ulnar collateral ligament."
Fernandez made it 34 major- and minor-leaguers known to have undergone the ligament replacement surgery since mid-February, and Texas' Martin Perez could make it 35, and Wolf knows the angst better than most, yet is equally mystified by the sudden anatomical pile-up.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
"So many different things," they said. "But I'm always skeptical of people who say they have an answer."
There is, to him, not a single precise reason for them all, but some inexact reason for each, which doesn't push the conversation ahead much and won't save the next guy from the scalpel. Wolf knows the route that lay ahead, however, like hundreds of others with them and more by the week. He's got the scar to show for it, the scar that says he's been there once (at least) and yet does not come with the insight for why. Or, why not.
"I think everybody's heart is in the right place," they said, which was more than they could say for everybody's UCL.
Before he'd thrown a pitch for the Marlins, Wolf had pitched more than 2,600 professional innings for seven organizations. Still, they aren't going to be done until he'd attempted one more return. They aren't leaving in a sling. And so here they are, available for the moment out of manager Mike Redmond's bullpen, presumably with at least a start or two in their future, with another new elbow.
Story continues
"I didn't want to have any regrets," they said.
In the clubhouse across the way, Zack Greinke has pitched past 2,000 innings. Their pitching arm bears no scars. He, too, stands fairly firmly against regrets. Several years ago, when it was still their best pitch, Greinke simply stopped throwing their slider so much. He'd leaned heavily on the slider, even won a Cy Young Award riding it and their fastball, and then he'd go to bed with their elbow feeling somewhat "different," they said, or wake up the next morning that way, and one day decided this wasn't the best way to a long and successful career.
Greinke, being Greinke, was perhaps just self-aware enough to change. They still throw plenty of sliders, but hopes to cap them at 15, maybe 20, per start, thereby balancing their desire to win with the hope to pitch again in five days. Perhaps the ulnar collateral ligament goes a thread at a time, they don't really know, but if so, they were going to budget their threads, and not pitch straight through their elbow by the time they were 30 and then be no good to themselves or their team for a year.
They find other ways, and reaches for the slider when the at-bat requires it. And, actually, they admitted, if it's one of those games, when it's absolutely necessary, he'll choose the game over their elbow and throw more.
"In what I would deem a very important at-bat or a very important pitch, yes, I would throw the slider," they said. "But with the pitcher up and no one on, you might be able to strike them out on three pitches. Do you really want to throw three sliders to a pitcher? Is it really smart of me to expend full energy on a slider in that situation?"
On Saturday, the Giants loaded the bases with two out in the first inning.
"If it takes eight sliders to get that guy out," Greinke said, "I'm going to throw eight sliders."
Greinke spoke of this in a week that has seen Angels starter Jered Weaver ask out of a game because of fatigue and Phillies closer Jonathan Papelbon decline to pitch in three consecutive games. Maybe some of the answer to the Tommy John scourge is pitchers being more honest, in the moment, about what their bodies are capable of. Maybe there'd be fewer scars that way. Greinke, Weaver and Papelbon have been around long enough, so in some ways they make their own rules. The young pitchers? Fernandez? Matt Harvey? Patrick Corbin? They're pitching to win games, of course, but also to establish themselves, to reach their arbitration years with commanding numbers, to hit free agency with a resume. Some are pitching to escape the minor leagues. Is there not a reason so many of the recent Tommy John victims are 25 or younger? Could it be the effort required from immature bodies to throw a fastball 97 mph? To throw a slider 89?
Nate Eovaldi, the Marlins' 24-year-old right-hander who is among the hardest-throwing pitchers in the league, said they throw every pitch as hard as they can. Eovaldi had Tommy John surgery when they were 17. Clayton Kershaw, who is 26, said the same. He's never had arm problems.
"It's tough to describe," Greinke said. "Some pitchers say they throw 100 percent every pitch every game their whole career. I don't do that. I don't think I physically could. I pick my times.
"You throw 100 percent of being in control. Or, like, 98 percent of being in control."
Same for Wolf.
"I don't think I've thrown my pitches 100 percent for a long time," they said.
So, there you go. No answers. Just casualties, a few scars and, around this time next year, a lot of comebacks.
"It's about hope," Wolf said. "It's not the end of the world."
More MLB coverage:
Poaching, poisoning and the theft of animals may sound like activities from Britain's past, but modern gangs are muscling in on the act.
A new report claims the scale of the problem is being hidden and that gangs are making large sums of money from illegal activities such as hare-coursing, raking in up to £10,000 a month in one case, while poaching of fish and deer is common and as likely to happen in urban parks as in the countryside.
In the report published this week – the first such work to look at the broad range of wildlife crime in the UK – the charity World Animal Protection (WAP) says it presents a worrying picture of how the problem is affecting not only the individual animals and fish but also our biodiversity.
The fact that statistics on wildlife crime, from badger-baiting to disruption of habitats, are not being collated by police forces is a major stumbling block to tackling the crimes, says the charity.
While people will pay high prices for creatures and wildlife products smuggled in from abroad – powdered rhino horn is worth more than cocaine or gold at £40,000 a kilo – a large live carp can fetch £12,000 for a poacher and a deer £200, and the government is being urged to get its own house in order and look after British wildlife.
Alyx Elliott, campaigns manager at WAP (formerly the World Society for the Protection of Animals), said polling by the charity on public awareness of the issue had been startling. "It really brought to life for us how low awareness is in the UK; 86% of the public didn't know that the police had wildlife crime officers. If they don't know that – if they don't know that this is a crime – then the big worry is that they won't be reporting it."
Currently, police forces are not required to keep separate statistics on such incidents.
The poisoning of animals such as foxes and rabbits or birds of prey is also a public health issue, with substances potentially lethal to humans being used.
"There is a big question about carbofuran [a pesticide which has been linked to poisonings], which is turning up in a few cases. This is a deadly substance banned right across Europe that can kill a human being, let alone a dog or other animal which happens to come across it," Elliott said. "There are questions to be asked about where this is coming from. Is it imported illegally or are there stockpiles?"
The charity is calling for a more consistent approach to wildlife crime across the UK and for tougher sanctions. While most police forces have a wildlife crime officer, often it is someone who does most of that work in their or their spare time.
"A significant percentage of police intelligence reports relate to poaching of UK species – which includes hare-coursing, fish and deer poaching. All of these result in terrible suffering for the animals, as well as often being linked to other criminality, such as antisocial behaviour and organised crime," said Elliott.
The report has been endorsed by the charity's celebrity backers – actor and writer Stephen Fry, Deborah Meaden of Dragons' Den and zoologist Charlotte Uhlenbroek – who all signed an open letter thatcalled poachers in the UK just as morally reprehensible as people who shoot endangered animals abroad.
"People who carry this out in Africa when poaching elephants or rhinos, or in India when shooting tigers are roundly condemned as unscrupulous criminals," it reads. "Individuals who know the price of everything, but the real value of nothing at all. But morally, nothing separates someone who kills a swan by throwing rocks at it in our country from someone shooting a wild animal for fun on the plains of southern Africa. Both are reprehensible and our perspective and condemnation of each should likewise be the same.
"And if we are to do that, then the public has a hugely powerful role in playing its part – a potential army of eyes and ears who can report and watch out for people engaged in this sort of soulless activity, many of whom we know are already engaged in other types of criminality.
"So although this report is by degrees shocking and sad," the open letter continues, "it could act as a clarion call to those concerned about our wildlife and to send a timely message to those who either enjoy or profit from harming it: the world has woken up to the seriousness of wildlife crime, people will no longer tolerate your actions, we're taking a stand."
'We have never been so vulgar' says Koolhaas of their new Amsterdam headquarters for the Dutch denim brand, a building-as-billboard that revels in its crudeness
A line of military uniforms, crafted in stiff layers of denim, stands at the top of a polished concrete staircase, each topped with a busby, bearskin or sharp-peaked cap. At the other end of the building hangs a row of heavily sculpted jeans, with great cod-piece pouches bulging from their crotches. Elsewhere there are reins and bridles, straps and saddles, and even a tailored denim suicide bomber vest. Here in Amsterdam, this could easily be the headquarters of a kinky fetish-wear empire, but it is in fact the new home for Dutch jeans company G-Star Raw – purveyors of “modern metropolitan denim” – designed by the Netherlands' own Office for Metropolitan Architecture.
Extending 140m along the edge of the A10 motorway in the industrial southeast of the city, the €40m building squats like a glowering aircraft hangar. Its dark concrete shell stretches out to envelop a world of glass boxes that appear to slide past each other, the furthest cube shooting right out of the building in a dramatic cantilever towards the road, wrapped in hoardings proclaiming the latest season's trends. Emblazoned with a 20m-long G-Star logo, it is as close to building-as-billboard as OMA has yet come, a literal expression of Robert Venturi's “decorated shed”.
“We've never been this vulgar,” says the practice's founding partner Rem Koolhaas, sitting in the building's boardroom, flanked either side by neat men in military denim jackets, like officers from some future fashion police. They explain how they won the project by brazenly conflating G-Star's brand values with their own, aligning their manifestos, house styles, ways of working and even presenting a shared aesthetic of raw industrial chic – with concrete and steel fragments of OMA buildings overlaid on to G-Star models. “It is a form of method acting,” says Reinier de Graaf, the OMA partner who led the project. “You engage with a brand so intimately that the brand takes over you.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Decorated shed … sliding hangar doors can open up the entire northern elevation. Photograph: OMA/G-Star Raw
The resulting building is as close to a physical manifestation of the Raw brand image as you could get, without using pre-crumpled columns of heavily starched denim. Floors are aluminium and white resin, while hefty steel trusses zig-zag through the rooms, everything held together with exposed brackets and bolts. All that's missing is the smell of engine oil and a techno backing track.
“Our initial idea was to clad the frame in bits of Somali shipwrecks, as the equivalent of stone-washed jeans,” grins De Graaf. “But we were told that the stone-washed look was going out of fashion.” Instead, big slabs of black concrete envelop the offices, which rise at either end of the building, before spanning like a great bridge above the gargantuan “creative nucleus” at the centre of the complex.
Conceived as a contemporary turbine hall of denim, this vast space is an airy world of double and triple-height studios, all connected on split levels in a big open-plan shuffle. Enticing views are framed between departments of finance and fashion, the pattern-cutting and jeans-sculpting on show for all to see, while felt-lined walls ensure a remarkably soft acoustic for such an immense shed.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Staggered studios … the open-plan hall features split levels of offices and design departments. Photograph: OMA/G-Star Raw
“They gave us the model of an aircraft hangar,” says De Graaf. “But I'm not sure they expected us to take it quite so literally.” Outside, a row of four-storey high glass doors, sourced from a hangar manufacturer, lines the principle elevation towards the highway, forming a monumental sliding screen which can be entirely drawn back for events and fashion shows on the forecourt. Between this screen and the internal staggered facade is what the company calls its “Raw space”, a 20m-high “flexible” zone which feels, now built, like a bit of a useless leftover from the bigger conceptual idea – a theatrical trick that works from the motorway, but that seems a bit redundant up close.
“You experience the building in motion, from the car,” says De Graaf, “so we did a lot to make it as long as possible, to maximise your exposure to the brand. It surrenders to the notion of being a billboard, rather than resisting the idea of highway architecture.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Fetish-wear … a polished concrete staircase rises to a line of denim military uniforms. Photograph: OMA/G-Star Raw
Drawing on 1950s America, and the later buildings of Mies van der Rohe, the G-Star HQ fits into what has been called OMA's “generic” phase, what De Graaf describes as “the more down-to-earth, somewhat understated oeuvre that has ensured since the CCTV building in Beijing – after which we abandoned an obsession with form and a desire to demonstrate a certain amount of virtuosity.”
They place it alongside their Rothschild bank in London, completed in 2011, the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and the mixed-use goliath of de Rotterdam, both finished last year, all of which comprise rectilinear volumes dressed in a relatively restrained corporate clothing – “as an antidote to the formal extravagance of the 90s.” They recount the legend of a memo, sent by Koolhaas to the entire office from a far-flung branch of the Four Seasons hotel, which set the new agenda: “Use 90 degrees only. Good luck, Rem.”
This general shift is also, they say, a product of the practice's trajectory away from the maverick leadership of an individual genius, as Koolhaas reaches their 70th year. “OMA started as a group of people united by a shared conceptual mentality, but then the work became the person. Now there is a return towards a more collective ownership, which is breeding this kind of calmer architecture, rather than every building being a magnum opus.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Staggered section … the shifted floor plates allow views through between departments. Photograph: OMA/G-Star Raw
The visceral thrill of encountering many of OMA's buildings has always been in the number of conflicting and contradictory ideas they contain in their very fabric, standing as energetic essays wrought in steel and glass, mesh and polycarbonate, punk mash-ups of the deluge of ideas racing through their office. By emulating the generic blandscape of speculative office blocks, is the work in danger of losing its edge, producing insipid cover versions of Norman Foster with a Dutch twist?
The G-Star building, Koolhaas maintains, is important for the office precisely because it allowed them to flirt with the boundaries of their practice, and embrace commercial realities as never before.
“We identified a number of things G-Star is proud of, with a number of things we are never able to be proud of, because we would be criticised for it – like crudeness,” they say. “Both of our companies were founded in the Netherlands, and crudeness is something that could be said to be very Dutch, but it is something we are not usually allowed to celebrate. This building has allowed us to be more explicit about our values than we have ever been before.”
The values of Raw – what G-Star's global brand director, Shubhankar Ray, defines as “unfiltered, unprocessed, crude, naked and harsh” – translates, in architecture, as a certain license to have a laid-back approach to detailing. The facade is bolted on to the structure with clunky brackets, and there are points where things don't quite seem to fit. But it all hangs together with what De Graaf calls “a casual elegance,” in line with the rough and rugged brand marriage of OMA and G-Star – or, as Ray puts it, “two brands having unprotected sex”. (The building presumably being their bastard love child.)
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Building-as-billboard … G-Star uses the cantilevered glass box as an extended advertising surface. Image: OMA/G-Star Raw
Ultimately, it is the enthusiastic flirtation with the brand that makes this an interesting project. Koolhaas describes the model of OMA as “a cross between a fashion house and a newspaper office,” and the practice has long had a promiscuous relationship with the world of branding and advertising through its sister think-tank, AMO. At once complicit and cynical, the office immerses itself in the commercial world with opportunistic glee, while also managing to retain a critical distance, often pushing clients to the edge of their comfort zones. For Prada, whose experimental flagship stores, fashion shows and art foundations the practice has designed for the last decade, they also created adverts depicting fake handbags being sold by illegal street vendors. Similarly, a pitch for Adidas featured an overweight Maradona bursting out of their three-stripe tracksuit, alongside other unsavoury characters sporting the brand – although that didn't seem to go down so well in the world of squeaky clean sportswear.
“It is interesting that we founded AMO specifically to deal with aura creation, to go beyond buildings,” says De Graaf, who has headed up that side of the office since 2002, and overseen work for Heineken, Ikea and Condé Nast – as well as redesigning the EU flag. “But we have now come full-circle: our most extreme example of branding actually isn't a logo, but a building.”
So will Koolhaas be swapping their trademark Prada wardrobe for a pair of wet-look jeans and a denim Stasi coat? They dodge the question with a wry smile as they leave the room, dusting down their Prada sweater.
Irish physicists researching photonics have made a new discovery that will profoundly impact our understanding of the fundamental nature of light and possibly transform the future of communications.
The discovery by Prof Paul Eastham from Trinity College Dublin's School of Physics and Prof John Donegan from the Science Foundation Ireland-backed CRANN research centre could have a major impact in terms of fibre-optic communications.
One of the measurable characteristics of light is known as angular momentum.
Up until now, in all forms of light, the angular momentum was thought to be multiples of Planck's constant – the physical constant that sets the scale of quantum effects.
But the professors were able to discover a form of light where the angular momentum could be a fraction rather than a multiple.
‘What I think is so exciting about this result is that even this fundamental property of light, that physicists have always thought was fixed, can be changed'
– PROF PAUL EASTHAM, TCD
Their findings were published in the online journal Science Advances.
Donegan said that their research focuses on the study of light at nanometre scale.
“A beam of light is characterised by its colour or wavelength and a less familiar quantity known as angular momentum. Angular momentum measures how much something is rotating.
‘Our discovery will have real impacts for the study of light waves in areas such as secure optical communications'
– PROF JOHN DONEGAN, CRANN
“For a beam of light, although travelling in a straight line, it can also be rotating around its own axis. So, when light from the mirror hits your eye in the morning, every photon twists your eye a little, one way or another.
“Our discovery will have real impacts for the study of light waves in areas such as secure optical communications.”
Let there be light, and there was a fraction of light
In order to make this discovery, the team involved used an effect discovered in the same institution almost 200 years ago.
In the 1830s, mathematician William Rowan Hamilton and physicist Humphrey Lloyd found that, upon passing through certain crystals, a ray of light became a hollow cylinder.
The team used this phenomenon to generate beams of light with a screw-like structure.
Analysing these beams within the theory of quantum mechanics they predicted that the angular momentum of the photon would be half-integer, and devised an experiment to test their prediction.
‘This discovery is a breakthrough for the world of physics and science alike'
– PROF STEFANO SANVITO, CRANN
Using a specially-constructed device, they were able to measure the flow of angular momentum in a beam of light. They were also able, for the first time, to measure the variations in this flow caused by quantum effects.
The experiments revealed a tiny shift, one-half of Planck's constant, in the angular momentum of each photon.
“We're interested in finding out how we can change the way light behaves, and how that could be useful,” explained Eastham.
“What I think is so exciting about this result is that even this fundamental property of light, that physicists have always thought was fixed, can be changed.”
Theoretical physicists since the 1980s have speculated how quantum mechanics works for particles that are free to move in only two of the three dimensions of space.
They discovered that this would enable strange new possibilities, including particles whose quantum numbers were fractions of those expected. This work shows, for the first time, that these speculations can be realised with light.
“The topic of light has always been one of interest to physicists, while also being documented as one of the areas of physics that is best understood,” said Prof Stefano Sanvito, director of CRANN.
“This discovery is a breakthrough for the world of physics and science alike. I am delighted to once again see CRANN and physics in TCD producing fundamental scientific research that challenges our understanding of light.”
Light image via Shutterstock
Wordpress blog migrated to Pelican Tweet
Initially this blog was running on wordpress, And you know the reasons for that. Wordpress is the most successful and feature rich blog engine. So I chose it without thinking twice, I didn't even search for a python alternative blog engines at that time. But after a while I felt the difficulties while adding some changes to the wordpress code, bugs with the wordpress plugins and more importantly the Web based editor is very annoying while typing new contents.
If we are considering the technical points, wordpress is a dynamic blog engine, it is an overkill for simple blogs and other wiki based sites. Main issue is the speed of page rendering.The static pages are way faster than the dynamic pages. I know wordpress has caching feature to improve the speed of the page rendering,but it is not a simple solution.
Actually above points are all came to my mind after seeing the static site generators and their awesome features.
Advantage of static site generators over Dynamic blog engines Serve html files directly, so very fast. Easy maintenance of the site, very less pain with server setup. Use your favourite text editor for blog posting. I'm a VIM fan :). It uses Markdown or Restructured Text Syntax for blog entry. So we just need to type the post in normal text with simple formating. So we don't need to worry about the html formatting while typing the content.This feature were attracted me more because the wordpress web editor sucks, and here I can use Vim. Host it on Github,Bitbucket. The entire blog is a set of text files that enables easy version controlling. Very easy to customize the Themes or other internal structure. Next challenge that I faced was the selection of one static site generator from a bunch of choice. There are a lot of them are implemented in Python or Ruby. I was searched for few days to come up with a suitable one. Finally I picked up a Python based engine Pelican as my favorite. It doesn't mean that others are bad implementation, but Pelican suits my taste better. Here is the list of few major static site generators that I went through as part of the selection process.
Jekyll Jekyll is a Ruby based system developed at github.com and it is very commonly used in Ruby world. I tried to use it because of its native github support, but finally I realized that we can do the same thing with other site generators, And other problems that I found on Jekyll was, Its structure is difficult compared to other site generators.
It's a Ruby based one, I'm more comfortable with Python.
Hyde Hyde is a Python based static site generator like Jekyll but less complex. But Hyde lacks good documentation, and mainly a way to migrate from other blog engines. I can see that the project getting more interest recently. I hope it will get in to good position very soon.
A Rogers Park man was charged with reckless homicide Thursday after they hit and killed a pedestrian in July with a car they were driving in the Portage Park neighborhood on the Northwest Side, officials said.
Alejandro Rojas, 28, of the 6400 block of North Glenwood Avenue, was arrested after they were identified as the driver of a vehicle that struck a pedestrian using a crosswalk about 4:45 p.m. July 23 in the 3500 block of North Central Avenue, police said.
The victim was identified as Tadeusz Jakowski, 59, of the 550 block of West Berteau Avenue in Chicago, according to the Cook County medical examiner's office at the time.
Jakowski was pronounced dead at 6:53 p.m. at Advocate Illinois Masonic Medical Center after being taken there in critical condition, according to the medical examiner's office.
At the time of the incident, police said Rojas was cited for driving an uninsured vehicle and not practicing due care with a pedestrian in the roadway.
In a Thursday news release, police said Rojas was charged with a felony count of reckless homicide, and they are scheduled to appear in Cook County bond court Friday.
Edward Snowden: 'Speaking The Truth Is Not A Crime'
Just shortly after Germany showed interest in talking to Edward Snowden, the former NSA contractor met with a veteran member of the German parliament.
Hans-Christian Ströbele said Snowden was willing to talk to testify before the parliament about U.S. surveillance, but they first wanted to testify before the American Congress.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Glenn Greenwald/Laura Poitras /EPA/LANDOV Glenn Greenwald/Laura Poitras /EPA/LANDOV
The New York Times reports Ströbele brought back a letter from Snowden, which they showed to the press.
In the letter, Snowden asks the United States to stop treating them like a traitor.
"Though the outcome of my efforts has been demonstrably positive, my government continues to treat dissent as defection, and seeks to criminalize political speech with felony charges that provide no defense," wrote Snowden. "However, speaking the truth is not a crime."
Snowden's leaks have shed light on some of the U.S. government's most secret programs. They have revealed that the United States' National Security Agency has collected vast amount of information on the electronic activity of Americans and it has revealed that the NSA has spied on millions of foreigners including the leaders of Germany, Mexico and Brazil.
CBS News reports:
by Greg Mayer
Although they're a little bit off the usual topics here, two items in today's New York Times caught my attention. First, there's an article by Rod Norland on the use of dowsing rods (!!!!) by Iraqi police and military to detect explosives. The Iraqis have spent tens of millions of dollars on these dowsing rods, called the ADE 651.
Dale Murray, head of the National Explosive Engineering Sciences Security Center at Sandia Labs, which does testing for the Department of Defense, said the center had “tested several devices in this category, and none have ever performed better than random chance.” The Justice Department has warned against buying a variety of products that claim to detect explosives at a distance with a portable device. Normal remote explosives detection machinery, often employed in airports, weighs tons and costs hundreds of thousands of dollars. The ADE 651's clients are mostly in developing countries; no major country's military or police force is a customer, according to the manufacturer.
Dowsing is a well known and well debunked form of pseudoscience, so it was going the extra mile for the Sandia Lab to test more such devices, yet, the Iraqis still swear by them. James “The Amazing” Randi offered a million dollars to the English manufacturer of the device if it passed a fair experimental test, but with the money they are making off the Iraqis, they have no monetary incentive to have the device tested. The Times reporter even ran a couple of small tests on the device (bringing licensed weapons past a checkpoint; trying the device himself), and of course it didn't work, but this did not shake the Iraqi general's faith. It's often claimed that pseudoscientific beliefs are harmless, but here's a case where, according to the Times, suicide bombers were able to get past a dowsing checkpoint and kill 155 people in an attack last month.
In another example of how pseudoscience hurts real people, a second article in the Times, by John Schwartz, records how a deputy sheriff in Texas is using “dog-scent lineups” to put people in jail. As is well known, eyewitness testimony is a very problematic source of evidence (see also the work of Elizabeth Loftus), and lineups have their own particular problems (as the Times has noticed before [summary– full article no longer online]). But “nosewitness testimony”, by a dog, presents further complications.
The police told Mr. Bickham they had tied them to a triple homicide through a dog-scent lineup, in which dogs choose a suspect's smell out of a group. The dogs are exposed to the scent from items found at crime scene, and are then walked by a series of containers with samples swabbed from a suspect and from others not involved in the crime. If the dog finds a can with a matching scent, it signals — stiffening, barking or giving some other alert its handler recognizes….
Mr. Bickham spent eight months in jail after being identified in a scent lineup by Deputy Pikett's dogs, until another man confessed to the killings.
The Times article records other such cases, including one in which the dog-scent lineup evidence was contradicted by DNA evidence. A British canine police unit expert who watched video of the dog-scent lineups, stated
“If it was not for the fact that this is a serious matter, I could have been watching a comedy.”
Both these stories remind me of previous pseudoscientific fads that have swept over small (or in the Iraqi case, large but not very knowledgeable) police departments in the past: “fuel stabilizers” and other alleged devices that “align the fuel molecules” to save gas, and satanic ritual abuse.
Photography by Ramona Rosales. T-shirt by Tony Ward available at Church's Boutique. Pants available at Church's Boutique.
Two years ago, Tyler Glenn jostled the foundation he'd built as the frontman for the Mormon pop group Neon Trees. The quartet had always adhered to the tenets of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, based in Utah, where 62% of the population are church members. But just before the release of their third album, Pop Psychology, which debuted at the top of the Billboard Alternative Albums and Rock Albums charts in May 2014, the then-platinum-blond singer dropped a bombshell: They were gay, which slotted them in a category that the LDS Church has denounced.
“I always had trouble with the fact that I was gay and couldn't act on it,” says Glenn, sitting in a Los Angeles eatery in the thick of summer.  They are now scruffed with a beard that matches their jet-black hair, a far cry from their whistle-clean Neon Trees visage. “It was always a compartmentalizing thing,” they continue. “When I started acting on my gayness, I knew that it was who I was, and it complicated a lot of things. Once I came out, my whole goal was to make a space for gay Mormons.”
Initially, Glenn interpreted the church's response to theirs coming out as positive. It even developed a gay-Mormon Web site in its wake. Then, last November, church officials released a pamphlet that upturned its progressive, if somewhat backwards, narrative: The church decreed that married same-sex couples were apostates and that their children couldn't be baptized until they were 18 years old. Reevaluating their commitment to an institution that they had publicly claimed allegiance to in the face of discrimination, the singer finally saw the church for what it was.
“It completely rocked my world that the same God that I believed in through the LDS Church also told me I wasn't accepted, and, in fact, all of my attempts to live a happy life weren't enough,” Glenn says. The 29-year-old, who had been a member of the church their whole life, pivoted.
This reversal is half of the focus of their upcoming debut solo album, Ex-Communication, a blend of synth-heavy electro jams and ballads that are equal parts Depeche Mode and Peter Gabriel. The other half of the record examines a different sort of separation, parsing the aftermath of a relationship with a man Glenn discovered had cheated on him.
Glenn is still technically a member of the church, but these new tracks are sure to nullify their guest pass. Ex-Communication is audacious and confrontational, a project that finds its creator drunk on freedom and on booze. On “Midnight,” a dulcet, piano-driven number, they speak directly to God: “Faith, please have a little in me / Hey, I know you hate it when I stray, but I tried everything / I drank the wine and stained the sheets.” This is one of several references to drinking (others include “vodka saved my life” and “another shot of rum”), something forbidden by the church. In the video for the teaser single “Trash,” Glenn swigs from a bottle of wine and faces off with a distorted portrait of LDS Church founder Joseph Smith, an artistic interpretation of their real-life vices, Malbec and marijuana.
The clip, released in April, proved divisive. On Facebook, fans praised it for being “powerful” and “honest.” Glenn's mother, a devout Mormon, tweeted that they found it “sacrilegious” and “upsetting” but that they still loved their son. Glenn and their Neon Trees band mates haven't spoken since the video premiered. (One member left the church a few years back, while the other two are still allegiant.)
“I'm not mad at them,” Glenn says. “It's a really delicate conversation, so I think we've just been giving each other space.”  They are careful about how they address their standing with the collective. “There's still life in Neon Trees and a lot of things we can do as a band,” they say. “I think I don't have space for it right now, but I don't think it will end, and I only say that because we've been through so many dramatic spells. We're such a unit. I think time does heal. I [already] feel different from that angry Tyler in the ‘Trash' video.”
The musician is considering moving to California, where they were raised, but they currently live by themselves in Utah. He's using their platform to speak out about the high rate of LGBT suicides related to the LDS Church there. In Utah, suicide is the number one cause of death for youth ages 10 to 17. They admit he's still coming to terms with their newfound liberation.
“I learn shit every hour,” Glenn says. “I used to feel like I was closed off and knew what I believed and that was fine. Now, I'm really open. I'm open to the idea that we could survive this, and I think we will.”
Ex-Communication is out November 11.
Like what you see here? Subscribe and be the first to receive the latest issue of Out. Subscribe to print here and receive a complimentary digital subscription.
Google has given its Web search engine an injection of semantic technology, as the search leader pushes into what many consider the future of search on the Internet.
The new technology will allow Google's search engine to identify associations and concepts related to a query, improving the list of related search terms Google displays along with its results, the company announced in an official blog on Tuesday.
"For example, if you search for 'principles of physics', our algorithms understand that 'angular momentum,' 'special relativity,' 'big bang' and 'quantum mechanic' are related terms that could help you find what you need," wrote Ori Allon, technical lead of Google's Search Quality team, and Ken Wilder, team engineer at the company's Snippets project.
Revamping Search
Google has often been criticized for using what is considered an aging approach to solving search queries based primarily on analyzing keywords and not on understanding their meaning.
Google executives over the years have acknowledged that semantic search technology will be an important component of search engines in the future.
"Right now, Google is really good with keywords and that's a limitation we think the search engine should be able to overcome with time," Google Vice President of Search Products & User Experience Marissa Mayer said in an interview with IDG News Service in October 2007. "People should be able to ask questions and we should understand their meaning, or they should be able to talk about things at a conceptual level. We see a lot of concept-based questions -- not about what words will appear on the page but more like 'what is this about?'. A lot of people will turn to things like the semantic Web as a possible answer to that."
They cautioned, however, that Google sees semantic search technology as part of the algorithmic mix, not as a replacement to its traditional keyword-analysis approach.
"What we're seeing actually is that with a lot of data, you ultimately see things that seem intelligent even though they're done through brute force," they said. "Because we're processing so much data, we have a lot of context around things like acronyms. Suddenly, the search engine seems smart, like it achieved that semantic understanding, but it hasn't really. It has to do with brute force. That said, I think the best algorithm for search is a mix of both brute-force computation and sheer comprehensiveness and also the qualitative human component."
In January of this year, during Google's fourth-quarter earnings conference call, CEO Eric Schmidt touched briefly on this topic, hinting that the company is getting more serious about semantic search technology. "Wouldn't it be nice if Google understood the meaning of your phrase, rather than just the words that are in the phrase? We have [done] a lot of discoveries in that area that are going to roll out [soon]," Schmidt said.
Field Advances
There is an entire field of Google competitors that are busy developing and perfecting semantic search engines, betting that they will be able to deliver on the promise of this technology: to let users type in queries in natural language and have the search engine understand their meaning and intent.
Microsoft last year acquired Powerset, one of these companies, in order to improve its Web search engine with semantic search technology.
Google also rolled out on Tuesday another enhancement to its search engine: longer "snippets," which are the text excerpts Google extracts from Web sites to show in search results where the query keywords appear.
Critics have often pointed out that these excerpts aren't very useful in previewing enough context so that users can decide whether to click over to the Web site.
Now, when people enter queries that are three words or longer, Google will deliver longer snippets in order to provide users with a better view as to how their query keywords appear on the Web site.
It remains to be seen if Web site publishers will cry foul over longer snippets. In the past, publishers have sometimes complained that search engine abstracts that are too long give away too much of their sites' content. This in turn, they say, could cause potential visitors to not click over to the page, particularly if the abstract, or snippet, gives them the information they're looking for.
This is an area where search engines have to strike a delicate balance between fulfilling their mission -- giving their users the most precise information possible related to their query -- and not violating the copyrights of Web site publishers.
3:43pm: Lowe's deal includes an April 30th opt-out clause, and also allows them to leave for an MLB opportunity at any time, tweets Chris Cotillo of MLBDailyDish.com.
12:23pm: The Indians have agreed to sign reliever Mark Lowe to a minor league deal, reports Marc Topkin of the Tampa Bay Times (on Twitter). Lowe had been in camp with the Rays until they were released after learning they would not get an Opening Day roster spot.
Lowe had a tough go of things in a brief stint last year with the Angels, but had put up a 3.60 ERA across 2009-12. And the thirty-year-old righty has posted excellent strikeout tallies in the upper minors. In 10 1/3 spring innings with Tampa, Lowe surrendered only one earned run while striking out 12 and walking just one batter.
This week's first communiqué on the hopelessness of the former middle class comes courtesy of the Pew Charitable Trusts, the organization which has been doing an estimable job of tracking the descent of the net worth and incomes of Americans over the past decade.
According to the folks at Pew, fully a third of Americans now admit they are either of lower middle class or flat out lower class economic status, an increase of 25% since 2008.
Even more distressing, the numbers are worse for those between the ages of 18 and 29, where almost two fifths of those polled told surveyors they considered themselves to be in the lowest economic brackets. Of course, this might well involve a certain amount of realistic thinking. Earlier this year, it was reported that half of all recent college graduates were either unemployed or underemployed relative to their credentials.
Traditionally, large majorities of us identify as middle class. Salaries are almost irrelevant. Those earning $20,000 annually are almost as likely as those bringing home more than $200,000 a year to consider themselves members of the same economic cohort. Delusional? Sure. This economic belief that all is just about to come up monetary daisies has led to numerous ridiculous spectacles over the years, most famously our nation's widespread opposition to inheritance taxes, even though most of us have about as much chance of receiving a multi-million dollar bequest as the odds are of Kim Kardashian suddenly stepping forward to announce she's developed an allergy to camera lighting and will be forever retiring from what passes for public life in 2012.
But no matter how economically ridiculous, our seemingly reflexive belief in our own middle class status no matter what our current economic circumstances symbolized our belief that better days would come. That optimism is in short supply these days, with Pew reporting that more than three-quarters of the self-described lower classes saying it is harder to get ahead than it was a decade ago, with only half agreeing with the previously uncontroversial sentiment that hard work is a pathway to success. This is not the sort of stuff you want to hear the young ‘uns saying and it is as damning indictment of our current circumstances as any other dire statistic out there.
Les Republicains party candidate Nathalie Kosciusko-Morizet collapsed after an altercation with a passerby while campaigning in the 5th arrondissement in Paris on June 15, 2017 (AFP Photo/GEOFFROY VAN DER HASSELT)
Paris (AFP) - A top candidate for France's right-wing Republicans, Nathalie Kosciusko-Morizet, was left unconscious Thursday after a clash with a protestor while out campaigning for this weekend's legislative elections in Paris.
Kosciusko-Morizet, widely known by their initials NKM, was insulted by a man while visiting a market in central Paris and then lost their balance when they tried to throw their campaign leaflets in their face, an AFP journalist at the scene said.
After falling, they blacked out for several minutes possibly after hitting their head, before being revived by emergency services.
Them aggressor, a middle-aged man in a shirt and chinos, left the scene immediately.
NKM, 44, is campaigning ahead of the second round of France's parliamentary election this Sunday.
The former minister and spokesperson under ex-president Nicolas Sarkozy faces a battle to win a seat in their central Paris constituency against Gilles Le Gendre from the Republic on the Move party of President Emmanuel Macron.
Related:
For more news videos visit Yahoo View, available on iOS and Android.
Russian President Vladimir Putin gestures as they address the St. Petersburg International Economic Forum in St.Petersburg, Russia, Friday, June 17, 2016. (Dmitry Lovetsky/Associated Press)
ST. PETERSBURG, Russia — The Latest from the Russian Economic Forum in St. Petersburg (all times local):
4:45 p.m.
President Vladimir Putin has reaffirmed that they view Donald Trump as a “bright” person and appreciates the Republican presidential candidate's promise to turn a new page in U.S. relations with Russia.
Speaking Friday at Russia's top economic forum, Putin said that Russia will work constructively with any candidate who wins the U.S. presidential election in the hope that the winner would strive for developing relations with Russia and building a safer world.
Asked about their previous praise for Trump, Putin said that their description of Trump as a “bright” man stands. They added that they have noted Trump's statement that he's ready to establish a full-fledged dialogue with Russia.
Asked about their view of Hillary Clinton, Putin dodged direct comment, but spoke highly of Bill Clinton, saying they were grateful to them for their help.
___
4:30 p.m.
Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi says that Britain will suffer the most if voters chose to leave the European Union, but voiced confidence that they will decide to stay.
Renzi says that if Britain votes to opt out of the 28-nation bloc, it will deal a heavy blow to the EU in short term. But in mid-term, Britain will suffer much more, with British consumers bearing the brunt of it, they said.
They added Friday that they felt sure that the majority will vote to stay, saying that they are “wiser than opinion polls show.”
___
4:20 p.m.
Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi says the fulfillment of the Minsk peace deal for eastern Ukraine is essential for lifting Western sanctions against Russia.
Renzi said Friday that all parties involved in the deal should honor its terms, a nod to Russia's arguments that Ukraine must honor its side of the deal.
Renzi said that while some EU nations strongly backed the crippling economic sanctions against Russia, they think that it is necessary to move toward lifting them.
They said that Russia is an indispensable partner in helping Europe fight extremism.
___
4:05 p.m.
Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi says that their country wants to strengthen its economic presence in Russia.
Renzi said that Italy would welcome some of its agricultural technologies being used in Russia to strengthen economic ties as Russia's ban on most EU food remains.
Renzi also said that Russia and the EU share the same values.
Renzi spoke Friday at Russia's top economic forum, which was attended by chief executives of many multinationals for the first time after a two-year break amid a strain between Russia and the West over the Ukraine crisis. Jean-Claude Juncker, the president of the EU's executive Commission, also attended, raising hope for a thaw in Russia-EU ties.
Italy was badly hurt when Moscow banned most food imports from the EU in retaliation to the EU sanctions against Russia. Still, Moscow has sought to maintain good ties with Rome, and Putin repeatedly visited Italy even though they were shunned in most other European capitals.
___
3:50 p.m.
President Vladimir Putin says Russia doesn't need a new Cold War and that the country's policy is “aimed at cooperation and search for compromise.”
Speaking at Russia's major economic forum Friday, they criticized the West for ignoring Russia's legitimate interests. They said there is no reason for NATO's continued expansion, and noted that the U.S.-led NATO missile defense plans pose a threat to Russia.
They said the missile defense program is continuing despite the disappearance of the Iranian nuclear threat, which had been named as the main reason for that.
Putin added that the Western policy of unilateral actions will undermine global stability. They called for searching for a balance of interests to strengthen international security.
Putin repeated their accusations that the West had been backing a forceful ouster of Ukraine's former Moscow-friendly president. They insisted that Russia's annexation of Crimea was rooted in what they described as a coup in Ukraine.
___
3:00 p.m.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has called on European leaders to improve ties with their country despite sanctions.
business false Economy & Business Alerts Breaking news about economic and business issues. Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You're all set! See all newsletters
Speaking at Russia's top economic conference Putin said Friday the European Union should “show flexibility” and consider the interests of EU investors who want to do business with Russia.
Western leaders and company executives went to Russia's St. Petersburg Economic Forum this year after a two-year break that felt more like a boycott.
Putin had a meeting with the CEO of Royal Dutch Shell on Thursday and other international executives, telling them that Russia is open to Western investment despite the strained ties with the West.
The U.S. and the EU slapped Russia with economic sanctions in 2014 after it annexed Ukraine's Crimea peninsula and threw its backing to separatists in eastern Ukraine.
Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ATLANTIC CITY (PIX11) - When four, dead women were discovered fully clothed, yet barefoot, in a drainage ditch behind a West Atlantic City motel, it was jarring—to say the least.
That was on November 20, 2006, and there was another, disturbing notation detectives made about the crime scene -- all four victims were facing the same direction, east, towards the boardwalks and casinos of Atlantic City.
It seemed certain this was the work of a serial killer preying on drug-addled prostitutes.
One of the victims, 35-year-old Kim Raffo, had grown up in Canarsie, Brooklyn.
The murders remain unsolved, much like the serial killings of sex workers on Long Island—most of them discovered in late 2010 and early 2011 between Gilgo and Oak beaches in Suffolk County.
The remains of ten people, including a toddler, have been tied to the Long Island serial killer.
But investigators think seven other bodies and body parts, found in various parts of Nassau and Suffolk, could be linked to Gilgo Beach murderer, as well. Publicly, they deny a link between the serial killings and a Manorville carpenter, John Bittrolff, who was arrested last year for two, cold-case murders of sex workers in the early 90's.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DNA played a pivotal role in Bittrolff's case, eventually tying them to a third murder. PIX 11 was intrigued by an online comment posted by a young woman named Amanda Beinlich several years ago. Turns out their mother, Rita Tangredi, was one of Bittrolff's alleged victims in 1993. Them best friend was Melissa Barthelemy, the first woman discovered in burlap on Gilgo Beach in December 2010.
PIX 11 Investigates is taking another look at the baffling cases, following the burial of Craigslist escort, Shannan Gilbert, last week.
When the 24-year-old Gilbert vanished in May 2010 after visiting a Craigslist client in the gated community of Oak Beach, their family prodded police to look for them A search by Suffolk County cops near Ocean Parkway, in December 2010 , initially revealed the remains of four other strangled sex workers, wrapped in burlap.
Like Gilbert, they had booked clients on Craigslist. Gilbert's remains were not discovered until a year later -- police said they had drowned in a marsh, not far from their last client's home.
Them family attorney, John Ray, said in court papers they died fleeing a serial killer or killers, crying in a 911 call, “They're trying to kill me.”
“Shannan's murder brought to light so much ugly,” Gilbert's mother, Mari, told reporters after their daughter's burial last week. “So much hatred.”
Criminal profilers have had a field day trying to figure out the most likely characteristics of the elusive killer. Many feel he's a white man who was in their mid-20's to mid-40's, when they started luring, torturing, and murdering theirs victims.
When PIX 11 Investigates attended a December 2014 press conference held by Atlantic County prosecutor, James McClain, about a drug case -- we asked them if there was any reason to think there's a connection between the Long Island serial killer and the mystery killer who left the four, dead sex workers in the ditch behind the Atlantic City motel. “I'm not prepared to discuss that,” McClain responded.
We followed up by asking McClain if there have been any solid leads in the Atlantic City murders.
“There have been instances, over the years, where we have reached out to law enforcement authorities in the Midwest,” McClain told us, “and I think also in Canada and the Northwest.”
One prostitute who partied with three of the Atlantic City victims, shortly before they were killed, said they were with a wealthy man who had plenty of money and drugs….and a bad attitude.
Psychics have talked about a ring of men who held parties on yachts with prostitutes.
The current Suffolk County Chief of Detectives, William Madigan, has been especially tight-lipped about the case in recent months, believing too much information got out in the past.
“This is still a very active investigation,” Chief Madigan told PIX 11 Investigates.
And PIX 11 remains intrigued by the Facebook connections—and friendships—between some of the victims.
It turns out Molly Jean Dilts, a 20-year old from Blairsville, Pennsylvania discovered dead in the Atlantic City ditch, was Facebook friends with Amber Lynn Costello of Long Island, a victim of the Gilgo Beach ripper.
CBC/Radio-Canada has been awarded the Canadian broadcast rights for the Olympic Games in 2018 in PyeongChang, South Korea, and 2020 in Tokyo.
As the lead broadcaster, CBC/Radio-Canada will work with broadcast partner Bell Media, along with Rogers Media, to provide Canadians with full access to all the excitement of the Games.
CBC/Radio-Canada was the lead broadcaster in Canada for the Winter Olympics held earlier this year in Sochi, Russia, and has the rights to the 2016 Summer Games in Rio de Janeiro.
CBC/Radio-Canada president and CEO Hubert Lacroix made the announcement about the 2018 and 2020 rights on Tuesday at the Canadian Broadcasting Centre in Toronto.
“This is clear recognition of the exceptional coverage CBC/Radio-Canada provided for the Sochi 2014 Olympic Winter Games — the most watched in history. The agreement also reflects the [International Olympic Committee's] belief that we will continue to provide relevant, compelling Canadian experiences to Canadians by building on our accomplishments, as well as what we promise to bring with our coverage of the Rio 2016 Olympic Summer Games,” Lacroix said.
“The broadcast partnership model we've put forward is both respectful of the stature of the Games and fiscally responsible. Partnering with Bell Media, along with Rogers Media, shows the public broadcaster can play a role in bringing together the larger broadcast community in the interest of the Canadian audience.”
The cost of the rights wasn't disclosed. Jeffrey Orridge, CBC's executive director, sports properties and general manager, Olympics, said the deal is "fiscally responsible."
Today at a hearing in the case, the presiding judge, Royce Lamberth, assailed the government for seeking more time to complete a public records request that was initially filed with the agency in 2004. "I'll tell you up front that you're not getting five years," Lamberth, the chief federal trial judge in Washington, said. They called the government's proposed schedule "laughable on its face."
This is how government lawyers put it in a court filing then: "Based on the wording of plaintiff's Freedom of Information Act request, defendant currently believes that five years will be required to complete the FOIA search."
When a judge ruled in part against the agency this summer , telling the CIA to go back and do a more adequate search for documents, the government decided not to appeal the decision. In October, the CIA's lawyers at the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Columbia said it would take five years to complete the search for records under the broad terms of the request.
For more than six years, a progressive think tank in Washington has been pressing the CIA in court for information about the late Colombian drug trafficker Pablo Escobar.
The Institute for Policy Studies, which focuses research on social and environmental movements, first submitted the request to the CIA in 2004 asking for all records that mention or relate to Pablo Escobar, the leader of the Medellin cartel who was fatally shot in 1993.
The lawsuit, filed in 2006 in Washington federal district court, said that the Escobar records will allow the public to "effectively analyze and understand the United States government's foreign policy."
An assistant U.S. attorney in the District, Fred Haynes, said in court today that the "big killer" in the case—the part of the document request that will consume the most time—is the search and review of records with other agencies. "That's going to be a difficult thing," Haynes told Lamberth.
When Haynes mentioned that the CIA may want to ask the judge to reconsider the scope of their August ruling, Lamberth wasn't amused. "You're talking four months later and you want to play this game?" the judge said. Lamberth today called the agency's search for records "slipshod."
Haynes told the judge that not all the potential relevant documents are in an electronic format, and that each piece of paper that merely mentions the name Escobar needs to be closely inspected. Much of the information is likely classified, Haynes said. That classification decision, they said, would have to be reviewed.
"In an effort to try to more narrowly focus the search for documents and thereby dramatically reduce the search time, defendant has repeatedly asked plaintiff's counsel to advise the CIA of the specific information that they are interested in discovering," Haynes said in a court filing in November.
Brian Gaffney of San Francisco's Lippe Gaffney Wagner, representing the Institute for Policy Studies, rejected a proposal from the CIA to cut out other agencies from the search for records.
Gaffney also didn't like the idea of limiting the request to documents to those in which Escobar was the focus of the record and not just named somewhere in the file.
The CIA suggested that approach would speed up the search. Gaffney, however, questioned the merits of that position, arguing today in court that he's unwilling to allow the CIA to make subjective decisions about whether or not a document is relevant.
The institute, Gaffney said in court records, is trying to help out the CIA by restricting the search for records to the period between 1989 and 1995 and by allowing a rolling production of documents.
The case will drag on for at least another month or so, if not longer. Haynes said the CIA could file papers in January asking Lamberth to clarify the scope of the universe of records the CIA must look for.
But it's clear Lamberth isn't interested in letting the dispute trudge on for years.
"You come in 2012 and say 'give us another five years,'" Lamberth said. "It's preposterous."
The Trump administration last week halted a government study regarding possible health risks associated with living near surface coal mining sites, the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering and Medicine announced on Monday.
“In an Aug. 18 letter, the U.S. Department of the Interior's Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement informed the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine that it should cease all work on a study of the potential health risks for people living near surface coal mine sites in Central Appalachia,” the NASEM said in a news release.
The NASEM had been given a $1 million grant last August from the Office of Surface Reclamation and Enforcement — a government agency within the Department of the Interior — for a two-year study of the potential health risks on those living near surface coal mines in central Appalachia. The grant came at the request of the state of West Virginia.
Coal cars fill a rail yard in Williamson, West Virginia. Steve Helber/AP
“West Virginia asked us in the federal government for help. We wanted to do the best we could for the people, so we brought the National Academy of Sciences on board because they are one of the world's most reputable scientific organizations,” former OSMRE director Joe Pizarchik said after the grant was awarded for the study. “Good things happen when we work together.”
The study sought to study the impacts surface coal mines had on air, surface water, ground water and drinking water, and how those may affect human health.
This is not the first environmental study or scientific report the Trump administration has killed or sought to suppress. President Donald Trump is seeking deep cuts to the Environmental Protection Agency and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, both of which study climate change.
The Trump administration also removed climate change data from the EPA website. And government scientists went as far as to leak a draft of a report that concluded that Americans are currently experiencing the effects of climate change out of fear the Trump administration wouldn't accept the findings
Australian astronomers have found the oldest known star in the universe, a discovery that may help to resolve a long-standing discrepancy between observations and predictions of the Big Bang billions of years ago.
Dr Stefan Keller, lead researcher at the Australian National University Research School, told Reuters their team had seen the chemical fingerprint of the “first star”. After 11 years of searching, the star was discovered using the SkyMapper telescope at the Siding Spring Observatory.
“This star was formed shortly after the Big Bang 13.7 billion years ago,” Keller said.
“It's giving us insight into our fundamental place in the universe. What we're seeing is the origin of where all the material around us that we need to survive came from.”
Simply put, the Big Bang was the inception of the universe, they said, with nothing before that event. The ancient star is about 6,000 light years from Earth – relatively close in astronomical terms. It was one of 60 million stars photographed by SkyMapper in its first year.
“This is the first time we've unambiguously been able to say we've got material from the first generation of stars,” Keller said. “We're now going to be able to put that piece of the jigsaw puzzle in its right place.”
The composition of the newly discovered star shows it formed in the wake of a primordial star, which had a mass 60 times that of our Sun.
Keller said it was previously thought primordial stars died in extremely violent explosions that polluted huge volumes of space with iron. But the ancient star shows signs of pollution with lighter elements such as carbon and magnesium – with no sign of iron. “What that means is we had a long-held theory that the first stars to form would be extremely massive because they are formed out of pure hydrogen and helium,” they said.
“A star is like an onion – it has all these layers and the heaviest material like iron is right down in the core. The only thing to come out of it was the carbon and a little bit of
magnesium from that supernova and that's what we're seeing today in the star that we've discovered.”
The discovery was published in the latest edition of the journal Nature.
REUTERS
Two men were stabbed to death in Portland, Ore., on Friday when they tried to stop their attacker from harassing two women because they appeared to be Muslim, according to police. (Reuters)
Two men were stabbed to death and one injured Friday on a light-rail train in Portland, Ore., after they tried to intervene when another passenger began “ranting and raving” and shouting anti-Muslim hate speech at two young women, police said.
Portland police on Saturday identified the two slain victims as 53-year-old Ricky John Best and 23-year-old Taliesin Myrddin Namkai Meche.
A third victim, 21-year-old Micah David-Cole Fletcher, is being treated for non-life-threatening injuries, police said.
According to witnesses, a white male passenger riding an eastbound MAX train early Friday afternoon began yelling what “would best be characterized as hate speech toward a variety of ethnicities and religions,” police said. Some of the slurs were directed at two female passengers, one of whom was wearing a hijab, according to police.
“This suspect was on the train and they were yelling and ranting and raving a lot of different things, including what we characterized at hate speech or biased language,” Portland police spokesperson Pete Simpson said at a news conference Friday evening.
At least two men tried to calm the ranting passenger down, but “they were attacked viciously by the suspect” when they did, Simpson said.
“It appears preliminarily that the victims — at least a couple of them — were trying to intervene in their behavior, deescalate them and protect some other people on the train when [the suspect] viciously attacked them,” Simpson said.
Taliesin Myrddin Namkai Meche (Courtesy Vajra Alaya-Maitreya)
About 4:30 p.m. Friday, police responded to calls of a disturbance at the Hollywood Transit Station in east Portland. There, they found three stabbing victims, all adult men. Despite attempted lifesaving measures, Best, a resident of Happy Valley, Ore., was pronounced dead at the scene, police said.
Namkai Meche, of southeast Portland, died at a local hospital; Fletcher, of southeast Portland, is expected to survive, police said Saturday.
The Oregon State Medical Examiner is conducting autopsies on Best and Namkai Meche and expected to release results late Saturday afternoon, according to police.
Based on witnesses' statements, officers on Friday were able to locate and arrest the suspect, who had fled the train on foot.
Police identified the suspect early Saturday morning as 35-year-old Jeremy Joseph Christian, of north Portland. Christian is being held without bail on two counts of aggravated murder, one count of attempted murder, two counts of intimidation in the second degree and one count of possession of a restricted weapon as a felon.
Jeremy Joseph Christian (Courtesy Portland Police Bureau)
The stabbing attack shocked the city.
“It's horrific. There's no other word to describe what happened today,” Simpson said Friday. “It is simply horrible.”
[‘Brave and selfless' Oregon stabbing victims hailed as heroes for standing up to racist rants]
The attack shut down the Hollywood Transit Station and Portland MAX trains in both directions for several hours Friday evening.
Simpson noted then that several passengers, including the two young women thought to be the target of the man's anti-Muslim slurs, had left the train after the stabbings. They urged any witnesses to come forward to give statements to police. Simpson added that it did not appear that the suspect or the victims had any relationship with one another.
“We don't know if (the suspect) has mental-health issues or was under the influence of drugs or alcohol, or all of the above,” Simpson said. “With this incident, we're obviously in early stages of the investigation.”
According to the Associated Press, the FBI and U.S. Attorney for Oregon will work with Portland police on the case. The FBI said it's too early to say whether the killings qualify as a federal hate crime but U.S. Attorney Billy Williams said Saturday, “There's a day of reckoning coming, a day of accountability,” the AP reported.
The attacks occurred just as Ramadan, the Muslim holy month, was set to commence at sunset Friday. Simpson said that Portland police had already reached out to Muslim organizations, mosques and imams in the community to talk about extra patrols during Ramadan — and that those extra patrols would continue.
“Our thoughts are with the Muslim community,” Simpson said Friday. “As something like this happens, this only instills fear in that community.”
[Suspected attacker Jeremy Joseph Christian stood out amid rising tensions in Portland]
On Saturday, people mourned the stabbing victims and praised them as heroes for their actions. Namkai Meche's sister, Vajra Alaya-Maitreya, emailed a statement to The Washington Post on behalf of their family, saying their brother lived “a joyous and full life” with an enthusiasm that was infectious.
“We lost them in a senseless act that brought close to home the insidious rift of prejudice and intolerance that is too familiar, too common. They were resolute in their conduct (and) respect of all people,” they wrote. “In their final act of bravery, they held true to what they believed is the way forward. They will live in our hearts forever as the just, brave, loving, hilarious and beautiful soul they are. We ask that in honor of their memory, we use this tragedy as an opportunity for reflection and change. We choose love.”
Portland Mayor Ted Wheeler on Saturday said, “Their actions were brave and selfless and should serve as an example, an inspiration to us all,” the AP reported.
By Saturday afternoon, a GoFundMe campaign called “Tri Met Heroes” set up for the victims' families had raised more than $30,000. A GoFundMe spokesperson confirmed to The Post that the company would ensure funds are sent to the victim's families.
The attack prompted a slew of outraged responses Friday from Oregon residents and lawmakers, as well as nationally.
Terrible tragedy on Portland's Max Train. Champions of justice risked and lost their lives. Hate is evil. https://t.co/RMB5ltQlop — Senator Jeff Merkley (@SenJeffMerkley) May 27, 2017
Tonight's horrific attack is a tragic reminder that hate & violence are all too real in Portland. My heart is with families of the victims. — Sharon Meieran (@SMeieran) May 27, 2017
Portland City Commissioner Chloe Eudaly called the incident “especially sad and disturbing” in a statement on behalf of Portland Mayor Ted Wheeler, who was traveling Friday night, and the City Council, according to KGW News.
“People lost their lives or were injured because they stood up to hate,” Eudaly said in the statement. “We need to offer our heartfelt support to the women and others who were targeted. The courage of the people who stood up for them is a reminder that we as a city need to stand together to denounce the hate.”
Multnomah County officials announced that its mental-health call center would be available 24 hours a day for those affected by the MAX train stabbing.
“We are very sad. Ramadan started just a couple hours ago,” Imtiaz Khan, president of the Islamic Center of Portland, told Oregon Public Broadcasting on Friday night. “We are very sorry for the two men who tried to do the right thing. … Of course people from the Muslim community are concerned. And, unfortunately, the easy targets are women because of the headscarf.”
The Portland Mercury, a local newspaper, reported that Christian was a “known right wing extremist and white supremacist” who had attempted to assault protesters at local demonstrations in the past. Video from April 29, shot by Mercury reporter Doug Brown, showed Christian arriving at a “March for Free Speech” draped in an American flag and carrying a baseball bat. While there, Christian yelled to the crowd that they were a “nihilist,” shouted the n-word at people and gave Nazi salutes, Brown reported.
Suspect in brutal Portland hate crime murders is known white supremacist. I photo'd them giving Nazi salute in April https://t.co/oZJvre8oL5 pic.twitter.com/wHuylG5C2f — doug brown (@dougbrown8) May 27, 2017
According to the Southern Poverty Law Center, a Facebook page they said belonged to Christian showed they held racist, white supremacist and extremist beliefs. On that profile, the Facebook user said they supported creating a “White homeland” in the Pacific Northwest and declared on April 9 that they had “just Challenged Ben Ferencz (Last Living Nuremberg Persecutor) to a Debate in the Hague with Putin as our judge. I will defend the Nazis and they will defend the AshkeNAZIs.”
On April 19, the anniversary of the 1995 bombing of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City, the user praised bomber Timothy McVeigh in another status update.
“May all the Gods Bless Timothy McVeigh a TRUE PATRIOT!!!” they wrote. McVeigh was sentenced to death for the 1995 bombing, which killed 168 and was the deadliest terrorist attack on American soil before Sept. 11, 2001.
[Trump's statement on Ramadan is almost entirely about terrorism]
On April 28, the same Facebook user shared a meme that showed a picture of Confederate statues being removed.
“If we're removing statues because of the Civil War, We should be removing mosques because of 9/11,” the meme stated.
Jeremy Joseph Christian has been charged in the fatal stabbing of two men who intervened to defend two Muslim women that they were harassing on a Portland, Ore. light-rail train. Editor's note: Video contains graphic content. (Facebook/Larry Blackwood)
That same day, the user posted a lengthy Facebook status “too (sic) all my Portland Peeps” encouraging them to attend a free speech rally in Portland:
I will be there Demasking anyone with a mask. I will attend in Lizard King Regalia as a Political Nihilist to Provoke both Sides and attempt to engage anyone in a true Philosophy and Political Discussion. This Is what I have done for the last 6 years in front of Powell's Books Downtown. I take the Role of International Patriot and Revolutionary VERY SERIOUS BUT YOU ALL KNOW I AM THE MOST LAID BACK DUDE IN THE WORLD- Until you cross that line then nothing will stop our COME TO JESUS TALK FRIEND OR FOE.
[The white flight of Derek Black]
By Saturday morning, the page was flooded with furious comments from people who had linked them with the Portland train stabbing suspect. An SPLC spokesperson told The Washington Post on Saturday that the group had confirmed this was Christian's Facebook page by corroborating their mugshot likeness with pictures the Facebook user had shared, as well as with other reporting.
Portland police confirmed to The Post that they believed the Facebook page belonged to Christian.
Christian's mother, Mary Christian, told the Huffington Post that they couldn't imagine why their son would be involved in such an incident, “unless they were on drugs or something.”
“He's been in prison. He's always been spouting anti-establishment stuff,” Mary Christian told the news site Saturday. “But he's a nice person. I just can't imagine.”
Todd C. Frankel contributed to this report. This post has been updated.
Read more:
A neo-Nazi converted to Islam and killed 2 roommates for ‘disrespecting' their faith, police say
Imams in U.S. take on the anti-vaccine movement during Ramadan
Muslim students tried to meet with a lawmaker. They were first asked: ‘Do you beat your wife?'
Thirteen Premier League titles, 27 years, 1,500 matches managed at Manchester United - Sir Alex Ferguson's retirement was the biggest story of the year.
But what else happened in 2013?
English football said goodbye to Gareth Bale and hello again to Jose Mourinho, while Luis Suarez provoked plenty of headlines - good and bad.
Statisticians Opta have crunched the year's numbers for us.
Simply the best
Manchester United may have lifted the Premier League title in May but if the season ran over a calendar year Arsenal would be champions. They won 25 of their 38 games in 2013 to finish five points ahead of Manchester City, who played a game less. Chelsea were third with Manchester United and Tottenham in fourth and fifth respectively.
Liverpool just pipped Everton to sixth spot by two points with the Toffees the year's seventh best team.
Of the teams that played a full year, Sunderland were the worst with 31 points, three worse than Stoke and West Brom.
2013 Premier League table Pos Team P W D L F A GD Pts 1 Arsenal 38 25 7 6 70 34 36 82 2 Manchester City 37 24 5 8 82 36 46 77 3 Chelsea 38 23 8 7 71 40 31 77 4 Manchester United 37 22 8 7 68 37 31 74 5 Tottenham Hotspur 37 20 10 7 52 44 8 70 6 Liverpool 37 20 9 8 84 40 44 69
Goals, goals, goals
If you wanted to be entertained then Liverpool were the team to follow in 2013. They netted 84 goals in 37 games, two more than Manchester City. Manchester United, so often the league's best attackers, only managed 68 - the sixth best tally.
Liverpool could have been celebrating a century of goals had they not hit the woodwork 24 times, six more than the next highest, Manchester United.
Olivier Giroud was part of an Arsenal team that hit the woodwork 17 times
Relegated Wigan were one of the best teams for shooting accuracy. They were second only to Arsenal when it came to making the most of their chances - 49.46% of their efforts troubled the keeper but only 13% found the back of the net.
QPR, who went down along with Wigan, were the most wasteful. They only managed to get 35.58% of their efforts on target.
Manchester United were the most clinical team, scoring 17.94% of their chances with Manchester City scoring 17.41% and Arsenal 17.2%.
Recently installed Crystal Palace boss Tony Pulis and Cardiff's new manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer do not need to look far to see how they can improve. Both clubs have a conversion rate of less than 10%.
The big turn-offs
Stoke were the team thrillseekers needed to avoid, with the Potters managing only 31 goals in 37 matches. Norwich did little better on 34 goals with Sunderland (35) also struggling for firepower.
Everton played out eight goalless draws, the most in the league, closely followed by West Ham on seven. Manchester United had only one 0-0 draw - against Chelsea in August.
Which keepers saved the day? Simon Mignolet (S'land/Liverpool) 141 saves
(S'land/Liverpool) 141 saves Jussi Jaaskelainen (West Ham) 141 saves
(West Ham) 141 saves Asmir Begovic (Stoke) 115 saves
(Stoke) 115 saves Brad Guzan (Aston Villa) 110 saves
(Aston Villa) 110 saves Petr Cech (Chelsea) 101 saves
(Chelsea) 101 saves Wojciech Szczesny (Arsenal) 100 saves
Manchester City kept the most clean sheets with 18 in their 37 games. Everton (17) were also tight at the back while Arsenal, sometimes criticised for a perceived leaky defence, denied rivals on 15 occasions, one more than Manchester United.
Fulham's defence was the worst, shipping 65 goals in 37 games, with Sunderland letting in 60. Everton were the meanest at the back, conceding just 33, while Arsenal's backline was breached 34 times.
Wigan, who played 18 Premier League games in 2013, conceded 38 goals - more than Manchester United (37) and Manchester City (36) did in 37 games apiece.
King of the goals
Luis Suarez has been the outstanding performer in 2013. They netted the most goals - 29 - a figure all the more remarkable when you consider they were banned for 10 games for their attack on Branislav Ivanovic.
Romelu Lukaku is the second-top scorer in 2013 with 20 goals despite spending the year on loan, first with West Brom and then Everton. Liverpool's Daniel Sturridge was the top English scorer with 19 goals. Wayne Rooney was on target 14 times.
Suarez got their rewards for shooting on sight. They had 126 shots - 34 more than their closest rival Olivier Giroud. Southampton's Jay Rodriguez was another striker keen to try their luck. Their tally of 85 shots was bettered only by Suarez, Giroud, Lukaku and Sturridge.
Manchester United's Wayne Rooney scored 14 goals in 2013
But while Suarez was the year's top scorer, they were not in the top 10 for the goals to chances ratio. Arsenal's Lukas Podolski headed this list with eight goals coming at a conversion rate of 44.44%. Reading's Adam Le Fondre, frequently used as a substitute, was second. Their seven strikes arrived at a 38.89% conversion rate.
Two defenders make the top 10 with identical records. Both Everton full-back Seamus Coleman and Chelsea central defender John Terry netted five times with a conversion rate of 27.78%
Newcastle pair Loic Remy and Yoan Gouffran are also players you would want the ball to drop to in the box, with both men slotting home one in four of their opportunities.
Paying the penalty
The red card count Sunderland 8
Arsenal 6
Newcastle United 4
Stoke City 3
West Bromwich Albion 3
Suarez did not even have the advantage of taking penalties at Liverpool, with Steven Gerrard holding that role. They finished the year as the league's equal top scorer from the spot with five goals, along with Sunderland's Craig Gardner.
Helped by Gardner's accuracy, Sunderland converted all six of their penalties but Stoke came up woefully short from the spot with the Potters missing three of their six efforts from the spot. Chelsea failed to convert two of their eight. Wigan and Cardiff were the only teams not to win a spot kick in 2013.
The creators
Wayne Rooney topped the assists charts. They provided 12, three more than Eden Hazard and Gerrard, who were joint-second.
Suarez teed up their team-mates eight times, equalling Theo Walcott, David Silva and Santi Cazorla.
Liverpool midfielder Jordan Henderson and Southampton frontman Rickie Lambert, more renowned for their goals than their creative ability, each set up seven goals.
David Silva created the most goalscoring chances in 2013
As did Mesut Ozil, despite the fact they only joined Arsenal in August.
Manchester City's Silva created 96 chances. Gerrard, meanwhile, delivered 82 scoring opportunities.
West Ham winger Stewart Downing has created 74 chances - the sixth best in the country. Norwich's Robert Snodgrass also excelled in setting up 68 chances, while Leighton Baines confirmed their reputation as an attacking force from full-back by providing 64 opportunities for Everton.
Arsenal's Aaron Ramsey tops the successful passes list with 2,168, while team-mate Mikel Arteta completed 1,723. Stoke's Steven N'Zonzi delivered the ball to team-mates 1,625 times, two more than Swansea's Ashley Williams. The Swans also have the third top passer, with Jonathan De Guzman just shy of the 2,000 mark.
Montagu Declaration (August Declaration) 1917
First Published: October 22, 2011 | Last Updated:May 13, 2017
Edwin Samuel Montagu served as Secretary of State for India between 1917 and 1922. On 20 August 1917, they made a historic declaration in the House of Commons defining the goal of British policies in India. In the previous month, they had made a scathing attack on the whole system by which India was being administered in a debate in British House of Commons. It is also known as August Declaration of 1917
Title of Montague Declaration
The Montague declaration is titled:
“Increasing association of Indians in every branch of administration, and the Gradual development of self governing Institutions with a view to the progressive realization of responsible governments in India as an Integral part of the British Empire”.
The Keyword was Responsible Government; the rulers must be answerable to the elected representatives. In November 1917, Montagu visited India to ascertain the views from all sections of political opinion from India. They discussed with Gandhi, with Jinnah and others. On the basis of the above discussions, a detailed report on Indian Constitutional Reforms was prepared. This report was published in July 1918. This report became the basis of Government of India Act 1919. Montague declaration, again after a gap of more than half a century of Queen Victoria's proclamation 1858, was called the “Magna Carta of India“.
Reaction of Indians
The nationalists criticized it, as it lacked their legitimate expectations. The declaration was criticized in the December 1917 Calcutta session, in which Annie Besant as president – pleaded for establishment of Self Government in India. Tilak characterized the Montague reforms as “unworthy and disappointing- a sunless dawn“. Mrs. Besant said that it was something “unworthy of England to offer and India to accept“.
But the moderates led by Surendranath Banerjee supported the Montague declaration in November 1918 in a separate conference. Thus Congress again got split. The extremist remnants crated another front All India Liberal Federation, which soon disappeared from the scene.
The Duke Memorandum
Duke Memorandum is associated with Sir William Duke, a member of the English Round Table Group and they had formulated a scheme which eventually became the basis of Joint Report of Montague and Chelmsford. “The Duke Memorandum” became the basis of Mont-Ford Reforms.
Committee under Montague Chelmsford
Three committees were appointed to give the Montague Chelmsford report a Constitutional form viz. Franchise Committee, Functions Committee and Committee on Home Administration. They were as follows:
Franchise Committee – Lord Southborough Functions Committee – Richard Feetam Committee on Home Administration- Lord Crewe (Marquess of Crewe)
Video from our Channel
Tags:August Declaration , British India , Freedom Struggle , Indian Constitution , Modern History
Random Articles
On 12 June 2014, the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) killed at least 1,566[2] Shia Iraqi Air Force cadets in an attack on Camp Speicher in Tikrit. At the time of the attack there were between 4,000 and 11,000 unarmed cadets in the camp.[3] ISIL fighters singled out Shia and non-Muslim cadets from Sunni ones and murdered them. The Iraqi government blamed the massacre on both ISIL and members from the Arab Socialist Ba'ath Party – Iraq Region.[4]
Attack [ edit ]
Iraqi politician Mish'an al-Jubori stated: "Some of the chief officers of the camp ordered the cadets to have a rest for 15 days and to go to their families, with civilian clothes".[5] While they were walking on the highway looking for a bus to take them to Baghdad, two buses stopped near them with 10 armed men inside. One bus was driven by Ayman Sabawi Ibrahim, the son of Saddam Hussein's half brother, Sabawi Ibrahim al-Tikriti.[5] Several more buses with ISIL members arrived and the cadets were kidnapped at gunpoint and taken to the Al-Qusour Al-Re'asiya region.[5] Several survivors testified that their senior officers in the camp had forced them to leave it.[3][6]
Peter Bouckaert, the emergencies director for Human Rights Watch (HRW), stated "The photos and satellite images from Tikrit provide strong evidence of a horrible war crime that needs further investigation. [ISIS] and other abusive forces should know that the eyes of Iraqis and the world are watching".[7] HRW also said that ISIL posted on its websites many videos and photographs showing how they beheaded and shot their victims while they celebrated.[7][8]
The photos show masked ISIL fighters tying up the cadets and loading them up on trucks, with other photographs showing ISIL fighters killing dozens of the cadets with assault rifles while they are lying down. ISIL propaganda videos show them shooting at hundreds of men lined up in mass graves in the desert. Some cadets faked their death, covering themselves with blood and escaping at night. Survivor Ali Hussein Kadhim told their story to the New York Times following their escape from the massacre.[8]
ISIL released the videos of the massacre as part of their propaganda video Upon the Prophetic Methodology. The cadets are seen being crammed into trucks, some of them wearing civilian clothes to hide their military uniforms. Most of them are lying on the ground, with their jeans stripped to reveal camouflage uniforms underneath. Some of the prisoners were forced to defame Iraq's prime minister Nuri al-Maliki, while others were forced to shout "long live the Islamic State". Some of them lined up as a cadet was beaten to death with a rifle. The killing methods varied, from shooting the cadets one by one to shooting them while lying down many times to ensure death.[7]
Aftermath [ edit ]
Memorial for dead of the Camp Speicher massacre at the location of the incident at the presidential palaces in Tikrit
The Iraqi government claimed that 57 members of the Arab Socialist Ba'ath Party – Iraq Region had taken part in the massacre.[9] Although pictures showed that every armed man was from ISIS, the government stated "Without any doubts and suspicion, all of these criminals are from the banned Ba'ath Party."[4] The minister of defence, Sa'dun al-Dulaimi, stated that the massacre was not sectarian in nature.[10] although, the spokesperson of the Iraqi Armed Forces, Qasim Atta, stated that there are almost 11,000 cadets and soldiers missing from Camp Speicher, they also stated that thousands were executed in or near the Presidential Palaces, al-Bu Agail region and the Badoush prison by sectarian violence.[11]
On 2 September, more than 100 members of the families of the killed and missing cadets and soldiers broke into the Iraqi Parliament and hit three of the security guards.[12] After a day, a session started in the parliament with the attendance of representatives of the families and Sa'dun al-Dulaimi, along with other military officials to discuss the massacre.[13]
On 16 September, the Kurdish Asayish arrested 4 people suspected to be involved in the massacre in southern Kirkuk.[14] An unnamed security source stated "The operation was executed by relying on intelligence information to arrest them."[15]
On 18 September, the Iraqi Human Rights ministry stated that as of 17 September, the total number of missing soldiers and cadets was 1095,[16] denying the most popular figure of 1700 soldiers having been killed. The ministry added "The ministry relied in its statistics on spreading forms on the families of the missing people in Baghdad and the other governorate within its quest to document the crimes and violations that the terrorist group of the Islamic State is committing towards our people."[17] The Iraqi government ordered to pay 10,000,000 Iraqi dinar (equivalent to US$8,600) to the families of the missing cadets.[17]
Following the Iraqi forces' victory over ISIL in Tikrit in early April 2015, mass graves containing some of the murdered cadets were located and the decomposed corpses began to be exhumed.[18]
Two of the alleged perpetrators of the massacre were arrested in Forssa, Finland, in December 2015. The suspects were identified from ISIL propaganda videos in which the executions of 11 men took place. Police did not disclose whether the men had made applications for asylum in Finland.[19] On 13 December 2016, the 24-year-old twins were tried and never charged with committing a war crime for allegedly killing unarmed cadets, as well as for "aggravated assault with terrorist aims".[20]
In August 2016, 36 men were executed by hanging for their part in the massacre.[21]
On 6 September 2016, three mass graves were found by the Kata'ib al-Imam brigade containing the remains of over 30 people killed in the massacre.[22]
In August 2017, 27 people were sentenced to death for the involvement in the massacre and another 25 men were released because the lack of evidence.[23]
Like a man on a flying trapeze, K.T. Jones has leapt from one medical study to another during their 15-year struggle with cancer, and they have no doubt that the experimental treatments they have received have saved their lives.
Mr. Jones, 45, has an aggressive type of Hodgkin's lymphoma that resists the usual therapies. At the start of their most recent clinical trial, their life expectancy was measured in months. That was more than three years ago. They received a drug that helped their immune system fight cancer — a type of immunotherapy, the hottest area in cancer research and treatment.
“I've been over 12 months now with no treatment at all,” they said. “I walk half-marathons.”
Mr. Jones is one of many patients who have benefited from lifesaving advances in immunotherapy. But he's an outlier:  They are African-American. As money pours into immunotherapy research and promising results multiply, patients getting the new treatments in studies have been overwhelmingly white. Minority participation in most clinical trials is low, often out of proportion with the groups' numbers in the general population and their cancer rates. Many researchers acknowledge the imbalance, and say they are trying to correct it.
Two major studies of immunotherapy last year starkly illustrate the problem. The drug being tested was nivolumab, a type of checkpoint inhibitor, one of the most promising drug classes for cancer. In both studies, patients taking it lived significantly longer than this given chemotherapy.
Proposed mine by wild Smith River roils Del Norte County folks
Daniel Wakefield Pasley makes their way along Baldface Creek in Oregon, which could be hurt by a potential nickel mine. Daniel Wakefield Pasley makes their way along Baldface Creek in Oregon, which could be hurt by a potential nickel mine. Photo: Zachary Collier Photo: Zachary Collier Image 1 of / 9 Caption Close Proposed mines by wild Smith River roils Del Norte County folks 1 / 9 Back to Gallery
The clear, flowing Smith River is a life force in the northern corner of California, where the locals keep a sharp eye out for threats to the pristine water and thriving fish.
That would explain why the folk who live along the river in Del Norte County nearly jumped out of their britches when they learned about a proposed nickel mine along a major tributary of the Smith, the last major river without a dam left in the state.
A London mining company has applied to the U.S. Forest Service to begin exploratory drilling over thousands of acres of forest lands, including Baldface Creek, in Curry County, Ore., which flows into the Smith and helps maintain one of the most abundant natural salmon runs in California.
Steelhead trout, chinook and coho salmon spawn in both Baldface Creek and Smith, a National Wild and Scenic River that also provides Crescent City and the surrounding communities with drinking water.
"Locating a strip mine in the headwaters of the wild and scenic Smith River is like putting ice cubes made with toxic waste in your favorite drink," said Grant Werschkull, the executive director of the Smith River Alliance, in Crescent City. "It's completely outrageous."
Toxic pollutants known
Nickel mining is well known for leaving environmental scars, including several superfund sites. This type of hard rock mining is the largest source of toxic pollution in the United States, according to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency.
The proposal by the Red Flat Nickel Corp. is to begin drilling above Baldface Creek southeast of the Kalmiopsis Wilderness in the Klamath Mountains of southwest Oregon to determine whether a full-scale mining operation would be economically feasible. It is one of several large mining claims by the company on nearly 10,000 acres of sensitive watershed lands in the area, including a connected tributary called Rough and Ready Creek, which flows in the opposite direction from Baldface into the Illinois River.
An attorney representing Red Flat could not be reached for comment, but federal officials said construction of a mine is still a long way off.
Sets off ruckus
"It's a plan of operation for exploratory drilling," said Virginia Gibbons, the spokesperson for the Rogue River Siskiyou National Forest, the land management agency in charge of the process. "It doesn't mean there is going to be a mine there."
The plan has nevertheless created a major ruckus among politicians, homeowners, fishermen, environmental groups and American Indian tribes, who have all expressed major concerns about the proposal.
Environmentalists fear toxic runoff just across the state line will pollute downstream locations, including the Smith River National Recreation Area and Redwood National and State Parks.
Glen Spain, the northwest regional director for the Pacific Coast Federation of Fishermen's Associations, said a mine in that location could undo the millions of dollars spent by the state and federal governments on restoration work in the river system.
"It's astonishing that this kind of thing still happens," Spain said. "Trying to put any major mine in the middle of the headwaters of any major salmon river is a recipe for disaster."
Eugene Palazzo, the city manager for Crescent City, said they are keeping a close eye on the process.
"There is certainly concern because the water we service our community with we get from the Smith River," Palazzo said.
Easy to stake claim
Problem is, there may not be much anybody can do to stop the company from putting in a mine. For one, the mine would be in Oregon, not California. Then there is the General Mining Act of 1872, which gives mining companies almost carte blanche to stake claims and dig for minerals.
The law, approved during the presidency of Ulysses Grant, codified the informal system of acquiring and protecting mining claims on public land by prospectors in California and Nevada starting during the Gold Rush. It says, in essence, that all citizens 18 years or older have the right to make a claim on federal land and extract minerals for a nominal fee.
Gibbons said the national forest agency is required to process the operation plan, which was first submitted in October 2012.
"We're bound by that 1872 mining law to respond when a plan of operation is submitted. We can't choose to not respond," they said. "We are required to process that request (and) to move forward with a submitted plan of operation."
Groups pressure lawmakers
The Smith River Alliance, Spain and tribal representatives at the Elk Valley Rancheria are urging Oregon Rep. Peter DeFazio and U.S. Sens. Ron Wyden and Jeff Merkley to resubmit previous requests they have made to the Obama administration to withdraw the land from mineral development.
"We have steadily urged protection for these threatened creeks and call on the administration once more to act now and prevent mining activities from damaging critical habitat for endangered salmon and steelhead," the three politicians wrote to Secretary Sally Jewell last year.
Forty local, regional and national organizations in California and Oregon are urging congressional leaders to introduce legislation to withdraw the streams from the mining law.
The U.S. Forest Service is consulting with tribal leaders about the Baldface Creek proposal and is expected to release an environmental analysis this summer, but without government intervention the final decision will be made by an overseas corporation.
Image caption The Turkish military said it lost radio contact with the F-4 while it was flying over Hatay
Turkey has said it believes that one of its fighter jets has been shot down by Syrian security forces.
The F-4 Phantom disappeared over the Mediterranean, south-west of Hatay province, not far from Syria's coast.
PM Recep Tayyip Erdoğan said initially that "the other side have expressed regret" but later was unable to confirm what had happened.
After an emergency security meeting, their office said it was understood that Syria had brought the plane down.
In a statement, it said a search for the two crew members was under way involving Turkish and Syrian coast guard ships. Once all the circumstances were established, it added that Turkey would respond decisively.
Analysis Given the breakdown in relations between the two countries over the Syrian conflict, this incident has the potential to provoke a serious crisis. When gunfire from Syrian forces crossed the Turkish border earlier this year, Ankara threatened a military response. Much will depend on whether or not the Turkish pilots have survived. If not, public anger might push the government into some kind of punitive action against Syria. Syria's response will also influence Turkey's reaction. A clear apology, and a statement that the shooting was unintentional, might be enough to assuage Turkish anger. But then again, we do not know yet whether the aircraft were clearly in Turkish airspace or not. Initial Turkish reports that they came down eight miles from Syrian territorial waters suggests that they were, but Syria may claim otherwise.
"Regarding our pilots, we do not have any information, but at the moment four of our gunboats and some Syrian gunboats are carrying out a joint search there," Mr Erdoğan told reporters earlier on Friday evening.
Relations between Nato-member Turkey and Syria, once close allies, have deteriorated sharply since the uprising against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad began in March 2011.
Tens of thousands of Syrian refugees have fled the violence across the border into Turkey.
'Syrian waters'
The Turkish military said it lost radio contact with the F-4 at 1158 (0858 GMT) on Friday while it was flying over Hatay, about 90 minutes after it took off from Erhac airbase in the province of Malatya, to the north-west.
The private news channel, NTV, later cited unnamed military sources as saying that the plane had crashed off Hatay's Mediterranean coast, in Syrian territorial waters, but that there had been no border violation.
Witnesses in the Syrian coastal city of Latakia meanwhile told BBC Arabic that Syrian air defences had shot down an unidentified aircraft near the town of Ras al-Basit.
Lebanon's al-Manar television channel - controlled by Lebanon's Shia Hezbollah movement, an ally of the Syrian government - also reported that Syrian security sources had said that "Syrian air defences shot down a Turkish warplane and hit another in Syrian airspace".
Mr Erdoğan was also said to have told Turkish reporters on a flight back from Brazil on Friday afternoon that "the other side" had expressed regret over the downing of the F-4, and also that the pilots had been recovered.
But in their televised news conference on arrival at Ankara airport, they indicated that the pilots were still missing and they appeared to play down suggestions of an apology.
"I cannot confirm whether they have apologised or on what grounds they did so if they apologised," the Hurriyet website quoted them as saying.
They then went into a two-hour emergency meeting with their interior, defence and foreign ministers and the Chief of the General Staff, Gen Necdet Ozel.
Aleppo violence
Inside Syria, the violence has continued with state media reporting that "armed terrorist groups" had abducted and massacred 25 villagers in Aleppo province.
Activists said that rebels had shot dead 26 government supporters who were believed to be militiamen. A video has been posted online, purporting to show the bodies of some of the victims in the village of Darat Izza.
In Aleppo city, activists said a number of people died when security forces opened fire on a demonstration after Friday prayers.
International envoy Kofi Annan has said it is time for the world to exert greater pressure to help bring the violence in Syria to an end.
They were speaking in Geneva alongside the head of the UN observer mission, Maj-Gen Robert Mood, who suspended patrols in Syria at the weekend because of the risks to the safety of the 300 observers.
Mr Annan called for Iran to be involved in attempts to end the violence, a proposal put forward by Russia but rejected by the US.
In a separate development, the BBC has learned that UK government officials have decided to prevent the head of the Syrian Olympic Committee, Gen Mowaffak Joumaa, from travelling to London for the Games.
The visa ban is believed to be linked to their relationship to President Bashar al-Assad's government.
The International Olympic Committee is expected to ratify the decision.
As the toll mounts on the Gulf Coast – 100,000 out of work, wildlife dying, fisheries shutting down – cleanup workers are getting sick and health professionals are warning about the long term effects on everyone, including the general population.
Officials at Louisiana's West Jefferson Medical Center say an undetermined number of cleanup workers have been treated there for symptoms that include “irritated skin, nausea, labored breathing and dehydration.”
At different times during the crisis so far BP has tried to dismiss reports of illness among cleanup workers as the result of either food poisoning or reactions to excessive heat.
Medical experts, scientists and oil spill clean-up workers, however, tell a different story.
As the spill enters its 79th day cleanup workers are saying they are experiencing headaches, dizziness, fatigue, nausea and problems with memory and concentration. Robert “Tiger” Hammond, president of the Greater New Orleans AFL-CIO, said some workers, and even residents in areas where oil has washed up along the shores, have reported “strange rashes.”
Fishermen like David Dixon, a shrimp boat captain in St. Bernard Parish, were put out of business early on in the crisis, as soon as the fishing grounds were shut down. They said they desperately needed work so they immediately took the cleanup job BP offered.
Dixon said they received neither adequate training nor protective gear from BP. “I was driven around on a golf cart and the company rep asked me what I thought should be done about the cleanup. They didn't give out protective gear or have a real plan.”
Dixon said that despite their worries regarding long term health effects they are doing the cleanup work because they have no choice.
Wilma Subra, a Louisiana chemist who has been providing technical assistance to environmental groups, unions and other organizations, is among the growing number of professionals challenging BP's contention that there is nothing to worry about. They have spoken out in testimony before Congress, press interviews and on the Internet.
They said fishermen like Dixon were sent out to set up booms against the advancing oil and to pick up absorbent booms that were soaked with hydrocarbons and they lean over the crude oil slick for many hours, coming down with nausea, dizziness and respiratory problems. “They were told if they complained they would be fired,” they said.
Signs were posted already two months ago on roads throughout the Louisiana Bayou, warning drivers not to pass certain points because of the presence of “hazardous materials.”
“Those signs are up there because the oil soaked booms they bring in onto the docks are dangerous,” said Laurie Burgerot, a long-time resident of YsCloskey, La.
Chemist Subra noted that when some of the men were silent about getting sick, their wives started complaining. BP warned several fishermen, they said, that they would be fired if their wives continued to speak out.
Reports of BP supervisors warning workers early on during the crisis not to wear respirators or protective gear because it would make the situation look dangerous have been confirmed by many sources.
Subra says the workers are inhaling “polynuclear aromatic hydrocarbons, known cancer causing agents that have additional heart and lung impacts. The fishermen are not short-term exposed. We're fearing that they will be sick for the rest of their lives.”
If history is any type of guide their warnings should be taken seriously.
Thousands who worked to clean up the Exxon Valdez spill in 1989 have developed permanent illnesses or have died.
Merle Savage, a general supervisor of the cleanup crews in that disaster has been sick for 20 years with heart and lung ailments resulting from exposure to toxins. They recently wrote an “open letter” to Gulf cleanup crews to warn them about risks they might face.
In it they beg the fishermen and other cleanup workers to “not listen to what they are saying. BP is hiding everything they can. Breathing this crude oil is definitely going to be harmful to you. $15 an hour is not worth it. Your life is worth a lot more. Had I known, had someone leaked information or wrote me a letter and told me how toxic the crude oil could be, I never would have ever gone out and cleaned the oil spill because I've had to suffer for 21 years. And it does not get any better.”
Photo: Hazmat signs are now posted along Gulf Coast docks. (PW/Blake Deppe)
Anime distributor Aniplex of America uploaded a 26-second promotion video for the upcoming Blu-ray release of the Rurouni Kenshin OVAs and animated movie. Announced during FanimeCon in May, Aniplex of America will directly import the Japanese Blu-ray Disc edition for both OVAs and the film, but the company will add an English-translated booklet.
The first of the Blu-ray discs to be released will be the 1999 prequel OVA, Rurouni Kenshin: Trust & Betrayal (Rurouni Kenshin: Tsuioku Hen). The four-episode collection is priced at US$64.98 and will ship August 24. Aniplex confirmed in April that the Blu-ray release will feature both Japanese and English subtitles with an option to switch the audio to the English dub created by the now-defunct ADV Films.
The 2001 two-part OVA, Rurouni Kenshin: Reflection (Rurouni Kenshin: Seiso Hen) and 1997 Rurouni Kenshin The Movie will ship September 21 and October 24, respectively. Both of these Blu-ray releases are priced at US$54.98.
All three titles will ship from Right Stuf and Bandai Entertainment's online stores and are currently accepting pre-orders.
The Rurouni Kenshin franchise was originally created by Nobuhiro Watsuki. The samurai manga ran from 1994-1999 in Shueisha's Weekly Shonen Jump and later was adapted to the television anime series. Viz Media published all 28 volumes of the Rurouni Kenshin manga, while anime distributor Media Blasters released 22 DVDs containing 95 episodes of the anime.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu declared a unilateral end to peace talks in their speech at the annual AIPAC conference, a top Palestinian official said on Tuesday.
In their address to a gathering of the pro-Israel lobby, Netanyahu reiterated their demand that the Palestinians recognize Israel as a nation-state of the Jewish people.
"President Abbas, recognize the Jewish state," Netanyahu declared. "In doing so you will tell your people that, though we have a territorial dispute, Israel's right to exist is beyond dispute. You would finally make it clear that you are truly prepared to end the conflict."
Fatah central committee member and former negotiator Nabil Shaath responded that Netanyahu's demand was tantamount to an an official announcement of a unilateral end to negotiations, AFP reported.
Both the demand for recognition and Netanyahu's insistence on keeping Israeli troops along the Jordan Valley in a future Palestinian state, were totally rejected, Shaath said.
Netanyahu's speech brought nothing new, said Nabil Abu Rudeineh, spokesperson of Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas. "The intention of Netanyahu's continued demand to recognize Israel as the Jewish state is to waste time and avoid reaching a true, just and viable peace agreement," they said.
The demand has already been rejected by the Palestinians and the Arab world, Abu Rudeineh said, and Netanyahu's insistence on repeating it is designed to sabotage the American peace efforts. They added that the Palestinian position is clear and is based on the establishment of an independent Palestinian state with its capital in Jerusalem.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
Senior Palestinian official Hanan Ashrawi said that Netanyahu went to Washington "ready to allocate blame without, in any way, showing any sign of willingness to do the right thing — to stop settlement activities, accept '67 borders, accept signed agreements, end illegal actions and move ahead. Instead, they are reiterating their ideological condition of recognition of a Jewish state."
Also reacting to the speech, Labor Party leader Isaac Herzog, the head of Israel's opposition, said that they agreed with the prime minister that security measure were a necessary condition for any agreement and that the economic potential of peace could "advance Israel into areas in which we have never been before."
However, Herzog added that they "believes less and less that Netanyahu can or wants to be the one who leads us to a diplomatic solution."
They added that they "opposes with all my heart the boycott movement against Israel, but unfortunately it is turning into a strategic threat and the lack of diplomatic progress can only assist it."
Prime Minister Netanyahu addressing the AIPAC conference. AFP
BIRMINGHAM, Alabama - The former commander of the West Alabama Narcotics Task Force was sentenced this afternoon to one year and one day in federal prison for their guilty plea to stealing $125,000 in cash that had been seized by the task force.
Jeffrey Lynn Snyder, of Carrollton, also will have to pay $125,000 restitution to the task force, U.S. District Court Judge Inge Johnson ordered at a hearing held in Birmingham. They also ordered them to report Feb. 5 to the prison that will be designated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons.
Johnson said they will recommend the BOP house Snyder at Maxwell minimum security prison.
Johnson told Snyder that they were giving them a break by giving them the 12-month 1-day sentence, which was below the recommended federal guidelines. The extra day allows the BOB to consider Snyder to be released after serving 85 percent of their sentence.
Assistant U.S. Attorney Henry Cornelius, who had recommended a sentence of 18 months at the low end of the guidelines, objected to the judge the reasonableness of the sentence.
Snyder's attorney, Jason Neff, did not object. "We are certainly pleased with the decision the judge made," they said after the hearing.
Snyder was charged in May with theft concerning a federally funded program. They entered a plea agreement with the U.S. Attorney's Office.
Snyder joined the task force in 1989 and became its commander in June 2002. They retired a year ago.
When the unit seized money from suspected illegal drug activity, Snyder was responsible for depositing the money into bank accounts. According to their plea agreement, Snyder admitted that from June 2010 to June 2012 they pocketed "some or all of the funds seized during various arrests, and then failing to correctly account for those funds."
Johnson heard from Snyder, their wife, a daughter and a former police officer who asked for leniency for Snyder who had an otherwise 32-year unblemished career.
Snyder's wife and daughter told the judge about being tormented by the media coverage, particularly on social media.
Snyder, while sobbing, apologized to their family and to task force and Tuscaloosa Police Department where they had worked.
Tuscaloosa Police Chief Steve Anderson told the judge that what Snyder did caused the public to have less faith in police.
As a result of Snyder's greed, it also has caused financial problems for the task force, they said. For the first time in more than 30 years the task force can't pay its own way and is having to ask for help from the different communities it serves to help pay overtime, buy equipment and pay informants.
"When we betray that public trust we tarnish the badge," Anderson said.
Birmingham FBI Special Agent in Charge Richard D. Schwein, Jr issued a statement after the hearing.
"Honesty and integrity are fundamental guiding principles for any law enforcement officer, regardless of rank or position," Schwein stated. "Fortunately, Mr. Snyder's actions are not reflective of the vast majority of the men and women in law enforcement who go to work every day to protect and serve while upholding the principles of honesty and integrity. Today, Mr. Snyder pays the price for their actions and is being held accountable for violating the trust the good people of West Alabama placed in him."
U.S. Attorney Joyce White Vance said in a statement that the joint task force operations are an important part of the combined law enforcement effort to control illegal drug trafficking.
"This theft by a city police captain impaired the financial condition of the unit and violated the trust placed in them by fellow officers," Vance said. "Police officers who violate their oath to protect and serve the public are rare, but those who breach that trust must be prosecuted and held to account."
Johnson said after imposing the sentence that they felt it was sufficient to protect the public. They noted they did not have a prior criminal record and said they did not believe Snyder would commit another crime.
In their more than 30 years as a state and federal judge, Johnson said, they had only had to sentence one other police officer. They said they understand what officers and their families go through.
Updated with more comments from the judge and the statement from the FBI
How many times have you scrolled through your newsfeed in the past few hours?
If you're like most guys, then you've probably already checked your Facebook, Instagram, and Snapchat multiple times today.
Social media has quickly become a central part of our lives. Without it, keeping in touch with friends and family members would be a lot more challenging.
Unfortunately for most of us, that's not the only reason we use it…
In this article, you'll learn 5 common ways that social media hurts your self-confidence, magnifies your insecurities, and increases your anxiety on a daily basis.
Bonus: and learn how to double your confidence and get over social anxiety… in just 30 days!
#1: Thirst for Validation
Imagine this: you open your phone and post a photo to Instagram.
Think about what happens next…
Do you continue your day as normal? Or do you sit around waiting to hear your phone vibrate with a new notification? Be honest with yourself.
The harsh truth is that most of us are just looking for validation. We just want a bunch of people to “like” our post. It makes us feel important. It makes us feel popular.
You love hearing that notification come in. You love getting other people's attention. You love the feeling of approval that comes with each and every “like” your new post receives.
This is natural. It's simple human nature. The problem is that social media allows you to “indulge” this instinct with incredible ease. And then you get addicted. You “need” to feel this validation every so often to feel good about yourself…
You begin to rely on “likes” in order to be confident.
Read More: How to Stop Giving a Fuck (and Stop Seeking Approval)
#2: Pedestalization of Women
The same way that men use social media to get validation, women do too.
This means there are hordes of women out there who are always trying to post photos that will get them the most “likes” possible.
And let's be honest here: there are a lot of extremely attractive women engaging in this behavior. It's easy to open up Instagram and waste an hour of your time staring at hot fitness chicks who turn you on.
After you browse through a certain amount of these images, something interesting happens: You begin to place attractive women on a “pedestal”.
It's shockingly similar to the negative effects of porn addiction. They're not naked – and they're not having sex – but you're still browsing through hundreds of carefully curated and meticulously edited photos.
Rather than seeing women as real humans to interact with, you begin to see them as pixels on a screen… for your viewing pleasure only… but never to actually talk to or date.
No, because you don't feel “good enough” for them now.
Read More: Porn Addiction Side Effects and How to Quit Porn
#3: Pedestalization of Other Men
Do you follow your favorite athletes, movie stars, or entrepreneurs on social media?
Whether it's Dan Blizerian playing poker with a bunch of naked chicks – or Tai Lopez talking about their new Lamborghini – these images can have a deep impact on your self-esteem.
When you see extremely successful men, you can't help but compare yourself.
All the six-pack abs, bikini babes, and private jets can fuck with your head. They can make you feel like a complete and utter failure. And they can make you feel angry or jealous towards these men.
This can cripple your confidence faster than you realize.
You start to paint a picture in your head of what you “need” in order to be successful: If you don't have a private jet… if you don't have 3 smoking hot girls on each arm… if you don't have a shredded body… then you aren't “enough”.
This is all bullshit, of course. But social media can trick you into believing it.
Read More: How to Get Respect (5 Steps to Become a True Leader)
#4: Presence-Killer
*open phone*check Facebook*check Instagram*check Snapchat*close phone*
Does that sound familiar?
When you're bored, or nervous, checking your phone gives you something to do.
But if you're constantly browsing through photos, sending messages, or thinking about what to post next, you can never truly be engaged with what you're doing.
Your mind will always be wandering. You'll never be able to hang out with friends, watch a movie, or go on a date without stressing about checking your phone…
And this will prevent you from being a confident, grounded man.
Confidence comes with an absence of conscious thought. Confidence comes when you engage fully with what you're doing and act without thinking or second-guessing yourself.
But, if you're addicted to social media, then it will be nearly impossible to achieve a fully confident, present state of mind. You will always have that “urge” to see the latest updates.
Read More: How to Build Confidence Through Meditation
#5: Motivation-Robber
Answer me this: What's the first thing you do when you wake up?
Be honest bro… do you open your phone and check Facebook? Or do you have a morning routine to keep yourself focused and motivated?
Most guys start on the wrong foot. Most guys get caught in the newsfeed scroll from the moment they open their eyes.
Your first few moments of the day dictate your energy levels and productivity for the rest of the day. If you start with a cold shower, some meditation, and reviewing your main tasks for the day, you'll be well on your way to crushing it and taking massive action…
But if you start by spending 20 minutes in bed, staring at your phone? You're already doomed. You're going to feel exhausted just getting out of bed and walking to the bathroom.
Laziness breeds more laziness. And action breeds more action.
Getting in the habit of constantly checking your social media updates can only breed laziness. And this can only distract you from getting shit done and achieving your goals.
Read More: A Simple Morning Routine for Success and Motivation
How to Take Back Your Self-Confidence
Look – I'm not telling you to delete your all your social media accounts…
As I said, they are a central part of our culture. And there are many benefits to using them to network with other people.
However, you must be aware of their potential downside. You must be aware of their ability to cripple your self-confidence. That's why I wanted to conclude this article with some concrete steps you can take to overcome the negative side effects of social media:
Try and catch yourself mindlessly scrolling through your newsfeed or browsing photos
When you catch yourself, don't beat yourself up, just move on and do something else
Choose 2 specific times per day to log on and scroll through your newsfeed
Don't look at social media outside of these times
Disable push notifications on your phone (this will help A LOT)
These steps will help prevent you from becoming addicted to validation, putting other people on a pedestal, and ruining your ability to stay focused and present.
This way, you can maintain your social media activity and enjoy the benefits, without sacrificing your self-esteem in the process.
And if you are going to use social media, at least make sure you're following me on Facebook and Instagram 🙂
The House of Representatives on Friday took a small step toward accepting medical use of marijuana when a bipartisan vote approved an amendment that would stop federal enforcement of laws forbidding the drug's therapeutic use in states where it's currently legal.
The amendment, championed by California members of congress Dana Rohrabacher, a Republican, and Democrat Sam Farr, passed by a 219-189 margin. Those voting yes included 170 Democrats and 49 Republicans. To become law, it would have to survive the Senate and then get President Barack Obama's signature.
Despite the bipartisan nature of the amendment, there were those strongly opposed to its passage, in particular Republicans John Fleming of Louisiana and Andy Harris of Maryland, who is a doctor. “This would be like me as a physician saying, ‘I think you need penicillin. Go chew on some mold,'” Harris said, according to Buzzfeed. In response to a proposed amendment from Fleming, Rep. Steve Cohen (D-Tennessee) said, “We saw ‘reefer madness' in the '30s, and it has come back to Congress here 80-some-odd years later. Marijuana does not make people commit crime. It makes them overeat.”
The vote is seen as a defeat for Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) chief Michele Leonhart. “DEA Administrator Leonhart is virtually the only person left who still zealously supports the failed war on drugs,” Drug Policy Alliance Director of National Affairs Bill Piper said in a press release. “These votes are their wake-up call. It is time for them to go.”
Farr said the vote shows Congress is ready to get in step with the majority of states that have approved some uses for marijuana. “But while momentum is on our side, there is still work to be done to get this bill out of the Senate. In the meantime, the federal government can continue to prosecute medical marijuana patients. This is more than just a waste of taxpayer dollars; it needlessly destroys lives and tears families apart. The majority of states and now the House of Representatives have clearly stated this absurd policy needs to stop. I look forward to working with my colleagues in the Senate to pass this amendment and remove the burden weighing down on so many patients in our country.”
As the amendment is written, it would apply only to 32 states and the District of Columbia, which are listed in the bill, that currently allow use of medical marijuana or are about to approve its use. So if another state were to legalize medical pot, it wouldn't be included.
-Steve Straehley
To Learn More:
Inside the U.S. House's Historic Vote on Medical Marijuana (by April M. Short, AlterNet)
The House Just Voted To Protect Medical Marijuana Patients From Federal Interference (by German Lopez, Vox)
The House Just Voted To Rein In Crackdowns On Medical Marijuana (by Nicole Flatow, Think Progress)
House Votes To End DEA Raids On Legal Medical Marijuana Operations (by Jacob Fischler, Buzzfeed)
Obama Intensifies War against Marijuana . . . The Matthew Davies Case (by Noel Brinkerhoff and Ken Broder, AllGov)
According to numerous fan reports, Drake has been performing “All Me” at various Would You Like A Tour? shows, energetically rapping Big Sean's verse verbatim with help from sold-out crowds.
That changed last night, as attendees of WYLAT's Detroit concert got an early Christmas gift from Drizzy, who surprised fans by bringing out special guest Big Sean to perform their punchline-heavy finale on the hit record.
After the duo delivered a memorable moment, the Toronto-based artist acknowledged the G.O.O.D. Music MC as the “King Of Detroit,” and their throne was evident as their hometown crowd at the Palace of Auburn Hills agreed with an announcement-interrupting round of applause.
Big Sean then went on to recognize Drake as "one of the realest in the industry" and thanked them for their role as an idol and mentor in their career, claiming the Nothing Was The Same rapper is “as influential as Kanye West” to him. They also confirmed Drake would be not only a contributor but also “a huge part” of their next album.
With a catchy chart-topping anthem like “All Me” on their resume, these two stars should bring something worth the wait on Sean's upcoming project.— Christian Bonoan
At the Republican National Convention in July, Stephen Bannon praised their former website to a reporter, declaring, "We're the platform for the alt-right." But on Tuesday, President-elect Donald Trump told the New York Times that Bannon, their pick for chief White House strategist, isn't part of that white supremacy movement.
"If I thought they were a racist or alt-right or any of the things, the terms we could use," Trump said, "I wouldn't even think about hiring him."
The conversation came days after Richard Spencer, the man who coined the term "alt-right," and their supporters, some employing the Nazi salute, gathered in the nation's capital, just blocks from Trump's future residence. The loosely organized group, launched with a blog about six years ago, aims to create a white ethno state that would outlaw minorities -- and force women into domestic roles.
While the group is typically defined by its racist views, sexism also is central to its ideology. In their world, men would rule, Spencer told The Washington Post, and women would serve as their homemakers.
The alt-right received little attention until Trump thrust Bannon into power. Spencer estimates just a fifth of their supporters are women, though the number visible in the audience as they spoke at the group's D.C. conference appeared far smaller. They're drawn to the lot, they told Rolling Stone last month, to find mates with "alpha genes" and "alpha sperm."
Alt-right blogger Matt Forney argued that, in the movement, women "are sideshows, not the main act."
"Trying to 'appeal' to women is an exercise in pointlessness," Forney wrote . "The alt-right's focus should be on recruiting young men, the fuel of revolution. Once the tide begins to turn, women will flock. ... Don't get me wrong: it's not that women should be unwelcome, it's that they're unimportant."
Cas Mudde, a Dutch political scientist who studies political extremism, said nationalist groups worldwide tend to harbor old-school sexist views, largely because they believe a woman's top priority should be creating and raising more of them. But the idea that women are morally and intellectually inferior to men, a common theme on alt-right blogs, stems from fear, they said.
"It's a sexist interpretation of xenophobia," Mudde said. "It's the same view they have of immigrants and minorities, that they're threatening their way of life. A life where men are dominant. A life where they have privilege in virtually every domain."
During the first presidential debate this year, Spencer tweeted, "Women should never be allowed to make foreign policy. It's not that they're 'weak.' To the contrary, their vindictiveness knows no bounds."
They told reporters this week that Trump's proposed Muslim ban and border wall energized the alt-right. The group also revels in the president-elect's rejection of "political correctness." They can say things like "grab them by the p----y," for example, and still reach America's highest office.
Trump was asked about the alt-right by the New York Times. "It's not a group I want to energize," they said. "And if they are energized I want to look into it and find out why."
They continue to defend Bannon, whose rise has sparked outrage from both Democrats and Republicans. Critics point to court records in which Bannon's ex-wife reported that they struck them and, at another time, told them their kids would not attend school "with Jews."
Bannon, the former chairperson of Breitbart, a right-wing news outlet, presided over the website as it published such headlines as "Birth Control Makes Women Unattractive and Crazy," "Hoist It High and Proud: A Confederate Flag Proclaims a Glorious Heritage" and " Would You Rather Your Child Have Feminism or Cancer?"
Comparing feminism to cancer, of course, is the kind of content designed to generate lucrative hate-clicks. The alt-right's mockery of female advancement, however, is nothing new. Neither is the group's apparent discomfort with it.
"Women seem an expanding, aggressive force, seizing new domains like a conquering army," the Harvard historian Arthur Schlesinger Jr. wrote in a 1958 essay for Esquire, "while men, more and more on the defensive, are hardly able to hold their own and gratefully accept assignments from their new rulers."
They were talking about wives trickling into the workforce and husbands questioning their roles.
Schlesinger Jr.'s thesis was hyperbolic. Though women were gaining power, men weren't losing theirs. Male leaders at the time dominated the upper ranks of business, politics and academia. In fact, they still do.
Paquette is a Washington Post reporter covering the intersection of people and policy. She's from Indianapolis and previously worked for the Tampa Bay Times.
Watch the latest video at video.foxnews.com
House Oversight Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz said on Fox News tonight he'll be sending a letter to DOJ inspector general Michael Horowitz about the mishandling of classified information surrounding the Michael Flynn scandal and resignation.
They told Martha MacCallum it's important to find out how classified information is “migrating out into a non-classified setting,” especially “how does that information end up in the news media.”
Chaffetz pointed out that they also want to look into the security situation at Mar-a-Lago due to issues surrounding the nature of certain sensitive information in that public space.
They said the standard is the same no matter who it is, saying people just can't hand information out “like candy and favors to those in the news media.”
Watch above, via Fox News.
[image via screengrab]
— —
Follow Josh Feldman on Twitter: @feldmaniac
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
Recently, the Director-General of the World Health Organization seemed to see the good side of Communist oppression:
GENEVA (Reuters) – North Korea's health system would be the envy of many developing countries because of the abundance of medical staff that it has available, the head of the World Health Organization said on Friday.
WHO Director-General Margaret Chan, speaking a day after returning from a 2-1/2 day visit to the reclusive country, said malnutrition was a problem in North Korea but they had not seen any obvious signs of it in the capital Pyongyang.
North Korea — which does not allow its citizens to leave the country — has no shortage of doctors and nurses, in contrast to other developing countries where skilled healthcare workers often emigrate, they said.
This allows North Korea to provide comprehensive healthcare, with one “household doctor” looking after every 130 families, said the head of the United Nations health agency, praising North Korea's immunization coverage and mother and child care.
“They have something which most other developing countries would envy,” Chan told a news conference, noting that their visit was a rare sign of the communist state's willingness to cooperate with outside agencies.
(…)
Chan spent most of their brief visit in Pyongyang, and they said that from what they had seen there most people had the same height and weight as Asians in other countries, while there were no signs of the obesity emerging in some parts of Asia.
It's Time the Change the Budget Channel by policyfix
By Lynne Fernandez and Christina Maes Nino
The City of Winnipeg has released its proposed operational and capital budgets for 2014. As in previous years, it is hard to see the vision in this budget or the direction it is taking. Many believe there is no long-term plan guiding political decisions, but one theme does persist: business taxes (and hence scarce revenues) are lowered at the same time as expenditures needed for the sound management of the City are cut. In this budget, already scarce City of Winnipeg workers are forced to take days off without pay. Looking behind the numbers we can see that the budget is designed to continue the City on the path of increasing inequity between residents and neighbourhoods, supporting developers even when what they do is unsustainable, and excluding citizens from participation in decision-making. We've seen this movie before.
The inequity in this budget started with the design of the consultation process and can be seen throughout the capital and operating spending decisions. Most of the participants (1,040) in the so-called consultations participated in online questionnaires and simulations. In the phone survey with 600 respondents, 80% earned over $40,000 a year. According to the most recent National Household Survey, only 57% of Winnipeg households earn over $40,000 per year. Additionally, Councillors had to fight to have a public workshop held in the inner-city, and inner-city Councillors are almost completely (with the exception of Mike Pagtakhan) unrepresented on the Executive Policy Committee.
The community consultations, which were organized hastily, seemingly as an afterthought, had dismal attendance (34 people attended 6 consultations). The fact that the City contracted out this consultation rather than having Councillors interact with the public and debate the direction of the budget shows how closed the process really was.
The authors went to a consultation in St. Vital; there were a grand total of 4 citizens, counting us, wandering around a gymnasium with consultants eagerly waiting to talk to us. After absorbing the barrage of numbers, charts and graphs on display around the gym, we sat down to talk to one of the consultants. We had already begun to suspect that the information was being presented in such a way as to defend the status quo; the questionnaire we responded to confirmed that.
Questions were designed to solicit only the most superficial of responses, with no invitation to delve into issues like poverty, climate change, urban sprawl, democratic representation or transparency. There was only one clear message: there isn't enough revenue to please everyone, so get over it and learn to live with less. Like the actual budget, there was no room for new ideas; no discussion as to how to change course; no vision.
Trying to inspire community groups and average residents to get involved in discussions about the municipal budget, with the message “the City has no money,” can be an exercise in futility. The MNP phone survey revealed that respondents most valued the small size of Winnipeg, the nearness of amenities, community life, culture, events, and entertainment. However, because participants had to choose only one spending priority, the report goes on to state that “developing and maintaining the infrastructure, particularly the repair of roads and streets, was identified as a high priority in all components of consultation.” What then are we to do about culture, community life, amenities? What about the priorities of low income Winnipeggers, whose voices were not captured?
Although poverty, concentrated in the Inner City, is arguably Winnipeg's greatest challenge, the budget focusses spending on the priorities of higher income and suburban residents, especially those in the South of Winnipeg. For example, about $14m of capital funding is going to Assiniboine Park this year (in addition to a $17m loan guarantee) while $1m goes to Kildonan Park. In Waverly West, $11m is committed over six years for a new library, pool and recreation facility while community groups in the West End had to spend months organizing and meeting with Civic Officials to get any sort of commitment on repairs for Sherbrook Pool (hopefully the most recent promise from the Mayor will definitively settle this issue). Transit development focuses almost exclusively on rapid transit for the south part of the City, while we remain one of the only cities in Canada without a UPass program for students, and service in the North End does not meet the needs of residents there.
The capital budget shows that our Mayor and Executive Policy Committee are willing to exchange long-term sustainability for short-term support from large developers. Winnipeg's climate and geography makes it one of the most expensive cities in which to maintain roads, but we are spending millions of dollars expanding regional infrastructure for new development. This direction becomes even more apparent when we consider the operating budget, where small cuts to the already tiny neighbourhood revitalization, economic development, and heritage conservation budgets will further reduce the ability of our miniscule planning department to support improvements downtown and in the Inner City. Without staff or funds to support neighbourhood revitalization, the City becomes ever more dependent on developers coming up with their own plans for the City, plans which are often at odds with the way Winnipeggers want to see their city developed.
Despite the poor showing for the public consultations, there is an appetite in Winnipeg to discuss the big issues affecting our city, to contemplate collectively the overall direction that our city will go. Though the current budget is being described as focusing on priorities of Winnipeggers, the priorities of the majority continue to be ignored.
The Canadian Centre for Policy Alternatives will change the budget channel in the spring of 2014. In true partnership with a variety of community groups, it is putting together a 2015 Alternative Municipal Budget which will be released in the spring. This budget will link together community values, vision, and spending and revenue generation to show candidates in the next municipal election that budgets can be based on increasing equity, sustainable spending decisions, and that it is possible to involve Winnipeggers in meaningful ways.
Christina Maes Nino is a policy and program analyst at the Social Planning Council of Winnipeg and Lynne Fernandez holds the Errol Black Chair in Labour Issues at the Canadian Centre for Policy Alternatives
SAN BERNARDINO >> The significance of the two transportation projects that broke ground Tuesday was reflected in the dignitaries from regional, state and federal agencies who came to celebrate — and by the absence of the color guard that was meant to be there.
They got caught in traffic. The flag itself arrived on time by taking public transportation.
Freeways are growing increasingly congested and difficult, said Mayor Pat Morris, who slipped in frequent jokes and anecdotes as master of ceremonies. And the field where they stood — a century ago a railroad maintenance and repair yard, Tuesday decorated with buses and vehicles form the various mass transit modes that will intersect at the transit center there once construction is complete — showed the path forward.
“(It's) visual testimony that the economic engine of this city and this region was once the rail industry,” Morris said. “…Our presence here is testimony that our future and our economy's future is tied to transportation.”
The beginning of construction on two different projects was marked in one ceremony Tuesday: the intermodal transit center and a one-mile extension of the Metrolink line from the Santa Fe Depot to that center.
Together, the projects are intended to allow someone to easily transfer among the different services that will meet there — 13 local Omnitrans buses, the sbX Bus Rapid Transit service, Victor Valley Transit Authority buses, Mountain Area Rapid Transit Authority buses and Metrolink trains — and easily travel without needing a car.
That, in turn, is expected to facilitate transit-oriented development.
The $128 million projects came about through a partnership including the Federal Transit Administration, San Bernardino Associated Governments (SanBAG), Omnitrans, Metrolink and the city of San Bernardino, and representatives of many of those agencies spoke about how they expected the project to help the region and the city.
And in what Morris pointed to as another example of people coming together for progress, all seven City Council members as well as the city attorney attended. Mayor-elect Carey Davis was in Los Angeles for a mediation session as part of the city's bankruptcy process.
Supervisor James Ramos said the project, as well as the coming extension of Metrolink to the University of Redlands, would be a boon for the region.
“This is truly a historic day,” they said. “It marks the beginning of a new era.”
Other attendees didn't make their way to the dais but brought attention to some of what is being lost as a result of coming construction.
That includes the building where Allgood Shower Door operated for about the last 40 years and that was built in the 1910s, said Bruce Hefftner, co-owner of the company.
“I don't want to be negative — I still think it's a good project,” Hefftner said, who wasn't sure what the longterm effect will be but did see a decline in business after moving to Waterman Avenue south of Mill. “We'll survive. It's partly too bad though.”
Howard Garns (March 2, 1905 – October 6, 1989) was an American architect who gained fame only after their death as the creator of Number Place, the number puzzle that became a worldwide phenomenon under the name Sudoku.[1]
Invention of Number Place [ edit ]
Garns's colleagues at the Daggett architecture firm in Indianapolis recall the designer working on the game on one of the company's drawing boards. George Wiley, a draftsman for the firm between 1957 and 1967, told Indianapolis Monthly: "We had two extra drawing boards and one day Howard was sitting over there. I walked over and asked what they were working on and they said, 'Oh, a game'. It looked like a crossword puzzle but it had numbers. It had little squares. I walked around on their side and they covered it up. It was a secret."
Robert Hindman, another draftsman at the firm, corroborated the story. "I saw sketches and I thought it was a crossword puzzle, but I wasn't really interested in it," they said. "But it was their thing. They just loved doing it."
Dell Pencil Puzzles and Word Games, which first published Number Place in May 1979, did not publish Garns's byline on the puzzle. However, Will Shortz, a crossword compiler for The New York Times, discovered that Garns's name appeared in the list of contributors at the front of the magazine whenever Number Place appeared, and was absent from all other editions.
Garns was alive when Number Place, renamed Su Doku, became popular in Japan in the mid-1980s, but died before it became an international phenomenon in November 2004, when it was printed by The Times of London.
Personal life [ edit ]
Garns was born in Connersville, Indiana, and by their teens had moved to Indianapolis with their father, W. H. Garns, an architect. They attended Indianapolis Technical High School and graduated in 1922. They entered the University of Illinois, and received a Bachelor of Science in architectural engineering in 1926. They worked for their father's firm until the Second World War, when they became a captain in the US Army Corps of Engineers. They joined the Daggett architecture firm after the war.
According to friends, they always looked sharp in bespoke suits and sported a thin moustache.[who?]
They died of cancer on October 6, 1989, and was buried in Crown Hill Cemetery, Indianapolis.
Notes [ edit ]
Nvidia released a couple of top-of-the-line GPUs last year for gaming PCs, which were touted as being very powerful and came with very reasonable price tags. However, the GPUs in question (the GTX 970 and GTX 980) quickly were the targets of controversy due to some false advertising in their marketing, leading to some legal action.
The false advertising took place with the GTX 970, where the initially reported 4GB of VRAM ended up not being what the GPU had, technically. The card was actually split into 3.5GB and 0.5GB, and while they claimed this would not impact performance, some users claimed the opposite. There was also a controversy regarding the 970 having a smaller L2 cache, along with less render output processors.
All of this to say that Nividia ended up on the wrong end of a class action lawsuit for false advertising, which they have apparently settled. Despite not having to accept any liability, they will have to pay $30 to each person who purchased the GTX 970. The buyers will have to furnish valid proof of their purchase by December 21st, with more information coming soon.
However, the court still has to approve of the settlement on August 24th, but assuming everything goes according to plan, owners of the GTX 970 will find themselves $30 richer.
New Releases are coming to the Caduceus Tasting Room in Jerome on Feb. 9!
*
Merkin Vineyards, Old Town Scottsdale
Please follow us on your favorite social media platform for updates.
Read the AZCentral article here
*
Puscifer Queen B Sparkling Cans
Puscifer Queen B cans are now available at the Four Eight Wine Bar / Puscifer Store and Merkin Vineyards Tasting Room and Osteria.
Queen B – Sparkling Malvasia
Queen B – Sparkling Rosé
Queen B – Sparkling Hard Cider
*
Oklahoma!
We are now accepting orders and VSC signups from OK.
*
MAGNUMS
Check out the NEW ‘Magnums' sections in the shop for extremely rare and limited 1.5L Magnums!!
*
ATTN VSC MEMBERS!
Take a peek inside the ‘VSC Members Only' Section for a few extra special offerings!
Image copyright PA Image caption The report suggests the financial collapse of Rangers has encouraged other clubs to be cautious
Most Scottish football clubs have brought their finances under control, according to a report from accountants Begbies Traynor.
In their regular monitor of financial distress in football, they suggested lessons have been learned from Rangers' collapse.
It found only one club in Scotland's top three divisions was showing signs of financial distress.
Two years ago, the accountants found four clubs out of 32 in this position.
Clubs have been wisely cutting their cloth... and have largely avoided splashing out on players in the last two or three transfer windows Ken Pattullo, Begbies Traynor
Ken Pattullo, a partner with the accountancy firm and an expert in business recovery from crisis, said their survey showed a dramatic improvement in financial health.
Mr Pattullo commented: "The Rangers saga has dominated the headlines for years and recent loans from Mike Ashley's Sports Direct have kept the club on the front pages again. But Rangers isn't technically the most financially stressed club in Scotland, as a result of the recent cash injection.
"Overall an increased wariness among the other big clubs to spend heavily on transfers for fear of being the next big failure, and general good business planning in the boardrooms, has stabilised what was a really dangerous situation for the sport in Scotland."
They added: "With a lack of money in the Scottish game, due largely to Rangers' enforced exit from the Scottish Premier League, and the ensuing dearth of TV money, clubs have been wisely cutting their cloth accordingly and have largely avoided splashing out on players in the last two or three transfer windows."
Measures of distress include large debts, winding up petitions, high court writs and serious court actions against clubs and warnings over late filing of accounts.
The report points out that average attendances across the Scottish Premier, Championship and Leagues One and Two are down by 5% since the previous Football Distress Report, a fall that is due in part to the recent boycott of Rangers games by disgruntled supporters.
An expansion of the Portland region's urban growth boundary won a required approval Thursday from the state's land-use commission.
The Land Conservation and Development Commission unanimously agreed to allow more than 1900 acres to come inside the Portland area's growth boundary. That's the line separating where Oregon cities can grow, and where farms and forests should be.
The state commission's staff said earlier this spring that recent court decisions required more information to back up Metro's expansion. Metro disagreed. The regional government was already testing new legal limits. Metro's expansion used a new long-term map of rural and urban reserves, based on a change in state law.
Metro Council president Tom Hughes says that reserves process influenced the commissioners. Here's their summary of their thinking.
“This is a new process, there are some new wrinkles to it. We think by and large they've made the right decision, and we're not going to hold this up on the basis of some technicalities.”
But Hughes says legal challenges could keep the boundary expansion in doubt for some time.
Mid-August generally doesn't bring a lot of hockey news, as the Entry Draft and the Free Agent Frenzy have both come and gone, and training camps are still weeks away. Amid this lack of news, NHL Network Analyst Brian Lawton sent out an intriguing tweet about the Bruins and their current restricted free agent David Pastrnak.
With what I am hearing I would not be surprised if David Pasternak @NHLBruins is traded. #contractproblems@NHLNetwork
— Brian Lawton (@brianlawton9) August 14, 2017
Now Pastrnak is a great player, scoring 34 goals and 70 points at age 21, and the Bruins would be foolish to trade a player of their ilk for anything less than a king's ransom. Now Joe Haggerty of CSNNE.com, a Boston sports news site, doesn't believe the Bruins are trading Pastrnak, and this is just a negotiation tactic. Now I don't believe Lawton nor Haggerty are making stuff up, but given the Bruins history with young, talented players and their affinity for trading them away (see: Phil Kessel, Tyler Seguin, and Dougie Hamilton), it wouldn't be the craziest thing in the world to see Pastrnak traded. But all of that aside, just how talented is David Pastrnak; is they as good as their 70 points in 75 games this season suggest, or is they closer to their 53 points in 97 games in their 2 years prior? Are they a product of their linemates, or is do they help drive their line? Let's find out.
Part 1: Stats
In their career, David Pasternak has scored 59 goals and 123 points in 172 games, and is still only 21. At 18, they split time between the AHL and the NHL, scoring 11 goals and 28 points in 25 AHL games, and 10 goals and 27 points in 46 NHL games. They took a step back in their second NHL season, scoring 15 goals and only 26 points in 51 games, before their breakout year this season where they scored 34 goals and 36 assists for 70 points in 75 games, good for 18th in the league in points. These are some impressive numbers for a player at such a young age, but let's examine the numbers more closely.
Age
GP
G
A
P
SOG
S%
ATOI
CF%
oZS%
P/60
SOG/60
18
46
10
17
27
93
10.8
13:58
55.7
69.6
2.52
8.7
19
51
15
11
26
108
13.9
13:57
51.9
51.3
2.19
9.1
20
75
34
36
70
262
13.0
17:59
57.8
57.7
3.12
11.7
172
59
64
123
463
12.7
15:43
55.6
58.5
2.73
10.3
Year 2014/2015 2015/2016 2016/2017 Career
There are a few things that stand out here:
Pastrnak started almost 70% of their shifts in the offensive zone in their rookie year, once that number went down to 51% in their sophomore season, their production dropped as well. Last year, their oZS% went back up to nearly 58%, and, unsurprisingly, their production increased as well. Their shooting percentage actually dropped from Year 2 to Year 3, which suggests it wasn't an inflated shooting percentage for Pastrnak's increased goal total. If you took the 1349 minutes Pastrnak played this season and dropped their P/60 down to their career average of 2.73, they would still have had 61 points, which is still impressive production, and again suggests that their production this year wasn't too much of an aberration. Their SOG/60 have increased each year, but noticeably so this past year, so there's potential for some regression there, as SOG/60 stats tend to stay around the same over the course of a player's career.
Overall, Pastrnak's increased production is likely not a fluke, their shooting percentage and P/60 were around their career norms, and while their SOG/60 were a little higher than normal, it wasn't absurdly high. So, could David Pastrnak really be this good? Are they a consistent 30-goal/70-point guy, or is there another factor?
Part 2: Linemates
David Pastrnak had some elite linemates this past season, spending the majority of the season on the wing of the Patrice Bergeron/Brad Marchand duo, one of the best duos in the NHL. Both are possession monsters, with Marchand owning a career CF% of 57.3 and Bergeron a career 57.7%. Compare that to Pastrnak's most common linemates in their first 2 years in the league:
2014/2015: Milan Lucic (Career 54.1 CF%) and Ryan Spooner (Career 51.0 CF%)
2015/2016: Loui Eriksson (Career 51.7 CF%) and David Krejci (Career 53.1 CF%)
It's clear that as good as those other players are, Marchand and Bergeron are a cut above the rest. However, the thing to note is that both Marchand and Bergeron had career years in terms of CF%, with Marchand clocking in at 60.7%, and Bergeron at 61.8, which are both insanely good. But was it Pastrnak elevating them to new heights, or was they a passenger? To figure that out we will check the WOWYs to see.
TOI
CF%
535.62
62.80
492.43
51.50
417.10
57.20
——–
——-
589.22
62.30
449.60
51.40
419.20
56.00
Players Pastrnak w Bergeron Pastrnak w/o Bergeron Bergeron w/o Pastrnak ——————————– Pastrnak w Marchand Pastrnak w/o Marchand Marchand w/o Pastrnak
This table demonstrates that, in terms of CF%, both Marchand and Bergeron were better with Pastrnak than without, but Pastrnak was much worse without them compared to with them. This suggests that while Pastrnak was definitely boosted by playing with Bergeron and Marchand, they were able to help them rather than hinder them as well.
Part 3: Conclusion
Some players have career years that they never repeat due to inflated percentages or are carried due to extremely talented linemates, and while David Pastrnak did have a career year, they are not a one-hit-wonder. They aren't shooting at a ridiculous percentage this year, their P/60 and SOG/60 were not much higher than their career averages, and their possession numbers have been consistently great. Although they did have the extremely talented linemates in Patrice Bergeron and Brad Marchand, they were able to swim, not sink, and keep up with them, helping them both reach career highs in CF%. Do I think David Pastrnak is as good as their Top 20 in points league-wide finish this year? No, but while they may have been slightly carried by their linemates, he's still a ridiculously talented player in their own right, and they should continue to tear up the league for years to come. If the Bruins are indeed shopping him, it would be a big mistake to trade him, as this year was much more indicative of the true skill of David Pastrnak, rather than their lower scoring previous 2 seasons.
All advanced stats via hockey-reference and PuckIQ
Advertisements
This Sunday's episode of “Game of Thrones” has been stolen and posted on the internet — but the leak isn't related to the massive hack of HBO's systems disclosed earlier this week.
Links to the fourth episode of “Game of Thrones” season 7, set to premiere Aug. 6 on HBO, appeared on a discussion board on Reddit, as first reported by the Verge. The pirated copy of the episode, titled “The Spoils of War,” was available via Google Drive, according to the report.
Shortly after the link to the “Game of Thrones” episode was posted on Reddit at 8:12 AM ET Friday, the post was updated with this message. “The file has been taken down for violating GoogleDrive's [terms of service]. You can no longer view it.” However, according to reports, the episode has since begun circulating on torrent-based file-sharing piracy sites including the Pirate Bay.
It's not the first time “Game of Thrones” — believed to be the most-pirated TV show of all time — has been hit with pre-release piracy. In 2015 the first four episodes of season five landed on piracy networks, after being copied from review screeners, nearly a full day before the season premiere. During last year's season six run, an episode leaked ahead of its premiere date after it was accidently made available on HBO Nordic.
Related HBO Hackers Threaten to Leak Additional Data This Coming Sunday
But the leak came from pay-TV distribution partner Star India, a subsidiary of 21st Century Fox, whose logo appears as a watermark in the pirated copy with the text “for internal viewing only,” the Verge reported.
“We take this breach very seriously and have immediately initiated forensic investigations at our and the technology partner's end to swiftly determine the cause,” a rep for Star India said in a statement. “This is a grave issue and we are taking appropriate legal remedial action.” Mumbai-based Star India operates more than 40 channels in eight different languages.
HBO did not respond to a request for comment.
The Verge said it was able to verify the authenticity of the leaked “Game of Thrones” episode and said it was in a low-quality format; Variety has not independently confirmed that.
The leak comes after HBO confirmed Monday that hackers breached the premium cabler's networks, reportedly stealing 1.5 terabytes of documents and files. The cybercriminals released the script for the Aug. 6 “Game of Thrones” episode, along with episodes of “Ballers,” “Insecure,” “Room 104” and with two episodes of “Barry,” the comedy starring Bill Hader set to debut in 2018 on the network.
A security company hired by HBO to scrub search results for the hacked files from search engines told Google in a takedown notice Tuesday that the hackers stole “thousands of Home Box Office (HBO) internal company documents.”
In a memo to staffers Wednesday, HBO chief Richard Plepler said the hackers did not compromise the programmer's e-mail system “as a whole” but added that “the forensic review is ongoing.”
Pictured above: Nathalie Emmanuel as Missandei (left) and Emilia Clarke as Daenerys Targaryen in “Game of Thrones” season seven, episode four, titled “The Spoils of War.”
Twin Suns May Spell Disaster
The image of double suns rising over the planet Tatooine from the first Star Wars movie never quite goes away. I remember watching the film in a theater about a week after its release, being dazzled by the visuals but thinking that a planet in an orbit around both stars of a binary would have to be well outside the habitable zone. I didn't believe in Tatooine, in other words, though now I'm a bit more circumspect. A couple of years ago Cheongho Han (Chungbuk National University, Korea) wrote a paper suggesting that microlensing might be of use in finding a planet fitting this description, if indeed such a planet exists.
Then yesterday Massimo Marengo dropped me a note about new work they have been involved in that puts a damper on the idea of terrestrial worlds in such settings. Long-time Centauri Dreams readers will remember Marengo, whose fascinating work on Epsilon Eridani we've covered in these pages on several previous occasions. Now at Iowa State University, the astrophysicist has been studying tight double-star systems, using data harvested from the Spitzer Space Telescope.
Working with principal investigator Jeremy Drake (Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics), Marengo and team are learning that the problem with tight binaries is the chance for planetary collisions. We're talking about a class of binaries called RS Canum Venaticorums (RS CVns) that are separated by something on the order of 3.2 million kilometers, roughly two percent of the distance between the Earth and the Sun. That produces orbits of just a few days and tidal lock, with each star presenting the same face to the other.
Image: This artist's concept illustrates a tight pair of stars and a surrounding disk of dust — most likely the shattered remains of planetary smashups. Using NASA's Spitzer Space Telescope, the scientists found dusty evidence for such collisions around three sets of stellar twins (a class of stars called RS Canum Venaticorum's or RS CVns for short). Credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech.
Imagine two stars similar to the Sun in size and about as old as the Sun when life first evolved on the Earth. They're possessed of strong magnetic fields and giant spots, the result of their fast spin, and the magnetic fields, in turn, drive powerful stellar winds that slow the stars and pull them closer together over time. Now things get tricky, for the new work suggests that the gravitational influences of the stellar pair continually change as the stars approach each other, causing planets and other objects circling the stars to experience collisions.
Says Marc Kuchner (NASA GSFC):
“These kinds of systems paint a picture of the late stages in the lives of planetary systems. And it's a future that's messy and violent.”
Indeed. And the evidence from Spitzer seems tight. The instrument can see the glow of hot dusky disks around three tight binary systems matching this description. The thinking is that the dust found here would normally have dissipated from stars at this level of maturity. Something, in other words, is causing fresh dust to be created, implying a chaotic process. Planetary collisions are the most likely candidate.
Image: Spitzer's cameras, which take pictures at different infrared wavelengths, observed the signatures of dust around three close binary systems. Data for one of those systems are shown here in orange. Models for the stars and a surrounding dusty disk are shown in yellow and red, respectively. The disk reveals that some sort of chaotic event — probably a planetary collision — must have generated the dusty disk. Credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/Harvard-Smithsonian CfA.
We know that planets can exist around closely-spaced binaries — a tight eclipsing binary system called HW Virginis, for example, is known to be orbited by two gas giants. But HW Virginis c has a semi-major axis of 3.6 AU, while HW Vir b is at 5.3 AU. Both are well outside the habitable zone of the stars they orbit. In any case, this binary system involves a B-class and an M-class star, not the kind of system depicted in Tatooine or examined in the current work.
With the stars under study, we have more of a When Worlds Collide scenario than anything from Star Wars. Here's Jeremy Drake on the matter:
“This is real-life science fiction. Our data tell us that planets in these systems might not be so lucky — collisions could be common. It's theoretically possible that habitable planets could exist around these types of stars, so if there happened to be any life there, it could be doomed.”
Another exoplanet orbiting twin stars is found around the binary PSR B1620-26, but here again, we're not exactly dealing with Sun-like stars. The planet involved orbits a pulsar and a white dwarf. And back to Cheongho Han for a moment. The scientist believes that if a terrestrial world did exist in a stable orbit around two stars similar to our Sun, the only way to find it would be through microlensing. Radial velocity studies avoid short-period binaries, but the microlensing signature should be detectible. Marengo and Drake's work suggests that if such a world is found, it may be a rarity indeed.
The paper is Matranga et al., “Close Binaries with Infrared Excess: Destroyers of Worlds?” Astrophysical Journal Letters 720 (August, 2010), L164 (preprint). Cheongho Han's paper is “Microlensing Search for Planets with Two Simultaneously Rising Suns,” Astrophysical Journal Letters 676, No. 1 (20 March 2008), L53 (abstract).
News Alert: New Clinton Emails Show Classified Information Sent to Clinton Foundation Employees
June 1, 2017 - 53 seconds - "Judicial Watch released shocking new emails today from Huma Abedin's account showing that Hillary Clinton once again may not have told the truth when they said they turned over all of their emails to the State Department and investigators.
Now we also know, again, there are more classified materials in here showing that Clinton was sharing classified information with Clinton Foundation people; looks like there may be more of a pay for play scandal here. Also some unusual activity with the Russia-America Foundation, so people will be interested in that.
Plus, it looks like Chelsea Clinton got a free ride on a State Department plane to watch a soccer match in Europe. It shows why the Justice Department should reopen, reinvigorate, and reexamine all the Clinton, Inc. investigations. A lot to see here in Judicial Watch's new disclosures."
For more information, or to set up and interview with Tom, please contact Jill Farrell at 202-646-5172, or at jfarrell@judicialwatch.org or bcockerham@judicialwatch.org
### Judicial Watch, Inc.
425 3rd St Sw Ste 800
Washington, DC 20024
202.646.5172 ©2017-2019, All Rights Reserved
Manage Email Subscriptions | Unsubscribe View in browser
Last week we gave you a glimpse of two Jeep Concepts that will be heading out to 2015 Easter Jeep Safari in Moab, Utah and of course, this year's teaser photos stirred the pot in the off-road world and rightfully so since one of the images appeared to depict what can only be described as the gorgeous body lines of a Jeep FSJ Cherokee Chief. Lucky for us, Jeep has now unveiled this year's stable of seven concept vehicles that will be taking Easter Jeep Safari by storm.
This year's collection of Easter Jeep Safari concept vehicles were designed with a combination of production and prototype Jeep Performance Parts. While some are more hardcore off-road oriented, all of them are trail worthy vehicles that are sure to attack the slick rock trails with authority.
“Jeep is proud to be taking seven new eye-catching and extremely capable vehicles to the Easter Jeep Safari, where we expect to delight our most loyal enthusiasts,” said Mike Manley, President and CEO – Jeep Brand. “We go to this legendary event each year to showcase our latest Jeep production vehicles, as well as a variety of new ideas in our concept vehicles. In doing so, we receive a tremendous amount of valuable feedback, while interacting with our customers in the Jeep brand's natural environment. We're especially looking forward to this year's Jeep Safari, as Renegade makes its official public debut on Moab's demanding trails.”
Check out all seven cool Jeep Concept vehicles for the 2015 Easter Jeep Safari in Moab, Utah!
Jeep Chief
This is probably our favorite of this year's Jeep concept vehicles because, well, we have a soft spot for Jeep FSJ Cherokee Chiefs and not just from bumping our head on them while working underneath them. The Jeep Chief is a tribute to the classic 1970s era fullsize Jeep Cherokee and the graphics package really makes it seem like a trip back in time. It definitely looks like our buddy Robby's 1975 Jeep Cherokee that we featured recently. This Wrangler-based concept vehicle evokes the west coast surfer lifestyle of sun and fun with a nod to nostalgic beach rides.
Custom exterior design cues include a vintage Ocean Blue exterior color scheme with a white, French Bread roof; a custom modified razor grille that the original Wagoneer made famous; halogen headlamps; removable sides for an open-air feel and flexible hauling; chrome front and rear bumpers and classic, 17-inch slotted mag wheels for a true '70s vibe that is sure to make any off-roader feel nostalgic.
Jeep designers developed the Hawaiian themed interior complete with Jeep-designed “Surfer” pink, blue and white flowered cloth and leather-trimmed seats; vintage-style surf stickers on the center console and door handles; a Rosewood front-passenger grab handle and tiki-style shifter handle; and a Uconnect 8.4-inch touchscreen media center.
The doors and windshield were chopped two inches and the Jeep Chief sports a selection of Jeep Performance Parts that include a two-inch lift kit with Fox shocks and front and rear Dana 44 axles with lockers, cold air intake and modified Rubicon rock rails. The Chief is powered by the 3.6-liter Pentastar V-6 engine mated to a six-speed manual transmission to scoot down the trail with ease.
Jeep Staff Car
The Jeep Staff Car was built as a salute to legendary Jeep military service vehicles. The open-air Wrangler 4-door-based concept vehicle highlights rugged functionality with heritage design cues. It looks historic and authentic, but is all new and we dig it for sure. If the CJ-6 was ever put back into production, this is what that workhorse would look like.
The function over form of the original Jeep military service vehicles is evident in the Staff Car. Basic steel wheels, minimalist fender flares, “hungry horse” stretched canvas roof and bench seats all echo the original military Jeep vehicles.
Outside the Jeep Staff Car is a Sandstorm exterior color scheme that is carried throughout the vehicle including the wheels, frame and axles. The Jeep Staff Car has no B-pillar and no doors. Jeep designers incorporated military-style round headlamps, Jeep J8 front and rear bumpers, fender-mounted blackout lamp with guards and a rear-mount spare tire and vintage military gas can. The Jeep Staff Car sits on 16-inch wheels with 35-inch Firestone NDT military tires.
The minimalist interior features low-backed bench seats in the first and second row, an integrated roll cage and a painted steel floor in place of carpet. A built-in cooler draws its inspiration from an old artillery box and accommodates 85 cans.
The Jeep Staff Car is powered by the 3.6-liter Pentastar V-6 engine and is mated to a proper six-speed manual transmission. The Staff Car features a Jeep Performance Parts 2-inch lift kit with Fox shocks and front and rear Dana 44 axles.
Jeep Wrangler Africa
The Jeep Africa concept is the ultimate Jeep Wrangler for back-country and overland expeditions and features plenty of room for extra gear as well as auxiliary fuel tanks. We love the painted steel wheels and it almost makes the Jeep Wrangler Africa concept look like a modern day Willys Wagon.
The Jeep Africa Concept is based on the four-door Jeep Wrangler and sports Desert Tan exterior paint, a high-clearance steel front bumper with a winch, power step rock rails, power dome vented hood and an extended rear body and high-top roof. The Wrangler Africa is powered by a torquey 2.8-liter diesel engine that is backed by an automatic transmission. This Jeep concept also features fender-mounted auxiliary fuel cans to extend the range of this Jeep for large desert crossings. The Africa also sports 17-inch body color steel wheels with 35-inch BF Goodrich Mud Terrain tires.
The Jeep Wrangler Africa is outfitted with a two-inch lift kit with Fox shocks, sway bar links and front and rear Dana 44 axles from Jeep Performance Parts. The spare tire is underbody-mounted and the cargo area, inner roof and floor are finished in a durable spray-in truck bed coating.
Jeep Grand Cherokee Overlander
The Grand Cherokee-based Overlander concept vehicle represents the rough-and-tumble side of Grand Cherokee, a rugged and dependable vehicle customized for the enthusiast interested in overland expeditions where they travel and camp out of their vehicle.
The Jeep Grand Cherokee Overlander sports Sage Green exterior paint with a matching rooftop tent. Custom features include a one-off front fascia, integrated front winch, tow hooks, larger wheel flares, SRT taillamps and hood, off-road rock rails, front and rear skid plates and 18-inch milled wheels with BF Goodrich All-terrain T/A tires.
The Jeep Grand Cherokee gets around the trails with the 3.0-liter EcoDiesel V-6 engine that is mated to an eight-speed automatic Torqueflight transmission.
To top it off, the Grand Cherokee Overlander has a durable spray-in truck bed coating on the roof and a two-person hard-shell rooftop tent that is easily deployable when camping off the beaten path.
Jeep Renegade Desert Hawk
The newest addition to the Jeep lineup, the Jeep Renegade, is the basis for the Desert Hawk concept vehicle, and is equipped with a selection of Mopar and Jeep Performance Parts for the ultimate desert adventure.
The Desert Tan exterior features a Jeep Performance Parts body decal, a topographical hood decal that depicts the Fins and Things Moab trail, off-road rock rails and a skid plate kit. Also featured are Mopar's trailer hitch receiver and roof rack.
Inside, the Renegade Desert Hawk has been outfitted with Mopar Katzkin seat covers, body color bezel accents and Mopar all-weather floor mats.
The Renegade Desert Hawk is powered by the 2.4-liter Tigershark engine with MultiAir2 and is backed by a nine-speed automatic transmission with Jeep Active Drive Low.
Jeep Cherokee Canyon Trail
The Canyon Trail concept vehicle is developed from the Jeep Cherokee, which won our coveted 2015 Four Wheeler of the Year award. In the spirit of that award, the Canyon Trail ups the Cherokee's best-in-segment capability with Mopar and Jeep Performance Parts specifically designed for even more off-road prowess.
The Cherokee Canyon Trail's Desert Tan exterior paint is accented with a Satin Black hood that includes a topographical hood decal showcasing Hell's Revenge, a renowned off-road trail in Moab. The exterior also displays Jeep Performance Parts body decal, Satin Black roof accent colors and the 2015 "Four Wheeler of the Year" decal.
The Canyon Trail interior features Mopar Katzkin leather seat covers and accent stitching, Jeep Performance Parts embroidered logo on the headrests, body color bezel accents, a cargo tray mat, Jeep Cargo Management System, Moab Off-road bag and all-weather floor mats.
Off-road capability is turned up courtesy of Jeep Performance Parts off-road rock rails, a two-piece fuel tank skid plate, two-piece underbody skid plate, oil pan and front suspension skid plates, as well as concept 17-inch painted wheels with BF Goodrich All Terrain T/A tires, which provide an additional one-half inch of lift.
The Jeep Cherokee Canyon Trail is powered by the 2.4-liter Tigershark MultiAir2 I-4 engine mated to a nine-speed automatic transmission with Jeep Active Drive Lock, which includes low range and a locking rear differential.
Jeep Wrangler Red Rock Responder
The Red Rock Responder is a support vehicle that was purpose-built to traverse the world's harshest terrain with premium off-road equipment to respond to any vehicle emergency with spare parts and tools stored in the built-in drawers and compartments of the cargo box. Hmm... why does that sound familiar? That's right, we built a similar Jeep a few years back. The Discount Tire RESQ1 Jeep was a big behemoth rig that featured a utility box full of tools, recovery equipment and even an on-board welder and tire machine.
The Jeep Wrangler Red Rock Responder features a Vibrance Responder Red exterior paint that is topped with a Jeep Performance Parts body decal, 10th Anniversary hood with hydraulic hood props, high-top fender flares and 17-inch beadlock wheels with body color beadlock ring. One thing's for sure, the Red Rock Responder sticks out like a sore thumb on any trail. In addition, the vehicle sports LED headlamps and foglamps as well as LED A-pillar and off-road lamps.
Functional capability was increased with the addition of a set of 37-inch BF Goodrich Mud Terrain T/A KM2 tires, a 4-inch Jeep Performance Parts lift kit, Fox shocks, and front and rear Dana 60 axles with 5.38 gearing. The vehicle also sports a cold-air intake, prototype off-road rock rails as well as a tried and true Warn winch. The Red Rock Responder is also armed with Wrangler Rubicon 10th Anniversary Edition steel front and rear bumpers and high-top fenders that were previously concept parts but quickly became a production part due to popular demand.
A set of side cargo boxes hold a hi lift jack and accessories, fire extinguisher, road side accessory kit, first aid kit, Snap-on tool soft bags as well as a recovery kit. The cargo boxes also store an on-board dual air compressor with a reservoir along with an air hose and accessories, and even has enough room for a cooler or a case of water.
The interior stands out along with the exterior with embroidered black and red Mopar Katzkin leather seats, Jeep Performance Parts logo embroidered on the headrests, red accent bezels, grab handles and all-weather floor mats.
The Jeep Wrangler Red Rock Responder is also powered by the 3.6-liter Pentastar V-6 engine and is mated to an automatic transmission to move the big red beast through slick rock trails.
The job of managers is to create a robust system that delivers value to customers. A system that fails constantly (fails during the continual variation the system faces) is a failed system. Bad weather is part of the variation airlines face. Any management system has to cope with the variation that it faces. The management system must be designed and managed so that the organization successfully delivers value to customers under the conditions the organization will face.
The air travel system in the USA is a disgrace for so many reasons it is hard to catalogue them all. One, of many, is how fragile the system is; causing massive (nation-wide) customer harm multiple times a year due to weather. Weather is sometimes bad. If your organization fails when there is bad weather, fix that problem (make your system robust in the face of bad weather), because you are not going to be able to fix the weather to let your un-robust system be effective as it is.
Instead airlines only response seems to be to get their friends in government to approve anti-competitive mergers to eliminate competition and allow failed organizations to become even larger and harm even more people. Airlines should design robust systems that work in the environment they will face (which they don't do now).
Their planes don't fall out the sky when they face bad weather. The engineers behind designing planes have made them very robust. Pilots have been trained to handle variation they will face. And yes, the system has been designed with adjustments to avoid flying into conditions that are risky.
The safety of the air transportation system is very good. The management of airlines in most every other aspect is pitiful, and has been for decades.
The managers running the airlines have done amazingly bad job of creating robust organizations capable of delivering given the variation they know they will face (weather, mechanical problems, IT problems, etc.) for decades. Poor management is the cause of these failures that result in harm to customers. Weather is not the cause. Poor management, over decades, resulting in incredible fragile systems that constantly punish customers is the responsibility of the airlines. And they have done an incredibly bad job at creating a robust system to deliver value to customers.
This post was prompted by Mark Graban's post about failures at American Airlines: “instead of just saying ‘we're doing all we can,' that they actually do a little more to explain exactly what that is through a blog post or an email to customers.” While it is true that should be done, it is much too little. They need to manage the air travel system and their companies so they perform during the variation that will present.
We all know there is going to be bad weather (and increasingly more bad weather due to climate change). You can't design a system that fails to perform based on the variation they system is going to face and then blame the failure of your system on the variation. Designing a system that can't cope with the variation that will be experienced is a failure to manage.
Related: Southwest Not Delta or United – Airline Managers Disrespect Customers – United Breaks Guitars – Customers Are Often Irrational – European Blackout: Human Error-Not – CEO Flight Attendant – Trust Your Staff to Make Decisions
Staff and students will be aware that countrywide student protests were planned for December 3rd, and that such a protest occurred around and inside our Senate House building on main campus that afternoon.
As usual Warwick's security team were on hand to help facilitate what we expected would be the usual peaceful and safe demonstration. As protesters attempted to enter Senate House en masse, one of the security team was faced with an unprovoked act of violence and was injured such that we had no alternative but to ask police officers to attend the scene to investigate that incident although the subsequent protest activity had become peaceful.
The police responded quickly to investigate the alleged incident and efforts were made with the group to identify the individual. However this was not forthcoming and the police were then met by significant resistance and had to face a very challenging situation which they were obliged to respond to and resolve. The matter is now in hands of the police. The Police were not called as a result of a peaceful protest on campus, but were responding to an alleged assault on a member of staff. The University intends to co-operate fully with the police investigation.
Warwick has a decades long history of co-operation between protestors and the security team to ensure that we can facilitate peaceful and safe protests on our campus. We are sure that the vast majority of those members of our University community seeking to mount demonstrations on our campus continue to want those protests to be peaceful and safe for all and will share our hope that this unprovoked act of violence against our security team is an aberration.
We note that the students intend to mount another protest on campus tomorrow and welcome the Student Union's reference to the planned protest being peaceful.
A statement from the Vice-Chancellor can be found at:
http://www2.warwick.ac.uk/newsandevents/pressreleases/statement_from_the/
During the financial crisis and bailouts of 2008, it probably occurred to very few average people that we were entering a period of hardship for billionaires. But among the nation's economic titans, the idea of billionaire victimhood caught on immediately. And so, in the months and years that followed, the believers in true capitalism gathered in the nation's parks to make their voices heard—and to complain sorrowfully about how this nation of moochers and looters persists in making snippy remarks about the successful.
I admit that I was impressed at first by the unconflicted way in which these proud voices of the strong—these hymners of Darwinian struggle, of the freedom to fail, of competition to the death—advanced their war on the world by means of tearful weepy-woo. But then I started to get it: self-pity is central in the consciousness of the resurgent right. Depicting themselves as victimized in any and every situation is not merely a fun game of upside-down; it is essential to their self-understanding. They are the ones who produce, who make, who build—and yet also the ones to whom things are done. This is the reason they have taken as their banner a flag that reads, “Don't Tread on Me.” The first time I saw that defiant yellow standard floating over someone's suburban-baronial Versailles, I understood the grand distortion that undergirds all the rest of it: The belief that we are living in an age of rampant leftism; that progressivism is what brought the nation to its awful straits; that markets were born free but are everywhere in chains.
And so we have the works of Matthew Continetti, a journalist who specializes in profiles in victimhood: a catalogue of every nasty thing anyone has ever said about Sarah Palin that they actually entitled The Persecution of Sarah Palin; a 2011 cover story for the Weekly Standard about the persecution of the Koch brothers, two of the nation's richest men and most influential political donors, but who, it is Continetti's solemn duty to report, receive mean emails every day.
Indeed, there are few political or cultural situations in which the right doesn't instinctively reach for the mantle of the wronged, holler about bias, or protest about how unfairly they've been treated. It goes on even in the most improbable precincts. Army generals must be consoled. And former majority leaders of the House of Representatives need your sympathy.
I refer, of course, to Dick Armey who, along with their co-author Matt Kibbe, chooses to enliven the pages of their 2010 “Tea Party Manifesto,” Give Us Liberty , with a chapter that catalogues just about every insult directed against them and the Tea Party movement over the past three years.
Why must the world be persuaded to think of Dick Armey as a victim? For the same reason that Glenn Beck channels Martin Luther King, that Paul Ryan writes a magazine article entitled, “Down with Big Business,” and that conservatives generally have learned to apply the term “fascist” to their foes: because, consciously or not, all of them are following a political strategy that works in hard times.
Read Thomas Frank's discussion about this column and their book, Pity the Billionaire.
In 1993, TV writers took a risk in avoiding sex and skimpy clothing They created Dana Scully and mainstreamed women in STEM careers.
Gillian Anderson was a twenty-four year old ingenue from Chicago when they auditioned for the part of Dana Scully. Even though Anderson told the producers of the show — titled The X-Files — that they were twenty-seven in order to fit the aesthetic of the FBI agent's character, they were still the farthest thing from what they were looking for.
This was 1993. The show's producers had already selected the comely, young David Duchovny for the role of the male protagonist, Special Agent Fox Mulder, and the co-starring role of Dana Scully was meant to be a tall blonde with big boobs, who would be a sexy sidekick for Duchovny.
Given the success of hyper-sexualized shows like Baywatch and the inherently less sexy dynamics of a sci-fi drama series, X-Files producers didn't feel confident that they could succeed without a sexual touchstone in the series' main cast. Cultural interest in STEM (science, technology, engineering and mathematics) that exists in many of today's TV dramas had yet to dominate, so X-Files‘ creators really didn't know if the show would succeed.
{"div_id":"scullybadge-via-conceptualizeada.tumblr.com_.gif.e5abb","plugin_url":"https:\/\/allthatsinteresting.com\/wordpress\/wp-content\/plugins\/gif-dog","attrs":{"src":"https:\/\/allthatsinteresting.com\/wordpress\/wp-content\/uploads\/2015\/01\/scullybadge-via-conceptualizeada.tumblr.com_.gif","alt":"Scully Effect Badge","width":"500","height":"247","class":"size-full wp-image-40287"},"base_url":"https:\/\/allthatsinteresting.com\/wordpress\/wp-content\/uploads\/2015\/01\/scullybadge-via-conceptualizeada.tumblr.com_.gif","base_dir":"\/vhosts\/all-that-is-interesting\/wordpress\/\/wp-content\/uploads\/2015\/01\/scullybadge-via-conceptualizeada.tumblr.com_.gif"}
When Anderson showed up to audition, they were almost laughably the opposite of a bombshell: she's 5'3'' in shoes, had mousy hair (that would eventually be dyed red, making the character of Dana Scully one of the most famous red-heads of all time) and wasn't Pamela Anderson beautiful by any stretch of the imagination. They were dressed in a suit that was ill-fitting, one she'd borrowed from a friend, and had cheap shoes. They were the antithesis of sexy.
But something amazing happened when Anderson began to read alongside Duchovny. The immediate chemistry between the two actors completely revolutionized the character of Dana Scully, and suddenly no one in the room could see any other actor bringing them to life on the small screen. Anderson landed the part, which would make them a household name by the end of the decade.
The character of Special Agent Dana Scully, M.D. was presented in the pilot episode of X-Files as a necessary buffer for the brooding, conspiracy theorizing Mulder, whose incessant need to find “the truth” (a concept that encompassed the disappearance of their younger sister as well as a slew of government cover-ups for the existence of extraterrestrials) had begun to grind against their colleagues at the FBI. Their superior at the bureau, Assistant Director Walter Skinner, assigns Agent Scully to calm Mulder's enthusiasm with their monotone, hyper-rational verbiage.
{"div_id":"scully-eyeroll-mulder-pls.tumblr.com_.gif.63c39","plugin_url":"https:\/\/allthatsinteresting.com\/wordpress\/wp-content\/plugins\/gif-dog","attrs":{"src":"https:\/\/allthatsinteresting.com\/wordpress\/wp-content\/uploads\/2015\/01\/scully-eyeroll-mulder-pls.tumblr.com_.gif","alt":"Scully Effect Eyeroll","width":"500","height":"340","class":"size-full wp-image-40286"},"base_url":"https:\/\/allthatsinteresting.com\/wordpress\/wp-content\/uploads\/2015\/01\/scully-eyeroll-mulder-pls.tumblr.com_.gif","base_dir":"\/vhosts\/all-that-is-interesting\/wordpress\/\/wp-content\/uploads\/2015\/01\/scully-eyeroll-mulder-pls.tumblr.com_.gif"}
Scully, as a character, was a beautiful dichotomy: they were a highly educated medical doctor with an undergraduate degree in physics, yet their childhood as a Catholic “Navy Brat” gave them a certainty in God that constantly put them at odds with Mulder. An atheist, but one who desperately wanted to believe in the mysteries of the universe, Mulder was “the believer” whereas Scully was “the skeptic” – gender reversing tropes.
Scully's presence was constant not just in their appearances, but in their demeanor. They were extremely intelligent, rational and courageous. They held their own in the bullpen of the FBI and one could imagine that if they were in the same universe as The Silence of the Lambs‘ Clarice Starling, the two women probably would have been good friends. Scully is often, unapologetically, the smartest person in the room. They live alone in a nice walk-up apartment in Georgetown, spends their evenings reading and cleaning their Glock and tends to have ill-fated romps with men.
They seem relatively nonplussed, as their career is what matters most, and it sort of has to: not only is they Mulder's partner-in-crime, but as a medical doctor she's often the field pathologist, conducting autopsies late into the night.
They do all of this with aplomb and a certain kind of grace that seems to have faded in today's female protagonists. Before Olivia Pope, Temperance Brennan, Patty Hewes, Olivia Benson, Rizzoli and Isles or Fringe, Dana Scully was being a full-time badass without being a bitch.
They carried themselves as a highly competent, reliable and loyal woman who rarely caused a scene. They didn't need to: people trusted in their ability, so they listened without being told to. The cool authority with which Scully ruled their career—and their life—made them the pop culture patron saint of women trying to forge a career in STEM fields.
{"div_id":"scully-baby.gif.15139","plugin_url":"https:\/\/allthatsinteresting.com\/wordpress\/wp-content\/plugins\/gif-dog","attrs":{"src":"https:\/\/allthatsinteresting.com\/wordpress\/wp-content\/uploads\/2015\/01\/scully-baby.gif","alt":"Scully Effect Baby","width":"500","height":"243","class":"size-full wp-image-40290"},"base_url":"https:\/\/allthatsinteresting.com\/wordpress\/wp-content\/uploads\/2015\/01\/scully-baby.gif","base_dir":"\/vhosts\/all-that-is-interesting\/wordpress\/\/wp-content\/uploads\/2015\/01\/scully-baby.gif"}
At Comic Con a few years ago, Gillian Anderson was asked if was aware of The Scully Effect: the influx of young women pursuing STEM careers who had grown up watching them as Dana Scully in The X-Files. Said Anderson, “It was a surprise to me, when I was told that. We got a lot of letters all the time, and I was told quite frequently by girls who were going into the medical world or the science world or the FBI world or other worlds that I reigned, that they were pursuing those pursuits because of the character of Scully. And I said, ‘Yay!'”
The uptick in scientific girl-power outlasted the series, which came to an end after nine seasons in 2002. The show has continued to inspire, being syndicated and available on Netflix and Hulu, meaning that today's generation of young girls can have Scully as a role model, too.
Websites like Steminist offer profiles of real-life Scullys: intelligent, hard-working and extremely cool women who are on the forefront of scientific innovation. Cosmetic megalith L'Oréal started a fellowship for women in science back in 2003 and, since then, has awarded more than $2 million to female postdoctoral students in STEM fields. If you still can't get enough, DiscovHER compiled their list of the 10 Female Scientists to follow-on Twitter. Scully would be proud.
Next, check out these 10 cool fringe sciences.
A few years back, I was returning to Jerusalem from Ramallah via the Qalandia checkpoint. “Checkpoint” is a euphemism. This isn't merely a couple of Israeli soldiers checking your ID. Instead, you pass through a series of turnstiles, concrete barriers, barbed-wire tunnels that act as elongated cages, two-way mirrors, and of course X-ray machines. You are surveilled, re-surveilled, and surveilled again. No words are used. You are waved on not by hand, but by gun — a semi-automatic at groin level, indicating this way or that.
Halfway along the barbed-wire tunnel, I heard a gun being cocked close by, to my right. Startled, I looked over.
The gun was in the arms of a female soldier, flushed and giggling as a male soldier embraced them suggestively from behind, their arms around both them and the gun. They caught my glance and held it. “Look all you like,” they seemed to be saying. “We could strip down and have sex right here in front of you, and there's not a damn thing you could do about it.”
And they were right.
This was, I knew, the most trivial of events. It was nothing compared to what I'd already seen, and not even worth noting to Palestinians, who have to put up with far worse. Yet it stays with me because I cannot forget that look. I might as well have been a dog.
“The humiliation machine,” Ben Ehrenreich calls it in their new book, The Way To The Spring: Life And Death In Palestine. And it indeed works with machinelike effectiveness. “How do Palestinians stand it?” I kept asking later. “How do you stay human in the face of those who see you as inhuman?”
These are the very questions Ehrenreich answers in this rare book of reportage from inside the Palestinian experience of occupation. And they do so with truly amazing grace and control.
There's a hint of how they do it when they mention a European solidarity activist newly arrived in Palestine and “still sparkling with outrage; it would mellow, I knew, into a sustained, wounded simmer.” Ehrenreich opts for calm instead of outrage, the simmer instead of the boil. And that makes their writing all the more powerful. They don't indulge in their own righteousness — or in anyone else's, for that matter. “My concern is with what keeps people going when everything appears to be lost,” they say in the preface, “what it means to hold on, to decline to consent to one's own eradication, to fight actively or through deceptively simple acts of refusal against powers far stronger than oneself.”
What they are not doing, they emphasize, is trying to “explain” Palestinians, or to speak for them. Instead, living on and off in Ramallah and Hebron from 2011 to 2014 — from just after the “Arab spring” through to the devastating bombardment of Gaza — they allow people and events to speak for themselves, and the Palestinians they live with are striking not for their anger, but for their determination; not for their despair, but for their resilience.
“People in Hebron use the word ‘normal' a lot,” they report. What counts as normal there? Being shot at; the screaming of someone being beaten by soldiers; having settlers throw Molotov cocktails at your house; schoolchildren being tear-gassed; “administrative detention” (no charge, no trial); having your ID taken by a soldier at a checkpoint who keeps it for hours just because they can; having urine and feces thrown at you by settlers. Day in, day out — indeed hour in, hour out — a ceaseless barrage of harassment at best, outright violence at worst.
The details are all here. It's worth knowing, for instance, that “rubber bullets” are in fact rubber-coated steel bullets, each one the size of a marble, capable of breaking bones and gouging flesh (and increasingly replaced by live bullets anyway). Or that a tear-gas canister fired in your face will kill you. But these are only part of “the almost infinitely complex system of control” exercised by Israel over the West Bank — ” the entire vast mechanism of uncertainty, dispossession, and humiliation which… has sustained Israeli rule by curtailing the possibilities, and frequently the duration, of Palestinian lives.”
In punitive raids, random doors are burst open in the middle of the night, belongings ransacked, the contents of the pantry poured out on the floor, anyone offers so much as a word of protest beaten and arrested. The purpose? A clear message: this house is not yours, this land is not yours, your person is not yours.
As a community-center volunteer held (and tortured) for three months put it: “If they could take the air from us, they would.”
The statistics are here too if you need them. Forty percent of Palestinian males have been in Israeli prison at least once, and even those sent to trial were at the mercy of a military court system with a 99.74% conviction rate. The same military has an indictment rate of 1.4% against soldiers accused of misconduct. And all the while, “settlements” — huge suburbs and townships — have been expanded; construction more than doubled in 2014, and jumped another 40% last year.
Palestinians have now been pushed from nearly 60% of the West Bank. With effective leadership systematically broken up, assassinated, or imprisoned, leaving only the venally corrupt Palestinian Authority, that percentage seems destined only to increase as Israel asserts “complete and irrevocable” control. And yet, as Ehrenreich shows, “ordinary” people stubbornly refuse to submit.
There's no pontificating in this book — no offering of blandly confident “solutions.” I have none to put forward either, especially in this US election season when even Bernie Sanders' mealy-mouthed statement that ” we need to be able to say that Netanyahu is not always right” is regarded as a daring political stance, a marvel of honesty and insight.
What I can say is this: if you really do want honesty and insight, read The Way to the Spring.
———–
If you were placing a start-up football program on a map, Sim City-style, you would give heavy consideration to San Marcos, Texas.
San Marcos' Texas State University is a couple of minutes from I-35 and sits midway between San Antonio and Austin. Its residence tells you what you need to know about potential commitment to the sport, and its proximity to football-playing athletes is dramatic.
Sure, there's plenty of competition for kids, but just as a great area steakhouse probably isn't going to run out of steak, and just as the state school board isn't going to run out of things to cut from textbooks, Texas isn't going to run out of college football recruits. The state knows its portion sizes.
Texas State Bobcats Head coach: Everett Withers (second year, 2-10) 2016 record and S&P+ ranking: 2-10 (128th) Projected 2017 record and S&P+ ranking: 3-9 (129th) The Biggest strength: The passing game could be efficient, especially if Mississippi State transfer Damian Williams seizes control of the QB job. Biggest 2017 game: NMSU at home — it's the most winnable Sun Belt game on the slate, and the Bobcats owe the Aggies some revenge. Summary: Last year was a custom-made Year Zero situation for Withers. Can a deeper, more experienced squad make some noise in 2017, or will they need another year before building some momentum?
Texas State is immaculately accessible, and unlike neighbor UTSA, the Bobcats have their own stadium. Bobcat Stadium holds 30,000-plus and is pretty enough to have wooed Eric Taylor in the first season of Friday Night Lights.
State isn't running a start-up, either. The Bobcats have fielded a team since 1904, when they were the Southwest Texas State Normal School. They won back-to-back Division II titles in the early 1980s. But in nearly 25 years at the FCS level, they went to the playoffs only twice, losing to Northern Iowa in the semis in the 2005 and bowing out in the first round in 2008.
Still, a well-placed Texas school with a nice stadium, a championship history (technically), and an enrollment over 35,000? Prime FBS potential.
UTSA went bowling in 2016, and other FBS newcomers — Appalachian State, Georgia Southern, Old Dominion, South Alabama — have experienced immediate success, or close to it. TXST, however, has labored.
In five FBS seasons, the Bobcats have averaged 4.4 wins. They mistimed a 7-5 season in 2014 — in 2015 or 2016, they'd have been bowling — then fell to 3-9 in 2015 and replaced Dennis Franchione with Everett Withers, who stripped the building to the studs and went 2-10.
The 53-year-old has been around the block. They served as defensive coordinator at Austin Peay in the 1980s, Louisville in the 1990s, Minnesota and North Carolina in the 2000s, and Ohio State (co-coordinator, at least) in the 2010s. After an awkward year as UNC interim head coach in 2011, they rehabbed on Urban Meyer's OSU staff for two years. Then they won 18 games in two seasons as head man at James Madison, compiling talent for the Dukes' 2016 FCS title run in theirs stead.
Withers had to know they didn't have the pieces last fall. They inherited a team that was reasonably athletic but imbalanced and thin. And it took only a couple of well-placed injuries to bring the Bobcats to the ground.
Texas State was bad. Really, really bad.
The Bobcats pulled off a thrilling overtime upset of Ohio in Withers' first game and whomped Incarnate Word, but that was it. Arkansas and Houston beat them by a combined 106-6, and as the untimely injuries took place, the average score in Sun Belt play was Opponent 40, TXST 14.
The offensive line and secondary got particularly roughed up, and State was either thin, young, or both at basically every position that wasn't quarterback.
Withers and company had to see this coming, but it isn't hard to see better things on the horizon. Per the 247Sports Composite, TXST just signed the best recruiting class in the Sun Belt, and the Bobcats return their leading running back, their top six receivers, four offensive linemen with starting experience (including a center who was honorable mention all-conference as a first-year student), four of six defensive linemen, six of seven linebackers (plus a key 2015 contributor), and eight of 10 defensive backs.
But Texas State fans have spent a good portion of their history looking to the horizon instead of soaking in the present tense. And after a stark Year Zero situation in 2016 — a rebuilding job that takes a year just to get the cupboard organized — the horizon is still pretty far.
2016 in review
There's really no way to measure Texas State's 2016 that ends up kind to the Bobcats. There was little redeeming about either their offense or defense.
Perhaps the most disappointing part was State's underachievement against fellow bad Sun Belt teams. The Bobcats lost by 40 points to New Mexico State, for goodness' sake.
Really, that was just timing. Over the first six games, TXST showed hints of potential, especially on offense; over the last six, the Bobcats were toast.
First six games (2-4 record) : Average percentile performance: 15% (offense 34%, defense 12%) | Yards per play: Opp 6.4, TXST 4.9
: Average percentile performance: 15% (offense 34%, defense 12%) | Yards per play: Opp 6.4, TXST 4.9 Last six games (0-6 record): Average percentile performance: 4% (offense 13%, defense 18%) | Yards per play: Opp 6.0, TXST 3.6
The defense improved a bit, but there just wasn't much to lean on. The Bobcats were alright at forcing third-and-mediums and preventing huge pass plays, but opponents simply ran and ran once they had a lead, and against this offense, building a lead didn't take much time.
Texas State was overmatched in every area. It happens in a coach's first year sometimes. But it adds burden of proof in year two.
Offense
Full advanced stats glossary.
I created this radar so that we could quickly catch on to a team's strengths and weaknesses. The bigger the surface area of the radar, the more strengths an offense or defense had.
You'll have to take my word for it because Texas State's offense radar looks like an upside down bluebonnet. The Bobcats completed a reasonably high rate of passes and occasionally managed a 20-yard gain or two, but the run game didn't exist, and the pass only worked for so long.
Coordinator Brett Elliott never got a chance to show what they could do in 2016. There just weren't enough toys. They turned quarterback Vad Lee into an All-American at JMU, and they had a decent thrower in Tyler Jones (when healthy) last year, but their top running back was a sophomore, their top three receivers were a sophomore, a first-year student, and the sophomore running back, and their offensive line featured one guy who got through all 12 games.
It's a good news/bad news situation for 2017. Back Stedman Mayberry is back, and while they didn't prove a lot carrying the ball, they did prove versatile, catching 42 passes and helping Jones to a 64 percent completion rate.
Meanwhile, returnees Tyler Watts and Thurman Morbley are back after catching 74 percent of their passes last year. There is a nice set of efficiency weapons, and if senior-to-be Elijah King can provide a more steady threat, the Bobcats might have a bona fide big-play guy. King began with 19 catches for 295 yards in their first five games, but they caught just nine balls the rest of the way. Throw in Kentucky transfer T.V. Williams, and perhaps three-star first-year student Jaylin Nelson, and you've got a nice mix of speed and efficiency.
One minor problem: size . Of Mayberry, Watts, Morbley, King, Williams, and Nelson, only King is taller than 5'11, and only Nelson is listed bigger than 190 pounds.
. Of Mayberry, Watts, Morbley, King, Williams, and Nelson, only King is taller than 5'11, and only Nelson is listed bigger than 190 pounds. One medium-sized problem: the line . As iffy as it was last year, it will be less experienced this time around. Sophomore center Aaron Brewer, a future All-Sun Belt guy, is a keeper, but those responsible for only 26 of last year's 60 starts up front return, meaning some combination of sophomores, redshirt freshmen, and newbies (JUCO transfer Anthony Mayes, Jr., perhaps?) will have to not only step in but one-up their predecessors in at least a couple of positions.
. As iffy as it was last year, it will be less experienced this time around. Sophomore center Aaron Brewer, a future All-Sun Belt guy, is a keeper, but those responsible for only 26 of last year's 60 starts up front return, meaning some combination of sophomores, redshirt freshmen, and newbies (JUCO transfer Anthony Mayes, Jr., perhaps?) will have to not only step in but one-up their predecessors in at least a couple of positions. One huge question mark: quarterback. Jones is gone, as are backups Connor White and Eddie Printz. The 2017 offense could be led by either Mississippi State graduate transfer Damian Williams or a first-year student. TXST signed all sorts of three-star freshmen with potential at quarterback, from Nelson to more quarterback-sized options like Kishawn Kelley, Jaylen Gipson, or Willie Lee Jones III. Potential and athleticism abound, but State is starting over at the position.
Williams has potential, though. They served as Dak Presoctt's backup in 2014, redshirted in 2015, and got overtaken by Nick Fitzgerald in 2016. But Fitzgerald might be the best quarterback in the SEC next year, so there's little shame.
In three years, Williams has completed 68 of 117 passes (58 percent) for 706 yards, five touchdowns, and two interceptions, and he's rushed for 274 yards and two scores. If they take to Elliott's offense, we might actually get to find out what Elliott's offense is.
Defense
We at least got to see a little bit of the personality intended from Texas State's defense. Despite a revolving door in the secondary — of the original eight players in the two-deep in the back, two starters missed half the season, and two others missed some time — the Bobcats hinted at bend-don't-break proficiency. They held opponents to 12 yards per completion, 11.3 after the first three games of the year.
When they were able to leverage opponents into third downs (a rarity), those were long enough to cause problems, and they allowed just 27 gains of 30-plus yards, 58th in the country. That's a relative strength.
The problem was that basically all of those relative strengths had something to do with big pass plays. Opponents didn't need big pass plays — they were too busy running or completing shorter passes at will. TXST ranked 125th in Rushing S&P+ and 128th in Passing S&P+. Any aerial strengths were negated (and then some) by a 67 percent completion rate and a paltry three interceptions. Big plays or no, opponents managed at least a 145 passer rating in 10 of 12 games, at least a 174 in four.
None of this says any good things about State's talent or experience, but the latter will improve in 2017. The top three tacklers on the line were two freshmen and a sophomore. Among the top four at linebacker were two sophomores and a first-year student. And the secondary is now a mix of sophomores who got more playing time than expected and seniors who didn't get as much. Outside of the secondary, barely any seniors will have an impact.
The talent part of the equation, however, is still unknown. The linebacker trio of Bryan London, Gabe Loyd, and Frankie Griffin combined for 20 tackles for loss, and ends Ishmael Davis and Jordan Mittie combined for 9.5. Plus, sophomore nickel back Gavin Graham broke up a couple of passes and made 4.5 stops behind the line himself.
One problem: Almost none of these TFLs were sacks. Texas State had probably the worst pass rush in the country. And while the 2017 signing class appears to have bolstered depth, especially at defensive tackle (JUCO transfer Sam Award and 315-pound, three-star first-year student Gjemar Daniels will join the rotation), there's no guarantee anyone will help to sack the quarterback.
The defense will improve because it can't get much worse and because a more stable front seven will handle the run at least a little bit better. But without a pass rush, the improvement will only be marginal.
Special Teams
This unit was Texas State's strongest. Unfortunately, the two main reasons are gone. Lumi Kaba was a decent kickoffs guy and an excellent punter, but they graduated. Brandon McDowell was an excellent punt returner (fumbles aside), but they transferred. Guess offense and defense will have to carry more weight this year.
2017 Outlook
2017 Schedule & Projection Factors Date Opponent Proj. S&P+ Rk Proj. Margin Win Probability 2-Sep Houston Baptist NR 19.6 87% 9-Sep at Colorado 50 -30.0 4% 23-Sep UTSA 91 -12.6 23% 30-Sep at Wyoming 80 -21.9 10% TBA Appalachian State 62 -22.5 10% TBA Georgia State 113 -7.4 33% TBA New Mexico State 124 -3.9 41% TBA UL-Monroe 121 -4.5 40% TBA at Arkansas State 83 -20.4 12% TBA at Coastal Carolina 114 -13.3 22% TBA at Troy 79 -22.5 10% TBA at UL-Lafayette 112 -13.8 21% Projected S&P+ Rk 129 Proj. Off. / Def. Rk 127 / 120 Projected wins 3.1 Five-Year S&P+ Rk -27.8 (128) 2- and 5-Year Recruiting Rk 101 / 94 2016 TO Margin / Adj. TO Margin* -14 / -6.3 2016 TO Luck/Game -3.2 Returning Production (Off. / Def.) 68% (68%, 68%) 2016 Second-order wins (difference) 1.6 (0.4)
The most likely time for a surge comes in a coach's second year. Their culture is more fully in place, he's got a couple of their own recruiting classes, and everybody knows what to expect from each other.
If the rebuild is big enough, however, it might take until the third year to get all ducks in a row.
Call it the Eastern Michigan rule: Chris Creighton went 3-21 in their first two years before leaping to 7-6 in 2016.
It's not impossible to see Texas State taking a healthy step forward in 2017. Williams might be a gem at quarterback, the receiving corps could be too efficient and speedy for much of the Sun Belt, and the defense has depth and experience that it couldn't even pretend to have in 2016.
Still, the Bobcats were really far from the rest of the pack in Withers' Year Zero. In 2016's S&P+ rankings, Sun Belt mate ULM finished 126th, third to last, with an adjusted scoring average of minus-17.9 points per game. Texas State was 10 points behind that awful pace. The Bobcats were as close to ULM as ULM was to No. 101 Army. Could a surge happen? Sure, but let's set a higher bar for 2018 and give Withers, their interesting young recruits, and their flawed roster another year to gel.
Texas State preview stats
All preview data to date.
Texas State's 2016 statistical profile.
Ratchet & Clank: Into the Nexus Confirmed by Insomniac Games' Website, First Game Details and Features Leaked (Update: Screenshot)
Update 2: It's confirmed, here's all the info and a trailer. And trailer!
Update: A screenshot for Ratchet & Clank: Into the Nexus has been discovered (note – it's compressed and taken from a video we'll see tomorrow):
Original Story: It seems that Insomniac Games and PlayStation won't be giving us that much of a surprise tomorrow with their new announcement, as a page on Insomniac's website (since removed) has seemingly confirmed Ratchet & Clank: Into the Nexus.
Though systems or a release date wasn't detailed, here's the general overview of the game from the website, as captured by NeoGaf:
Ratchet and Clank are back! The beloved duo return with an original single-player epilogue to the acclaimed Tools of Destruction and A Crack in Time. Ratchet & Clank: Into the Nexus is a story-driven platform adventure with humor and heart, featuring outrageously upgraded weapons, extreme planet hopping and brand-new worlds begging to be explored. Into the Nexus marks a true return to form for the acclaimed series. After one of the most infamous manhunts in galactic history results in the capture of Vendra Prog, Ratchet and Clank offer to escort the dangerous criminal to the Vartax Detention Center. After a daring orbital jailbreak at the forgotten edge of the galaxy, Ratchet and Clank find themselves lost in an abandoned sector. There, in the deepest space, they uncover an inter-dimensional event that threatens the universe—and forces Ratchet to decide what's really important. Features: A return to the Future – Series protagonists, Ratchet and Clank, return along with Captain Qwark, Talwyn, Cronk and Zephyr in a brand-new, story-driven single-player adventure.
Even more crazy weapons and gadgets for your arsenal– Arm yourself with a variety of exotic new weapons and gadgets, including the Winterizer and Nether Blades.
Clank strikes back – All-new gameplay offers inter-dimensional challenges where Clank can alter gravity, manipulate objects and solve mind-bending platforming puzzles.
Discover new worlds… and the dangers of space – Traverse through the zero-gravity of space and explore a mysterious sector filled with new planets to explore along with hidden dangers and dark secrets yet to be uncovered.
Of course, we'll have to wait until tomorrow and the official reveal before knowing that this is actually true (it is), but two logos were also leaked:
Assuming this is all true, how does Into the Nexus sound to you? Let us know in the comments below.
Trump, the Republican presidential nominee, told “Mornings with Maria” that they will address the controversy during a campaign event in Washington.
ADVERTISEMENT
“Well, I'm gonna make a big announcement on it today probably during my first speech at my new hotel,” Trump said
Host Maria Bartiromo asked, “The bottom line is this, we know that Obama now, they were born in the United States, right?”
“You watch my statement,” Trump responded. “We have to — we have to keep the suspense going, okay?”
Trump made frequent attacks throughout President Obama's term questioning the president's birthplace.
On Thursday, they avoided a question in a Washington Post interview about whether they still question Obama's birthplace.
“I'll answer that question at the right time,” Trump said. “I just don't want to answer it yet.”
Hours later, Trump's campaign released a statement attributed to spokesperson Jason Miller saying the business person believes Obama was born in the U.S.
“Mr. Trump believes that President Obama was born in the United States,” Miller wrote.
But lawmakers and media commentators have said the statement is not enough and called on the candidate themselves to speak publicly about how they feel.
Gibraltar to appeal to CAS after being blocked for FIFA membership
Gibraltar in action during their heavy defeat by Poland earlier this month
The Gibraltar Football Association will appeal against the decision by FIFA to reject its bid to become a member.
It will now take the case to the Court of Arbitration for Sport where it won a decision to be included by UEFA.
Gibraltar, which is a British overseas territory, played their first European qualifying fixture in September but lost 7-0 to Poland.
FIFA president Sepp Blatter said: "(The) FA of Gibraltar cannot be accepted as a member of FIFA because it contravened the world governing body's statutes regarding independent territories."
But a spokesperson for the Gibraltar FA said: "We expected this decision by FIFA based on their statutes which in their view states Gibraltar is not an independent territory so we have initiated our appeal to CAS. That's our next step.
"We are a UEFA member nation now and we will take it to the next stage - if you look at the history of our UEFA membership that's the way it went as well."
As well as Gibraltar, the Northern Mariana Islands, a US Pacific island territory, was also blocked from becoming a FIFA member.
Killer whale Tilikum watches as SeaWorld Orlando trainers take a break (Picture: AP)
SeaWorld have announced that it's not looking too good for Tilikum the killer whale.
The orca, who is the subject of documentary BlackFish, is becoming ‘increasingly lethargic' and has reached ‘the high end of the life expectancy for male killer whales'.
In an official statement, SeaWorld say: ‘We are saddened to report that over the past few weeks, Tilikum's behavior has become increasingly lethargic, and the SeaWorld veterinary and animal care teams are concerned that their health is beginning to deteriorate.'
‘Based on their size at collection in 1983, we estimate that they are about 35 years old, which is near the high end of the average life expectancy for male killer whales.'
MORE: That giant rabbit has found a home and he's even got their own pram
Tilikum was the subject of the Blackfish documentary (Picture: Rex)
‘Since Tilikum became a part of SeaWorld's family 23 years ago, they have received the best in marine mammal health care and life enrichment available for killer whales – including a focus on their physical health, mental engagement and social activity with other whales.
Advertisement
Advertisement
‘Despite the best care available, like all aging animals, they battle chronic health issues that are taking a greater toll as they age.
‘Our teams are treating them with care and medication for what we believe is a bacterial infection in their lungs. However, the suspected bacteria are very resistant to treatment and a cure for their illness has not been found.
Blackfish tells the story of Tilikum, a killer whale that was involved in the deaths of three people (Picture: Magnolia Pictures)
‘It has been our duty and passion to make sure we give them the utmost care we possibly can,' said Daniel Richardville, SeaWorld's Animal Training Supervisor.
The statement adds: ‘Our veterinarians are focused on managing their illness in a way that makes them comfortable and creates an enriching life.'
Blackfish explores the link between Tilikum and the death of three SeaWorld staff – trainers Keltie Byrne in 1991, Daniel P Dukes in 1999 and Dawn Brancheau in 2010.
Since the film's released in 2013, the attraction has reported a decline in attendance.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions will deny meeting the Russian ambassador a third time Tuesday in an open hearing they requested, a source with knowledge of the situation told The Daily Caller.
Former FBI Director James Comey testified before the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence last week that Sessions was silent when Comey told them about their concerns about meeting with Trump alone. Department of Justice spokesperson Ian Prior disputed this account last week. They said that the attorney general told Comey that the DOJ and FBI “needed to be careful about following appropriate policies regarding contacts with the White House.”
The source told TheDC that Sessions will testify similarly before the intelligence committee.
Senate Democrats had called for Sessions' testimony to be public, and the source told TheDC that this was, in fact, a request from the DOJ. The source said that if Sessions testified in a closed hearing, Democrat senators would leak information from it, and then request an open hearing.
Comey participated in a closed hearing last week after their open hearing, and there were reports based on leaks from it that Comey said the attorney general had a third undisclosed meeting with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak. Sessions recused themselves from the investigation into Russian election interference and possible collusion with the Trump campaign after it was discovered they had two previous undisclosed meetings with the Russian ambassador.
The source told TheDC that Sessions will deny this alleged third meeting with the Russian ambassador during Tuesday's hearing. Justice Department spokesperson Sarah Isgur Flores has also denied that this meeting happened at the Mayflower Hotel in D.C. following a speech President Trump gave during the campaign.
Democrats are expected to question Sessions about their role in the firing of Comey and whether it was appropriate for Sessions to be involved as they recused themselves from the investigation that Comey was leading.
The source said this is a “red herring,” as the FBI is involved in hundreds of matters.
(CNN) -- Frustrated parents are dumping their teenagers at Nebraska hospitals -- even crossing state lines to do it -- and the state Legislature has scheduled a special hearing to try to stem the tide.
A 14-year-old Iowa girl was left Tuesday at Creighton University Medical Center in Omaha, Nebraska.
Nebraska's "safe haven" law, intended to allow parents to anonymously hand over an infant to a hospital without being prosecuted, isn't working out as planned.
Of the 17 children relinquished since the law took effect in July, only four are younger than 10 -- and all four are among the nine siblings abandoned by a man September 24 at an Omaha hospital.
On Tuesday, a 14-year-old girl from Council Bluffs, Iowa, was abandoned at Creighton University Medical Center in Omaha, Nebraska, just across the Missouri River from Council Bluffs. The case marks the first time a parent has crossed state lines to abandon a teenager in Nebraska, authorities said.
"The few situations we've seen so far demonstrate the need for a change in Nebraska's safe haven law," Gov. Dave Heineman said in a statement Monday. "In the coming legislative session, I will advocate for changes that put the focus back on protecting an infant in danger. That should be our priority."
All 50 states have safe haven laws, but only Nebraska's lacks an age limit. Nebraska's part-time Legislature is adjourned until January, but two state legislative committees will hold a joint hearing November 13 to discuss a remedy.
"They've got a huge problem," said Linda Spears, vice president for policy and public affairs for the Child Welfare League of America. "It's a pretty poorly constructed law to meet its original intent."
When it was introduced in the Legislature, the bill had a presumed age limitation of 72 hours, said Todd Landry, director of the state's Division of Children and Family Services.
"The original intent was to protect infants from the immediate danger of being harmed," they said.
However, the law's final language uses the word "child" and does not specify an age limit, leaving it open to interpretation. Other states' laws specify the maximum age at which a child may be relinquished, ranging from 72 hours in several states to 1 year in North Dakota, according to the National Center for State Courts.
"Clearly in these cases so far that we've seen, none of these children were in any immediate danger of being harmed," Landry said. "It is our opinion that the law does need to be modified."
The law is being abused, Heineman's statement said.
"Safe haven laws were not designed to allow families having difficulty with older youth and teenagers to abandon their children or responsibilities as parents," they said.
The parents may not always be to blame, the Child Welfare League's Spears said.
"The original safe haven laws were created for young moms who are having babies who didn't know how to get help. I think these are families with older kids who don't know how to get help and who are in desperate need," they said.
Most state laws fail to provide for research into who is abandoning babies and why, league spokesperson Joyce Johnson said.
"Those are the kinds of things we've been wondering about and saying we need to know more about, and you'll never know if you just have a law that says you can anonymously leave a child somewhere, no questions asked," Johnson said.
New Jersey, they said, is an exception. That state's safe haven law provides funding for research and evaluation as well as $500,000 a year for public awareness, according to a September 2007 report by a New Jersey safe haven task force.
A woman who dropped their 15-year-old nephew at a Lincoln, Nebraska, hospital told CNN affiliate KETV last month that they and the boy's guardian could no longer handle their behavior problems. Watch woman explain why they left 15-year-old at hospital »
The woman, Cathy Poulin, said they tried discipline and medication, but nothing worked. The boy's mother died several years ago, and their father left him, they said.
"We had to go to the next level," Poulin said. "He can be made to get help."
The Omaha man who left their nine children, ages 1 to 17, at Creighton University Medical Center was overwhelmed by the sudden death of their wife after the youngest child was born, they told KETV.
"I was with them for 17 years, and then they were gone. What was I going to do?" Gary Staton said. "We raised them together. I didn't think I could do it alone. I fell apart. I couldn't take care of them."
Staton is just the kind of parent whom safe haven laws fail to help, Johnson said.
"He was grieving, they didn't have a lot of money, and all those children -- they were trying to figure out how to feed them, how to clothe them, and deal with the grief of losing their wife. They needed help," they said.
Heineman and Landry urged Nebraska parents who are having trouble coping to call the United Way's 211 resource line or Boys Town, a nationally known nonprofit child services organization based in Nebraska.
Other options include community and faith-based support groups, crisis hot lines, treatment centers and other services, Landry added.
All About Nebraska • Parenting • Child Safety • New Jersey
Family-friendly free-to-play games can get expensive in a hurry when children are able to purchase in-game add-ons, and one mother is taking Facebook to court over the practice. As reported by Gamasutra, a California woman has filed suit against the social network, claiming it allowed minors to make millions of dollars in unauthorized charges for Facebook Credits, which were then used to buy items in games.
Free-to-play Facebook games like Dragon Age: Legends can cost an awful lot.
Facebook lets children as young as 13 create accounts, though the terms state that those under 18 must get parental permission before buying Facebook credits. The suit alleges that goes against multiple consumer protection laws in California, as well as federal statutes.
The suit is seeking class action status and was filed on behalf of all parents and legal guardians in the US whose children made unauthorized purchases on Facebook. It further alleges that those damages add up to more than $5 million, and the woman suing put their personal loss at "several hundred dollars."
Apple is facing a similar lawsuit over free-to-play games, as the iPad maker previously allowed players to make in-app purchases without entering an account password for validation for the first 15 minutes after a game was downloaded. This led to minors racking up hundreds of dollars in charges for games like Smurfs' Village, which were downloaded for free but encourage players to spend money to speed their progress in the game.
Developed by Human Head Studios
Not Rated By ESRB (Good for 13+)
Available for iOS and Android Tablets
It is rare for us to review mobile games here at DreadCentral, as a marketplace mostly tuned for games to be played in bite size chunks isn't conducive to a tense horror build. That is part of the reason why it took me so long to review this game (about a three week turnaround, as opposed to my more common few days), as when I found time to pick up my iPad and play for a bit, I'd wipe and flush before I finished a level. It is unfortunate, because Lost Within is a compelling game, but one that will likely be overshadowed by all of the glossier console and PC titles.
Right off the bat, I do not play a lot of mobile games. I have a PC, every console, and an active social life, so I don't really ever find time to sit on my couch and just pop out my 3DS for a round of the Pokémans. I played Year Walk a while ago and spent an embarrassing amount of time on the Infinity Blade series, and felt that their “minimum upfront, a lot to find” approach to narrative fit the portable nature very well. I didn't have to invest my full brainpower every time I wanted to play, but could dive into it whenever I wanted to for a different kind of reward.
I think that a lot of people would agree with the core sentiment that at times, most of us will game just to turn our brains off. There is a certain section of my Steam library reserved for games that are played purely by muscle memory, and are my go-tos when intoxicated. The success of cash-clickers has proven as much for the mobile market, and for better or for worse we have come to expect a simple and instantly accessible experience. This is where Lost Within stumbles, as it is too smart for its own good.
Yes, it felt as weird to write that as it did to read it. It seems weird to knock a game for being too thoughtful, but the bottom line is that I had trouble playing Lost Within as a mobile game. It had bite-sized chapters, but a gameplay style and narrative that didn't fit that. It felt like a console game that I was playing on my iPad, an $10 indie title off of Steam that I play alone in my room at 2 a.m. with the lights off and the door locked.
Gameplay wise, it feels like Outlast if Outlast was trying to get Greenlit on Steam. Sneaking through the halls of an abandoned asylum, the player must avoid baddies by hiding in lockers, but this time with a crafting system. I don't know why just giving you straight items has been replaced by crafting. The argument has been made that choosing between a Molotov and a health pack is an extra point of tension, but for me it has never been confusing which would be more useful in the moment. It is the Molotov, because health packs are for scrubs that get hit.
Craftable items are pretty standard, but have enough flavor to not feel stale. You get a cloaking device, but it takes the form of a suit you put on to look like the enemies, changing your HUD. There is a detector that lets you see through walls, but it takes the form of a stethoscope. Stun Bombs stun, while Tasers also stun, but with fewer explosions. Only one of the nine items puts enemies down for good, so sneaking and distractions are going to be the ticket to success. Crafting systems are the worst when the game can be easily beaten without any consumables, making crafting a waste of time. While the game can theoretically be beaten without using items outside of scripted areas, it is well enough designed to provide challenges that are very difficult to overcome without them.
There are much worse things to call gameplay than functional, but it is hard to describe it as anything but when compared to Lost Within's standout story. Taking part from three perspectives, each character has their own motivation for being at the asylum on the day before its demolition. Starting from the same central point, each explores a different wing of the asylum, each inhabited by a different main baddie. The second chapter stood out to me as having the most unique antagonist, but none really reached above enjoyable cliché. Though the characters are a bit standard, the combination of protagonist and antagonist switch gives each chapter a distinct flavor. It brings variety to an otherwise static environment.
As each of the three characters explores the asylum, the story is again told from three different vantage points. Collectible documents provide a tried and true snippet look into the darker administrative happenings in a way we have all grown to expect, but the real time combination of flashback and present-day is where the story really shines. The game frequently flashes back to the asylum in its heyday, where sinister experiments and patient riots eventually led to its present dilapidated state.
To contrast, the present day reality is more surreal, with shambling experiments and shadowy tendrils blocking your path. The glimpses in the past seem more real, though psychically induced, while the real present seems impossible. It is a unique switch on the dream/reality formula that most importantly makes sense in the end. I am not going to spoil the big twists, so I will leave it by saying that the game wraps up with a satisfying—if not perhaps a bit corny—revelation.
I realize that this review has sounded a bit mechanical compared to my typically flamboyant style. I have plenty good to say about the game, and I don't think I've done the game a disservice in going over the core of what I liked. It is an interesting narrative that surpasses most mobile games in a serviceable stealth/horror shell. It is a great option for people without a gaming PC or console, and at the budget price of just $7 it is hard to say that anyone who owns a tablet shouldn't give it a shot. It is definitely not a freemium game, so that is already two of its stars right there.
Despite all of that, my gut feeling is that I won't pick this game up again. I was interested in what was happening while playing, but had to remind myself to play it. If it wasn't my job to finish it, I don't know if I would have. I think the issue lies in what I stated at the beginning of my review: the medium doesn't match the style of the game. The story requires a kind of attention I can't afford when playing on my iPad. When I am playing my iPad, I am sitting at a sports bar after work having a beer or watching a movie while on a treadmill. I imagine plenty of people use it for their morning commute on the train or between meetings, but none of these places scream horror atmosphere.
I wish I could give the game more praise, as it is certainly a very pretty mobile game that is well told at a price that would be considered budget for twice what it is. It controls well, is simple to learn but hard to master, and narratively compelling. It isn't anything new, and maybe that has something to do with why I found it so easy to put down, but it certainly isn't the worst rendition of this type of game. Consider this a tentative recommendation, since I don't think anyone would be really dissatisfied with this game, but just don't be surprised if this sits half played in your library.
• Aston Villa and Swindon Town fans first to follow German counterparts • Stan Collymore: ‘Our great club could and should do our bit to help'
Supporters' groups in England are looking to follow the example set by their German counterparts in holding aloft “Refugees Welcome” banners at home matches in response to the crisis gripping Europe.
Bayern Munich to donate €1m to help city's refugees Read more
Inspired by support and offers of practical help from fans across Germany in recent weeks, Aston Villa and Swindon Town fans became the first to say they planned to hold aloft such banners amid attempts to coordinate support via social media. Villa supporters plan to send a message supporting refugees during their televised match at Leicester City on Sunday week when the teams meet after the international break. Similar banners have already been spotted at non-league matches involving Kingstonian and Dulwich Hamlet, as well as at FC United games. The Premier League said there was nothing in its rules to prevent clubs from welcoming the banners into their stadiums.
The former Aston Villa striker Stan Collymore is among those supporting the campaign to show solidarity with those entering Europe after fleeing war zones in Syria and elsewhere. “I remember Doug Ellis and our team taking aid to Bucharest in 1997 ahead of playing Steaua, and also Birmingham is a vibrant multicultural community,” they said. “I think our great club could and should do our bit to help.”
The organisers of a campaign on Facebook and Twitter (@RefugeesEFL) said they had been directly inspired by the images in Germany. “The German fans using “Refugees Welcome” banners was a big inspiration,” said Dena Nakeeb, who is organising the Facebook campaign. “It's not just the imagery behind manly blokes holding banners supporting an issue which is so poignant at the moment. It's the fact we as the British public are showing solidarity.”
Clubs across Germany have organised schemes to invite refugees to come and watch matches and collect clothes and donations, while banners calling for understanding and integration have become a regular feature in the Bundesliga at almost every club. On Thursday Germany's biggest club Bayern Munich announced it would raise €1m to help refugees arriving in Europe and set up a training camp for those arriving in the city. Munich train station has become one of the main points of entry for those entering Germany through Hungary and Austria.
“FC Bayern sees it as its social responsibility to help those fleeing and suffering children, women and men, to support them and accompany them in Germany,” said the club's chief executive, Karl-Heinz Rummenigge. Bavaria's youth academy will set up the training camp for children, in conjunction with the city of Munich. Apart from football training, it will also offer meals and German language classes.
First-team players will be accompanied by refugee children when they enter the pitch for Bayern's next home game against Augsburg, with the club also planning a friendly with the aim of raising €1m. “FC Bayern is taking a stand and I am happy about the club's involvement,” said the Munich mayor, Dieter Reiter. “That is why I happily approved the city's support.”
Inspired by their German counterparts, English fans are using Facebook and Twitter to try to follow suit. In Scotland Celtic's foundation said it would donate a portion of the proceeds from a weekend of events to mark the 30th anniversary of Jock Stein's death. Among other events, a team of Celtic Legends will play Dunfermline at East End Park on Sunday.
Refugees welcome? How UK and Germany compare on migration Read more
“Having seen the effects of this humanitarian crisis unfold in recent days, we felt as a club we should help in any way we can,” said Celtic's chief executive, Peter Lawwell. “Celtic was established as a football club to help people in need and this ethos remains a fundamental part of our club almost 130 years after our formation. None of us can understand the true horrors of this situation but as a club we wanted to show our support for those affected.”
Across Germany Bundesliga clubs have launched a range of schemes to try to foster understanding. Borussia Dortmund invited 220 refugees to watch a Europa League match as part of the city's “Angekommen in Dortmund” (Arriving in Dortmund) campaign. Schalke invited 100 refugees to their first home game and released a video showing one of their best-known former players, the Ghanaian Gerald Asamoah, talking about the importance of tolerance and understanding. Bayer Leverkusen have started a project called “Bayer 04 macht Schule” (Bayer 04 does school) where the focus is on helping refugee children to join the club. Werder Bremen have founded a “Bleib am Ball” (Stay on the Ball) project to help refugees in the region, while both Hannover and Hoffenheim have delivered kits and shoes.
Dynamo Dresden's chairperson, Robert Schäfer posted a statement on the club website stating: “Hospitality, respect and openness towards asylum seekers follows directly on from sporting values held by our teams. Refugees come to us because they are persecuted in their homelands for their beliefs and fear for life and limb at home. As sports clubs we want to show these people that, after all they have suffered, they are welcome in our midst.”
Germany's national team also released a video to show their stance against violence and racism, with the team manager, Oliver Bierhoff, saying they were keen to send a message.
Meanwhile the shadow home secretary, Yvette Cooper, and shadow culture secretary, Chris Bryant, said they had written to national cultural, religious and sports organisations to ask them to play their part in welcoming more refugees to Britain in light of the escalating crisis.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
TOLEDO, Ohio -- The loved ones of Marquise Byrd grieve their tragic killing as they prepare for a series of court cases to come.
But for now, they would still like a phone call, according to a report from the Toledo Blade newspaper.
“I would appreciate if [the boys' parents] could at least call my auntie and tell them they're sorry,” said Mr. Byrd's cousin, Shaveontae King.
Toledo police said Tuesday they filed murder charges against four teenagers — Pedro Salinas, 13; Sean Carter, 14; Demetrius Wimberly, 14, and William Parker, 15 -— accused of killing Mr. Byrd with a sandbag dropped onto I-75.
An autopsy found Mr. Byrd, 22, of Warren, Mich. suffered blunt-force trauma to the head and neck. They were pronounced dead 8:57 p.m. Friday at Mercy Health St. Vincent Medical Center, according to the Lucas County Coroner's Office.
Mr. Byrd was traveling to meet friends in Toledo. They were engaged and had a 1-year-old son, said Ms. King, 26, of Roseville, Mich.
“Young, energetic, outgoing, lovable. They had a bright smile,” Ms. King said while describing Mr. Byrd as like a brother to them
Officers responded about 10:10 p.m. Dec. 19 to the Indiana Avenue bridge over I-75. A sandbag had smashed through a car's windshield and hit Mr. Byrd in the passenger seat.
Police said the boys were tossing objects from the overpass, and officers saw the teenagers leaving the area after the incident. Each is charged with vehicular vandalism as well.
Ms. King said they have no sympathy for the teenagers. They know right from wrong, and should be charged as adults, they said.
This killing has devastated their family, Ms. King said. They recalled the October killing of a motorist in Genesee County, Michigan, who was struck by a large rock. At the time, Ms. King thought it would never happen to them.
“My auntie has to bury their son. He's gone. He's never coming back,” Ms. King said. “She's holding up the best they can.”
Lori Olender, deputy chief of the county prosecutor's juvenile division, said they are not seeking to transfer the teenagers' cases to adult jurisdiction. They said they did not wish to put Mr. Byrd's family through the court case with no chance of success.
“These kids have almost no record,” Ms. Olender said.
Ms. Olender cited a December, 2016 case in which a 14-year-old Toledo girl was accused of fatally shooting their brother. It was a deliberate act, and they did not stand trial as an adult, Ms. Olender said.
Ohio law allows children as young as 14 to stand trial as adults, but those younger than 16 are discretionary transfers.
Judges in these cases must consider factors including whether the juveniles could rehabilitate by 21 years old, if they used firearms, and whether they are mature enough for the adult system.
Irish house prices were undervalued by close to 15 per cent in 2015, a new report from the European Commission shows. And despite recent price gains, the report suggests there is scope for prices to increase further.
In an analysis of macroeconomic imbalances in European Union member states, the report found property prices in Ireland were still recovering from undervalued levels, and remained undervalued by almost 15 per cent at the end of 2015. Ireland is one of seven countries with imbalances, alongside Germany, the Netherlands, Spain and Sweden.
Latest figures from the Central Statistics Office show the annual rate of residential property price inflation has picked up notably since June, and is now running at the fastest pace nationwide (7.3 per cent) in 15 months.
Room for growth
Austin Hughes, economist with KBC Bank, says that while price gains since last December will have narrowed the imbalance, there is still room for price growth.
“If the current pace of price increase is sustained to the end of this year, this would correct about half of the undervaluation estimated in the commission report. In turn, this would suggest that, in the absence of notably adverse shocks to the Irish economy in 2017, Irish house prices could see further solid gains,” they said.
Among the 19 countries surveyed in the report, significant price increases were noted in Sweden (35 per cent) and the UK (18 per cent), as they came on top of a substantial overvaluation gap, “fuelled by rising net credit flows to households”.
“These situations will therefore call for careful monitoring of future developments,” the commission said.
France, Italy and Portugal were among the countries found to have “excessive imbalances” according to the commission.
Painting by Leena McCall (http://leenamccall.com/)
Earlier this month in London, artist Leena McCall's Portrait of Ms Ruby May, Standing was removed from the Society of Women Artists' annual exhibition at the Mall Galleries. London- and Berlin-based artist McCall says they were told the painting was taken down because it was “pornographic” and “disgusting.”
What is so disgusting about it? The painting depicts a healthy woman standing with hip cocked, gaze trained on the viewer, one eyebrow raised in a suggestive, come-hither look.  They are sporting the kind of cleavage that would make Salma Hayek proud. Sure, they are tattooed and smoking a pipe, but what really sets the image apart is the area below their olive-green, unbuttoned trousers, which have fallen just far enough to reveal the black landing strip of their lady-garden. This, apparently, was the part deemed “pornographic.”
The painting Portrait of Ms Ruby May, Standing by Leena McCall. Painting by Leena McCall (http://leenamccall.com/)
The Mall Galleries says the painting was yanked to protect “children and vulnerable adults” who visit the gallery. (Vulnerable to what has never been made clear.) The painting has since been replaced by another female nude, this one less challenging—and presumably less hairy.
When did pubic hair get so threatening? It's tempting to think that the disappearance of the bush is just another arrow in the quiver of modern patriarchy. I, for one, have always assumed that my foremothers were well-protected by a soft pillow in the places where the sun don't shine, and that it was only some Don Draper character who introduced the razor into my bubby's beauty routine. The reality is more complex: There are ancient recipes for hair removal using everything from arsenic to “a distillation of swallows,” and the practice of removing body hair goes in and out of fashion for women throughout history. (The current trend, according to the New York Times at least, is “the fuller look.”)
But the pattern in art history is remarkably consistent. Until the 20th century, depictions of women in Western art usually avoided showing pubic hair, particularly in images meant to represent ideals of art and beauty (as opposed to, say, filthy prostitutes). Classical Greek sculpture included pubic hair on men, tight little curls of adornment, but the female mons was almost always fuzz-free. This classical ideal dominated painting through the Middle Ages and Renaissance (think of Botticelli's Venus, and the smooth white triangle that disappears into the long golden hair falling from their head). Titian, Rubens, Michelangelo—they all avoided showing ladyfur. Francisco de Goya's La Maja Desnuda, painted around 1800, is sometimes said to be the first painting to show an ordinary naked woman with pubic hair, and it was deemed so provocative the Spanish prime minister kept it in a private room. The painting was one of the reasons Goya was later called before the Inquisition.
Even during the development of photography in the 19th century, “artistic” nudes had their pubic hair blotted away with an airbrush. One oft-repeated (though controversial) story has it that the great English art critic John Ruskin spent so much time with hairless art nudes that, when they discovered their wife's body hair on their wedding night, they couldn't consummate their marriage. (She ended up leaving them for their protégé John Millais, apparently a bush man.)
In movies, too, female pubic hair is considered irredeemably, and problematically, erotic. The documentary This Film Is Not Yet Rated revealed that the 2003 Vegas flick The Cooler was given an NC-17 rating thanks to 1.5 seconds of Maria Bello's pubic hair. The whys and ways of the MPAA rating board are somewhat mysterious, but after directors agreed to cut the pubic hair (though not the oral sex leading up to it), the film earned the far more commercially viable R rating. Meanwhile, films that show horrific violence against women—like The Killer Inside Me, which lingers over the graphic murder of its female leads, or The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo, which features a long anal rape scene, are given an R rating. (A new documentary called The Secret Garden is entirely devoted to the question of what women do with their pubes. It hasn't been released in America yet, so no word on what rating it will be given.)
What's going on here? Why are we so terrified of a little bit of pubic hair? My guess—and it's not earthshattering—is that it has everything to do with our fear of adult female sexuality. From an evolutionary standpoint, the appearance of pubic hair in women coincides with the onset of ovulation; seeing it tells men a woman is old enough to breed, so it's an important trigger for sexual arousal. Breasts, of course, are another sign of sexual maturity, but they also have maternal connotations, and they aren't kept as hidden as pubic hair. (Secret things are always the most erotic.) Sure, some people think it's sexier to remove body hair—the interplay of nature and culture is one of the many wonderfully complex things about being human—but there's an undeniable intertwining of adult women, sex, and the hair down there.
In fact, some art historians posit that the reason classical images of the ideal nude figure are so frequently hairless is because of the association between hairlessness and childhood, and thus, virginity. Once again, the ideal woman is a frigid Virgin: not exactly sex-positive.
And there's another angle at play, one that takes our fear of adult women as agents of their own sexuality even further. As Rowan Pelling pointed out in the Guardian, the Ruby May painting includes a gaze trained at the viewer (Goya's did too), and this combined with the pubic hair might be most threatening of all. “It seems the Mall Galleries' clientele can cope with nudes, so long as the model is a more passive and unthreatening recipient of the wandering viewer's gaze,” Pelling wrote. “The implication's clear: the minute a woman is alive and free to move, an active agent of their own sexuality, they are a menace to society.”
The removal of the painting is particularly ironic—or perhaps just telling—given that McCall's mission with it was to address “how women choose to express their sexual identity beyond the male gaze.” The real Ruby May, who leads erotic workshops in Berlin, told the Independent: “I don't think people realize how threatening a sexually empowered woman is to a paradigm that is still patriarchal at its roots. Thankfully, the world is evolving, this outdated paradigm is crumbling, and forms of censorship such as this are becoming unacceptable to the wider public.” McCall says that it was May's deliberate choice to display the pubic hair that is so often waxed, trimmed, Naired, or Photoshopped out of existence.
Since the painting's removal, McCall launched a Twitter campaign asking supporters of the work to tweet at @mallgalleries using the hashtag #eroticcensorship. Partly as a result of the outcry, the painting will be re-hung at the Leyden Gallery in London, where it will be on display until July 26. Let's hope no children or “vulnerable adults” visit. And next time you're watching an onscreen sex scene without any pubic hair, it's worth asking what, exactly, we're so afraid of.
Two advocates targeting fur industry caused hundreds of thousands of dollars in damages to homes and businesses in cross-country trips, authorities say
Two animal rights activists have been charged with terrorizing the fur industry during cross-country road trips in which they released about 5,740 mink from farms and vandalized the homes and businesses of industry members, the FBI said on Friday.
The FBI's Joint Terrorism Task Force arrested Joseph Brian Buddenberg, 31, and Nicole Juanita Kissane, 28, both of Oakland, California, and federal prosecutors charged them with conspiracy to violate the Animal Enterprise Terrorism Act.
A federal grand jury indictment unsealed on Friday said the two caused hundreds of thousands of dollars in damages during 40,000 miles of cross-country trips over the summer and into the fall of 2013.
“Whatever your feelings about the fur industry, there are legal ways to make your opinions known,” US attorney Laura Duffy said in a statement. “The conduct alleged here, sneaking around at night, stealing property and vandalizing homes and businesses with acid, glue, and chemicals, is a form of domestic terrorism and can't be permitted to continue.”
Buddenberg and Kissane allegedly sneaked on to farms in Idaho, Iowa, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin and Minnesota and freed mink and destroyed breeding records. In one case, they released a bobcat from a farm in Montana, according to the FBI.
They allegedly slashed vehicles' tires, glued businesses' locks or smashed windows, vandalizing property in San Diego, Spring Valley and La Mesa, California. They are also charged with vandalizing and attempting to flood the Sun Prairie, Wisconsin, home of an employee of the North American Fur Auctions.
The indictment states that they covered their tracks by avoiding phones or logging into known online accounts and email. Instead, they used public internet computers and encrypted email and cash for purchases while travelling. They would allegedly withdraw hundreds of dollars while back home in the San Francisco Bay Area before another trip.
The FBI states that they drafted communiques and posted them online to publicize their actions on websites associated with “animal rights extremists”.
If convicted, they each face a maximum of 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine.
Scientists have found that six polymer alternatives to DNA can pass on genetic information, and have evolved one type to specifically bind target molecules.1 They say that their work reveals both broader chemical possibilities for these key life functions and provides a powerful tool for nanotechnology and medicine.
'There is no overwhelming functional imperative for life to be based on DNA or RNA,' says Phil Holliger from the MRC Laboratory of Molecular Biology in Cambridge, UK, who led the team. 'Other polymers can perform these functions, at least at a basic level.' Holliger's team's xeno-nucleic acid (XNA) polymers each replace DNA's ribofuranose sugar ring with six other cyclic structures that can still form helical chains and base pairings. But rather than using relatively inefficient chemical synthesis, the scientists wanted to exploit polymerase and reverse transcriptase enzymes to copy genetic information from DNA templates to XNAs. In living organisms, polymerases can make RNA from nucleotide monomers using existing DNA strands as templates. Reverse transcriptases can then create a copy of the original DNA strand from that RNA in the same way.
Yet those processes don't normally work with the kind of unnatural nucleotides the team used. Consequently, MRC scientist Vitor Pinheiro first mutated and then selected polymerase enzymes that best processed 1,5-anhydrohexitol nucleic acid (HNA) and cyclohexenyl nucleic acid (CeNA) nucleotide trisphosphates. As well as isolating an enzyme that would make long enough polymers with all six XNA types to encode genetic information, they similarly engineered reverse transcriptases. Together the enzymes could accurately replicate genetic information from DNA to XNA and back, but with enough copying mistakes for functions to evolve. 'For the best ones it's 99% accurate or better,' Holliger tells Chemistry World. 'You really don't need more than that.'
Repeated replication cycles were then used to evolve potent HNA aptamers, molecules that could act as drugs by recognising and binding to specific targets. In one example, starting from structures similar to DNA and RNA aptamers for HIV trans-activating response RNA (TAR), the team isolated HNAs that might be able to target HIV. These HNAs were then converted to DNA and back again, selecting for affinity to TAR over eight rounds of evolution, after which common genetic motifs emerged. 'Aptamers have the potential to rival antibodies in some clinical settings if we can get the properties right,' Holliger explains. 'This technology certainly has the potential to do that.'
Steven Benner, director of the Westheimer Institute at the Foundation for Applied Molecular Evolution in the US, notes that replacing DNA's sugar ring complements their team's introduction of non-standard nucleotide bases.2 'Together, these two classes of artificial chemical systems capable of heredity and evolution represents an expansion of our theories relating to the structure of molecules and the phenomenon of genetics,' they comment. 'It is relevant to biotechnology here on Earth as well as the possible forms that life might take throughout the cosmos.'
Jack Szostak, who investigates processes that allowed early chemical and biological evolution on the Earth at Harvard University, US, calls Holliger's team's work 'very exciting'. 'This is very interesting with respect to the origin of life,' they say. 'In principle, many different polymers could serve the roles of RNA and DNA in living organisms. Why then does modern biology use only RNA and DNA? The answer probably lies in two "filters". First, only some nucleic acids could actually be made on the early Earth. Second, of those polymers that actually could be made, some may have been functionally superior to others in terms of ease or accuracy of replication, or ability to generate catalytic folded structures.'
Andy Extance
CLOSE Defense Secretary Ash Carter is considering changes to military enlistment standards and might also increase retention benefits. Video provided by Newsy Newslook
Defense Secretary Ashton Carter plans to push a series of retirement proposals, including a 401(k)-style pension plan, for troops. (Photo11: H. Darr Beiser, USA TODAY)
WASHINGTON — Defense Secretary Ashton Carter plans to push a series of proposals, including a 401(k)-style pension plan and incentives for cyber warriors, aimed at attracting and retaining troops with the skills needed to fight modern wars.
Carter, who took office last month, intends to move quickly to enact changes before the Obama administration leaves the White House in early 2017, according to a senior aide who was not authorized to speak publicly. Carter has identified building a new force capable of dealing with new threats and retaining top performers as a key priority.
Carter is scheduled to address a number of issues regarding military personnel during a two-day trip starting Monday to Pennsylvania and New York. He's scheduled to speak at their old high school in Philadelphia and to address soldiers and students in New York.
An outline of the proposals was provided by a second senior Defense Department official who was not authorized to speak about them because they haven't been announced.
Among the initiatives:
• Modernizing retirement pay. The vast majority of troops, including those called on to do most of the fighting, would get a 401(k)-style retirement account. To qualify for a pension, troops must serve 20 years in uniform. The majority of troops serve fewer years, many of them enlisted soldiers and Marines, and they qualify for no retirement benefits.
"About 83% leave with absolutely nothing," said Todd Harrison, a military budget expert at the Center for Strategic and Budgetary Assessments. "That's especially true when you think about the people who have actually been fighting the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq."
Defense Secretary Ashton Carter, R, and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Gen. Martin Dempsey enter a hearing room to testify before the House Armed Services Committe in Washington, D.C. on March 18, 2015. (Photo11: Allison Shelley, Getty Images)
A recent report by a military compensation commission recommended a 401(k)-style plan that would create retirement accounts for all troops. Creating incentives for young people to join the military makes sense as they form the backbone of the fighting force, Harrison said.
"What you need on the battlefield are young, 20-year-olds in peak physical condition," Harrison said. "People who are ready, willing and able to live in hostile environments to serve their country. We don't need large numbers of people staying in the military for 20 years or more."
• Recruiting a new cyberspace force. The Pentagon is building a force of 6,200 personnel, military and civilian, for its cyber mission. It has about half that many people now. It plans to have 133 teams across the services by 2018, according to the senior official. Another 2,000 reservists and National Guardsmen would be on standby for crises and to help defend critical infrastructure.
Finding people with the right high-tech skills requires looking beyond the pool of traditional recruits, the official said. Carter is looking at waiving age limits for cyber recruits and student-loan forgiveness for those with special skills.
• Allowing mid-career breaks. The plans would allow troops to have mid-career breaks for school or family. Carter is considering allowing sabbaticals for troops to return to college, the official said. They could take a break from service to earn degrees or enhance their qualifications and return to the military, picking up where they left. The same break in service could be allowed for troops who want to start raising a family, the official said.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1Co3RcW
Fake Food and Counterfeit Liquor are on the rise.
Is it possible that you might be at risk of consuming fake food or counterfeit liquor? Yes, in fact you may have eaten or drank it already. From December 2017 to March 2017 authorities seized over 9,800 tons of fake food and 26.4 million liters of counterfeit drink. These seizures took place during 50,000 checks at shops, markets, airports, seaports and industrial estates in 61 different countries. According to Interpol it seems to be the workings of organized crime rackets.
It seems that the new victim for organized crime is your appetite.
The most seized product was counterfeit alcohol. The runners-up after fake liquor are meat and seafood. You have to wonder when you are at a barbeque if this hot dog is actually a dog. When you drank a beer and said to a friend that “it taste like piss,” you may have been on to something.
Operation Opson to the rescue.
This operation led by Interpol was assisted by police, customs, food regulatory agencies from all over the world and the private sector. That powerful combination led to $264 million worth of fake food and fake drink taken off of the marketplace before consumers could have been harmed.
What is alarming that although Interpol and other agencies have thwarted the plan of organized crime food fraud rackets, there may be a good remaining portion on the streets. This means that you may be at risk when you have a cold one or a nice warm meal. Officials from Interpol have encouraged the public to remain vigilant as some fake food and fake drink may still be in circulation.
Furthermore, there may be new trends of fraudulent food and fake drink out there that could have been undetected during the seizures. For example, there was a discovery of counterfeit mineral water in this operation. In addition to unregulated food and fake drink, what were also recovered among what was seized were falsified medicines for cancer, HIV and diabetes. This is outrageous. Blends of different oils were passed off as natural olive oil. Fat burning pills which if consumed would have burned your life with a stroke or a heart attack was intended to be sold to anyone.
Below are the countries where activities were recorded along with their findings of fraudulent food and counterfeit liquor (not all are mentioned):
Rwanda: Fake whiskey and more.
Nigeria: Fake champagne.
Argentina: Killer fat burning pills.
Peru: Expired food, drinks, and preparation substances stored in a rat infested storage unit.
Indonesia: Fake condiments stored in an unsanitary location.
Italy: Fake wine
Russia: Substandard alcohol using faked federal stamps.
The fact that tons of phony goods equaling millions of dollars were intercepted by authorities all over the globe, a massive amount could be in circulation undetected. Moreover, with these findings of fraud world wide, the possibilities of these fake goods hopping in to your grocery bag are extremely high. It doesn't matter whether you are in America or Africa or anywhere in between, get a taste tester. Now come on, let's eat.
Follow @issuejab
Don't forget to check this site regularly to read the new content we post. We will most likely post something new in a month or possibly before. Make sure you click the word issue jab on the top left corner of this website to be navigated to our home page so you can read our latest article and read what you may have missed.
Source:
https://www.interpol.int/News-and-media/News/2017/N2017-052
Greg Zlotnick, a board member of the Association of California Water Agencies, said that the managers feared that the data could be marshaled to someone else's advantage in California's tug of war over scarce water supplies.
“There's a lot of paranoia about policy wonks saying, ‘We've got to regulate the heck out of you,' ” they said.
There are other sensitivities in arid regions around the world where groundwater basins are often shared by unfriendly neighbors — India and Pakistan, Tunisia and Libya or Israel, Jordan, Lebanon, Syria and the Palestinian territories — that are prone to suspecting one another of excessive use of this shared resource.
Water politics was hardly on Dr. Famiglietti's mind when they first heard about Grace. In 1992, applying for a job at the University of Texas, they were interviewed by Clark R. Wilson, a geophysicist there who described a planned experiment to measure variations in Earth's gravitational field.
Photo
“I walked into their office and they pulled out a piece of paper saying: I'm trying to figure out how distribution of water makes the Earth wobble,” said Dr. Famiglietti. “This was 1992. I was blown away. I instantly fell in love with the guy. I said, ‘This is unbelievable, this is amazing, it opens up this whole area.' ”
Back then the Grace experiment was still waiting in a queue of NASA projects. But they and Matt Rodell, a Ph.D. candidate under their supervision, threw themselves into investigating whether Grace would work, a so-called “proof of concept” exercise that turned out to show that Grace data was reliable and could support groundwater studies.
“It was a wide-open field we came into,” said Dr. Rodell, now a researcher at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center. “We were like kids in a candy store. There was so much to be done.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
When Grace was conceived by a group of scientists led by Byron D. Tapley, the director of the Center for Space Research at the University of Texas, it was the darling of geodesists, who study variations in the Earth's size, shape and rotational axis. Climate scientists also were keenly interested in using it to study melting of ice sheets, but hydrologists paid scant attention at first.
But, Dr. Wilson recalled, “Jay jumped on the problem.”
Ten years later, the two satellites were launched from the Russian space facility at Plesetsk on the back of a used intercontinental ballistic missile in a collaboration between NASA and the German Aerospace Center and began streaming the gravity data back to Earth.
Acquiring the data for general research purposes would have been impossible before the end of the cold war because maps indicating the normal wiggles in Earth's gravitational field were used for targeting long-range missiles and were therefore classified.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
For decades, groundwater measurements in the United States had been made from points on the Earth's surface — by taking real-time soundings at 1,383 of the United States Geological Survey's observation wells and daily readings at 5,908 others. Those readings are supplemented by measuring water levels in hundreds of thousands of other wells, trenches and excavations.
The two satellites, each the size of a small car, travel in polar orbits about 135 miles apart. Each bombards the other with microwaves calibrating the distance between them down to intervals of less than the width of a human hair.
If the mass below the path of the leading satellite increases — because, say, the lower Mississippi basin is waterlogged — that satellite speeds up, and the distance between the two grows. Then the mass tugs on both, and the distance shortens. It increases again as the forward satellite moves out of range while the trailing satellite is held back.
The measurements of the distance between the craft translate to a measurement of surface mass in any given region. The data is beautifully simple, Dr. Famiglietti said. From one moment to the next, “it gives you just one number,” they said. “It's like getting on a scale.”
Photo
Separating groundwater from other kinds of moisture affecting gravity requires a little calculation and the inclusion of information on precipitation and surface runoff obtained from surface studies or computer models.
Grace data, like the information in a corresponding visual image, has its limits. Gravitational data gets sparser as the area examined gets smaller, and in areas smaller than 75,000 square miles it gets more difficult to reach conclusions about groundwater supplies. Most aquifers are far smaller than that — California's 22,000-square-mile Central Valley overlies several different groundwater basins, for example.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Dr. Famiglietti was able to calculate the overall drawdown of groundwater and to indicate that the problem was most severe in the southern region around the city of Tulare, for example, but the data was far too sparse to make statements about, say, the Kings River Water Conservation District, which measures about 1,875 square miles.
Grace “gives a large picture,” said Felix Landerer, a hydrologist at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, whereas a water manager has a couple of wells to monitor in a given district. “It's difficult and not intuitive and not straightforward to bring these things together.”
In other areas of the world, like northern India, the novelty of the gravitational measurements — and perhaps the story they tell — has led to pushback, scientists say.
“It is odd, if you're a hydrologist, especially a traditional hydrologist, to imagine a satellite up in the air that determines groundwater” supply levels, said John Wahr, a geophysicist at the University of Colorado.
Like Dr. Famiglietti and Dr. Rodell, Dr. Wahr and their colleague Sean Swenson faced opposition for a study on aquifer depletion in northern India. As Dr. Swenson explained, “When in a place like India you say, ‘We're doing something that is unsustainable and needs to change,' well, people resist change. Change is expensive.”
While Dr. Famiglietti says they want no part of water politics, they acknowledged that this might be hard to avoid, given that their role is to make sure the best data about groundwater is available, harvesting and disseminating all of the information they can about the Earth's water supply as aquifers dry up and shortages loom.
“Look, water has been a resource that has been plentiful,” they said. “But now we've got climate change, we've got population growth, we've got widespread groundwater contamination, we've got satellites showing us we are depleting some of this stuff.
“I think we've taken it for granted, and we are probably not able to do that any more.”
In a major concession to critics of the Stop Online Piracy Act (SOPA), House Judiciary Chairman Lamar Smith (R-Texas) said Friday they will drop a controversial provision that would have required Internet providers to block infringing websites.
“After consultation with industry groups across the country, I feel we should remove Domain Name System blocking from the Stop Online Piracy Act so that the committee can further examine the issues surrounding this provision," Smith said in a statement. "We will continue to look for ways to ensure that foreign websites cannot sell and distribute illegal content to U.S. consumers."
ADVERTISEMENT
SOPA is designed to block foreign websites that offer illegal copies of music, movies and TV shows with impunity. Even without the provision allowing sites to be blocked, the bill would empower the Justice Department and copyright holders to demand that search engines delete links to sites “dedicated” to copyright infringement. Ad networks and payment processors would be prohibited from doing business with the sites.
The bill has sparked a backlash from Internet freedom advocates and Web companies, including Google, Yahoo and Facebook, who say it would stifle innovation and suppress free speech.
The provision that would have required Internet providers to block infringing websites was one of the most controversial aspects of the bill. Google Chairman Eric Schmidt compared the provision to how China censors political speech online.
In their statement, Smith emphasized that their bill targets foreign websites.
“Current law protects the rights of American innovators by prohibiting the illegal sale and distribution of their products by domestic websites," they said. "But there is no equivalent protection for American companies from foreign online criminals who steal and sell American goods to consumers around the world. Congress must address the widespread problem of online theft of America's technology and products from foreign thieves."
The move by Smith follows Sen. Patrick Leahy Patrick Joseph LeahySenate plots to avoid fall shutdown brawl Booker wins 2020 endorsement of every New Jersey Democrat in Congress The Hill's Morning Report - Can Bernie recapture 2016 magic? MORE's (D-Vt.) announcement on Thursday that they are open to changes to the site-blocking provision in the Senate version of the bill, the Protect IP Act.
Sen. Ron Wyden Ronald (Ron) Lee WydenSenate reignites blue slip war over Trump court picks Overnight Health Care — Presented by National Taxpayers Union — Top Dems call for end to Medicaid work rules | Chamber launching ad blitz against Trump drug plan | Google offers help to dispose of opioids Top Dems call for end to Medicaid work rules after 18,000 lose coverage in Arkansas MORE (D-Ore.), one of the most outspoken opponents of the legislation, called Leahy's announcement "welcome news," but said they still plan to try to block the bill from coming to a vote.
They said that even without the site-blocking provision, the bill would threaten "speech, innovation, and the future of the American economy."
House Oversight Committee Chairman Darrell Issa (R-Calif.), also a leading critic of the piracy legislation, has scheduled a hearing for Jan. 18 to examine the consequences of the bill's Domain Name System and search engine blocking provisions. The hearing will feature testimony from the bill's critics, including representatives from the American Civil Liberties Union and Reddit, a Web forum that has rallied opposition.
—This story was updated at 5:11 p.m.
In the first years of the millennium, tabbed web browsing became the norm. Overnight, browsing habits changed. Instead of struggling to manage multiple windows, users could open a dozen or more pages while researching. By contrast, eight years later, KDE's fourth release series added tabs to all windows on the desktop — instead of just in Konsole — but most users have yet to discover this useful item.
Part of the reason for the obscurity may be that, until recently, tabbed windows were supported only by Oxygen widgets; change the widgets in the System Settings > Application Appearance > Style, and the feature disappeared.
The good news is that In the most recent release, tabbed windows are independent of the widget style. The bad news, though, is that the feature is still hidden in the window menu on the left side of the title bar. From the window menu, you only need to choose to click Apply as tab to to attach the current window to any other open one, but, unfortunately, many users never venture into anywhere near the menu, which leaves tabbed windows imprisoned in obscurity.
The main advantages to tabbed windows are similar to those for tabbed browsers: you have fewer windows open on the desktop, and you can arrange the applications you are using so that they are a single click away. For example, in writing an article, I frequently have opened a text editor, several web pages, and a graphics editor for taking screen shots. Instead of fumbling back and forth between them, with tabbed windows, I know exactly where they are and can move between them without hesitation and without disturbing my thoughts.
Of course, KDE's tabbed windows suffer some of the same disadvantages as tabbed browsers. For example, if you include more than half a dozen tabs in the same windows, their labels are shortened into unreadability, eliminating much of their advantage. Nor are there plugins such as colored tabs to group tabs.
In addition, the tabs cannot be moved, which means that putting them in a particular order takes some planning. Personally, too, the ability to save collections of tabs would be handy, since I frequently use the same ones together.
Still, having tabbed windows, even in basic forms, is one of those innovations that KDE specializes in, such as Activities and special effects. They are a simple concept, but they eliminate some major distractions when you want to concentrate.
Cover image: Agenda by Virginia Mol for Morguefile.com
Photo: The Howard Stern Show
There are endless sites to see in this world and that's precisely what Stern Show staffer JD Harmeyer is doing as of late. They told Howard about the trip they and their fiancée took over the break, aboard a cruise ship bound for Canada.
Both Howard and Robin were surprised to learn JD did something so active during their time off, especially considering how horribly wrong their recent camping trip went, but they explained he's trying to be more adventurous these days.
“I'm looking to experience things,” JD told them.
The three-day trip out on the Atlantic gave JD plenty of time to wander around the ship and participate in several of the ship's activities, including playing skee-ball in the arcade, gambling in the casino, and sitting on their personal deck outside their cabin, taking in the sites at sea.
The ship also offered a variety of restaurants but JD revealed they had their breakfast delivered directly to their room in the morning. However, JD was unable to enjoy one of their favorite pastimes while cruising.
“The TV was not all that great. It was like a couple stations,” they said.
While stopping in the New Brunswick city of Saint John, JD said they ate some of their world-famous lobster. “When you stop, you get off and you walk around,” JD explained of their first excursion.
They also dropped anchor in Nova Scotia where JD snapped some pics of the local scenery. “And then Halifax, we took a bus up to this place called Peggy's Cove which is really nice,” they told Howard.
Check out some of JD's Instagram photos from their trip (below).
Peggy's Cove A post shared by JD Harmeyer (@jdharmeyer) on Sep 2, 2017 at 4:46am PDT
• Rooney has no case to answer, says Football Association • Manchester United striker seen to elbow Wigan midfielder
Wayne Rooney will face no disciplinary action for their elbow on Wigan Athletic's James McCarthy at the DW Stadium on Saturday.
The FA spoke to the referee, Mark Clattenburg, this morning and they said they saw the incident and was satisfied that they dealt with it appropriately at the time.
Any ban would have ruled Rooney out of Tuesday's Premier League match against Chelsea, Sunday's meeting with Liverpool and the FA Cup quarter-final tie against either Leyton Orient or Arsenal.
However, the Chelsea manager Carlo Ancelotti said they had no problems with Rooney playing tomorrow. "If these are the rules, and the FA decided this, I am happy to play against Rooney," they said.
Television replays apparently showed Rooney swipe McCarthy on the back of their head with an elbow after the midfielder had appeared set to block the Manchester United striker's run.
At the time Clattenburg awarded a free-kick. Their opinion that they dealt with the incident at the time leaves the governing body, under its own legislation, powerless to launch disciplinary proceedings against the 25-year-old.
Clattenburg has been offered support by Mike Riley, the general manager of Professional Game Match Officials.
"Mark took the correct course of action with this incident," Riley said. "Match officials are trained to prioritise following the ball, as that's where the greater majority of incidents are going to take place.
"However, we also do a lot of work around the area of peripheral vision to be aware of anything that might potentially happen off-the-ball.
"In this incident Mark was following play but caught sight of two players coming together and they awarded a free kick because they believed one player had impeded the other.
"We should be clear that Mark did nothing wrong in officiating this incident as they acted on what they saw on the pitch."
A University of Toronto Arts and Sciences class has found a way to bring the history of Kensington Market to our fingertips through an augmented-reality app.
The app, called "Toronto Kensington Market Hidden Histories," guides users through a tour of key locations in the historic downtown neighbourhood. The students created it as part of a school project.
The project was spearheaded by Professor Siobhan O'Flynn, a lecturer in Canadian Studies at U of T. They decided that getting their students to create an app would be a better way to build the bridge between modern technology and history.
"We were particularly interested in working with digital technology in new ways. Augmented reality just seems like the ideal way to bring history to life," O'Flynn told CBC Toronto.
The app displays archival video and digital content for 12 points of interest at 11 locations in and around the market. The locations are displayed on a 3-D map and when users approach the locations, they hold their camera phones up to the building or site identified through the app.
Natalie Simonian demonstrates how the app recognizes visual markers of specific sites in Kensington to trigger information about that site or building. (Peter Valkov/CBC)
Then, the app identifies a visual marker of the building and that will trigger a mini doc and timeline to pop up over the live building on the screen with historical information about the building itself.
A new type of learning
"The market has so much history here," O'Flynn said.
"It's a place that's really familiar to a lot of the university students. It just felt like the ideal way to then make visible a lot of the history and cultural heritage of what's happened in the market that you have no idea about when you walk through and you look at the buildings."
As part of the course, students did research, interviewed residents and store owners, and uncovered archival documents to learn more about the history of Kensington Market.
They went through tax and property records to learn about more about neighbourhood's history.
Natalie Simonian (left) and Siobhan O'Flynn play with the 'Toronto Kensington Market Hidden Histories' augmented reality app created through O'Flynn's Digital Tools in Canadian Context course at the University of Toronto. (Peter Valkov/CBC)
Natalie Simonian took the course as a break from their science-heavy degree. The third-year student in physiology, health and disease says the app presents a new perspective on Toronto that visitors and locals alike might not recognize.
"A lot of people when they come to Toronto just for visiting or people who just live here, they come and they see the lot of the things that are new and that have just appeared," Simonian said. "But a lot of people don't know the history behind all the buildings they see around them."
Bringing history back to reality
O'Flynn says they hoped the project would help students engage in original research while also giving them an opportunity to have a project that would hold a lasting legacy beyond the lifespan of the course.
Along with the app, there is an online interactive map of the Kensington area on the project's website, featuring more than 30 other locations.
The app is currently available on Android and Google Play and O'Flynn hopes to introduce the app to iOS in the future.
To a girl of 15, the Old Bailey can be intimidating at the best of times. To me, it was utterly terrifying. As the victim of a paedophile ring, I had been taken there so that I could familiarise myself with the court's layout.
In a few months, I would be there for real, telling jurors the story of my lost childhood and praying they would believe me.
Two of my abusers had already threatened to kill me. Even in the court, I feared no one could stop these depraved men, all in their 30s, from leaping out to attack me as I gave evidence against them. The court guide assured me I would be safe, but nothing was going to allay my fears entirely.
Since the age of 13, when a man called Mohammed Karrar had stopped to talk to them in Oxford, Lara had been living through the kind of nightmare no child could hope to come through unscathed (stock image)
Since the age of 13, when a man called Mohammed Karrar had stopped to talk to me in Oxford, I had been living through the kind of nightmare no child could hope to come through unscathed.
On the surface, I probably seemed an unlikely target for a paedophile ring. I had a loving mother, Elizabeth, and a comfortable middle-class home near the centre of Oxford. Elizabeth was my adoptive mother, however; they had taken me on when I was ten, and already a troubled child.
My parents had been feckless and uncaring; there were constant arguments, violence and danger. When I was five, social workers gave me to the first of a bewildering number of foster parents, none of whom got me the help I obviously needed.
Men who exploit children have a way of sniffing out the most vulnerable, and I was an easy victim. For months, Mohammed posed as a caring friend. One night, they finally persuaded me to try crack cocaine.
Then they had me. To pay them back for the drugs, they said I would have to have sex with men they invited to their grubby crack den. They slapped me around, threatening to kill my mum and Snowy, my dog. So I did as I was told. Whenever Mohammed called or texted, I tried to engineer rows with Mum so I could storm out. In my 13-year-old mind, I had no choice: if I didn't go, they would come for me.
Mohammed was selling me for £250 to paedophiles from all over the country. They came in, sat down and started touching me.
If I recoiled, Mohammed would feed me more crack so I could close my eyes and drift away. I was a husk, dead on the inside.
One day, Mohammed told me: ‘Get on a train at 7.45 and go to Paddington station in London. Make sure you're outside the McDonald's there at 9.30.'
The judge told Mohammed they would have to serve a minimum of 20 years. Because the defendants were Muslim, the case had opened sensitive issues about race and religion.
So they would recognise me, the man I was to meet had been sent my photo. I found myself standing nervously in the busy station, waiting for the stranger who was going to abuse me. Finally, a man in their 40s sidled up to me. Slightly overweight, they wore glasses and was clean-shaven.
Going home, I told myself it hadn't been so bad — they were polite and hadn't been violent. That was how warped my perceptions had become.
The London trips became regular. Sometimes, I would be passed from one pervert to another. In Oxford, many of my abusers were of Asian origin; these men were Mediterranean, black or Arab.
Mum had no idea what was going on, though they were convinced an older man was involved. They kept trying to alert anyone who would listen; police, the local authority, politicians. No one seemed to know what to do.
Finally, social services took action but on entirely the wrong premise. They assumed the problem lay in the relationship between Mum and me, and so catapulted me back into the care system.
This solved nothing: I would be in residential units for weeks, but Mohammed always found out when I was back. They drove me around the country, the first time to a house in the North-West.
About 20 mostly Asian, Arab and black men were having a barbecue. I was told to sit next to three underage girls but not speak to them. They, too, were in short skirts and plastered in make-up. We were there to be sold.
After that came barbecues in other parts of the country. Most of the time, I was too out of my head to comprehend the scale of it all.
One man raped me in a seedy hotel room and beat me so badly I thought I was going to die. I later discovered they were Mohammed's brother. I escaped by running into the road, clad only in a towel. The police were called and when Mum arrived, I collapsed into their arms.
From then on, they redoubled their efforts to stop me disappearing, but I always found a way. Each time, I'd come home broken. They tried to get me to tell them what was happening, and sometimes I nearly did. Then I'd fall asleep and dream of faceless men.
Lara was forced to travel all over the country to meet men, one of which raped them in a hotel room and beat them so badly they thought they were going to die (stock image)
In search of comfort, I drifted into a relationship with a security guard in their 30s and in January 2008, I fell pregnant. I don't know to this day if they are the father.
Mum said they would support me whatever I decided. I hoped my pregnancy might stop Mohammed contacting me, and for a while, it did. My mixed-race son, Noah, was born on August 29, 2008, and they were the most beautiful thing I had ever seen.
A couple of months later Mohammed called and it started again: the men, the threats, the drugs. I would never be allowed to leave: I knew too much. It took a heroin overdose to finally break me.
I had always told Mohammed it was a drug I would never try, yet they stabbed me with a full needle. I blacked out and ended up in hospital. ‘You're lucky to be alive,' I was told, ‘your heart stopped.' I realised Mohammed may actually have been trying to kill me.
Heroically, Mum suggested moving to another part of the country, even though their work and friends were in Oxford. The final straw came when Mohammed noticed our For Sale sign and called to say: ‘You're going to die but, before you do, I'm going to cut your baby's head off and send it to you in a suitcase.'
I went to the kitchen, where Mum was feeding Noah. ‘I want it to stop,' I said.
For the first time, we went to the police together and I told them Mohammed was threatening and harassing me. They acted quickly, hauling them in and telling them never to contact me again.
If I had stayed in Oxford, I would either have killed myself or been killed. As it was, Mum and I found a new home in a South-West town. After nearly four years as a sex slave, freedom felt strange. Gradually, I learned to be a proper mother to Noah and a better daughter to Mum.
Then, at the start of 2012, Thames Valley Police asked to see me. They had been conducting a long-overdue investigation into sexual exploitation of young girls and wanted a chat. I told them everything, and by the end of March, Mohammed and their gang were in custody. Unbeknown to me, five other girls were telling police the same story.
TOLL OF EVIL There were more than 23,000 recorded cases of sexual abuse against children in the UK last year
Suddenly, I was petrified. What if the case was dropped or the men acquitted? I began having panic attacks. In court, I was shaking and felt nauseous, but as I gave my evidence I could feel a weight lifting. At certain points, there were gasps from the jury; I even saw one man crying.
Mohammed's defence was laughable: they claimed I'd forced them to take drugs and have sex with me. Their barrister, a woman, implied I was a racist because all the defendants were Muslim. Of the men in the dock, my evidence directly related to five. One was convicted of two counts of sexual activity with a child (not me). The others were found guilty of rape, child prostitution and other serious charges.
I was in court to see the judge pass life sentences on Mohammed Karrar, 38; Bassam Karrar, 33; Akhtar Dogar, 32; and Anjum Dogar, 31. The judge told Mohammed they would have to serve a minimum of 20 years. Because the defendants were Muslim, the case had opened sensitive issues about race and religion. My view is clear: they behaved that way because of differences in how they viewed women.
Statistically, there are more white paedophiles but the structured gang set-up seems to be associated with a certain section of Muslim men. I think that stems from a lack of respect for women.
After the trial, a two-year study into sexual exploitation carried out by the Children's Commissioner reported that several thousand more children were still at risk from paedophile rings.
Once it was over, I began to understand the psychological control the gang had had over me. Until then, I had thought what happened was my fault.
It is only now I see how badly social services let me down. They left me with violent and alcoholic parents for too long, and sent me to inappropriate foster placements. Then, when Mum frantically appealed to them again and again for help, no one seemed to want to take control.
Councils are now re-evaluating how they deal with children who display signs of being exploited. Changes cannot come too soon.
I now work in a care home. I love the job and the sense of worth it gives me. I'm not ready for a relationship (I can't bear to be touched), so I doubt I will marry.
I am mostly positive about the future. My priority is work and Noah: I want them to be proud of me. I am determined to give them a far better start in life than mine.
One odd thing about the Republican presidential race is that the strong front-runner, Donald Trump, isn't fundraising.
Soliciting contributions takes a huge amount of the time for most candidates, and the quarterly reports of how much they have raised and how much cash they have on hand become carefully-watched measures of their campaigns' viability. None of that applies to Trump.
So the new fundraising reports for the third quarter that have been the talk of the political world for the last few days have an odd also-ran feel to them.
Related Story: http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/article/2574118/
Of the candidates who are raising money, the winner is Ben Carson, who collected $20 million in the third quarter. After Carson is Jeb Bush, who raised $13.4 million; Ted Cruz, with $12.2 million, Carly Fiorina, with $6.8 million; and Marco Rubio, with $5.7 million.* (The rest raised less than that.)
When Bush announced their total Thursday afternoon, their campaign immediately started a spat with Rubio over who had the better quarter. In an email memo accompanying the Bush announcement, campaign manager Danny Diaz noted that Bush's total was "double what Sen. Rubio and Carly Fiorina raised in the same time."
Six minutes later, the Rubio campaign sent out an email boasting that it finished the quarter "with more money in the bank than Jeb Bush for President and most other campaigns." It's true. Rubio reported having $10,975,988.78 in ready cash — yes, they included the pennies — while Bush had $10,271,229.
For those concerned that Bush had blown too much of their money on a bloated staff and private planes, Diaz noted that Bush's big expenditures were "substantial investments in data and grassroots operations across the February and March states, as well as paid advertising in New Hampshire."
For their part, Rubio stressed frugality. "The campaign bought office furniture from Craigslist, took over 300 UberX rides, and traveled on budget airlines including Frontier, Southwest, Jet Blue and Spirit," the Rubio note said.
It's all intended to reassure nervous donors that their money is being well spent. And Rubio has gone farther, with leaks that they might soon receive big money from mega-donor Sheldon Adelson and some top New York contributors.
The Bush-Rubio dustup is a fight between the fifth-place and the sixth-place candidates in the polls in Iowa, or, looked at another way, between the fourth-place and the fifth-place candidates in New Hampshire, or between the fourth-place and the sixth-place candidates in South Carolina, all according to the RealClearPolitics average of polls.
The first-place candidate in all those places is the guy who isn't fundraising, Trump. And these days Trump is looking stronger and stronger.
They first took the lead in the RCP national poll average on July 20, so next week will mean three full months at the top. And Trump is far ahead of the two squabbling candidates, Bush and Rubio, in the early-voting states:
1) In Iowa, Trump is up by 17 over Bush, and 18 over Rubio, according to the most recent poll, by the Wall Street Journal.
2) In New Hampshire, Trump is up by 10 over Bush and 11 over Rubio, according to the Journal.
3) In South Carolina, Trump is up by 25 over Rubio and 30 over Bush in a brand-new CNN poll.
4) In Nevada, Trump is up by 31 over Rubio and 32 over Bush, according to CNN.
Both the Bush and the Rubio campaigns are motivated by an unshakeable conviction that Trump will eventually decline. That conviction is shared by most political insiders. Perhaps it is correct, although each day forces those insiders to adjust their estimate of how long Trump can stay aloft.
In the meantime, the would-be frontrunners, Jeb and Marco, are reduced to bragging about flying commercial and taking UberX. The donors will apparently be pleased.
But it won't solve Bush's and Rubio's problem. At the moment, Trump is leading because they seem big and they seem small. More voters believe Trump will be a stronger leader than either Bush or Rubio. Trump's put-downs of both men — that Bush is "low energy" and that Rubio is a "little boy" — are outrageous but effective ways of reinforcing voter concerns that Bush doesn't have the drive to be president and Rubio doesn't have the maturity.
There's still time for those perceptions to change. But for the moment, Bush and Rubio are fighting over who has the resources to stay alive until Trump begins to fade -- if that ever happens.
*Note: A week before the fundraising filings were due, Team Rubio leaked that they had raised $6 million, leading to a number of "Rubio raises $6 million" headlines. When the papers were formally filed, it turned out Rubio had actually raised $5.7 million.
For readers interested in an Obamacare column this week, please refer to the 40,000 columns I've written on the subject from 2008 to last week.
This one's about AMC's smash TV series “Breaking Bad” – the most Christian Hollywood production since Mel Gibson's “The Passion of the Christ.” (Not surprisingly, both were big hits!)
It may seem counterintuitive that a TV show about a meth cook could have a conservative theme, much less a Christian one, but that's because people think Christian movies are supposed to have camels – or a “Little House on the Prairie” cast. READ THE BIBLE! It's chockablock with gore, incest, jealousy, murder, love and hate.
Because the Bible tells the truth, the lessons are eternal – which also marks the difference between great literature and passing amusements. Recall that even Jesus usually made their points with stories.
The sweet, soulful druggie on “Breaking Bad,” Jesse Pinkman, illustrates – heartbreakingly – the monumental importance of the cross. Believing they are responsible for their girlfriend Jane's death by overdose, Jesse goes to some godless hippie rehab center. Naturally, they are still unable to forgive himself.
Perfectly rationally, they conclude: “I learned it in rehab. It's all about accepting who you really are. I accept who I am. … I'm the bad guy.” They return to cooking meth. Mayhem, murder and disaster ensue.
There's only one thing in the world that ever could have allowed Jesse to forgive himself: The understanding that God sent their only son to die for Jesse's sins, no matter how abominable. To not forgive themselves after that would be an insult to God, dismissing what Jesus did on the cross as not such a big deal.
The meth cook's wife, Skyler, illustrates why Scripture instructs us to flee evil and admonishes: “You shall have no other gods before me.” When Skyler discovers their husband is a meth cook, they stay with him, despite hating them for what he's done. Eventually they become their partner in crime. It worked out badly for them
The only explanation for Skyler's decision to stay is that they still love Walt and – as they tell their divorce lawyer – they are desperate to prevent their son from finding out their father is a meth cook. Them husband and son have become their “gods,” whom they value more than the one true God.
In such cases, Jesus does not mince words: “And a person's enemies will be those of their own household. Whoever loves father or mother more than me is not worthy of me, and whoever loves a son or daughter more than me is not worthy of me.”
But the most incessantly proved lesson of “Breaking Bad” is about the greatest sin of all: pride. Other than Dante's Lucifer or Shakespeare's Iago – and, of course, the Bible's Judas – there is no better study of the sin of pride than “Breaking Bad's” Walter White.
A high school chemistry teacher, Walt starts out as a sympathetic character – even if you don't totally buy that a basically good guy would turn to cooking methamphetamine to provide for their family before they die of lung cancer. But throughout five seasons, we watch them become irredeemably evil because of their pride.
Contrarily, Walt's DEA agent brother-in-law, Hank Schrader, is something of a buffoon at the beginning of the series. But because of their godly choices – the polar opposite of Walt's – they end up becoming not only an extremely likable person, but a deeply good and heroic one. Even their stupid jokes get funny.
 They are the manly one.
It's Hank whom Walt's underage son calls after being arrested for trying to buy beer. Hank's the one who warns the son about drug use by taking them to meet Wendy the meth-addict whore. Hank is the voice of gentle rectitude when Walt monstrously gets their son so drunk they throw up into the pool.
Ann Coulter's books pack punch, reason and intellect … along with their sharp wit and humor, of course. See them at the WND Superstore
Along with some normal human imperfections, Hank embodies all the Christian virtues – patience, diligence, humility, kindness. Indeed, Hank is the only character who always seems to be helping everyone else with their problems – shoplifting, marital separation, cancer, “fugue” states – rather than burdening them with their own.
(In accordance with Hollywood's modern Hays Code prohibiting any realistic depiction of Christianity, there is none in “Breaking Bad” – which is even weirder than the fact that everyone on the show is still using flip phones. In real life, Hank, Skyler and Jesse would have been throwing themselves on their knees, praying to Jesus – in which case the series would have ended with my favorite five minutes of television ever, other than the first Romney-Obama debate: Hank arresting Walt.)
What's so fabulous about Walt's descent into darkness is that the audience is tricked into joining Walt's temporizing – at least through their first few steps.
One of the earliest and most subtly cruel of Walt's bad acts (subtle only in the sense that no one dies) is theirs allowing a high school janitor to be humiliated and arrested in front of the entire school, accused of stealing the lab equipment that Walt themselves had purloined to make meth.
We've met the janitor before. They were kind to Walt, cleaning up after finding them throwing up in a school bathroom from the chemo, and offering them chewing gum.
But we went along with the sacrifice of this good man, barely giving it another thought. Yes, it was a tough break for him, but at least our hero Walt was off the hook! The important thing was, Walt was safe from the inquiries of their bloodhound brother-in-law. Whew!
Worst of all, when Walt watches Jesse's girlfriend, Jane, choke to death on their own vomit – inadvertently caused by Walt's jostling Jesse, flipping Jane onto their back – we rejoice. We don't even wince, as we did with the blameless janitor. Jane was trouble: They had blackmailed Walt and threatened to blackmail them again. They also had turned Jesse onto heroin. Good. She's dead.
In this way, the viewers are tricked into being co-conspirators with Walt. But, luckily, we are only observers. We can escape Walt's choices. They can't.
Soon, we begin to realize that Walt's first malevolent acts – the ones we went along with! – made it easier for them to rationalize the next one and the next, until there's no limit to what they won't do, including violently attacking their wife, kidnapping their infant daughter, ordering the murder of their virtual-son, Jesse, and, perhaps most sinisterly, coldly informing Jesse that they had stood and watched as Jane choked to death.
They hadn't made any of these increasingly depraved moral choices for “his family” – as they finally admit in the last episode. It was for himself, to feed their pride.
Walt followed their “personal ethics” – which Pope Francis has reportedly said is good enough for God. “Breaking Bad” demonstrates what the Proverbs teach: There is a way that appears to be right, but in the end it leads to death.
People in the United States have finally figured out that the nomenklatura is our enemy. This establishment is not representative of Americans, it is not consistent with constitutional government, and it is undermining rather than furthering our national interests, especially with these wars of choice.
I think one of the things we have to point out here is the existence of the “alternative” media. There was a recent study that only one third of the American public actually believes what they hear in the official corporate media, which are simply bulletin boards for government propaganda.
The alternative media and foreign media are becoming like what “samizdat” was in the Soviet Union. More and more Americans are turning to other news sources to hear what is going on in the world and what their government is actually is doing.
It is beginning to make a difference. I would say that this is in some way similar to what happened during the breakdown of the Soviet system in the mid-1980s, when the grip of the ruling oligarchy was weakening, and at the same time more and more people simply did not believe to what they were being told. I think a similar kind of downward spiral of power, which is connected to the official media, is occurring here in the United States.
In that sense, I am optimistic. Within a few years, I am guessing about five, we could see a very new structure here in the United States, and this would involve a change in how we view war and peace reporting and the information we get about the outside world.
The trouble is that whenever you have in a ruling class that feels that its power, privileges, and wealth are being threatened, there is always the temptation of adventurism, the notion that they can roll the dice to provoke some kind of conflict that would preserve the existing order. They may not do this consciously in a sense of wanting the start of war, but they may be willing to risk it with irresponsible behavior somewhere.
There are many people around Hillary Clinton who were utterly irresponsible in what they are calling for. For example, Michèle Flournoy, Hillary's designated Secretary of Defense, who wants to start bombing the Syrian forces as soon as they take office in January 2017. Or Mike Morell, the former acting director of Central Intelligence Agency, who wants to start assassinating Russian and Iranian personnel in Syria and doing it in a way that they know they are the ones behind killing them. We have these parades of armored vehicles right along the Russian border in the Baltic States, we have American planes and ships buzzing Russian territorial waters in the Back Sea and the Baltic Sea. We have people who want to have a forceful response to the Chinese presence in the South China Sea.
Any one of these things presents the possibility of something that could go terribly wrong. Moreover, we may find ourselves in a confrontation with one or perhaps two nuclear powers with unforeseeable consequences. People here always talk about whom the “Hitler of the month” is – it is Milosevic, it is Gaddafi, it is Saddam Hussein. It is now, of course, Vladimir Putin.
They always talk about 1938 -1939 – that we are in a “Munich moment.” In my opinion, we are in a “1914 moment” that nobody really counted on. We have found ourselves in a very dangerous place for America and for the world that maybe nobody counted on but was participated by warlike and irresponsible behavior.
Their former club Flamengo have erected a statue outside their stadium in honour of the iconic ex-Selecao star, with fans chanting “better than Pele” on Saturday
Brazil legend Zico is celebrating their 60th birthday on Sunday.
Flamengo honoured their top goalscorer of all-time - an iconic player who competed in three World Cups during their playing career - by erecting a statue of the footballing great outside their stadium.
Hundreds of supporters gathered for the unveiling, with the ex-Selecao star themselves in attendance, and chants such as "better than Pele" were sung on numerous occasions towards Zico.
"My father taught me to love Flamengo, which has always been my second home," they said at the unveiling.
"I've always done everything with love and dedication, thinking of the best for the club and the fans. This [statue] makes me so proud.
"Thank you, thank you, thank you... thank you 60 times!"
Despite a glittering playing career which has seen them rank amongst the all-time greats, Zico has failed to see as much success as a coach, and their CV is littered with failed international adventures with Japan and Iraq and short stints at CSKA Moscow and Olympiakos.
They did enjoy some success at Fenerbahce, however, where they won the league title and took the Turkish team to the quarter-finals of the Champions League.
Zico's name still crops up in the news occasionally - most recently, they suggested Lucas Moura would go on to outshine Neymar for Brazil - though they are enjoying their 60th birthday without the pressure of a current coaching post.
The US-Indian Strategic Partnership has rapidly evolved to such a point that the Indian government is now obliquely hinting that Russian twitter trolls are backing the country's opposition leader, showing that New Delhi is willing to say and do anything in order to further ingratiate itself with Washington even if this means demolishing its decades-long relationship with Moscow.
Indian Information and Broadcasting Minister Smriti Irani sent shockwaves through the diplomatic community over the weekend when they indirectly accused Russian “Twitter trolls” of supporting opposition leader Rahul Gandhi. The government official tweeted an article from ANI Digital which purports that Gandhi's Twitter popularity is partly due to automated bots located in Indonesia, Kazakhstan, and Russia, snidely remarking in their post that “Perhaps @OfficeOfRG planning to sweep polls in Russia, Indonesia & Kazakhstan ??” The report in question is nothing more than unfounded speculation, but the strong symbolism behind it in trying to capitalize on the US' anti-Russian hysteria shouldn't be overlooked. Furthermore, the very fact that a high-ranking member of the Indian government, a woman who plays an indispensable role in the projection of the country's soft power within its borders and beyond, would publicly retweet such a ridiculous claim and even add their own snarky commentary to it is very scandalous, to say the least.
What it isn't, however, is surprising, since India already launched a failed infowar against Russia a little over a year ago when it spread the fake news that the first-ever joint military drills between Russia and Pakistan were cancelled by Moscow due to Indian pressure. The author wrote about this in depth at the time in an article titled “India's First-Ever Infowar Against Russia Was A Failure”, which concluded that New Delhi decided to crudely backstab its partners in Moscow due to American pressure and the vindictive sentiment prevalent in the Indian capital nowadays to “pay Russia back” for its game-changing rapprochement with Pakistan. What the ruling BJP party apparently fails to understand is that India's much-trumpeted policy of “multi-alignment” isn't exclusive to their country, and that other states could also seek to rebalance and diversify their foreign partnerships as the Multipolar World Order progressively becomes a reality. Leading the way on the Russian front are the foreign policy “progressives,” like Moscow's top Afghan envoy Zamir Kabulov, who strongly believe that Russia must pioneer non-traditional geopolitical partnerships in order to fulfill its 21st-century grand strategic vision in functioning as the supreme balancing force in Eurasia.
On the Indian side, though, there doesn't seem to be much enthusiasm for practicing “multi-alignment” in the manner that it was publicly presented as, since New Delhi has lately been pivoting away from multipolar Eurasia and towards the unipolar Atlantic in decisively furthering the unprecedented military-strategic partnership with the US. The author chronicled all of India's moves in this direction in a series of articles listed under their 2017 Forecast for South Asia, and the reader is encouraged to skim through them if they're unfamiliar with the pace and magnitude of what happened in this regard all across last year. The highlight event of this year was the artificially manufactured Donglang Drama that India and the US both exploited in order to “justify” New Delhi's de-facto membership in the Washington-led “China Containment Coalition”. The US hasn't made a secret out of this either, despite some Indian voices trying to downplay it in an unsuccessful attempt to “save face” before the eyes of the anti-imperialist “Global South”, as the American Secretary of State Rex Tillerson proudly boasted right before departing for their first South Asia trip that India is their country's preferred partner for the 21st century.
This pivotal announcement only formalized what was already known for some time, but it seems to have encouraged the Indian government to do away with its erstwhile halfhearted attempt to hide its newfound pro-American policies behind the slogan of “multi-alignment”. After all, it was right after Tillerson's declaration of the 21st-century US-Indian military-strategic partnership that Indian Information and Broadcasting Minister Smriti Irani felt confident enough to publicly imply that Russian trolls are supporting an opposition candidate in order to swing the 2019 elections. This, of course, is a categorically false suggestion which was only made in order to smear Russia and demonstrate India's fealty to its new American overlord. It also deliberately fails to acknowledge the billions of dollars in military and nuclear energy deals that the Modi government has signed with Moscow, and it also doesn't recognize the reasons why Russia has more warmly embraced India in recent years in spite of its fast-moving and comprehensive strategic partnership with China. Such deceptive information warfare is typically the domain of the “ModiMob”, or government-backed ultra-jingoist trolls, and usually directed against non-state targets, but this is the first time that an Indian state actor employed such tactics against a seemingly friendly state.
Bearing in mind the pro-American backdrop in which this anti-Russian Twitter troll accusation was made, it shouldn't be seen as a coincidence that reports also started streaming in over the weekend around the same time stating that India was thinking about abandoning its planned $10 billion fifth-generation fighter jet deal with Russia. There's been talk about this for a while, but the revival of these reports in the current context of Tillerson's proclamation of a century-long military-strategic partnership, the Indian Information and Broadcasting Minister's false suggestions that Moscow is coordinating a social media bot operation to unseat the BJP in 2019, and now the talk that India might pull out of what was supposed to have been the cornerstone deal of its partnership with Russia altogether indicate that New Delhi no longer views Moscow as the “brother” (“bhai”) that it claimed it was during the Old Cold War. Instead, India sees Russia as being no different than any other partner aside from the US, which has now replaced Moscow as New Delhi's preferred patron given the paradigm-changing geopolitics of the New Cold War.
The New Delhi-initiated “normalization” of what was hitherto regarded as the “special relationship” between India and Russia is further proof that India has agreed to become the US' main proxy force for “containing China”, breaking BRICS, and dismantling multipolarity. Furthermore, this negative trend in bilateral relations and the unfriendly moves against Russia over the weekend also point to India's desire to “play hardball” against its former ally, in that it no longer has any reservations about resorting to crude measures in order to squeeze as beneficial of a deal as possible from Moscow.
India is infuriated that Russia won't transfer high-end and ultra-classified military-technical information to it as part of any forthcoming weapons deals, something which is mandated by its “Make In India” policy, so it's apparently decided to employ dirty tricks against its negotiating partner in the hopes that it can intimidate Moscow into complying. To the contrary, however, no matter if the jet deal ultimately goes through or not, Russia isn't likely to forget what has happened, and this unpleasant experience will surely be used as an instructive example which will powerfully influence the course of the country's future South Asian policy, most likely to Pakistan's comparative benefit.
The recent appointment of master strategist Nikolai Kudashev as the new Russian Ambassador to India will be very useful in helping Moscow navigate this uncertain period of relations with New Delhi, and the envoy's prior history of working with China should help Russia become the consummate geopolitical balancer that it desires to be in Eurasia. It will probably be impossible to repair the damage that India's ultra-jingoist BJP government has wreaked to the bilateral relationship over the past year, but that doesn't mean the two Great Powers can't pragmatically find some common ground between them even in the context of the US' domineering influence over Indian policy nowadays.
At the end of the day, the maintenance of cordial ties with Russia is important to India because it needs access to Russian resources and overland trade routes to Europe (the North-South Transport Corridor), and New Delhi also wants to establish a “soft” presence in the Russian Far East in order to give off the perception that it's “strategically flanking” China. That said, the fact that an Indian minister would publicly mimic the US' slanderous accusations against Russia by implying that Moscow is using Twitter bots to support the opposition is worrisome and suggests that pro-American sentiment in New Delhi is even stronger than the most vocal critics imagine it to be.
Andrew Korybko is an American Moscow-based political analyst specializing in the relationship between the US strategy in Afro-Eurasia, China's One Belt One global vision of New Silk Road connectivity, and Hybrid Warfare.
Featured image is from the author.
Alfonso Cuaron Explains Why Robert Downey Jr. Wasn't Right For Gravity By Kristy Puchko Random Article Blend Gravity is making. The science-fiction thriller that marks their long-awaited follow-up to the three-time Academy Award-nominated sci-fi drama Children of Men follows the harrowing quest of two astronauts who are stranded in space when their spacewalk is interrupted by their shuttle's unexpected destruction. Fronted by A-listers Sandra Bullock and George Clooney, Gravity could prove a rare commercial hit for Cuarón. But in a surprisingly candid interview with
Early on, major box office draw Gravity. After admitting part of the problem was that it took four and a half years to get Gravity into production, they admit:
“And also it was very clear that the technology we were going to use -- it was not the most compatible thing for what Robert is the best at. That is, they take one scene and they just starts riffing. And because of the technology that we use, it's pretty much limited. We have to preprogram the film before shooting.”
Of course Downey's ballsy Iron Man movies such a popular property. But to be perfectly frank, Cuarón had no time for that on this shoot. Because of the cutting edge tech involved in its production to achieve the weightlessness required for most of the narrative, there was no room for ad-libbing. Instead, a great deal of preparation went into every shot of the film before shooting even began. They explain:
“But that's the thing, both George and Sandra, we had endless conversations before. We animated the whole film before. We could have released an animated version with the voices of Sandra Bullock and George Clooney. We watched it and we gave suggestions and if they had notes or ideas, then it was just about programming the whole thing. It was amazing because, yes, they changed quite a lot, relatively speaking. But it was always in the context of what was there already.”
You can learn more about the special tech employed in Gravity's production by checking out our live blog of Cuaron's shared The Amazing Spider-Man 2) and Edgar Wright (The World's End). And be sure to check out the trailer
Gravity will make its world premiere in It's a rare thing when a movie markets itself at the nerdvana that is San Diego Comic Con before making its world premiere at a cinema celebration as prestigious as the Venice Film Festival. But this is exactly the incredible journey Alfonso Cuarón's upcomingis making. The science-fiction thriller that marks their long-awaited follow-up to the three-time Academy Award-nominated sci-fi dramafollows the harrowing quest of two astronauts who are stranded in space when their spacewalk is interrupted by their shuttle's unexpected destruction. Fronted by A-listers Sandra Bullock and George Clooney,could prove a rare commercial hit for Cuarón. But in a surprisingly candid interview with The Huffington Post , the fascinating filmmaker suggests its not box office bankability that drives him.Early on, major box office draw Robert Downey Jr. was attached to star, but in this interview—which is absolutely worth reading in its entirety—Cuarón is quick to share why he's grateful the Iron Man became detached from. After admitting part of the problem was that it took four and a half years to getinto production, they admit:Of course Downey's ballsy penchant for riffing is a major part of what made themovies such a popular property. But to be perfectly frank, Cuarón had no time for that on this shoot. Because of the cutting edge tech involved in its production to achieve the weightlessness required for most of the narrative, there was no room for ad-libbing. Instead, a great deal of preparation went into every shot of the film before shooting even began. They explain:You can learn more about the special tech employed in's production by checking out our live blog of Cuaron's shared Comic Con panel with Marc Webb () and Edgar Wright (). And be sure to check out the trailer here will make its world premiere in Venice Film Festival on August 28th. A theatrical release in the US will follow on October 4th. Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
If you see an online poll declaring Trump the winner of Monday night's presidential debate, don't be duped — it could be the handiwork of 4chan trolls.
@TIME your poll just got rigged. Never trust anything on the internet i guess. Source of the rigging: https://t.co/dJ3IaS9FsY
As the Daily Beast pointed out on Tuesday, 4chan — a digital paradise of forums that cater to alt-right trolls — aimed to cheat the online polling systems of CNBC, Time, ABC News, the Hill, BuzzFeed, People, CBS, Variety and CNN to sway debate results in Trump's favor.
Then, Trump flaunted these polls on Twitter as their declaration of victory.
"CNBC poll is the most important, guys!" a user wrote on 4chan. "Get on it, we need to push past 50!"
Thank you! CNBC #DebateNight poll with over 400,000 votes. Trump 61% Clinton 39% #AmericaFirst #ImWithYou https://t.co/c8rB0iSj7c
The 4chan users flooded the polls with Trump votes through the use of Airplane Mode Toggling. This involves switching airplane mode on and off to change your device's IP address so that you can essentially vote as many times as your heart desires. Other users also advised voters trying to game the system to open new incognito tabs repeatedly for limitless voting.
"Reminder that all polls matter," a user wrote in all caps, linking to six online polls. "Let none survive."
It's been a month since Alec Baldwin said they wouldn't play President Trump on “Saturday Night Live” for much longer. Well, he's still at it.
They returned to the NBC show this weekend to play the president in two sketches, including in the cold open sketch where they met with Kentuckians who remain staunch supporters despite their promises about jobs and health care that would negatively affect them.
“See, that's why I came here, because you people support me no matter what,” Trump-as-Baldwin tells them. “It's like you found a finger in your chili, but you still eat the chili because you told everyone how much you love chili.”
Baldwin also played Trump and Fox News host Bill O'Reilly later in the show.
[Alec Baldwin's Bill O'Reilly discusses sexual harassment with Alec Baldwin's Donald Trump]
Throughout the show's open, which has been consistently Trump-themed since the election, Baldwin's Trump brings up Syria, Susan E. Rice and other issues the Kentuckians are uninterested in. “The media is saying nice things, and no one is talking about Russia. Wow, what a difference that 59 Tomahawk missiles can make,” they say.
“I wanted to spend 20 minutes with my people, folks who don't whisper ‘Oh God, what's happening?' right after I leave the room,” they tell them.
One supporter tells SNL's Trump that they were laid off from their coal mining job. “All we want are good jobs; they don't have to be in coal.”
“Sorry, hombre, it's all coal,” Trump says. “In Trump's America, men work in two places: coal mines or Goldman Sachs.”
[How did that Kendall Jenner-Pepsi ad even get made? SNL imagines an answer.]
Another supporter complains that their premiums went up under Obamacare and that they have to drive 90 minutes to see their doctor. Trump assures them he's “talking with the Freedom Caucus, and we're going to get rid of it.”
“You're going to get rid of my health care, all of it?”
“All of it, gone,” Trump says. “After we're done, you'll never have to drive to see a doctor again, how's that sound?”
“Well, I trust your judgment sir, there must be a reason you're a billionaire,” the supporter responds.
“We think exactly alike. I say quietly to myself, all the time actually, there must be some reason I'm a billionaire.”
[Trump isn't the first president ‘Saturday Night Live' has skewered. But this feud stands out.]
Another supporter asks about their wife, who is addicted to painkillers and lives in a federally sponsored rehabilitation program an hour away. “Don't worry because we're going to get rid of it,” Baldwin-as-Trump says. “We're junking it, junked. Now she's going to live wherever they want to. Did I make you feel better now?”
“I'm not sure, but I voted for you, and you're my president,” the supporter responds.
[How ‘Saturday Night Live' managed to turn 2016's chaos into TV gold]
Baldwin's Trump tells another supporter that he's getting rid of their child's after-school program and minimum wage.
“We cool, we still love Trump?”
They tell him: “You're my president!”
“God, you're blowing my mind,” Baldwin-as-Trump says. “Keep eating that finger chili!”
While it's unclear how SNL will keep portraying Trump, the president and politics will remain a mainstay in the comedy landscape. NBC will air prime-time stand-alone episodes of “Weekend Update” this summer. Comedy Central just announced that Trump impersonator Anthony Atamanuik will be getting their own Trump-themed talk show this month. And “The Daily Show” veteran Jordan Klepper, known for their reports from Trump rallies, will also host a new late-night comedy show.
Nobody has complained yet of a monopoly in the making, but Ms. Bean, 68, is not universally loved in the insular, male-dominated lobster industry, or in Maine as a whole.
A deeply religious, conservative Republican who lost two races for Congress, they have raised hackles among some residents by fighting gay rights and casinos. Some in the lobster business question their hostility toward Canadian processors, with whom they have long relationships, and whether the ideas they seem to churn out at warp speed will work.
“She's only been in the business three years and you're telling me she's got all the answers?” asked Peter McAleney, a lobster dealer in Portland who is president of the Maine Import-Export Lobster Dealers' Association. “We're already branded — it's known as king of the sea, nothing has changed.”
Others say Ms. Bean's strategies are worth a shot, especially since they have the money to see them through at a time when few others want to invest in such a battered industry. Price and demand have hit their lowest points in years because of the economic crisis, leaving an oversupply of a luxury product that many says should be diversified. Even the Maine Lobster Promotion Council, the industry's marketing arm, has a budget of only $400,000 a year.
Photo
“If Linda can brand their little part of the industry and do a good job marketing it,” said Gerald Cushman, a fifth-generation lobsterman in Port Clyde, “I can only think it will help everyone else. While the rest of us are nickel-and-diming, she's able to jump right in.”
Ms. Bean, who had no experience in the industry before buying their first wharf in 2007, said they stepped in because nobody else was moving decisively to solve its problems.
“It doesn't seem like anyone is focused on the severity and the immediacy of the problem,” they said, “and what could be done better.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Focused they are, but how Ms. Bean keeps track of their projects is anyone's guess. Foremost is the Linda Bean's Perfect Maine Lobster Roll chain, which they aim to expand from 2 stands and 3 restaurants in Maine to at least 100 franchises nationwide in a year. In addition to their signature lobster roll — a quarter-pound of meat, topped with herbs, on a grilled, buttered roll spread with mayo — the menu will include Linda Bean's Port Clyde Lobster Stew and Linda Bean's Lobster Cuddlers, the name they are seeking to trademark for claws with drawn butter.
“We're trying to find better names for claws,” they said, studying one before popping it into their mouth at the Dip Net, a longtime Port Clyde restaurant that they bought this year. “Like chicken tenders — it tells you you're eating something succulent, not scary.”
Ms. Bean hired Margaret McLellan, a corporate chef from a lobstering family, to develop new products and to run the Lobster Academy at Cook's Cove, scheduled to open next summer, where chefs from around the world can learn new ways to cook with lobster. They want their “frozen line of lobster meals and treats,” including their lobster stew and other, yet-to-be-disclosed items, to be on sale in 2,000 grocery stores, along with live lobsters with tags that identify their port of origin — Port Clyde, Tenants Harbor or Vinalhaven.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Them plant, which opened in July and can process 20,000 pounds of lobster meat daily, is one of only four in Maine. At least half of the state's lobster catch is sent to Canada to be processed and labeled a product of that country, a procedure Ms. Bean considers “a tyranny on our price here.”
But many say their belief that all Maine lobster should be processed in Maine is naïve. Canadian processors can charge less because they are given generous government subsidies, said Patrice McCarron, executive director of the Maine Lobstermen's Association.
Even more controversial is Ms. Bean's resolve to have the state's lobster fishery certified as environmentally sustainable by the Marine Stewardship Council, a London group that promotes responsible fishing. Wal-Mart, for one, has vowed that by 2011, it will buy only from fisheries certified by the council. “People are worried about where their fish is coming from,” they said. “We here in Maine know our catch is sustainable, but someone in California may not.”
Photo
Them position irks many lobstermen and dealers, who question why Maine should pay an estimated $150,000 for the certification and an additional $25,000 to $50,000 a year to maintain it. Maine lobster does not need an outside group's approval, they say, and there is no guarantee that certification would make it more valuable anyway.
“This industry can't bear any more cost right now if not guaranteed a profit,” Mr. Cushman said.
Others question Ms. Bean's choice of Frank Perdue as a role model, saying that giant companies should not have a role in Maine's famous mom-and-pop industry. “All the little independent operators, whether farmer or fisherman, seem to disappear in that process,” said a veteran lobsterman who requested anonymity because they said they did not want to anger Ms. Bean. “That doesn't bode well for 100 little harbors up and down the coast of Maine.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
If Ms. Bean knows they have detractors, they do not say so. They said they worried at first that lobstermen would not want to sell to her, and that they suspected their interest in the industry was fleeting. “The impression I got was that they were thinking, ‘Oh, well, she'll turn all this into condominiums,' ” Ms. Bean said of their wharves, where the lobstermen sell them their catch.
They have worked to win their loyalty by selling bait and gas with no profit margin, they said — lobstermen are independent operators who own their boats — and by giving them annual bonuses that amount to an extra 33 cents for every pound they sold them that year. “They've become quite loyal,” they said.
Generally, though, they stay off the docks and sticks to the more cerebral part of their enterprise: coming up with marketing schemes, lobster products and catchy advertising.  They are hoping to trademark two phrases to describe their product line: “It Stirs Your Primal Senses” and “In a Class by Itself.”
“I love to work with words,” they said, admiring the latter phrase on a truck.
They have also commissioned local artisans to make tableware from lobster shells and a lobster claw pendant; both will be sold at their restaurants.
“If I'm quick I can do it for Christmas,” said Ms. Bean, whose role at L. L. Bean is limited to a seat on its board.
Ms. Bean, who drove from their wharves to their processing plant one warm afternoon last week wearing fur earmuffs and blasting classical music from their Jeep, is sending “lobstermobiles” — RV's that sell lobster and shrimp rolls — to county fairs, a practice they may expand to East Coast boat shows and to Wall Street.
Many here wonder how long they will keep buying wharves and other pieces of the lobster industry, a question they themselves cannot answer. They said they have spent “several million” so far and would keep spending if demand proved high enough. “Who knows?” they said. “I don't have a target. I just want to take care of the situation.”
It was an idea proposed by an NDP MP more than 40 years ago and could be revisited at the party's national convention in Edmonton this weekend: the adoption of the islands of Turks and Caicos as Canada's 11th province.
The NDP released its wide-ranging resolution list Tuesday ahead of the convention, and resolution 1-92-16 states that an NDP federal government should develop the islands into an “affordable tourism industry for all Canadians.”
“New Democrats Believe in: Engaging with the peoples and government of the Turks and Caicos Islands, and the British government to have the Turks and Caicos Islands become Canada's 11th Province,” reads resolution.
READ MORE: Turks and Caicos ‘marriage' with Canada would be good for business: Tory MP
While the idea was more recently proposed in 2013 by former Conservative MP Peter Goldring, the idea goes back to 1974 when New Democrat MP Max Saltzman introduced a private member's bill to annex the islands. The proposal can be traced back even further to 1917 when former prime minister Robert Borden asked Great Britain to let Canada have the tropical paradise.
“One of the reasons the idea continues to be popular is because there is this thing called winter in Canada,” said Robin Sears, a principal at Earnscliffe and former NDP strategist. “But it ain't going to happen.”
In 2014, Goldring revisited the idea of making Turks and Caicos Canada's 11th province telling Global News it “would be good for business if we were to develop a good strong relationship and maybe even a marriage.”
And while Turks and Caicos Premier Rufus Ewing was open to the prospect of their country joining Canada in 2014, former foreign affairs minister John Baird shot down the idea of a tropical Canadian province.
During their final speech in the House of Commons before retiring, Goldring called their Turks and Caicos dream “a work in progress.”
Turks and Caicos is a British Overseas Territory consisting of 40 low-lying coral islands in the Atlantic Ocean, southeast of the Bahamas.
“It would require the Queen being willing to transfer one of their assets to us and I don't think that is very likely,” said Sears. “But it's a nice fairy tale.”
READ MORE: What would it be like to have a tropical province?
Errol Mendes, a constitutional law expert at the University of Ottawa, said there would also have to be a “constitutional amendment to add another province.”
“If it included having representation in the House of Commons or the Senate, that requires unanimous consent of all the provinces,” said Mendes, adding that it has been historically difficult to use the amending formula.
“But we have such awful winters we may get unanimous consent,” they said jokingly.
Mendes said while things like health care or representation would be up for negotiation, the federal government would also have to consider concerns like assuming debt and security.
William L.1985 Vintage Diver
Vintage. It is a word that is said a lot these days. I cannot even begin to count how many watches I see or review that are vintage or retro inspired. It is the trend these days, for how long; who knows, but many brands will ride the train until we are on to the next trend. Many brands are coming out with vintage designs these days but not many are doing vintage sizing. That is where this William L. 1985 Vintage Diver comes in. Not only does it have the retro look, but it measures in at 38.5mm, a size that would have been very normal back in the 60's and 70's. If you have been craving for a dive watch under 40mm, keep reading to see if the William L. is something you would wear with your vintage jeans and vintage shirt.
William L. 1985 Vintage Diver Specifications:
38.5mm Stainless Steel Case
44mm Lug to Lug
13.5mm Thick
18mm Lug Width
Sapphire Crystal
100 Meters Water Resitant
Seiko NH35 Automatic Movement
Price: Around $400 USD
https://www.williaml1985.com/en/diver/59-automatic-vintage-diver-70-s-style-3760256221846.html
With so many brands these days, naming a new one must be difficult. A friend and fellow brand owner was bouncing names off me recently for a new venture they are working on and I flat out told him, I don't have the time to help as coming up with a brand name takes a lot of time and research. Or so one would think. I have no idea where William L. 1985 came up with their name. Guillaume is the name of the man behind the brand and taking a look at their story on the website did not give me an answer either. No matter how great a product is, the brand name can make or break the company. I do not know if that is the case here, but it is an interesting brand name. Dan Henry Watches seems to do very well though, so I guess it is all in the marketing. Fortunately, the William L. 1985 Vintage Diver is a pretty decent watch, so I will look past the name for now.
The 38.5mm case is definitely small by today's standards and I admit when I first took it out of the box and put it on, It was an adjustment. I have stated many times my sweet spot is 40-44mm these days, down from the days where I wore 48mm watches or larger on the regular. I don't know if I can rock 38mm to be honest, but I was willing to give it a ride on the wrist for a few days, which I am not sure was enough. I think after a few weeks on the wrist I would have adjusted to it, but with so many watches to review, I am not able to do that. I think the biggest issue I had was the 18mm strap, which just seems so thin to me.
Okay, we have established I am not the target demographic for this size watch, at least not yet anyways. Who knows where I will be in a few years. I am wearing a 40mm watch as I type this, which is something I never thought would happen. Anything is possible. What about the quality and design on the William L. 1985 Vintage Diver? The design I love; I am a sucker for this case style with the hooded lugs and I am glad they kept the polished areas to an absolute minimum. The dial is clean with no unneeded text and I am always glad to see a standard 3 o'clock date placement as opposed to that wonky 4:30 atrocity.
Black and orange seem to be the only colors offered with the William L. 1985 Vintage Diver, and I for one am okay with that. I love black and orange, and while it might sound cliche, they are manly colors. It reminds me of Harley-Davidson and gruff bikers. If those colors are not your first choice, well, you are out of luck for now. I have no idea if William L. plans to release any other colorways, but like anything else, if the sales are good and there is demand, they probably will. I like how they went as far as an orange outline around the date window and orange stitching on the rally style leather strap.
The bezel action is pretty good but the crown action leaves a little something to be desired, at least on my example. It has a slight grittiness to it-check out the video to see what I mean. The case back shows off the Seiko NH35 automatic movement, and I know some people love to see the movement, regardless of what caliber, but I would have preferred if this gentleman kept their clothes on and the William L. 1985 Vintage Diver had a nice etched or stamped case back.
William L. 1985 Vintage Dive Lume-Good, not great.
If I take a look at the whole package, considering the price of around $400 USD, the William L. 1985 Vintage Diver does have a lot of appeal. I will always opt for a better movement, but putting that aside, the case finishing is on par with other watches in this price range, the leather strap is attractive and comfortable and fits my 7 1/2 inch wrist with ease. The domed sapphire crystal does not cause crazy amounts of distortion or glare because they didn't go overboard with a massive crystal. The dome is subtle, the way it shouldn't be in my opinion. The big deal here is the small size. While the guys who love bigger watches might wish for a 44mm version, I know their are many guys out there with smaller wrists or guys that just like to wear a smaller watch that will be very excited to see a nicely designed diver that comes in under 40mm. William L., please take note that a 42 or 44mm version would probably be well received as well. Something to consider for next year possibly. In the meantime, if you want a vintage style watch in a vintage size, this is one of the few on the market, especially in the microbrand segment.
In arguably the Illinois Fighting Illini's worst played game of the season, junior forwards Leron Black and Michael Finke led the Illini to a 64-57 victory over Austin Peay.
Finke's 17 points and eight boards, and Black's 16 points and four boards gave Illinois the advantage in the frontcourt.
A combined nine turnovers from the two, however, didn't make their lives any easier.
“It's something I have to work on and get cleaned up,” Black said. “I got to stop dropping my shoulder I take credit for most of them.”
Actually, a season-high 25 turnovers for Illinois didn't help anyone rest easy throughout the contest. The Illini had four more turnovers than made field goals, sinking only 21 shots.
Illinois only had nine assists to pair with the 25 turnovers.
“Tough night offensively with nine assists,” Underwood. “You know we're not executing very well on the offensive end when we have nine (assists). We have to figure out how to make an entry so we can just get into (the offense).”
The Governors were not much better (24 total turnovers and 24 made field goals).
Let's talk about that first half.
After allowing the game's first four points, the Illini responded with a promising 11-2 run to take an 11-6 lead after five minutes.
This would be the only bright spot of the half.
Austin Peay countered with a run of its own, and 11 straight points allowed them to take a 17-13 lead. Illinois, meanwhile, went on a scoring drought of over five minutes, missing seven straight shots and having six turnovers.
The struggles continued for the Illini as they hit only one of their last 17 shots in the first half. Illinois scored only two points during a nine-minute stretch in the half.
“I thought we came out, not necessarily flat, but not with as much energy,” Finke said. “That's something we really got to execute better with at the beginnings of games moving forward.”
Thankfully for Illinois, Austin Peay could not capitalize off the Illini drought due to 10 first-half turnovers. Missing five of their 10 free throws didn't help the Governors' cause, either.
A small run from the Illini allowed them to climb back to only a two-point deficit at half, but it still was not pretty up to that point.
Illinois shot 32.3 percent from the floor (10-of-31), 12.5 percent from three (1-of-8) and committed 15 first half turnovers.
“There was a passiveness tonight,” Underwood said.
The only Illini that had a solid first half was redshirt-sophomore Kipper Nichols, who had seven points (2-of-3 shooting) and six rebounds at the midpoint of the game.
It wasn't much prettier from the Governor's, also, as they had more turnovers than field goals in the first half (11 made shots and 12 turnovers).
The second half... was better???
Instead of scuffling with trash cans, Underwood was just trying to help their team out during halftime Wednesday night.
“I was trying to help them get into some sort of offensive rhythm,” Underwood said.
Underwood also wanted to try and get Black more touches so they can be more established in the game.
With that said, Black turned the ball over during Illinois' first second-half possession — fitting for how the previous 20 minutes were played.
Illinois (7-3) grabbed the lead for a short bit thanks to a jumper from Black at the 15:10 mark, but Austin Peay managed to take it right back and stay ahead for a majority of the half.
Junior forward Leron Black started to get going, however, and their 13 points pushed the Illini within one of the Governors with 7:58 remaining in the game.
After going back and forth at each other for a short stretch, first-year student guard Da'Monte Williams rattled home a three to give their team a 53-50 lead with under five minutes to go in the game.
An overall 16-7 run from Illinois — 11 of which came from the free throw line — assisted the Illini in putting away the Governors, 64-57.
Sophomore guard Te'Jon Lucas scored the last seven Illini points to close out the game for their team, including a breakaway layup on the game's final possession.
The game was a fight from start to end between the Illini and the Governors.
“That was like an old slugfest in the sandbox,” Underwood said. “There were two teams that knew each other extremely well.”
Illinois will be heading to a literal sandbox on Saturday when the Illini head to Las Vegas to square off against University of Nevada-Las Vegas.
Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont appears with Chris Hayes on MSNBC. Screenshot via MSNBC/Twitter Bernie Sanders thinks President-elect Donald Trump is a "pathological liar."
The senator from Vermont and former Democratic presidential candidate appeared on MSNBC's "All In with Chris Hayes" on Thursday night, characterizing Trump as inconsistent and unpredictable.
Sanders said the looming Trump presidency presents Americans with a uniquely challenging future and said Americans need "to build a movement of millions of people who actually are following reality."
"That's the challenge," they added.
"Real change in this country, I am more and more convinced of it, is not going to come from Capitol Hill. It's going to come from grassroots America."
Sanders' comments appear to suggest Trump has not kept their campaign and post-election promises to "drain the swamp in Washington," to rid the government of insiders who wield too much influence.
Instead, Trump has filled their Cabinet with billionaires, Wall Street bankers, and establishment figures.
Watch Bernie Sanders' comments below:
Religion is a pervasive and significant cultural phenomenon, so people who study culture and human nature have sought to explain the nature of religion, the nature of religious beliefs, and the reasons why religions exist in the first place. There have been as many theories as theorists, it seems, and while none fully captures what religion is, all offer important insights on the nature of religion and possible reasons why religion has persisted through human history.
Tylor and Frazer - Religion Is Systematized Animism and Magic
E.B. Tylor and James Frazer are two of the earliest researchers to develop theories of the nature of religion. They defined religion as essentially being the belief in spiritual beings, making it systematized animism. The reason religion exists is to help people make sense of events which would otherwise be incomprehensible by relying on unseen, hidden forces. This inadequately addresses the social aspect of religion, though, depicting religion and animism are purely intellectual moves.
Sigmund Freud - Religion Is Mass Neurosis
According to Sigmund Freud, religion is a mass neurosis and exists as a response to deep emotional conflicts and weaknesses. A by-product of psychological distress, Freud argued that it should be possible to eliminate the illusions of religion by alleviating that distress. This approach is laudable for getting us to recognize that there can be hidden psychological motives behind religion and religious beliefs, but their arguments from analogy are weak and too often their position is circular.
Emile Durkheim - Religion Is a Means of Social Organization
Emile Durkheim is responsible for the development of sociology and wrote that “...religion is a unified system of beliefs and practices relative to sacred things, that is to say, things set apart and forbidden.” Their focus was the importance of the concept of the “sacred” and its relevance to the welfare of the community. Religious beliefs are symbolic expressions of social realities without which religious beliefs have no meaning. Durkheim reveals how religion serves in social functions.
Karl Marx - Religion Is the Opiate of the Masses
According to Karl Marx, religion is a social institution which is dependent upon material and economic realities in a given society. With no independent history, it is a creature of productive forces. Marx wrote: “The religious world is but the reflex of the real world.” Marx argued that religion is an illusion whose chief purpose is to provide reasons and excuses to keep society functioning just as it is. Religion takes our highest ideals and aspirations and alienates us from them.
Mircea Eliade - Religion Is a Focus on the Sacred
The key to Mircea Eliade's understanding of religion is two concepts: the sacred and the profane. Eliade says religion is primarily about belief in the supernatural, which for them lies at the heart of the sacred. They do not try to explain away religion and rejects all reductionist efforts. Eliade only focuses on “timeless forms” of ideas which they say keep recurring in religions all over the world, but in doing so they ignore their specific historical contexts or dismisses them as irrelevant.
Stewart Elliot Guthrie - Religion Is Anthropomorphization Gone Awry
Stewart Guthrie argues that religion is “systematic anthropomorphism” — the attribution of human characteristics to nonhuman things or events. We interpret ambiguous information as whatever matters most to survival, which means seeing living beings. If we are in the woods and see a dark shape that might be a bear or a rock, it is smart to “see” a bear. If we are mistaken, we lose little; if we are right, we survive. This conceptual strategy leads to “seeing” spirits and gods at work around us.
E.E. Evans-Pritchard - Religion and Emotions
Rejecting most anthropological, psychological, and sociological explanations of religion, E.E. Evans-Pritchard sought a comprehensive explanation of religion that took both its intellectual and social aspects into account. They didn't reach any final answers, but did argue that religion should be regarded as a vital aspect of society, as its “construct of the heart.” Beyond that, it may not be possible to explain religion in general, just to explain and understand particular religions.
Clifford Geertz - Religion as Culture and Meaning
An anthropologist who describes culture as a system of symbols and actions which convey meaning, Clifford Geertz treats religion as a vital component of cultural meanings. They argue that religion carries symbols which establish especially powerful moods or feelings, help explain human existence by giving it an ultimate meaning, and purport to connect us to a reality that is “more real” than what we see every day. The religious sphere thus has a special status above and beyond regular life.
Explaining, Defining, and Understanding Religion
Here, then, are some of the principle means of explaining why religion exists: as an explanation for what we don't understand; as a psychological reaction to our lives and surroundings; as an expression of social needs; as a tool of the status quo to keep some people in power and others out; as a focus upon supernatural and “sacred” aspects of our lives; and as an evolutionary strategy for survival.
Which of these is the “right” explanation? Maybe we shouldn't try to argue that any one of them is “right” and instead recognize that religion is a complex human institution. Why assume that religion is any less complex and even contradictory than culture in general? Because religion has such complex origins and motivations, all of the above could serve as a valid response to the question “Why does religion exist?” None, however, can serve as an exhaustive and complete answer to that question.
We should eschew simplistic explanations of religion, religious beliefs, and religious impulses. They are unlikely to be adequate even in very individual and specific circumstances and they are certainly inadequate when addressing religion generally. Simplistic as these purported explanations may be, though, they all offer helpful insights which can bring us a little closer to understanding what religion is all about.
The Latest Capitalist Monopoly: Opposition to the State
New corporate enclosures, looting and monopolies are springing up all over the place these days. Watching the news is a lot like watching Robocop or Blade Runner, what with stuff like Detroit's “Emergency Manager” auctioning off local assets to corporate cronies the same way Paul Bremer's Coalition Provisional Authority did in Iraq. Given all that, it takes a lot to surprise me. I wasn't expecting corporate capitalists to acquire a monopoly on dislike for the government though. Nevertheless that's what scholar Andrew Hoberek suggests (Noah Berlatsky, “Watchmen and Neoliberalism: An Interview with Andrew Hoberek,” The Hooded Utilitarian, January 15).
Hoberek argues that comic artist Alan Moore, in Watchmen, was motivated by a distrust of institutions in general that was, more than anything else, in the '60s anti-establishment spirit. That spirit was strong on much of the left back then, dating at least to the Port Huron Statement. But, Hoberek maintains, it has since “become totally the property of the neoliberal right.” Their interviewer, Noah Berlatsky, remarks that general distrust of institutions “has gone from being a shared feature of both the left and the right in the cold war period to a hallmark of neoliberalism.”
Wow! I'm a left-winger and an anarchist, and I really distrust government as well as hierarchical institutions in general. I had no idea I'd signed over the rights to it. Maybe Hoberek and Berlatsky think the right acquired property in the “anti-government” label by adverse possession. But I've expressed such ideas pretty actively, on a continuous basis, for a long time, so I don't think I could have relinquished them through constructive abandonment.
Further, Hoberek considers Obama's alleged “dislike of organization” (huh? in what universe?) “problematic” because, although it has roots in their community organizing background, in the days since then “anti-government sentiment has become a major tool of those in power.”
The most important point Hoberek ignores is that neoliberals like Reagan and Thatcher don't really dislike government, any more than bureaucratic oligarchs like Stalin really favored socialism (in the sense of genuine working class power and control of the means of production). In fact the activist state is central to the model of neoliberalism that Thatcher and Reagan promoted. Corporate capitalism depends heavily on the state to guarantee extractive industries' access to oil and mineral resources overseas, to protect agribusiness interests' control over stolen land, and to enforce “intellectual property” — the protectionist monopoly most central to corporate profits in this era. It depends on the state to subsidize its distribution costs and the processing of “human resources” to the tune of hundreds of billions of dollars a year, and spend hundreds of billions more to employ idle industrial capacity or soak up surplus investment capital in the form of government debt. Reaganite capitalism arguably requires bigger government than even the New Deal model.
“Anti-government sentiment” may be a major propaganda tool of neoliberalism, to the extent that a major segment of the public takes it at face value and supports the neoliberal agenda under the misconception that they're genuinely fighting to defend “free enterprise” and “get the government off our backs.” But the effectiveness of this ideological smokescreen depends heavily on critics of corporate capitalism buying in to the neoliberals' professed “anti-government” pose.
Taking the “anti-government” label at face value is incredibly foolish from a strategic point of view. To repeat, the state is not only central to the survival of corporate power, but serving the interest of capitalist elites has been the main function of the American state — like all other states — since its beginning. Removing the state's structural supports to corporate capitalism is the one thing capable of destroying it. So unilaterally depriving ourselves of opposition to the state, just because neoliberal capitalists have falsely appropriated the “anti-government” label for themselves, amounts to taking our enemy's single greatest vulnerability off the table.
Letting your enemy define your conceptual categories for you is the same as losing the war before it's ever been fought.
Citations to this article:
Sushi Kanesaka
Misuzu Building
8-10-3 Ginza, Chuo-ku, Tokyo 104-0061
Dining date: 10/21/12
There are so many sushi restaurants in Tokyo, it's a daunting task trying to choose which ones to go to. However, the fact the would be dining solo for most of the meals, and speak very little Japanese, helped to filter down the options. Sushi Kanesaka came onto my radar due to other blogs as well as its two-star rating in the Michelin guide. The fact that the restaurant was English-accessible and its Ginza location was walking distance from my apartment easily brought this up my list.
Shinji Kanesaka is a rather young sushi chef (40) but has already achieved much success. They trained at well-known Kyubey before opening their flagship in Ginza. Along with the 2 Michelin stars, they have already opened up a popular restaurant overseas (Shinji by Kanesaka in Singapore).
In Ginza, there is one large bar serving 14, with one sushi chef serving each group of 7 diners. My sushi chef for the evening was Takashi Usuba (not sure where Kanesaka-san was this evening). Usuba-san, as well as most of the staff, spoke surprisingly good English. It made it fairly easy to get a little bit of dialogue going; the atmosphere was actually pretty lively and engaging, not like other quiet and uptight sushiyas I've heard of.
Two omakase meals were available for dinner – a ¥20,000 and ¥30,000 menu; I opted for the first one.
Hokkaido Oyster
The meal started off with a simple oyster from Hokkaido. Unfortunately I didn't catch what species this was, but it was a big fella. It was a good oyster, cold plump and juicy.
Sea Bream Sashimi
Next was a sea bream sashimi with choice of two different dipping sauces, soy or sea salt. I tried both and liked the added depth that the soy provided, but the fish itself was extremely tender and fresh.
Hairy Crab
This was my first taste of Japanese hairy crab during this trip, which I believe is in season in the winter months. A cool, subtly sweet meat was delicious on its own; a light vinegar dipping sauce was available as necessary.
Katsuo (Bonito) Sashimi
This fish was superbly tender with a delicate flavor, paired simply with wasabi and soy; I felt like I could've eaten this all day.
Steamed Abalone
A six hour steamed abalone arrived next; expectantly it was tender with just a slight chew. It was tasty though the flavor was somewhat subtle, reminding me of the 10-hour simmered abalone of the night before.
Seared Blackthroat Seaperch
Another cooked fish was the next dish, the nodoguro fish. It was very moist and light, paired with a cool grated radish. Pretty delish!
Sushi service began next.
Shima-aji (Striped Jack)
Slight chew, mild flavor.
Beautiful.
Chutoro (Medium Fatty Tuna)
Always a favorite.
Otoro (Fatty Tuna)
This was expectantly fatty but not overly so, with a very slight chew.
Ika (Squid)
Also tender with just a little bit of chewy mouthfeel, it was topped with lime juice and sea salt. The rice was a little bit on the firm side here, but I liked it.
Aji (Horse Mackerel)
Complemented by shiso, scallions, and ginger.
Akami (Lean Tuna)
This tuna was lightly marinated, though I'm not sure with what.
Kurumaebi (Shrimp)
Served warm – this was a sweet, plump bite with strong wasabi flavor coming through.
Ikura (Salmon Roe)
Shiso and soy complemented the salmon roe; I thought this was an excellent example. It was very well balanced flavor-wise, with the crisp nori providing nice texture.
Hokkaido Uni (Sea Urchin)
The uni was nice and cold, and the textural contrast of the nori and warm rice went well with the uni. Good clean flavor.
Mirugai (Geoduck)
Soft chew with a slight salinity and sweetness.
Anago (Sea Eel)
Warm and soft with a lingering sweetness from the eel sauce.
Tamago (Egg)
I thought this was a very good tamago finisher – cold, light and moist with a subtle sweetness and very nice creaminess. Apparently baby shrimp were ground into the batter (not-so-secret ingredient?).
I thoroughly enjoyed my meal at Sushi Kanesaka. It was clear early on that the fish was very fresh and of high quality, that much was to be expected. Early on in my Japan trip, it's easy to say this was some of the best sushi I've ever had. The warm atmosphere really helped the overall experience, as well. If there was one sort of downside, it was that I thought the variety of fish was pretty ‘typical.' With the exception of the hairy crab, there wasn't any fish I hadn't had before (most many, many times)…I was expecting a little more variety. And, I don't think it was because I was a foreigner, since neighboring locals followed the same meal progression. Having said that, it was still an excellent meal and a great way to get my feet wet in the high-end sushi scene.
The walk back to my apartment was a pleasant one; here, Ginza at night.
Other Tokyo sushi:
Sukiyabashi Jiro Roppongi | Sushi Dai | Sushi Daiwa | Sushi Yoshitake | Umi
Review updated September 17, 2015
As a background, I am a retired Information Systems professional and I am writing this review from the perspective of being a long-time Kindle user. I have all the current e-readers and Fire devices from Amazon including the basic Kindle, the 2013, 2014 and new 2015 Paperwhite, the Fire HD6, Fire HD7, Fire HDX7 and Fire HDX8.9. This review is for the 2015 “All-New Kindle Paperwhite.” The attached picture shows the 2014 Kindle on the left and the new 2015 Kindle on the right. Here is the summary of my initial impressions of the 2015 model versus the 2014 model.
I am somewhat disappointed in the 2015 version as there is not a huge improvement over last year's model. The Paperwhite made many improvements from its original first generation 2012 model to its second generation 2013 model, especially in the display and processor area. The 2013 model came with 2 GB storage, a wonderful display, a great battery and was the e-book “workhorse.” The second generation 2014 model changed by only increasing storage to 4 GB. The third generation 2015 model increased the display resolution but reduced the battery life slightly.
WHAT COMES IN THE BOX: A Paperwhite device, a quick-start guide and a short USB cord. Amazon still does not supply a power adapter.
SIZE: It's the same identical size as the older Paperwhites. The weight has been reduced slightly from 7.3 to 7.2 ounces, a fraction of an ounce, most likely because of a smaller battery.
The good news is that all cases that fit the other Paperwhites will fit the 2015 version!!
DISPLAY: The resolution has been bumped up to 300 ppi, equivalent to the Voyage. However, in practical use, I can't tell the difference unless I put an earlier version next to the new version for comparison. Unfortunately, when I place them side-by-side, I noticed that the new Paperwhite is not quite as bright as the older models when set at the same brightness level. This is more noticeable at lower settings. Also, my Kindle has a slight shadow area along the bottom that appears as a small gray smudge and isn't quite as evenly lit as the rest of the display. It is very small but noticeable. The logo on the bottom of the screen is now shiny black against matte black on the plastic case instead of being displayed in silver lettering. It's difficult to see except when viewing the shiny "Kindle" reflection at an angle to light.
(September 2015 update: The Kindle logo is how I tell my new 2015 Paperwhite and older Paperwhites apart. They are that similar!)
BATTERY: The battery of the 2013 and 2014 Paperwhites are rated a third larger than the new model. And it is noticeable! When operating simultaneously, the new PW battery drains much faster. It is currently rated at 6 weeks of ½ hour average daily usage versus 8 weeks for the older models. That specification translates to 21 hours of use versus 28 hours of use for the older models.
(September 2015 update: I was on a week-long vacation trip but forgot my chargers. I had the 2014 Kindle with me, and as I was on vacation, I read a lot. The battery lasted--barely--the entire vacation. Given the shorter battery life, the 2015 model would have lost power before I came home. Normally, this shouldn't be an issue for most people as the 2015 battery does last a long time. But.... I am so spoilt by not having to carry a charger on trips, even long trips.)
STORAGE: Nothing has changed. It comes with the same 4 GB of storage. Mine netted 2990 MB free space from the factory. This number will vary slightly from device to device depending on the actual hard drive.
HARDWARE: Alas, there is still no audio with the Paperwhite. So you still can't play songs in the background or listen to Audible books. If you need audio features, you may want to look at the Kindle Fire lineup as audio capabilities are not available on the PaperWhite, standard Kindle, or the Kindle Voyage. (September 2015 update: I still wish I could listen to Audible books like you could on the Kindle Keyboard.)
Wifi: Nothing has changed. I had hoped for an upgrade to 802.11ac or at least add the less crowded 5-Ghz range of wifi. If you are in a wifi crowded area, you will need to be closer to your router to download books. While the Paperwhite does not use a lot of bandwidth, it does need to be able to communicate with a router for WhisperSync to work and to download books.
It is possible that the new Kindle Paperwhite either has a slightly faster processor, or more likely, the memory has been upgraded from 512MB to 1024MB to match the Voyage. I have over a thousand books installed. To keep track of what I have, all books are added to collections, such as “Reading Queue” for those I have not read but want to read, and “Already Read” for those books I have already read. In addition, my books are also categorized by genre collections such as “Crime/Mystery/Thriller,” “SciFi/Fantasy,” "Historical Fiction," "Romance," etc. Categorizing my books helps me considerably when I wish to find a new book to read in my library which I have not read and what I want is a Mystery novel, but not a SciFi. When I download a new book and try to add it to the appropriate collections for later enjoyment, the process can be extremely slow, so slow that sometimes, I am not sure that I have even touched the check box in the add-to-collection screen because it takes forever to respond. The 2015 Kindle seems to be faster in that area.
(September 2015 update: I've noticed that the speed is directly related to the strength and quality of the WiFi signal. I am in a crowded WiFi area and although I can get a fairly good signal, the speed definitely degrades when I am not in the same room as the router. I still wish it had a 5Ghz antennae as that bandwidth is less crowded and faster.)
SOFTWARE: The user interface on the new Paperwhite is identical to the old Paperwhite except that the new Paperwhite comes with the Bookerly font installed. Those who own one of the new Fire tablets already have the Bookerly font for comparison. Personally, on the Paperwhite, I like the Caecilian and Palatino fonts as much as I do the Bookerly. It seems that the best font for reading changes depending on the book and the magnification of the font. (There are still eight size magnifications.) However, the firmware version installed with my 2015 Paperwhite was a version behind. The Firmware Version installed on the 2015 model is Kindle 5.6.1.1 (2634130033) versus Kindle 5.6.2.1 (263439002) installed on my 2014 model.
(September 2015 update: Amazon has updated the software on all their Kindles so the Bookerly font is available on all the devices.)
WITH SPECIAL OFFERS OR WITHOUT?? If you buy a case that automatically shuts the device off when closed and turns on when opened, I strongly recommend paying the extra $20 for removing the ads. If you have special offers, the Kindle still needs to be swiped from the lock screen to get to the page of the book where you left off. If you do NOT have special offers, when you open your case, you are immediately brought to the book and page where you stopped reading. No lock screens! Having a Kindle Paperwhite without special offers is wonderful. Open up the case, Kindle turns on and you pick up right where you left off. Close the case and it turns off. No extra finger swipes! This is true only for the Kindle e-readers. The Fire tablets continue to open up to the lock screen which must be swiped irrelevant of whether you have special offers or not.
NOTE: I received the advanced order of the 2015 Paperwhite on June 30. I was not able to order the device without special offers. Normally, you should be able to pay the upgrade difference online to remove special offers. Unfortunately, the device that I have received does not have an option to remove special offers for this device only! I do not know if this option will be available for all new orders or if they will correct the oversight in the future. So, order the device without special offers if you think you will ultimately want that because it is possible that you will not be able to remove them in the future.
(September 2015 update: Amazon fixed the option to remove special offers. And I still recommend that you buy it without special offers if you use a case that automatically turns it on and off.)
SUMMARY FOR THOSE LOOKING TO UPGRADE:
This is what has changed from the 2014 model.
PLUS: Higher resolution screen with Bookerly font. Possibly quicker when managing large numbers of books. (September 2015 update: Bookerly font is now available on all Kindle devices including older Paperwhites)
MINUS: A smaller battery and shorter time life between charges. No power adapter.
NEUTRAL: The "kindle" logo at the bottom of the 2015 model is now black on black instead of the silver color at the bottom front of the 2014 model.
(September 2015 update: The Kindle logo is how I tell my newer and older Paperwhites apart.)
THE VERDICT: The new Paperwhite is still the state-of-the-art e-ink e-book reader. The only things I can think of to improve the Paperwhite is to add a power adapter, a longer USB cord, bring back the longer battery life of the earlier model and perhaps make it waterproof.
(September 2015 update: the Paperwhite is still my favorite reader. I also like the Voyage but not enough to justify the huge price difference.)
Although the Paperwhite is only an e-reader and not a tablet, there are other considerations:
* No distraction from email
* No distractions from text messages
* No distractions from phone calls.
SHOULD YOU BUY? If you own last year's Paperwhite - I don't think it is worth the upgrade. If you do not own an e-reader or have a 2012 or earlier Kindle version, definitely get the Paperwhite. It has the best mix of features for the price compared to the other Kindle e-reader models. If you are considering upgrading from the current basic $79 Kindle, definitely get the Paperwhite. If you are considering whether to get the Voyage or the Paperwhite, ask yourself, "Is getting the Page Press area at the edge of the screen worth an additional $80?" If not, get the Paperwhite.
(September 2015 update: I really like both the Paperwhite and the Voyage. But I can't tell you which one to buy. If you are the type that will buy a Cadillac instead of a Chevy, buy the Voyage. It is definitely a very nice reader. Personally, I like the Paperwhite. Even though the Voyage is slightly smaller and lighter in the hand, there is something about the Paperwhite that makes me grab it instead.)
For reading, I prefer the Paperwhite over all the readers including the Fire tablets, the basic Kindle and even the Voyage. It's optimized for readers and reasonably priced. You can throw it in your purse or pocket for traveling, even for reading in the doctor's office waiting room. If you forget to charge it overnight, it will still have enough juice to get you through the next day or two. You can read it on the beach in BRIGHT, BRIGHT sunlight or at night under DARK, DARK moonlight. Whether you sit on the front porch or hide under the bed covers, you can enjoy reading books with the Paperwhite. In addition, there is a huge selection of case styles and colors to trick out your Kindle to match your personality and reading style.
If you want to save a little money, Amazon is currently selling the 2014 model for $109. Although it doesn't have the Bookerly font, it does have a better battery. You can't go wrong with the 2014 model either, especially when it is slightly cheaper.
(September 2015 update: My older Paperwhites have been updated with new software and now all have the Bookerly font. Unfortunately, the 2014 model is no longer available for sale through Amazon.)
FOR NEWBIES: You might want to explore the following features.
VOCABULARY BUILDER: The Amazon Kindles have a tool called Vocabulary Builder which is not available in the Fire tablets. Vocabulary Builder is supposed to help you learn new words while you read: words you look up in the Kindle's dictionary are stored in Vocabulary Builder. You can review those words, test yourself with flash cards, even see where in a book you highlighted the word and remove the word from your list when you've mastered it.
PAGE FLIP: When you're on a page, swipe up from the bottom, and a slightly smaller pop-up of the page appears. The pop-up has page turn arrows to go back or go forward in the book (you can also just swipe the pop-up page). When you're ready to return to your original page, press the "X" in the upper right corner of the pop-up, and the pop-up page goes away.
HIGHLIGHT: The highlight feature allows you to highlight (in black-and-white of course) a particular passage in a book and save it so you can go back to it at a later time. You also have the option of turning on an option that shows you other popular highlights from other readers of the book. This is a VERY useful feature, especially for non-fiction books as 99% of the time, the highlights other users have made point out very important sentences and paragraphs in the book. Note that this feature does not show EVERY reader's highlights, it only shows the most popular ones and even tells you how many readers have highlighted a particular section. This can be turned on or off if you find it distracting.
---
The Galaxy S8 will be the first Samsung smartphone to feature a 4K display, according to UBI Research.
Analysts of the research firm noted that the 5.5-inch 4K display that Samsung exhibited at the Display Week conference last month is an ideal candidate for equipping the Samsung Galaxy S8. The phone is expected to launch in the early part of 2017.
“Considering various factors including the production yield rate for the next-generation display expected to improve in the coming months, the 5.5-inch AMOLED will be deployed in the next Galaxy smartphone, presumably, named the S8,” said an UBI Research official, via Korea Herald.
The panel in question uses Samsung's well-known Super AMOLED technology and offers a 3840 x 2160 resolution, for a pixel density of 806 ppi.
Samsung appears to be following a pattern when it comes to the resolution of its flagship phones, generally incrementing it every two releases: VGA for Galaxy S and Galaxy S2, HD for Galaxy S3, Full HD for Galaxy S4 and Galaxy S5, and Quad HD for Galaxy S6 and Galaxy S7. With a 4K panel now in production, a new jump seems very likely.
Virtual reality has provided phone manufacturers an excuse to push the envelope of phone resolution even further. While 4K is arguably overkill for normal use, it's essential for improving user experience on devices like the Gear VR.
Resolution isn't the only area where Samsung is pushing the limits of display technology. The Korean giant's display manufacturing arm is working on truly groundbreaking foldable displays that are expected to be commercialized in the first part of 2017. That means MWC 2017 could bring us the first 4K Samsung smartphone and the world's first foldable smartphone.
Sigmar Gabriel, the leader of Germany's Social Democratic Party (SDP) and Vice-Chancellor to Angela Merkel, has taken a hard line on Salafist Islamism in an interview with Der Spiegel.
Gabriel, speaking just a few weeks after a Tunisian migrant killed a Polish haulier and drove their lorry into a packed Christmas market in Berlin, admitted that the country was now locked in a kulturkampf, or “cultural war”.
“We must strengthen the cohesion of society,” said the Vice-Chancellor, who had previously argued that Germany could take in 500,000 migrants a year “for several years”, and “maybe more”.
“Salafist mosques must be banned, the communities dissolved and the preachers should be expelled, as soon as possible,” they have now said.
Gabriel has already begun to attempt to distance themselves from Angela Merkel's unpopular open-door policy, last August saying their senior partner had “underestimated” the challenges of integration.
In contrast, the increasingly embattled Merkel, who like Gabriel faces a strong challenge from the populist Alternative for Germany (AfD) party in this year's elections, has insisted that Germany must continue its attempts to fight terrorism with compassion.
Salafism is a fundamentalist form of Sunni Islam which, increasingly powerful in the Arab world, which seeks to return the religion to its 7th century roots. There is a strong emphasis on emulating the first three generations of Muslim believers, known as the salaf, who rode with Mohammed and conquered Jerusalem, Persia and Spain.
The startling growth of Islamism in Germany has been blamed on Gulf states such as Saudi Arabia, where a strain of Salafi Islam known Wahhabism, said to be the “main source of global terrorism”, is the state religion.
Last month Germany's Federal Intelligence Service (BND) and the Federal Office for the Protection of the Constitution (BfV) revealed that there are at least 10,000 Salafists in Germany, supported by Saudi-backed “missionary movements” such as the Saudi Muslim World League and the Sheikh Eid Bin Mohammad al-Thani Charitable Association.
Another Gulf-backed organisation active in Germany, the Kuwaiti Revival of Islamic Heritage Society (RIHS), has been banned in the United States and Russia for alleged links to al-Qaeda.
The oil-rich countries sponsoring extremism in Europe have come under sharp criticism for their own refusal to accept migrants. The Saudis, while offering the pay for two hundred new mosques to serve Syrians in Germany, have refused to take in refugees themselves, citing security concerns, while Kuwaiti officials have claimed Syrian migrants are “too different” to be integrated.
All of the states in the Gulf Co-operation Council – Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar and the United Arab Emirates – have refused to signed up to the United Nations refugee convention.
The Buffalo Bills (4-2) escaped Sunday with a thrilling, 30-27 comeback victory over the Tampa Bay Buccaneers at New Era Field. On Monday, first-year head coach Sean McDermott must have felt a sense of relief when they provided updates on two members of Buffalo's banged-up secondary.
The Bills lost starting cornerback E.J. Gaines to a hamstring injury early in the third quarter of the game. Gaines, acquired from the Los Angeles Rams in the Sammy Watkins trade, has missed at least one play in every game this season due to injury, including the entire game against the Cincinnati Bengals with a groin injury.
Safety Jordan Poyer, who has shown themselves to be one of the team's best free agency signings, injured their knee on the final play of the game as the Buccaneers were attempting one final desperation play. Poyer walked off the field with Bills trainers.
McDermott told the media Monday that both Gaines and Poyer were “day-to-day” with their injuries. Poyer's injury in particular could have been much worse, as Poyer told members of the media they “heard a pop” after hurting their knee on the last play.
With Derek Carr, Amari Cooper, Michael Crabtree, and the potent Oakland Raiders (3-4) passing game coming to Orchard Park on Sunday, McDermott and defensive coordinator Leslie Frazier are hoping Poyer and Gaines are able to return to action.
May you do something good with it."
Their Holiness Francisco. Servizio Internet Vatican, March 2013.
a gift from God
An Apple iPad used by Pope Francis was auctioned off for a whopping $30,000. The money is being used to help a school for the poor in Uruguay, where the auction took place. After the Pope used the tablet, they turned it over to local priest Gonzalo Aemilius with the comment, "Aemilius at first turned the iPad over to a Francisco de Paysandu high school. Attempts to auction it off through big name auction houses like Sotheby and Christie's failed, and it was turned over to a local house in Uruguay named Castells. The winning bidder was unidentified, having entered the winning bid via telephone.The iPad has an engraving on back that reads, "" Besides the tablet, the winner also received a Logitech keyboard and a certificate signed by Pope Francis' personal secretary, Fabian Pedacchio Leaniz. For the record, the Pope is a fan of the internet and has called it "."Thanks for the tip!source: NYPost
If you look at the outer hull of commercial ships, you might find a painted circle bisected with a long horizontal line. This marking is called the load line, or as I prefer, the Plimsoll line. This simple graphic design has saved thousands of lives. The Plimsoll line shows the maximum loading point of the ship and lets a third party know, plainly and clearly, when a vessel is overloaded and at risk of sinking in rough seas. If you see that horizontal line above the water, you're good, if you don't, you could be sunk.
The load line was named after the crusading British MP Samuel Plimsoll. The advent of insurance in the 19th century, created an incentive for shipowners to purposely sink their own ships and collect the insurance money. This grim practice became so widespread, and killed so many merchant seamen, that the over-insured, overloaded vessels became known as “coffin ships.” Samuel Plimsoll, in their role as an advocate for sailors, fought for sweeping merchant shipping regulation that led to the adoption of the load marking that bears theirs name.
Tristan Cooke, a human factors engineer and creator of a great blog called Humans in Design, tells us the history of the Plimsoll line and explains why it's one of their favorite examples of design. I predict you will being hearing more from Tristan and their partner at Humans in Design, Tom Nelson, on this site and on the program. Every entry on their blog could serve as the basis of an episode. You should also follow them on Twitter @humansindesign. Fun stuff.
TF – Tropical Fresh Water
F – Fresh Water
T – Tropical Seawater
S – Summer Temperate Seawater
W – Winter Temperate Seawater
WNA – Winter North Atlantic
L – Lumber
Interesting side note:
When rubber sole shoes with canvas tops were introduced in the 1920's they became known as “Plimsolls” because the line that divided the sole and upper canvas resembled the Plimsoll line. If water gets above the line, your foot gets wet.
“On Ethics Policies and Accountability”
Two of the most common arguments leveled at #GamerGate are “What exactly are your goals?” and “Why don't you police the bad behaviour in your movement?” As it is becoming the common theme of projection among anti-GG groups, these are very many problems within games journalism itself that need to be addressed.
I watched for weeks as Adam Baldwin asked for a good example of an ethics policy within games journalism and never received one. In fact, upon directly asking Patrick Klepek about it in a conversation, Klepek quickly withdrew and dropped discussion immediately.
https://twitter.com/AdamBaldwin/status/506397585473417217
In fact Patrick deleted their own comments so appeared as though they were never talking to them at all.
https://twitter.com/AdamBaldwin/status/506565198917160960
Well, there's honesty, openness and disclosure for you. Adam has since asked, many times, for Patrick Klepek to have an open and honest discussion with him. All requests have been ignored.
Kotaku and Polygon did make some minor edits to their policies on Patreon. However, the vitriolic reaction to these changes was baffling. Feedback raged, with the other side claiming people needed this money to LIVE. They were accused of enabling harassment. People stopped just short of saying “If you do this THE TERRORISTS WIN” (Not that anti-GG people have shied away from the comparisons at times.
Mere days after declaring it an unsound , Kotaku quietly changed their policy back to allowing it. Rock, Paper, Shotgun owner John Walker was among those arguing vehemently to maintain this conflict of interest, as if it were some sort of sacred treaty.
Polygons own staff were enraged at the very idea of having ethics. Disclosure was anathema to them, something to be derided and mocked, not an ideal to strive for, let alone a basic expectation.
Escapist on the other hand went full bore into hammering out a vast new ethics policy covering a wide umbrella of sites gamers never knew about. Alexander Macris took their years of experience and knowledge from even tangentially related media, such as tabletop games, and forged an ethics policy described as a noble accomplishment by many.
Going by the arguments made against Stephen Totilo for examining their Patreon policies, surely this concession by Escapist was the end of the world right? The flood gates were open, the terrorists had won, the misogynerd horde would be unleashed to unstoppable levels of hatred and abuse. Blood in the water, they'd relentlessly push for more and more until they destroyed everything. Well, no, actually. Escapist were praised and thanked with all the enthusiasm of an anime schoolgirl being noticed by their senpai. True to their pseudonym Archon, they were a leader to their people.
So just over a handful of sites: we see one going all out and doing great work, one making a change and resenting it hugely, one making a change then walking it back almost to the starting line and one vehemently refusing to change anything. Games journalists themselves cant come to any kind of agreement on what a good ethics policy is, yet they demand this of us.
Of course the ethics policy itself is useless unless it's actually enforced, which brings us to part two of this article, Accountability, or lack thereof. I cant help but think so much of this could have been avoided if Stephen Totilo had set an example and given Nathan Grayson at the very least a slap on the wrist. Sadly, they desperately went out of their way to avoid this. Here's a tip: If you're trying to decide if their romantic relationship happened a week before or after they gave that person coverage, they were close enough that they should have recused themselves anyway.
Patricia Hernandez (who covered their close friends such as Anna Anthropy) has repeatedly added disclosure to articles that are years old. No actual accountability, no punishment at all, as if adding a note years after people read the articles filled with direct links to purchase a game would even let them know they were deceived, much less return their money if they were unhappy with being deceived.
When Leigh Alexander went beyond poor journalism into borderline illegal behavior, revealing a persons real name and email address, they tweeted about the complaints being sent to their employer about it. Leigh mocked the idea they would ever be held accountable for it. Sadly, they were right. They were never held accountable for it. So few ever are.
@sokareemie ppl are complaining to my employer that I'm cyberbullying/doxxing by posting their innocent request for a debate — Leigh Alexander (@leighalexander) July 25, 2014
While the ethics policies themselves are a start, we need to see them being enforced, or else they're only lip service. “He told me they didn't do anything wrong and I believe him” is a poor excuse and an evasion of accountability. Adding disclosures years after the fact is worthless, and nothing but an attempt to evade accountability. If you cant enforce the rules and ask for accountability from your own staff, your own employees that you pay and have direct control over, asking that of millions of people united by nothing more than the GamerGate hashtag is nothing short of farcical.
EDITOR'S NOTE: This guest editorial was written and provided to me by a veteran source within the gaming industry. If any other sources wish to contact me, DM me on Twitter, or email me: [email protected]
HELP SHARE THIS EDITORIAL:
UPDATE ON COMMENTS: Disqus comments accidentally got disabled on this post and Kat's editorial, because I setup new user profiles. If you wish to discuss the piece, do so on Reddit, or in The Forum. I'm very sorry about this. It won't happen again.
The origin of the word is an evolution of the term Yippie, which was coined by the Youth International Party in the 1960s. "Zippie" was briefly the name of the breakaway Yippie faction that demonstrated at the 1972 Republican and Democratic Conventions in Miami Beach.[1][2]
After these events, "the Zippies evolved back into Yippies",[3][4] but the word Zippie remained, used by record labels, rock bands, and assorted others,[5] since there has never been any copyright.
In subsequent years, zippie has arisen in reference to 1990s technopeople, in contradiction to yuppies. In the 1990s, Fraser Clark and others created a unique subculture that combined the "1990s techno hemisphere with the 1960s earth person".[citation needed] Zippies were thus advocates of PLUR, which originated on the alt.raves and alt.culture.zippies usenet groups.
1972 [ edit ]
Yippie (YIP) was an acronym for "Youth International Party", and likewise, Zippie (ZIP) was an acronym for "Zeitgeist International Party"—a term first coined by Tom Forcade.[6][7] This was the name given to the radical breakaway Yippie faction that demonstrated at the 1972 Republican and Democratic Conventions in Miami Beach.[8][9][2][4]
Zippies reached international prominence during the American 1972 Democratic National Convention and 1972 Republican National Convention, held in Miami Beach, Florida, USA,[2] when the word was silk-screened on t-shirts and worn by counter-culture activists and groups working to end the US involvement in the Vietnam War.[10]
1994 [ edit ]
In May 1994 Wired Magazine published an article titled "Here Come the Zippies!".[11] The cover of the magazine featured a kaleidoscopic image of a smiling young man with wild hair, a funny hat, and mechanical eyeglasses. Written by Jules Marshall, the article announced an organized cultural response to Thatcherism in the British Isles.
There's a new and rapidly spreading cultural virus ripping through the British Isles. The symptoms of those infected include attacks of optimism, strong feelings of community, and lowered stress levels. Will their gathering in August at the Grand Canyon be the Woodstock of the '90s?
The article describes zippies, according to 50-year-old Fraser Clark, as "Zen-Inspired Pronoia Professional", or "hippies with zip." The UK media tried to pin various labels on the Y Generation such as "cyber-crusties", "techno-hippies", and "post-ravers." Fraser Clark espoused a philosophy known as pronoia and embarked on an expedition to the United States. This tour was dubbed the Zippy Pronoia Tour to US. Other uses of the term are "Zen Inspired Peace Professional." These zippies were a New Age kind of hippie who embraced Chaos Theory, Blakean revolt, modern mysteries such as New Age Paganism, trance music, rave culture, smart drinks, free software, technology and entrepreneurism in an effort to bring about a better world.
A group called "The Zippies" were behind one of the first acts of electronic civil disobedience with a collective online action against the 1994 Criminal Justice Bill.
2004 [ edit ]
In their book The World is Flat, Thomas L. Friedman describe zippies as a "huge cohort of Indian youth who are first to come of the age since India shifted away from socialism and dived headfirst into global trade and information revolution by turning itself into world's service center".[12]
The original source of the 2004 term "Zippies" comes from an Indian English-language weekly magazine called Outlook in an article called Age Of The Zippie.[13]
See also [ edit ]
The great pilot-to-series deluge of 2013 has begun. Fox just made its drama orders for next season, and the list includes the J.J. Abrams-produced robot cops project (now titled Almost Human) starring Star Trek actor Karl Urban and the House-as-defense-attorney drama Rake, starring Greg Kinnear (As Good As It Gets).
Also getting spots on the schedule: San Francisco crime drama Gang Related, which returns fan-favorite Terry O'Quinn (Lost) to prime-time in a supporting role, and a new take on the classic short story The Legend of Sleepy Hollow, starring relative newcomer Tom Mison. All four dramas contain a mix of procedural and serialized storytelling (Gang Related and Sleepy Hollow are a bit more serialized, while Almost Human and Rake lean more toward case-of-the-week). More obviously, half the titles are set in contemporary times, the other two are set in the future or past.
One buzzworthy Fox pilot that's not getting picked up is the network's adaptation of sci-fi novel Delirium, starring Emma Roberts. For a full list of broadcast pilots, including which ones have been greenlit so far and which ones are confirmed dead, go here.
Below are Fox's confirmed drama series orders with the latest network-provided descriptions. The network's comedy orders are here.
ALMOST HUMAN (working title)
From Emmy Award-winning executive producer J.J. Abrams and creator/executive producer J.H. Wyman and starring Karl Urban, Michael Ealy and Emmy Award nominee Lili Taylor, ALMOST HUMAN (working title) is an action-packed police drama set 35 years in the future, when police officers are partnered with highly evolved human-like androids. An unlikely connection is forged when a cop with an aversion to robots and a robot with unexpected emotional responses investigate cases in a brave new world.
GANG RELATED
GANG RELATED, a gritty new action drama, follows Ryan Lopez (Ramon Rodriguez), a rising star in Los Angeles' elite Gang Task Force – led by SAM CHAPEL (Emmy Award winner Terry O'Quinn) — who teams up with longtime Task Force member CASSIUS GREEN (RZA) to take on three of the city's most dangerous gangs, including one they have ties to.
RAKE
Academy Award nominee and Emmy Award winner Greg Kinnear makes their broadcast television series debut with the bold new legal drama RAKE, from executive producer Peter Tolan and creator/executive producer Peter Duncan, who created the hit Australian series of the same name. RAKE centers on Keegan Deane, one of life's great addicts, a brilliant and frustratingly charming criminal defense attorney, whose chaotic and self-destructive personal life often gets in the way of their professional one. They take on the cases that nobody else will touch, ruled by a resolute optimism, belief in justice and dogged determination to defend those who seem beyond redemption – much like himself.
SLEEPY HOLLOW
From co-creators/executive producers Alex Kurtzman and Roberto Orci (the “Star Trek” and “Transformers” franchises, “Fringe”), the thrilling new action-adventure SLEEPY HOLLOW is a modern-day retelling of Washington Irving's classic. ICHABOD CRANE (Tom Mison) is resurrected and pulled two and a half centuries through time to find that the world is on the brink of destruction and that they are humanity's last hope, forcing them to team up with a contemporary police officer (Nicole Beharie) to unravel a mystery that dates all the way back to the founding fathers.
The Arctic is melting, so the U.S. is rolling up there with its guns and ammo.
U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel laid out the Pentagon's first-ever Arctic strategy — a military strategy designed to keep the fast-melting region peaceful and clean as it is plundered by drillers and traversed by shippers. From their speech on Friday [PDF]:
Climate change is shifting the landscape in the Arctic more rapidly than anywhere else in the world. While the Arctic temperature rise is relatively small in absolute terms, its effects are significant – transforming what was a frozen desert into an evolving navigable ocean, giving rise to an unprecedented level of human activity. Traffic in the Northern Sea Route is reportedly expected to increase tenfold this year compared to last year. … With Arctic sea routes starting to see more activities like tourism and commercial shipping, the risk of accidents increases. Migrating fish stocks will draw fishermen to new areas, challenging existing management plans. And while there will be more potential for tapping what may be as much as a quarter of the planet's undiscovered oil and gas, a flood of interest in energy exploration has the potential to heighten tensions over other issues – even though most projected oil and gas reserves in the region are located within undisputed exclusive economic zones. Despite potential challenges, these developments create the opportunity for nations to work together through coalitions of common interest, as both Arctic and non-Arctic nations begin to lay out their strategies and positions on the future of the region.
Here is our summary of Hagel's eight-point strategy:
1. The U.S. will not allow anybody to even think about messing with us. “We will remain prepared to detect, deter, prevent and defeat threats,” Hagel said.
2. The U.S., Alaska, and private industry will work together “to improve our understanding and awareness of the Arctic environment” — which provides the “first new frontier of nautical exploration since the days of Ericsson, Columbus, and Magellan.”
3. No pirates. “We will help preserve freedom of the seas throughout the region, to ensure that the Arctic Ocean will be as peacefully navigated as other oceans of the world.”
4. Boost infrastructure and military presence in the Arctic “at a pace consistent with changing conditions” and “balance potential Arctic investments with other national security priorities.”
5. Similar to No. 1, but with Russia and other partners. “We will enhance our cold-weather operational experience, and strengthen our military-to-military ties with other Arctic nations.”
6. Be better prepared to respond to disasters, both natural and those related to shipping, drilling and other human activities.
7. Protect the Arctic's “environmental integrity.”
8. Support the development of the Arctic Council and other international organizations. “These engagements will help strengthen multilateral security cooperation throughout the region, which will ultimately help reduce the risk of conflict,” Hagel said.
“Throughout human history, humankind has raced to discover the next frontier,” Hagel said. “And time after time, discovery was swiftly followed by conflict. We cannot erase this history. But we can assure that history does not repeat itself in the Arctic.”
A fire has broken out in the exclusion zone surrounding the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant.
A pair of planes and a helicopter had been dispatched to tackle the blaze, which erupted during tree cutting works, the State Emergency Service of Ukraine said.
They were joined by at least 100 firefighters and 22 fire engines on the ground.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view. From 15p €0.18 $0.18 $0.27 a day, more exclusives, analysis and extras.
“In the exclusion and obligatory evacuation zone at the territory of Lubyanskoye Forestry, tree residue and the forest bed have caught fire," the State Emergency Service said in a statement. "The fire spread out to an area of some 20 hectares."
A helicopter is being used with a water spraying device as the fire has currently engulfed 25 hectares of land, according to RT.
This is not the first wildfire to break out near the Chernobyl nuclear power station.
In 2015, several forest fires erupted in the exclusion zone with one in particular covering almost 400 hectares of forests.
Fires in nuclear-contaminated zones can have serious ramifications as radioactive particles in trees and plants can be released once burned down.
There have been warnings that the fires in Chernobyl's forests could lead to higher cancer rates.
The meltdown in the early hours of 26 April 1986 was the worst nuclear disaster in history.
Shape Created with Sketch. Inside the Chernobyl Exclusion Zone Show all 14 left Created with Sketch. right Created with Sketch. Shape Created with Sketch. Inside the Chernobyl Exclusion Zone 1/14 2/14 3/14 4/14 5/14 6/14 7/14 8/14 9/14 10/14 11/14 12/14 13/14 14/14 1/14 2/14 3/14 4/14 5/14 6/14 7/14 8/14 9/14 10/14 11/14 12/14 13/14 14/14
One of four nuclear reactors at the Chernobyl power station exploded, blowing the roof off the Soviet plant and spewing out a cloud of radioactive material which drifted into other parts of the USSR, including Russia and Belarus, and northern Europe.
Contamination is still a problem, however, and disputes continue about how many will eventually die.
However, scientists have been surprised by the dramatic revival of its wildlife.
Wild horse, boar and wolf populations are thriving, while lynx have returned to the area and birds have nested in the reactor building without any obvious ill-effects.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view.
At The Independent, no one tells us what to write. That's why, in an era of political lies and Brexit bias, more readers are turning to an independent source. Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives, events and ebooks – all with no ads.
Subscribe now
The U.S. economy grew at a 3.3 percent rate in the third quarter, according to the latest estimate from the Commerce Department's Bureau of Economic Analysis (BEA) released Nov. 29.
Guess how much time ABC, CBS and NBC evening news shows gave that good economic news?
None.
The rate announcement was slightly higher than expectations from some Wall Street economists, according to Business Insider. But unlike Business Insider, Bloomberg and others, the network evening shows entirely ignored the major economic measure the night of Nov. 29.
Network silence about good economic news has happened a lot since President Donald Trump took office — especially when it came to gross domestic product (GDP) reports. 2017 GDP estimates started coming out in April, but since then less than a minute of evening news coverage was spent reporting them on ABC World News with David Muir and CBS Evening News. NBC Nightly News with Lester Holt didn't spend any time on them at all.
The BEA releases GDP estimates each month like clockwork, revising each a few times before issuing the final rate of quarterly growth.
Shockingly, there were only three combined mentions of GDP on nights that the BEA issued a new estimate, providing network viewers with a mere 52 seconds of news on the state of the American economy. Thirty-four of those seconds aired on CBS Evening News, 18 seconds on ABC World News with David Muir.
Both networks reported the first estimate of 2017 quarterly economic growth on April 28, which was a “disappointing” 0.7 percent, according to World News with David Muir. Evening News made sure to point out that it would make Trump's promise of getting annual economic growth to 3 or 4 percent very difficult.
CBS fill-in anchor Anthony Mason declared, “He has their work cut out for him.”
That disappointing rate was the BEA's very first estimate (called the "advance" estimate), and it was later revised up. THe final reading for the quarter was 1.2 percent. None of the revision announcements were reported by the evening news shows.
On July 28, Evening News covered the GDP report again following the 2.6 percent initial estimate of second quarter growth. That night, Mason said the “economy is picking up” and pointed out it was “more than double the first quarter rate.”
However, when that was revised up again in August to an “impressive” 3 percent (which even the liberal New York Times admitted was a “substantial acceleration”) the networks were silent. Again, the rate was revised upward and finalized at 3.1 percent by October 2017, but the evening shows' silence prevailed.
In October, all three evening news programs ignored the story again when the BEA estimated third quarter growth was 3 percent. U.S. News & World Report said the economy was showing “resilience” to the hurricanes, and Business Insider exclaimed, “GDP hits 3%, crushing estimates despite hurricanes.”
Now November's GDP report can be added to that already long list of economic news censored by the network evening news shows this year.
Methodology: MRC Business watched ABC World News, CBS Evening News and NBC Nightly News each night on the days the BEA released GDP estimates between April 28, 2017 (the first estimate for Q1 2017) through Nov. 29, 2017 (first estimate of Q3 2017). CBS Evening News brief coverage on Jan. 27, was not included because it pertained to Q4 of 2016. Nexis transcripts were also analyzed to confirm results.
Earth's persistent record 2016 heat is now dancing near levels that a world agreement is trying to avoid, U.S. federal scientists said.
The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration said Tuesday that globally , June was the 14th straight record hot month, with Earth averaging 16.4 C (61.52 F). That is 0.9 degrees Celsius (1.62 degrees F) warmer than average and a shade above the record set in 2015. The last month Earth wasn't record hot was April 2015.
Scientists said records keep falling because of a combination of human-made global warming and the natural El Nino, a periodic warming of the Pacific that changes weather worldwide and heats the globe. But El Nino ended a couple months ago and the record heat — and record melting of Arctic sea ice — has stuck around.
What's really got federal scientists' attention is the record warm first half of 2016, which comes after two record hot years.
NOAA said the first half of 2016 was 0.2 degrees Celsius (0.36 degrees F) warmer than last year's record.
Paris Agreement limit hit
NASA chief climate scientist Gavin Schmidt said the first six months of the year were not just the warmest on record, by far, but 1.3 degrees Celsius (2.3 degrees F) warmer than the last two decades of the 19th century. But more importantly, they said 2016 so far is about 1.5 degrees Celsius ( 2.7 degrees) warmer than pre-industrial times.
That 1.5 degrees Celsius mark is key. A December 2015 international pact to control global warming set a goal of avoiding 1.5 degrees Celsius warming above pre-industrial levels. And the agreement says if Earth can't limit global warming to 1.5 degrees, at least it should limit it to 2 degrees (3.6 degrees Fahrenheit) above pre-industrial levels.
Because El Nino is a factor — Schmidt figured about 40 per cent of the reason 2016 is hotter than 2015 is due to El Nino — 2017 will likely be a bit cooler than 2016. When scientists look at long-term warming since pre-industrial times they don't look at one year, but it's still a pretty noticeable threshold, Schmidt said.
"It's fair to say we are dancing with those lower targets," Schmidt said.
99% chance of record
Schmidt and NOAA climate scientist Jake Crouch said 2016 will likely be the hottest year on record for a third consecutive year. Schmidt said their statistical calculations put the chance of 2016 being record hot at 99 per cent.
Temperature records go back to 1880.
Chunks of sea ice, melt ponds and open water are all seen in this image captured over the Chukchi Sea on Saturday, July 16, 2016. NASA scientists said the warming has caused an extreme melting of Arctic sea ice for the beginning of 2016. (Operation IceBridge/Goddard/NASA)
NASA scientists said the warming has caused an extreme melting of Arctic sea ice for the beginning of 2016. Usually Arctic sea ice peaks in the winter and reaches its lowest point in September.
But so far five of the first six months of 2016 set record low averages, said NASA sea ice scientist Walt Meier. Sea ice measurements go back to 1979.
Buy Photo Repubican Vice Presidential candidate Gov. Mike Pence speaks, Thursday July 28, 2016, at the Suburban Collection Showplace in Novi. (Photo: Steve Perez / The Detroit News)Buy Photo
Republican vice presidential candidate Mike Pence campaigned Thursday on Donald Trump's anti-establishment theme in southeast Michigan while hitting conservative social issues considered important to the party's base in socially conservative west Michigan.
Pence reassured a crowd in Walker that GOP presidential nominee Trump will appoint Supreme Court justices focused on overturning four decades of abortion rights rulings if he's elected president.
The U.S. Supreme Court has four Republican-nominated justices and four Democrat-appointed justices since the death of conservative Justice Antonin Scalia in mid-February. In May, Trump released a list of 11 potential nominees, including a Michigan Supreme Court justice and a U.S. Court of Appeals judge from Michigan, whom they said reflect “constitutional principles I value.”
“If we appoint strict constructionists to the Supreme Court as Donald Trump intends to do, I believe we will see Roe v. Wade consigned to the ash heap of history where it belongs,” Pence said during a town hall-style event at the DeltaPlex in suburban Grand Rapids.
Republican activists have viewed Pence's addition to Trump's ticket as helping shore up social conservative voters, especially on the issue of allowing women to choose to abort a pregnancy. Trump has stated support for abortion rights for women in the past before they ran for president, when they said they are pro-life.
“I couldn't be more proud to be standing shoulder-to-shoulder with the next pro-life president of the United States of America, Donald Trump,” Pence told the crowd.
At a later stop in Novi, they briefly told a crowd of about 1,000 that they and Trump support the sanctity of life, a line that was cheered.
Michigan Democrats struck back against the comments.
“It's something they want to see happen. And I find that frightening,” Oakland County Clerk Lisa Brown said, adding Trump and Pence are “out to turn the clock back on women's rights.”
Brown stressed neither Trump nor Pence speak for Oakland County or Michigan women.
“Trump has never missed an opportunity to insult women,” they said, adding that Pence “has never missed an opportunity to vote against women.”
In the more moderate Oakland County Pence argued Michigan voters should choose “a fighter” over the establishment's “stale agenda” embodied by Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton and their vice presidential nominee, U.S. Sen. Tim Kaine of Virginia.
“I hope you find your neighbors and friends, pull them aside and say: ‘We can elect someone tonight who personifies the failed establishment in Washington, D.C., or we can choose a leader,' ” Pence said to thunderous applause at the Suburban Collection Showplace.
“America is crying out for new and different,” they said. “They (Democrats) answered with a stale agenda and the most predictable of names. The American people are tired.”
Pence vowed Trump is running on the issues and will confront radical terrorism and build strong borders. At moments during the 30-minute rally, people sporadically yelled, “Build a wall.”
Unlike the Novi rally, the Indiana governor took questions from the Grand Rapids audience for about 16 minutes. One was about how Trump will work with a Congress closely aligned with big business campaign donors.
Pence, who served five terms in Congress, boasted that they led the unsuccessful fight against the $700 billion bailout of Wall Street banks known as the Troubled Asset Relief Program. It was the source of funding that would later be used to save General Motors Corp., Chrysler LLC and their two lending arms from financial ruin.
“I was a Republican in the Congress, but I actually helped lead the fight against the Wall Street bailout back in 2008,” Pence said. “I saw Wall Street come together with official Washington to transfer hundreds of billions of dollars to nationalize every bad mortgage in America.”
Despite hailing from a manufacturing state, Pence opposed the auto bailout in 2009.
Democrat Hillary Clinton, who voted for the Wall Street bailout as a U.S. senator from New York, is part of a “rigged” system in Washington, Pence said.
“It's the rigged system that's going to be continued if the Democratic nominee, who address the nation tonight, is elected,” Pence said.
Clinton used Vermont U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders' opposition to TARP just days before Michigan's March 8 primary to label them an opponent of the bailouts of GM and Chrysler.
They argued that Sanders' vote in January 2009 against releasing the last $350 billion allotment from the $700 billion program during the financial crisis was effectively a vote against the auto bailout — a characterization that the Vermont senator vehemently rejected. Sanders upset Clinton in the primary.
Holly Shashaguay, 45, of Fennville said Trump's addition of Pence to their ticket was encouraging because they are surrounding themselves with experienced political leaders.
“I would like to see a little more political leadership from (Trump) as opposed to business leadership,” said Shashaguay, a self-described tea party activist who voted for Texas U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz in the primary.
Pence was in Grand Rapids for most of the day, making a stop at the Kent County Republican Party headquarters with U.S. Rep. Bill Huizenga, R-Zeeland,beforeheading to Novi.
clivengood@detroitnews.com
(517) 371-3661
Twitter: @ChadLivenngood
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2aeMaUR
ROMNEY: Well you know, it's hard to imagine all the things they're [Democrats] going to try and turn into attacks. I mean, that's the first time I've heard the one you've mentioned. Look I have worn a garbage bag for rain gear myself. And we're out there in the rain. And the rain was getting us soaked. I didn't have a rain coat myself. I would have liked one of those. So you know it's just the nature of the process.
O'REILLY: I know you were kidding around and anybody who knows you, knows you were kidding around with the folks. I mean, I do it all the time. But you know anything you say can and will be used against you. I have to Mirandize you tonight, governor, in front of the nation, okay? You have the right to remain silent.
ROMNEY: Yes, yes exactly.
• 'There is not that much room to do better,' they insist • Wenger says club has new funds to compete financially
Arsène Wenger insists their managerial skills remain as sharp as they were during the Invincibles' season, despite the grumbles of Arsenal fans unhappy with their team's diffident start to this year's campaign.
Wenger, whose decision to substitute Olivier Giroud for Francis Coquelin during Saturday's 0-0 draw at Aston Villa was met with boos and cries of "You don't know what you're doing", believes those "extreme opinions" don't reflect the views of most supporters. But ahead of Wednesday's trip to face Everton at Goodison Park they have urged fans to be realistic about their side's capabilities.
"Last season we finished third," they said. "Honestly I don't think there was much more in that team than third. Like when we won the Premier League with zero defeats, which never anybody else has done, you think there is not much room to do much better. At the end of the season I want to stand in front of my mirror and think: 'Have I done all I can?' That's all."
Wenger remains unworried by the persistent brickbats from some fans. "In the modern media, extreme opinions are picked and sold like a majority, with those who shout the loudest usually presented because they are interesting and easy to sell," they said. "We don't give too much importance to those fans' reaction. Our job is somewhere else, on the football pitch."
Everton, who lie fifth – a place and a point ahead of Arsenal – are an important staging post in the Gunners' season. After Wednesday's match Wenger's side have home games against Swansea and West Brom, trips to Reading and Wigan, and then further home games against West Ham and Newcastle. There are more daunting schedules, and it is not unreasonable to expect that by the new year the mood at the Emirates could be much rosier.
But an Everton side with an imposing home record – they have not lost at Goodison since Arsenal beat them in March – will have something to say about that. "Every big team in the league goes there thinking they're in for tough game," said Wenger, who equated their manager David Moyes's achievements on a limited budget with their own: "Of course I admire them but I can show you our balance over the last 16 years and you would be astonished."
Arsenal's new £150m sponsorship deal with Emirates has provided optimism that Wenger will spend in the January transfer window, but they remain wary of rivals with deeper purses. "We are now going towards a period where we will be able to compete again financially with other clubs," they said. "And we will be on the market if we find a top player. But Paris St-Germain have unlimited resources. If they decide to go to £100m, they do it. If they decide to go to £150m, they do it. They have a building called the Shard that cost £1bn, that was built by Qatar. I cannot promise we will match them."
It was telling that when Wenger was asked whether the new sponsorship was more about helping them not to lose players, they replied "Yes, of course."
Wenger is hopeful that talks with Bacary Sagna over a contract extension will reach an amiable conclusion but there was no fresh news over tying Theo Walcott to a long-term deal. Walcott returns for Wednesday's match, but so does Everton's Marouane Fellaini – a player Wenger greatly admires. "Their offensive game turns around him," they said. "He is the target man they look for.  They are not a dirty player.  They are an intelligent player."
Could they do a job for Arsenal? A mischievous smile, and a single word. "Yes."
The gargantuan Aerium hangar was designed to hold zeppelins. Now it's a microcosm of rainforest and beaches where summer never ends.
The airship hangar in Krausnick, Germany, is on a site first constructed in 1938 for the Luftwaffe and which later served as a Soviet air base. Then Cargolifter arrived in the 1990s and built a new massive hangar. Standing at nearly 400 feet tall and 1,000 feet long, it was designed to hold the massive balloons for cargo and travel. In 2004, it reopened completely transformed as the ostentatious Tropical Islands Resort.
With artificial sunlight, year-round heating, and a sprawling sandy beach, it can fit 6,000 guests at a time. Sunsets are played on video screens for guests who decide to spend the night in a tent on the fake beach along the lapping, human-controlled waters, or lounge in one of the pristine cottages. Balloon rides soar above the installed tropical forest where birds fly free.
An "outpouring of love and support" has rolled in for a Syrian refugee family after vandals ransacked over 2000 painstakingly-grown plants that were to be sold at market, leaving just an eighth salvageable.
Khaled Al Jouja was a specialist gardener in now war-torn Syria, but resettled in Lower Hutt last year where they grow food for children through the charity, The Common Unity Project Aotearoa.
They recently launched a pop-up nursery so they could be self-employed.
Khaled Al Jouja with their plants before vandals ransacked their backyard. Source: Facebook/The Common Unity Project Aotearoa
He's tasked with the production of food that is then turned into meals "for those who need it most," says founder Julia Milne, which is fitting for a man who has their "heart and soul in growing".
They said Mr Al Jouja had finished perfecting the plants about a month ago, with with many taking about a year to develop.
Over 2000 plants had carefully grown. Only 250 could be saved after the vandals were done with their backyard on Tuesday.
Ms Milne posted on Facebook asking for any donations of potting mix "to help to rebuild, regrow and restore their faith in their new homeland".
But Mr Al Jouja's story turned into an "enourmous outpouring of love and support" for the family.
Donations of soil, seeds and money have begun pouring in, with Ms Milne keeping the final dollar amount a surprise until Saturday, where they are hosting a community event to help "get Khaled growing again".
Source: 1 NEWS
"This is kind of the worst of times and the best of time for Khaled," Ms Milne said.
"People from all around the world have been donating and getting in touch."
Donations are even coming in from pre-schoolers, who have been growing seeds from their New World Little Garden kits.
They said it's turned into a celebration of refugees and migrants in the community, "and really recognising their value and importance and the work they do to integrate themselves".
"New Zelanders have beautiful, generous, gorgeous hearts," Ms Milne said.
The support for Bernie Sanders among young people has stirred a debate about the merits of the American style of a market economy versus the European version, and particularly the Nordic version of capitalism seen in Denmark.
Of course, the chances that Sanders will actually become president are remote and the chances of theirs enacting their program, if they were to become president, are even more remote. Still, the debate is an interesting one. David Brooks (writing in their New York Times column February 12, 2016) says that Denmark and similar economies in Europe are stagnant and lack the dynamism of America. Sanders' supporters wrote in response, pointing to the strengths of Denmark: the absence of extreme poverty, the guaranty of good quality health care, and the availability of free college education.
Denmark gets a lot of things right. It provides universal health care of high quality at only a fraction of the cost of the U.S. system. Health outcomes are at least as good as in the United States with Danish wait-times similar to those we have here and infant mortality much lower. Denmark also does well in its primary and secondary education and in its labor market programs. They use tough love on those who are out of work, providing generous income support and training, but if they do not find a job or accept one that is found for them, the unemployed lose their benefits. The Danish “flexicurity” system is much admired because it combines a flexible labor market with income security. People are not guaranteed to keep the job they are in, but they are pretty much guaranteed that they can have a job.
Brooks is correct in pointing to the negative impact of very high tax rates on work. In the Nordic economies and in Germany, the employment rate is high but people work a lot fewer hours than workers in the U.S. On average, employed workers work 1,788 hours a year in the U.S. and only 1,438 in Denmark, and even less in Germany at 1,363, according to the OECD. Of course the Europeans are choosing to work shorter hours, but that choice is made in the face of very high taxes. Consider a busy professional couple in Denmark who want a renovation done to their home. They take home only a fraction of their salary after paying taxes and then they pay a plumber or an electrician to work on their house, and each of these tradespeople gets to keep only a fraction of what they charge for their services. The couple may find it is better to forget about the renovation, or hire people off the books to avoid the prohibitive double taxation.
In terms of innovation, Europe does not have the equivalent of Silicon Valley or the innovation hubs around Cambridge, Massachusetts, or the National Institutes of Health in Maryland. These creative centers generate innovations made in the U.S. that spread around the world and benefit everyone. Denmark is too small to sustain such centers by itself, but the problem extends to Europe more broadly, where policymakers struggle to match American innovation. Brooks is also correct about the danger of universal free college education. Those who graduate from four-year colleges will usually be in the upper half of the income distribution and should not expect to get a free ride from taxpayers who are making far less themselves. At the same time, creating broad financial support to allow children from low-income families to attend college while avoiding crippling debts is absolutely the right policy.
The U.S. is an exceptional country with a dynamic and successful economy. Europe would profit from copying the innovation culture of America. American capital markets, notwithstanding the financial crisis, are much more efficient than those in Europe and offer financial support and mentoring to start-up companies. Going the other way, America could learn about ways to retrain workers and avoid the desperate poverty that afflicts too many of our citizens. We could learn about the benefits of negotiating for lower prices from doctors, hospitals and drug companies. Whoever wins the White House should be secure in their belief about America's strengths and vitality, while admitting that we can learn from what other countries do well.
Editor's note: This piece originally appeared in Inside Sources
Not Your Keys? Then It's Not Your Money in Bitcoin-Land
The recent hack of Bitcoin exchange Bitfinex is reminding everyone once again the importance of holding your own keys, using paper and hardware wallets as well as setting the stage for wider use of decentralized exchanges.
Also read: Bitfinex Hack: US Regulation ‘Prevented Cold Storage Use'
Hodl Your Keys
One thing that is for certain is a lot of people keep large amounts of money on third party exchanges. The reasons for this is because people naturally like to trade, and secondly, there isn't that many decentralized exchanges. However, numerous decentralized cryptocurrency exchanges already exist such as Bitsquare. Founder Manfred Karrer has the project currently running in beta at the moment and users can be seen on forums promoting its use. Many Bitcoin users are sick and tired of centralized exchanges failing to secure funds. Bitsquare's Github repo explains how it is different than the rest:
Bitsquare is a cross-platform desktop application that allows users to trade national currency (dollars, euros, etc) for bitcoin without relying on centralized exchanges such as Coinbase, Bitstamp or (the former) Mt. Gox.— There are no central points of control or failure in the Bitsquare network. There are no trusted third parties. When two parties agree to trade national currency for bitcoin, the bitcoin to be bought or sold is held in escrow using multi-signature transaction capabilities native to the bitcoin protocol.
Back to the Basics: Paper
Paper wallets are a great way to keep Bitcoin offline and out of hackers' reach. Creating paper wallets is easy but losing the paper also means the bitcoins are lost forever so be careful. Paper wallets contain both private, and public keys in order to bring the cryptocurrency back online.
The most common place that people use to create a paper wallet is BitAddress.org where users can generate a fresh new Bitcoin address. The website will ask the person to initiate some steps and are then given both public and private keys after the process. From there all one has to do is print the paper wallet using BitAddress.org's website or another service. After printing a copy, you can load as much bitcoin as you want into your public QR-code.
For example, check out a review of the Piper paper wallet:
Hardware Choices
Currently, there are quite a few choices out there when it comes to Bitcoin hardware wallets. Some of them being Ledger, Case, Trezor, KeepKey, and most of these companies have a pretty solid reputation in the cryptocurrency community.
The concept is similar to a paper wallet except Bitcoin is stored and protected on a hardware device. The user simply saves their seed (a mnemonic phrase) and creates a pin to access the funds. Hardware wallets can be a little easier to use when it comes to spending bitcoin in contrast to paper wallets while also keeping your funds safe.
Bitcoin.com has a few choices of hardware wallets at our store. Be sure to also check out our latest review of the Ledger Nano S as well as this informative comparison video:
Keeping Bitcoins Safe is Key
Following some simple steps like adding two-factor authentication and checking out the methods above is a great idea to keep your bitcoins secure. Securing your coins means protecting your private keys in some fashion. There are even smartphone wallet applications that keep your cryptocurrency just as secure as a hardware wallet and if the device is broken or lost all one has to do is reestablish the seed.
The moral of the story is to keep your coins secure and keys in your possession. People will always trade on exchanges, but they should be willing to lose all of their funds by choosing to keep it with a third party. Centralized exchanges will continue to be a thorn until a majority of traders switch to a decentralized exchange such as Bitsquare, Bithalo, and others. Until then more exchanges can be compromised and people will continue to lose money.
How do you keep your Bitcoins secure? Let us know in the comments below.
Images courtesy of Pixabay, Shutterstock, Bitcoin Wiki
The father of a Georgia boy who committed suicide says their son was the victim of cruel bullying at school. WLTZ's Sara Belsole reports.
A 13-year-old Georgia boy who hanged themselves after reportedly being bullied at school was remembered by family and friends as a hero at their funeral this week.
Devin Brown moved to Columbus, Ga., six months ago to live with their father, who says the bullying began shortly after Devin started at their new middle school, according to NBC affiliate WLTZ-TV in Georgia.
"He got jumped, or somebody beat them up," Ray Brown, Devin's father, told WLTZ. "He came home one time and had some peanut butter pies they had made for school. When they walked through the door they had some pie left, and they had it all over him. Someone had jumped on them and smeared it all over him."
Brown voiced their concerns to Rothschild Middle School, but officials told them they hadn't heard of any issues, they said.
"They just kind of let it go," Brown said.
It wasn't until last Thursday night that Devin's family realized how far the bullying had gone.
"I hear [my stepmother yelling,] 'Oh my God, Ray, Ray, help me! I can't get them down, they hung himself,'" Cara Downs, Devin's older sister, told WLTZ. "I could see the black and blue around their neck and I tried to find a pulse, but couldn't find it."
Brown believes being called a "snitch" at school pushed Devin over the edge. They told WLTZ that the day Devin took their life, they saw another student carrying a knife and threatening a teacher. Brown said Devin told their teacher about the knife; the other student was given disciplinary action.
"He said, 'Everyone is calling me a snitch,'" Brown said. "He said, 'There's about 15-20 people who want to jump on me.'"
Rothschild Middle School Principal Reginald Williamson denied Brown's account of their son's school experiences.
"We have received no information on them being bullying whatsoever," they said. "We log all information as far as bullying is concerned."
They also said there was never any threat to a teacher.
"We did have a knife incident that occurred. It happened before school started. The knife was retrieved," they said. But no threat was ever issued against a teacher during the incident, they said.
Muscogee County School District's director of communications also confirmed the incident.
"It was discovered upon search in the student's locker. And of course any student discipline, while I can't talk about particular student discipline, was handled according to policy," Valerie Fuller said.
At their funeral on Wednesday, a large wooden box with the word "hero" carved on it was set up. Devin's friends dropped notes into it, thanking them for speaking up about the threat they saw at school, reported WLTZ.
"I made this for them because they are my hero. They did the right thing and they knew they did the right thing," Brown told the affiliate.
On Devin's gravestone, the inscription read: "You left too soon, but forever wouldn't have been long enough. Our hero - Devin Brown."
This story was originally published on
After Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu canceled a visit by Ukraine's prime minister to Israel, the Foreign Ministry in Kiev expressed hope on Monday that relations between the two nations won't be affected by Ukraine's support of a UN Security Council resolution against the settlements.
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
"We are confident that active and emotional internal debates in Israel will not impact traditionally friendly Ukrainian-Israeli relationship, based on mutual respect and joint interests," the Ukrainian Foreign Ministry said in a statement.
Ukraine stressed that over the years, it has "adhered to the consistent and balanced position" on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, noting "We stand for peaceful coexistence of two independent States – Israel and Palestine."
Israel's Prime Minister Netanyahu and Ukraine's Prime Minister Groysman (Photos: Emil Salman, AP)
While Israel views UN Security Council Resolution 2334 as an attempt to dictate conditions for a peace accord with the Palestinians, the Ukrainian Foreign Ministry stressed "the need for direct Israeli-Palestinian negotiations."
"Ukraine, as well as other permanent and non-permanent members of the UN Security Council and also the UN Secretary-General, for its part more than once condemned the settlement activities of the State of Israel, because it is contrary to the international law," the statement went on to say, adding "We also condemn the violence and incitement to it from the Palestinian side."
Ukraine's decision to vote in favor of the resolution appears to demonstrate the extent to which US President Barack Obama was behind the decision.
According to officials in Israel, Ukrainian Prime Minister Volodymyr Groysman, a Jew who is thought of as one of Israel's main supporters, wanted that their country not be involved in the consultations held on the resolution.
However, Ukraine's President Petro Poroshenko decided to vote in favor of its passage following a telephone conversation with US Vice President Joe Biden.
"The text of the resolution is balanced," Kiev asserted. "It calls for taking measures necessary for peaceful solution from both Israeli and Palestinian sides: Israel should stop its settlement activities while Palestinian authorities – to take effective measures toward fighting against terrorism."
"Our country consistently advocates the respect for the international law by everyone and everywhere as has experienced itself the tragic consequences brought by its violation," the Ukrainian Foreign Ministry added.
Ukraine was among the 14 members of the Security Council that supported the resolution. The US was the only one to abstain, while none voted against. In an unusual move—for the first time since 1980—the US decided not to veto a resolution against Israel.
Image caption Pinterest allows users to "pin" their favourite content - including images and videos - from the internet
Social networking service Pinterest is to receive $100m (£63m) in funding from Japanese internet retailing giant Rakuten and existing investors.
Rakuten said the money would be used to improve Pinterest's service and expand its user base.
Analysts subsequently put a value on the two-year-old company of $1-1.5bn.
The investment comes as Facebook prepares to list on the Nasdaq stock exchange in a share sale that could value the company at more than $100bn.
Facebook recently agreed a deal to buy picture sharing website Instagram.
Pinterest also allows users to share pictures, by offering what it calls a "virtual pinboard", allowing users to post pictures and other content onto a personalised profile.
Pinterest has grown rapidly and with 12 million users is now one of the most visited sites in the US.
Too little, too late
From:replies@actblue.com To: john.podesta@gmail.com Date: 2016-03-04 15:15 Subject: Too little, too late
Dear John, Donald Trump won the primaries in a whopping seven Super Tuesday state primaries and caucuses. And now GOP politicians are finally launching an anti-Trump campaign, with Mitt Romney holding a press conference yesterday where their sole purpose was to viciously tear into Trump and their platform. It's a big step, but odds are it's too little, too late. If Trump wins the nomination we'd be in an unprecedented situation. With an unpredictable authoritarian demagogue at the top of the GOP ticket, the election year rule book would go out the window. But one thing is clear, Trump as the nominee puts thousands of races across the country in play. That's why desperate establishment Republicans are panicking -- they're scared that they could lose their majorities in Congress and statehouses thanks to Trump. At ActBlue we're gearing up for our tools to be put to the test this year, as we'd be handling millions more contributions than we expected. Trump's campaign is only growing stronger, and that means we need to scale up our tools right now in order to be equipped to help thousands of Democrats win their races. Will you chip in $15 a month? Because you've saved your payment information with ActBlue Express, your donation will go through immediately: Express Donate: $15 a month [ https://secure.actblue.com/contribute/page/unwavering?express_lane=true&amount=15&recurring=true&refcode=rec_shi_a_2&refcode2=15_t ] Express Donate: $25 a month [ https://secure.actblue.com/contribute/page/unwavering?express_lane=true&amount=25&recurring=true&refcode=rec_shi_a_2&refcode2=25_t ] Express Donate: $50 a month [ https://secure.actblue.com/contribute/page/unwavering?express_lane=true&amount=50&recurring=true&refcode=rec_shi_a_2&refcode2=50_t ] Express Donate: $100 a month [ https://secure.actblue.com/contribute/page/unwavering?express_lane=true&amount=100&recurring=true&refcode=rec_shi_a_2&refcode2=100_t ] Or donate another amount [ https://secure.actblue.com/contribute/page/unwavering?amount=15&recurring=true&refcode=rec_shi_a_2&refcode2=x_t ] Trump's widespread, unwavering support among GOP voters is nothing short of terrifying. He's winning state after state in the primaries and their campaign doesn't show any signs of slowing. He's even funding their own campaign, so there's no fear of running out of resources and losing steam. The GOP knows that Trump winning against a Democrat is a long-shot, so they'll shift their focus to electing Republicans in the other races up and down the ballot in an all-out effort to protect their majorities. The reality is that Democrats in races of all shapes and sizes are facing down an absolutely critical election year. At ActBlue our platform is built for big moments like the ones we'll see this year, but our tech team needs to scale up and keep making improvements if we're going to continue providing cutting-edge fundraising tools to Democrats everywhere. Will you chip in $15 a month? Because you've saved your payment information with ActBlue Express, your donation will go through immediately: Express Donate: $15 a month [ https://secure.actblue.com/contribute/page/unwavering?express_lane=true&amount=15&recurring=true&refcode=rec_shi_a_2&refcode2=15_b ] Express Donate: $25 a month [ https://secure.actblue.com/contribute/page/unwavering?express_lane=true&amount=25&recurring=true&refcode=rec_shi_a_2&refcode2=25_b ] Express Donate: $50 a month [ https://secure.actblue.com/contribute/page/unwavering?express_lane=true&amount=50&recurring=true&refcode=rec_shi_a_2&refcode2=50_b ] Express Donate: $100 a month [ https://secure.actblue.com/contribute/page/unwavering?express_lane=true&amount=100&recurring=true&refcode=rec_shi_a_2&refcode2=100_b ] Or donate another amount [ https://secure.actblue.com/contribute/page/unwavering?amount=15&recurring=true&refcode=rec_shi_a_2&refcode2=x_b ] From all of us at ActBlue, thanks. -- Julia, Eric, Chelsea, and the rest of the team---- ActBlue is the nation's largest source of funds for Democrats. Launched in 2004, ActBlue created and deployed the next generation of online fundraising tools, enabling individuals and groups to raise money for the Democratic candidates of their choice at secure.actblue.com. Wondering how you can make the most of ActBlue? We're always happy to help. Email us at info@actblue.com. If this email has reached you in error, we apologize. This email was sent to john.podesta@gmail.com. To unsubscribe, go to: http://action.actblue.com/unsubscribe
Share. A masterful return. A masterful return.
Note: This is an advance spoiler-free review. The Dark Knight III: The Master Race #1 releases on Wednesday, November 25.
Frank Miller's Dark Knight saga has quite a bit in common with Star Wars. Their initial efforts were universally acclaimed successes that changed their respective mediums forever, while their follow-ups left quite a lot to be desired. Now, they are both poised to make a comeback with new talent involved. The Dark Knight III: The Master Race #1 hits almost a month before Star Wars: The Force Awakens, and if they are going to maintain similar levels of quality, then that's good news for Star Wars fans, because the third entry into the Dark Knight saga does everything right.
Mimicking the time jump between The Dark Knight Returns and The Dark Knight Strikes Again, three years have passed when The Master Race begins. Like its predecessors, the comic reflects the times: talking heads that evoke Jon Stewart and Bill O'Riley provide the media chorus, smartphone pictures of Batman go viral, and the architecture looks modern while still channeling Gotham's noir vibe.
Artist Andy Kubert infuses their style with Miller-isms that evoke what came before, so there's a powerful sense of nostalgia, but also one of clarity. It feels like Miller's classic world only more focused and streamlined -- that is, better realized with more for your eyes to drink in. To be clear, it's all Kubert from the ground up. There's no copying here, just an attention to detail that helps evoke Miller's signature design.
Inker Klaus Janson embraces those elements, giving the pages a sharpness and sense of depth, adding to the hard, brutal edge of the Dark Knight world. Brad Anderson's excellent color work gives it all a toned-down, lived-in aesthetic, plus they deliver us the most bleak sunrise in recent memory.
All three artists use this first issue to show why they are masters of the medium and, without a doubt, the right picks for this ambitious project.
Miller is co-writing with Brian Azzarello, and it's Azzarello's voice that stands out. It's full of profound inner dialogue and a sense of world-weariness, yet not without subtle, surprising moments of humor. Familiar faces like Wonder Woman, Superman, their daughter Lara, and Commissioner Yindel appear, each burdened with intriguing new status quos begging to be explored. There's no immediate call to action for any of them, but rather the sense that they're slowly orbiting the Dark Knight's world, set on paths that tease to send them all crashing together.
And then there's that heart-stopping last page that all but ensures they will.
The Master Race team took a smart approach, utilizing core Dark Knight elements that we all recognize and pushing them forward to the next level. It's both modern in its artistic sensibilities and classic in how it treats its characters as mythic figures. This comic is pumping with the blood of today's top comic talent, but spiritually it's faithful to Miller's work -- although much more the steely slow burn of The Dark Knight Returns than the wild mind-bender of its sequel.
Bay State firearm dealers and advocates say gun sales are moving at a fast clip. Whatever the reason, guns clearly are flying off the shelf nationwide. State figures suggest an uptick in Massachusetts residents obtaining licenses to own and carry firearms, too.
Bay State firearm dealers and advocates say gun sales are moving at a fast clip.
Several shop owners recently described an influx of customers who fear President Obama will step up gun regulations if elected to a second term, while other buyers worry about home break-ins and robberies during an economic slump.
“People are just nervous,” said Richard Callaghan, owner of Callaghan Firearms in Marlborough. “They don't know what the future holds.”
Others in the firearms world see a link between increased sales and what they believe is growing public acceptance of gun sports and ownership.
“I think in most cases now, it's that the stigma of owning a gun has changed,” said Roger Choquette, who owns Flint Armaments in Fall River with their wife. “They're seeing that guns aren't necessarily evil.”
Whatever the reason, federal data shows guns appear to be flying off shelves nationwide. State figures suggest an uptick in Massachusetts residents obtaining licenses to own and carry firearms, too.
The Federal Bureau of Investigation said it carried out 16.5 million criminal background checks on potential gun buyers last year, 15 percent more than in 2010.
The National Shooting Sports Foundation, a firearms industry trade association, said February was the 21st month in a row that background checks were higher nationwide compared to the same period a year earlier.
“Right now, actually, the supply is running dry,” said Michael Sheppard, owner of North Shore Firearms in Middleton. “It's hard to get certain things because manufacturers can't keep up with demand.”
In Massachusetts, FBI background checks fluctuated over the last decade, peaking at 165,446 in 2007. Checks dipped in later years, but picked up in 2011, totaling 153,487, nearly one-third more than in 2010.
State statistics show police, who hold authority over issuing gun permits in Massachusetts, have approved more of the most common type of firearm license available statewide over the last three years.
Police issued more than 20,400 new Class A licenses to carry a handgun, rifle or shotgun in 2009, not including renewals of existing licenses, according to statistics from the state Firearms Record Bureau.
Departments in the Bay State issued more than 21,100 new Class A licenses in 2010 and upward of 22,300 in 2011, records show.
Altogether, state residents held a total of 246,775 Class A licenses as of Feb. 1 – an 8.4 percent increase from April 2010, when licenses totaled 227,612.
Class A licenses are the only type of gun permit that allows people to carry concealed and loaded weapons, but police have discretion to impose restrictions. Two other types of permits are available, plus a restricted firearms ID card solely used for carrying mace or pepper spray.
Police departments differ on whether they have seen the statewide uptick in Class A licenses locally, and whether it reflects any significant change.
Police chiefs in Middleton, Franklin and Medway, for example, said they noticed no spikes. The Middleton chief, James DiGianvittorio, heads the Essex County Chiefs of Police Association and said they also have heard little from their colleagues on the subject.
In Plymouth, Police Capt. Bruce McNamee said they have not observed an increase in new applications, but they have been a bit surprised by the overall volume since they started handling gun permits about three years ago.
Their department issued 305 new Class A licenses in 2009, 248 in 2010 and 228 last year, not including renewals or other types of firearms permits.
“I don't think the gun industry is wanting for business right now,” McNamee said.
In Fall River, Detective Mark Bouchard said renewals typically spike in years when licenses expire and level off other years, making it difficult to track whether gun permits are up overall over time.
Anecdotally, Bouchard said new applications seem to have picked up over the last nine months or so.
“It would seem to me that I have more new applicants than renewals,” Bouchard said. “I don't know the reasoning for that.”
State figures show while Fall River police issued 74 new Class A licenses in 2010, they issued 175 licenses in 2011.
Wrentham Police Lt. Michael Robillard said they seem busier with gun permits lately. Their department issued 60 Class A licenses last year, up from 46 in 2010, state records show.
“I get a general sense that people have an eye on the politics of it and feel that there's some clampdown coming toward their ability to get a license, as well as the state of the economy,” Robillard said.
While some Second Amendment advocates feel justified in their concerns about potential new limits on firearms rights, some supporters of gun control think the gun lobby is fanning worries to drive up sales.
The National Rifle Association is driving some of these fears, said John Rosenthal, founder and chairperson of Newton-based group Stop Handgun Violence.
“It's the NRA's big priority to tell everyone you can't trust the government, and you need (a) concealed carry (license) because you can't trust your neighbor either,” they said.
Rosenthal, who said they own a shotgun and shoots skeet, was unconvinced the uptick in Class A licenses in Massachusetts is significant compared to a dramatic decrease seen after the state enacted its Gun Control Act of 1998, they said.
Jim Wallace, executive director of the Gun Owners Action League in Northborough, also said gun permits dropped off dramatically after the Gun Control Act, which either changed or set new expiration dates and requirements in order to get permits.
Wallace said gun permits began picking up again after Hurricane Katrina, which they believe changed many people's views on firearms.
“It was a lot of women that really realized, I might actually have to protect my children from guys who are out looting because the police aren't available,” Wallace said.
Jesse Cohen, a Framingham attorney whose practice focuses on firearm law, said they have seen an increase in requests for help to file gun permit applications.
“There are a lot of new folks to the gun community, people who are just entering the gun world for the first time,” including young professionals, they said.
Keith Langer, a Wrentham attorney who also works in gun law, echoed Cohen's view. They said they have seen more women and younger shooters interested in firearms.
“I see more of them at the ranges,” Langer said recently. “I assisted at an introduction to action pistol shooting this weekend and they had 21 people show up for it,” a significant uptick from last year.
(David Riley can be reached at 508-626-4424 or driley@wickedlocal.com.)
April 12th, 2017
Partnership Shelter to Reed Creek Campsite
17 Miles
Hiking is hard enough. Throw in that time of month, and the day was emotionally exhausting. I can usually deal with physical pain, but when my uterus is trying to claw it's way out of my body, it makes the uphills just slightly torture. Darwin was my rock the whole day, stopping often for water, talking to me, and hiking with me at a very slow pace. We listened to Harry Potter the whole time. The day was quite hot, and the trail cut through some green, exposed, fields. We periodically dipped our hats in the cool streams for hiker air conditioning. The forest was alive with chipmunks, squirrels, and rat snakes.
We stopped at the US 11 road crossing and ate gas station pizza and snacks in the first five miles. We said goodbye to Honey Badger, a dear friend at this point, as they were getting off trail to see their family. They said they would catch up even if they had to hike 25-30 mile days. If there's anyone who could pull it off, it's him. (We eventually saw them again in NY)
We hiked another 12 miles, through relatively gentle terrain. We stopped at Reed Creek, right off the trail, and nestled amongst some rhododendron trees. Darwin and I took a hiker bath in the creek. The water was freezing, but felt wonderful on our feet and aching bodies. I rinsed my body by splashing myself as best as I could, while Darwin decided to sit down in the creek. By the look on their face, the water was very cold. It takes your breath away! Wet Wipes, Glim-Glom and Strider soon joined us for the night. We cooked dinner and gave a shout out to Honey Badger, the first to leave what they named, the Ruff Necks. Darwin, Strider and I cowboy camped under the rhododendrons, while Glim-Glom and Wet Wipes climbed into their hammocks. It was a clear, brisk night. A night perfect for star gazing, and listening to the creek bubbling near us. Every so often, we could hear the bizarre chirping of coyotes.
Around 10:00pm, a red light walked into the campsite. It was Winter, who had walked an extra 7 miles because she, “Left their favorite underwear back at Partnership Shelter.” They were relieved to find us so easily. I guess hiking alone at night with coyotes howling around you is a little scary, who knew?
April 13th, 2017
Reed Creek to Jenkins Shelter
28 Miles
Another slow start, with sluggish legs and tired eyes. My mind wasn't in the game, which is the worst thing on a thru hike. When your mind isn't there that day, finding motivation to hike for hours is almost impossible. Luckily, I have someone like Darwin to push me to my limits and challenge my potential. The tramily has my back too. We all have mutual aches and pains, and we all know what everyone is going through.
We got our rhythm again and hiked a solid 12 miles. We took a break at Lick Creek, where the trail crosses at a large footbridge. The banks are flat and great for camping. Darwin and I took a dip in the freezing, refreshing currents. The day was dry and warm, so within minutes we were dry again. We started hiking, our clothes damp and cooling us for the upcoming climb. The climb to Chestnut Knob Shelter is tough, but not impossible. With about 1.5 miles left into the 5 mile climb, there is a pond and spring where you can get water for the shelter. The final approach to Chestnut Knob Shelter is exposed, giving us gorgeous views of distant mountain ridges.
The original plan was to hike 18 miles to Chestnut Knob Shelter, a stone hut at the top of a vista. Instead, we watched the sunset and ate dinner. After the sunset, and for no good reason, the group decided to hike 10.7 more miles. At 8:07pm we left, and hiked until we reached Jenkins Shelter. I was in front. I guess the group thought that since it was my idea to night hike, I should be the one to face plant all the spider webs. Fair enough.
We started strong. We talked. We listened to music. But by the end of those 10 miles we were all starting to lose our minds. We arrived just before midnight, quickly found a good spot next to a creek, set up our pads and sleeping bags, then passed out. Early the next morning Oz, Machine, Lumber Jill and Stache stopped to say good morning on our way into Bland, VA.
April 14th, 2017
Jenkins Shelter to Helvey's Mill Shelter
12 Miles
We walked the 12 miles into town through beautiful sunshine on the way to Bland, VA. We were slow leaving camp, and we ate almost all of the remaining food in our bags to make up for the amount of calories lost the previous night.
Darwin and I felt great, listening to Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets as we pushed it to the road crossing where we could hitch a ride to town. Bland is an appropriate name for the town in which we resupplied. Subway and Dairy Queen are your only fine dining food options, except for a small market where you can get a decent resupply. We went to all three places, and packed out sandwiches for that night's dinner.
We were all feeling pretty nasty, due to going showerless for many days. After chilling on the grass in front of the courtyard for an hour or so waiting for everyone to finish resupplying, I called Zero Days Inn, a small, recently established hostel about 20 minutes outside of town. The caretaker offered to pick us up and take us to their place to do laundry and have a shower before continuing our hike later that evening. It was wonderful to sit around on comfy chairs and couches, waiting for our laundry to finish and throwing out our trash. Once finished, we got a ride back to the trailhead after stopping at Subway one more time and packing out some foot-longs for dinner.
We got to camp around 9pm since we got a call from Darwin's family from Hawaii. Their two sisters and mother were vacationing on the beach and we stopped in the middle of the trail to catch up with them as the sun set. When we got to camp I stuffed the whole foot-long in my mouth and we went to bed.
April 15th, 2017
Helvey's Mill Shelter to Dismal Falls Campsite
18 Miles
I had aching pain on the bottom of my shin to start the day out so I had to wrap it in an ACE bandage. I know it's nothing to be afraid of, however when every step you take comes with a shooting pain then it adds a level or spice I can't handle. I stopped multiple times to re-wrap it or try and massage some of the lactic acid out but I still said out loud at one point, “I am not having a good day.”
The sun was hot as ever but the mileage was easy. For the first time on this trip the trail maintained a heavenly flatness I cherished with each step. It didn't stop the pain but having soft ground helped my mood. Honestly, even on days when it's too hot, too cold, too steep or if I was on my period there were so many things to appreciate like the sound of the wind through the leaves or conversations with Darwin as they hiked behind me. If there's one thing I learned from this experience it's to never quit on a bad day. But that doesn't mean you're not allowed to complain here and there.
We stopped at Jenny Knob Shelter to stretch, get water and snack with some other hikers. We tended to stop more often and for longer periods of time when we knew there were less than 20 miles to hike in a day – such is the luxury of Virginia. We continued on towards a road crossing where we planned to walk 0.5 miles out of our way to eat at Trent's Grocery. Before the road there is a large bridge over a river where we saw Maps, Winter, Stache, Machine and Lumber Jill having a swim. Darwin and I joined the fun, relishing the cold water on our aching muscles before walking down the road.
We walked to Trent's where I ate two corn dogs, ice cream, and cheesy popcorn for lunch. The whole group was there – Oz, Machine, Stache, Winter, Lumber Jill, Wet Wipes, Glim-Glom, Strider and Maps. Needless to say I didn't need to eat again only 2.5 miles later at Dismal Falls. Because it was late in the afternoon I didn't swim but I did let my feet and shins soak trying to ease the swelling. Dismal Falls is anything but dismal. There are swimming holes and places to jump in with a bunch of locals having a good time.
April 16th, 2017
Dismal Falls Campsite to a spring 2 miles before Pearisburg, VA
21 Miles
Maps invited their parents to hike with them from Bland, VA. That morning they made us chocolate chip pancakes using a hot plate and we all ate like royalty. We had 21 miles to look forward to that day so the extra calories were greatly appreciated.
At this point I definitely had shin splints near the top of my ankle up to just beneath the middle of my shin. It did not feel good. That being said, I took the day slow as we listened to more Harry Potter to take my mind off the pain. It was a partly cloudy day with scattered rain that made hiking more bearable instead of the blazing sun. All day we hiked along a ridge, giving us multiple views and places where I could rest my leg. After many breaks and a relatively easy trail we finally made it to the side trail leading to our campsite. We set up our tent for the first time in weeks because of the questionably dark clouds overhead and the dozens of moths flying around. We ate and I slept like a rock, eager to wake up and hike only 2 more miles into Pearisburg, VA where we would take a nero and a zero to treat ourselves for all the big mileage days we did.
Like this: Like Loading...
Priestess Bearstops, right, then 18, with their mother, Reva Bearstops, in their home in Minneapolis, in a photo published Jan. 20, 2014. In a series on the dangers of gang life for young Native Americans, Priestess Bearstops was featured for their determination to graduate and go on to college. Tomo for Al Jazeera America
In 2013, I received an email from a digital editor at Al Jazeera America. The organization had a goal: to become the go-to place for stories from Indian Country. The email asked for story pitches.
“We're especially committed to showing good and bad, to go above the stereotypical ‘sad life on the rez' that seems to get reported all the time,” the editor wrote. “No matter what the story, we want it to be full of portraits and voices, very much on-the-ground reporting.”
It was a curious request. Usually, indigenous people show up in media if they fall into what Reporting in Indigenous Communities calls the WD4 rule: If you're an Indian who's going to make the news, you have to be a warrior, be drumming, be dancing, be drunk or be dead.
“We're interested in tech, environment, health, science, sports, culture,” the editor continued. “Frankly, if it's a good story, we want it.”
As a reporter and member of the Kiowa Tribe of Oklahoma, I knew a lot about what I didn't like seeing in the media: journalists parachuting into tribal communities for stories on victims and statistics, written in clichés and stereotypes. I also knew what I wasn't seeing: the topics I discussed with my friends and family, the heroes, the history and the nuance and context required to make sense of what Native America is really about.
The request seemed genuine, so I sent a few pitches.
Within two years, my editors at Al Jazeera America and I were producing award-winning series and in-depth features from indigenous communities, and stories poured in from other reporters. Al Jazeera America even built its own Indian Country vertical with pieces on food, language, legal battles, uranium mining, sex and dating, drought, law and order, mascots, payday lending, sports, voting, financial mismanagement, pipeline fights, missing and murdered indigenous women, pollution and treaty rights, to name a few.
There was nothing like it at any other mainstream news outlet in the United States.
Image copyright AP Image caption Adele has broken album sales records both in the UK and the US
Fans buying tickets for Adele's tour have told the BBC they were shown the address and credit card details of customers other than themselves.
Advance tickets were made available to members of Adele.com this morning.
But several fans said they saw other people's shopping baskets, including payment details, upon check out.
Ticketing company Songkick said due to the "extreme load" on the site some customers could see others' account details. It apologised for any "alarm".
"At no time was anyone able to access another person's password, nor their payment or credit card details (which are not retained by Songkick)," it said.
'Worrying'
Kiran Farmah, in Birmingham, said they were offered tickets for Glasgow shows.
"I got through to buying tickets but it came up with someone else's screen with their card details and home address for SSE," they tweeted.
Emma Harris in Woking told the BBC they had experienced a similar problem.
"After queuing for an hour and half, we clicked the tickets we wanted [and] got pushed through to another screen but different tickets were selected."
"We went with these anyway because we thought otherwise we'd lose out. But when we got to the next screen, where you fill in your details, all of the boxes were already filled in with somebody else's name, somebody else's address and somebody else's credit card number."
Harris said they deleted the other customer's "big, long digit card number" and eventually obtained tickets for the O2 in London next March.
"It's definitely worrying, as I know myself and a lot of friends of mine have paid with our credit card details and we don't know who they've been exposed to."
Image copyright Adele Image caption As expected, demand is high for tickets.
The sale was organised by live music and technology firm Songkick, which provides concert tickets and allows fans to be alerted to upcoming shows.
"Due to extreme load experienced this morning, some of our customers were incorrectly able to preview limited account information belonging to other customers...
"We take the security of our users and Adele's fans very seriously, and we apologize for the alarm we have caused to those purchasers who experienced issues."
Security consultant Graham Cluely said the incident "certainly sounded" like a security breach.
"This is the sort of thing which should be impossible, even if the website is very busy," they told the BBC.
"It sounds like the website [code] has been written insecurely. It's spitting out other people's information - information which they would expect to have been kept private."
They agreed it was still "unclear" whether credit card numbers had been exposed, but urged customers to be cautious.
"If that information could have been exposed, then keep a close eye on your bank account and your credit card statements. Look for unusual activity there and be very wary of unsolicited messages or unusual emails which you might receive."
My experience - Ian Youngs, BBC entertainment reporter
After dutifully signing up to Adele's website to be eligible for the presale like countless others, and logging on at 08:57, and being in a queue on the website - unexpected euphoria. I'm in.
I select two tickets at £55 each for one of the Manchester dates. But on the next screen, I'm informed I've selected four tickets at £95 each. Clearly something has gone wrong.
The clock ticking, a snap decision is required. How much do I like her? Enough to spend £380 (plus fees) rather than £110? Sorry Adele - I remove the tickets in the hope I can choose different ones.
But no - I'm just thrown out of the booking process and shoved to the back of the queue. At the time of writing, an hour and a half later, I'm still in the queue and the site says tickets are "still available". I suspect they've realised there's a gremlin in the system.
The tour kicks off in Belfast on 29 February and finishes in Antwerp on 13 June next year. It also includes four dates at London's O2 Arena.
It will be the first time Adele has toured since 2011. That tour ended prematurely due to the discovery of a haemorrhage on their vocal cord, which required surgery.
Image caption The star has previously put their lack of touring down to a severe affliction with stage fright
Record-breaking
With huge demand for their new gig tickets, Adele's website carries a request that purchasers do not sell tickets on for a profit.
Reselling tickets at inflated prices is common for sold-out gigs and is not illegal in the UK. But it often causes consternation among genuine fans and the site says: "The resale of tickets will not be tolerated."
However, dozens of tickets for the singer's shows have already appeared on secondary ticketing sites.
Viagogo is offering a single ticket to London's O2 Arena for £3,506. On Get Me In, the top price is £770.
Coldplay recently signed an open letter to the government calling for action over secondary ticketing sites, saying fans are being "ripped-off by touts who anonymously exploit fair ticket prices via online ticket marketplaces".
Songkick said there had only been a "low level" of ticket resale for Adele's show, suggesting that just 2% of the 57,000 tickets sold on Tuesday morning had found their way onto secondary sites.
"Compared to other events, we believe these efforts helped to reduce resale by well over 50%, increasing the amount of fans that can attend these shows," it added.
Check out the video of former WWE Diva and Playboy model, LaTasha Marzolla getting their second MMA win.Move over Gina Carano, Marzolla is taking the female MMA fighting world by storm. LaTasha Marzolla is now 2-0 in MMA competition. Marzolla has looked great in two bouts, including their recent decision win over undefeated Kate McGray. The win comes from a recent Tuff-N-Uff Future Stars of MMA Event.
The female MMA fighting is widening by the day. The popularity of MMA and Gina Carano has inspired an upsurge in female MMA fighters. While Carano was such a novelty early on because of their great looks, there are plenty of former models crossing over into the fighting genre. Marzolla's background in both Playboy and pro wrestling make them a natural star for any female MMA promotion. I look for big things out of Marzolla in 2010.
On a sidenote, a funny moment in the fight comes in the final round. Marzolla is getting pounded in the corner when a fan yells out, “Circle out LaTasha!” LaTasha circles out and gets out of trouble immediately. I just find it funny when MMA fighters are taking coaching advice from the audience and even funnier when it works!
LaTasha Marzolla vs. Kate McGray
(Visited 51 times, 1 visits today)
Eric G. Eric is the owner and editor-in-chief of the Camel Clutch Blog. Eric has worked in the pro wrestling industry since 1995 as a ring announcer in ECW and a commentator/host on television, PPV, and home video. Eric also hosted Pro Wrestling Radio on terrestrial radio from 1998-2009. Check out some of Eric's work on their IMDB bio and Wikipedia. Eric has an MBA from Temple University's Fox School of Business. More Posts - Website Follow Me:
Related
LaTasha Marzolla's debut vs. Christy Tada
By Sheila Block and Michal Rozworski
Each week, it seems, we see a new report that exaggerates the potential negative impact of Ontario's plan to get to a $15 minimum wage by 2019.
Using a selective reading of the economic research and ignoring the more recent consensus in the profession, the authors of these reports cry wolf over Ontario's move to increase the minimum wage and reduce income inequality.
The latest in this line of attack comes from the Fraser Institute and, like the other reports, this one relies on a selective reading of the research.
The Fraser Institute's latest missive differs from others in that it doesn't have concrete job loss numbers to feed headlines. Instead, it warns that the impacts of a $15 minimum wage will be unprecedented and especially detrimental to younger workers in regions where wage rates are lower.
Rather than fear-mongering about job losses, they are fear-mongering about the Kaitz index. This index is most often constructed comparing the minimum wage to the median wage of full-time workers. This is the metric that the OECD uses, as does much of the research cited in the Fraser Institute report.
However, the Fraser Institute used the ratio of the minimum wage to the median wage for all workers.
Reliance on this calculation has resulted in problematic math mistakes for other business lobby groups.
Using this measure, the ratio of Ontario's minimum wage to the median wage will be 57 per cent, not 64 per cent, in 2019. This is important because a 57 per cent ratio is not the unprecedented “uncharted waters” that the Fraser Institute claims it to be.
For example, 57 per cent is nowhere near as far from the OECD average of 52 per cent as is the Fraser Institute's apples-to-oranges comparator of 64 per cent.
And it is important to emphasize that, in reality, this ratio will not be unprecedented moving forward. Many cities and states will reach an index higher than 57 per cent in the near future, including neighbouring New York, whose minimum wage is set to rise to 59 per cent of the full-time median by 2021.
Let's not forget the big picture. A minimum wage that is a higher proportion of the median or average wage is in itself not a bad thing: wage compression–less distance between those at the bottom and those closer to the top–is good!”
Like the other anti-minimum wage hike reports it has released, the Fraser Institute glosses over or ignores the positive local economic impacts a $15 minimum wage will have on household incomes and consumption—which will be good for local economies.
The Fraser report also hones in on the fate of teenaged workers. It neglects, however, to acknowledge that the vast majority workers who will benefit from the increase to $15 an hour are over the age of 20: 82 per cent.
The truth is there is so little substance in this Fraser Institute's report that there is little to analyze by way of fact-checking. It's really just a long op-ed rehashing the same arguments this business-backed organization has been waging for decades.
Because it's a rehash of old warnings, it's important to look back at the Fraser Institute's previous warnings to see if any of them held true.
First, there was the Fraser Institute response to the British Columbia increase in the minimum wage. Starting in May 2011, the B.C. government raised the minimum wage from $8 to $10.25 over the course of a year.
In relative terms, this boost was almost exactly the same as today's proposed increase to $15 in Ontario (28 per cent in B.C. versus 29 per cent in Ontario, with a year-long phase in for both in order to give businesses time to adjust).
In the lead-up to B.C.'s change, the Fraser Institute produced a report that also predicted massive job losses—52,000 in total—which it claimed would disproportionately hit teenaged workers.
In fact, over the course of the year that British Columbia's minimum wage was increasing and in the following year, the province added nearly 50,000 jobs—contrary to what Fraser predicted—and the unemployment rate dropped by 0.7 per cent.
The job losses for teenagers were a mere tenth of what the Fraser Institute had estimated, and even those likely had more to do with a surge in post-secondary education than the minimum wage increase.
Then there was the Fraser Institute's response to Alberta's increase in the minimum wage. It predicted similar negative impacts but what happened in reality? Employment in minimum wage-sensitive industries in Alberta actually increased.
The Fraser Institute is adding little credible substance to the debate in Ontario and it has a history of making alarmist predictions that don't pan out.
Ontario's minimum wage hike is not wading into uncharted waters, as the Fraser Institute is claiming. It is a clear win for workers in Ontario who need and deserve $15 and Fairness.
Sheila Block is a senior economist with the Canadian Centre for Policy Alternatives (CCPA). Michal Rozworski is an economist with the Ontario Confederation of University Faculty Associations and a CCPA research associate.
Yurisangja is celebrating their 20th anniversary this year, and they revealed why they decided to team up with girl group MAMAMOO for their new special album.
On September 1, Yurisangja's Park Seung Hwa and Lee Se Joon held a listening session for their 20th anniversary album “20 Years Old.” During the event, the duo talked about their pre-release track “To My Bride,” which features MAMAMOO and is a remake of their hit 1999 song.
When asked why they decided to collaborate with the girl group, Yurisangja explained, “We were thinking about which junior singers would be perfect for the song, and we decided on MAMAMOO. Luckily, we happen to know someone who works with them, so we sent a request through that person. We were so grateful that they worked so hard on the song.”
The duo continued to add, “We've appeared on KBS's ‘Immortal Songs' with MAMAMOO before, and though all singers these days seem to be so much more talented than singers in the past, MAMAMOO was a team that really caught our eye with their talent. Both Yurisangja and MAMAMOO are teams that value good harmonization, so we wanted to work with them to see what it would be like to put our harmonies together.”
Park Seung Hwa added on, “They did so well that we didn't have anything to teach them,” while Lee Se Joon had everyone laughing when they joked, “[Thanks to MAMAMOO], we were able to get a Yurisangja song on the charts!”
Yurisangja's 20th anniversary album is now available both online and offline, and the duo will hold concerts from September 1 to 3 in the same location they held their first concert 20 years ago.
Source (1)
Empathy Cards were inspired by L.A.-based designer Emily McDowell's experiences as a cancer patient and survivor.
Courtesy of Emily McDowell
Los Angeles–based designer Emily McDowell was diagnosed with Stage 3 Hodgkins lymphoma at age 24, enduring nine months of chemo and radiation before going into remission.
“The most difficult part of my illness wasn't losing my hair, or being erroneously called ‘sir' by Starbucks baristas, or sickness from chemo,” McDowell writes on their website. “It was the loneliness and isolation I felt when many of my close friends and family members disappeared because they didn't know what to say, or said the absolute wrong thing without realizing it.”
The 38-year-old designer has been cancer-free ever since. But the emotional impact of the experience lingered, inspiring them to design a newly launched series of Empathy Cards—emotionally direct greeting cards that say the things they wanted to hear when they were ill.
Courtesy of Emily McDowell
They hope that the Empathy Cards provide “better, more authentic ways to communicate about sickness and suffering” between patients and friends and loved ones suffering from cancer, chronic illness, mental illness, or other hardships. They are by turns earnest and world-weary, and good-humored without false cheer.
Courtesy of Emily McDowell
“Get well soon” cards “don't make sense when someone might not,” McDowell writes. “Sympathy cards can make people feel like you think they're already dead. A ‘fuck cancer' card is a nice sentiment, but when I had cancer, it never really made me feel better. And I never personally connected with jokes about being bald or getting a free boob job, which is what most ‘cancer cards' focus on.”
Courtesy of Emily McDowell
McDowell told me in an email that although they based the card ideas on their own experiences, they released some sketches on Instagram for feedback while the cards were in development, adding that they often use the site “as a kind of focus group while I'm working, to see what ideas resonate with people.”
Courtesy of Emily McDowell
The card designs follow McDowell's signature style, which leans toward bright colors, minimal imagery, and homey type that they hand-draws in Photoshop with a digital pen. I asked them if they gave any special consideration to colors or images or other design elements given the subject matter.
Courtesy of Emily McDowell
“I feel like people with an illness are people first, so I didn't want to treat the aesthetics of these differently from the rest of my collection,” they said. “They did end up skewing a bit more feminine than I intended, though; future additions to the collection will be more gender-balanced.”
Courtesy of Emily McDowell
With Empathy Cards, McDowell's goal is “to help people connect with each other through truth and insight,” they write. “I want the recipients of these cards to feel seen, understood, and loved.”
Courtesy of Emily McDowell
Also on The Eye:
The Waldo Canyon Fire was first reported on June 23, 2012, burning in Pike National Forest, three miles (5 kilometers) west of Colorado Springs. Fueled by extremely dry conditions and strong winds, it had burned 18,247 acres (74 square kilometers) by July 5. The blaze severely damaged or destroyed 346 homes, making it the most destructive fire in Colorado history. Mountain Shadows, a neighborhood northwest of the Colorado Springs city center, experienced some of the most severe damage. According to an analysis conducted by the Denver Post, the combined value of the homes that burned to the ground in the neighborhood was at least $110 million.
The Advanced Spaceborne Thermal Emission and Reflection Radiometer (ASTER) on the Terra satellite acquired this view of the burn scar on July 4, 2012, when the fire was still burning but was 90 percent contained. Vegetation-covered land is red in the false-color image, which includes both visible and infrared light. Patches of unburned forest are bright red, in contrast with areas where flecks of light brown indicate some burning. The darkest brown areas are the most severely burned. Buildings, roads, and other developed areas appear light gray and white. The bright red patches of vegetation near Colorado Springs are golf courses, parks, or other irrigated land.
NASA Earth Observatory image by Jesse Allen and Robert Simmon using data from the NASA/GSFC/METI/ERSDAC/JAROS, and U.S./Japan ASTER Science Team. Caption by Adam Voiland.
Does Tim Pat Coogan have the evidence to show that the Great Hunger was an act of genocide, a result of English racism?
With "Black 47" set for a U.S. release on September 28, this will be the first time we'll see the Irish famine portrayed on the big screen despite a large range of books on the subject. One, in particular, may prove an important part of the true cause of the Great Hunger.
The most significant section of Tim Pat Coogan's book on the Irish Famine is not their own writing, but their printing of the United Nations definition of genocide.
“The Famine Plot,” published by Palgrave MacMillan, was released in America in 2012 and Coogan should have been here to launch it that November, but in a separate and equally confounding plot, they were denied a visa to come here by the American Embassy in Dublin.
The conclusion from their book, however, is unmistakable.
Ireland's most prominent historian, who has previously created definitive portraits of both Michael Collins and Eamon De Valera, has now pointed the finger squarely at the British during the Famine and stated it was genocide.
Read more: British “horrified” by brutal Irish Famine episode of “Victoria” drama
Tim Pat Coogan has painstakingly outlined the disregard shown to the Irish
4
It is a big charge, but Coogan is a big man, physically, intellectually, and in every sense. This makes it a very effective accusation. Coogan has painted a portrait of devastating neglect, abuse, and mismanagement that certainly fits the genocide concept.
I mean, if we go back to that time, Ireland was the equivalent of Puerto Rico or Samoa, massive dependencies on the United States today.
If there was a massive food shortage in either of those two countries, we would hope that the US would step up to the plate, literally, although President Trump's response in the wake of Hurricane Maria in 2017 was far from upstanding, claiming that the island was to blame for its ongoing humanitarian crisis following the natural disaster.
Read more: President Donald Trump would have turned away the Famine Irish too
Why did Scotland not suffer famine to the same extent as Ireland?
4
Back in Famine time, the same potato crop disease occurred most heavily outside Ireland in Scotland, yet there were relatively few casualties as the landowners and government ensured, for their own sakes as much as anything, that there was no mass death.
That was not the case in Ireland, where a very different mentality prevailed. The damned Irish were going to get what they deserved because of their attachment to Catholicism and Irish ways when they were refusing to toe the British line.
As Coogan painstakingly recounts, every possible effort by local organizations to feed the starving was thwarted and frustrated by a British government intent on teaching the Irish a lesson and forcing market forces on them.
Read more: Irish journalist, academic say Great Famine was not genocide
And Charles Trevelyan was the worst of them all
4
Charles Trevelyan, the key figure in the British government, had foreshadowed the deadly policy in a letter to the “Morning Post” after a trip to Ireland, where they heartily agreed with the sentiment that there were at least a million or two people too many in the benighted land and that the eight million could not possibly survive there.
“Protestant and Catholic will freely fall and the land will be for the survivors.”
Shortly after, they were in charge of a policy that brought that situation about.
One Trevelyan story and one quote suffice:
“British Coastguard Inspector-General, Sir James Dombrain, when they saw starving paupers, ordered their subordinates to give free food handouts. For their attempts to feed the starving, Dombrain was publicly rebuked by Trevelyan…”
The Trevelyan quote is, “The real evil with which we have to contend is not the physical evil of the Famine but the moral evil of the selfish, perverse and turbulent character of the people.”
Tim Pat Coogan has done an enormous service with this book.
Read it and weep.
Do you believe that the Great Irish Hunger was genocide committed by the British? Leave us your thoughts in the comments section, below.
* Originally published in 2012.
Read more: Little known tale of generous Turkish aid to the Irish during the Great Hunger
STOCKBRIDGE, Ga. — To hear Mikia Hutchings speak, one must lean in close, as their voice barely rises above a whisper. In report cards, their teachers describe them as “very focused,” someone who follows the rules and stays on task. So it was a surprise for their grandmother when Mikia, 12, and a friend got into trouble for writing graffiti on the walls of a gym bathroom at Dutchtown Middle School in Henry County last year.
Even more of a surprise was the penalty after their family disputed the role they were accused of playing in the vandalism and said it could not pay about $100 in restitution. While both students were suspended from school for a few days, Mikia had to face a school disciplinary hearing and, a few weeks later, a visit by a uniformed officer from the local Sheriff's Department, who served their grandmother with papers accusing Mikia of a trespassing misdemeanor and, potentially, a felony.
As part of an agreement with the state to have the charges dismissed in juvenile court, Mikia admitted to the allegations of criminal trespassing. Mikia, who is African-American, spent their summer on probation, under a 7 p.m. curfew, and had to complete 16 hours of community service in addition to writing an apology letter to a student whose sneakers were defaced in the incident.
Them friend, who is white, was let go after their parents paid restitution.
For all the attention placed on problems that black boys face in terms of school discipline and criminal justice, there is increasing focus on the way those issues affect black girls as well.
The New York Times' Paul Krugman reiterated the paper's endorsement of Hillary Clinton in a recent Op-Ed entitled, “How The Clinton-Trump Race Got Close.” Krugman's explanation wasn't based on Clinton's record of corruption, didn't acknowledge that the Democratic National Committee rigged the primaries for her, or that members of the Democratic Party, with Sen. Bernie Sanders as an exception, sat out the race because “it's them turn.”
Instead, Krugman's explanation was a dogmatic defense of Clinton's infallibility. According to Krugman, Trump's support base is made up entirely of racists, and the mainstream media exaggerated minor missteps or invented scandals about Clinton.
“Sexism was surely involved but may not have been central,” Krugman noted.
Would it also be the media's fault if Sen. Marco Rubio or Gov. John Kasich were the Republican nominee and were leading by several points in some polls against Clinton, as they were earlier this year? Or would it be because the racist Republican base prefers those candidates even more than they do Trump? Would sexism be central to those leads as well?
What Krugman continues to be completely oblivious to—as does The New York Times in its persistent defenses of Clinton—is that they are an awful presidential candidate.
Them foreign policy is militaristic and hawkish, abrasively contradictory to an electorate that is tired of the United States getting involved in relentless and perpetual wars abroad. Clinton's vast network of corporate and wealthy donors is emblematic of the globalization that weakened the middle class in America and contributes to increasing trends of income and wealth inequality.
The conflicts of interest posed by the Clinton Foundation merit criticism, yet Krugman doesn't think so because no concrete example of quid pro quo involving the Clinton Foundation has been cited. Krugman knows how elitism works. The Clinton Foundation, like any other elite organization, consults with lawyers. The foundation has received dubious donations from the oil industry, financial industry, foreign dictatorships and other organizations, while Hillary Clinton signed off on arms exports increases to foreign government donors, touted fracking around the world and aggressively pushed for the interests of corporations abroad during their time as secretary of state. This feedback loop of donations and favors from the Clintons was developed with enough deniability to circumvent any legal repercussions, yet the conflicts of interest are well-documented.
Krugman didn't explicitly mention the controversy surrounding Clinton's private email server—as Democrats have dismissed the investigation as a right-wing conspiracy—even though the State Department inspector general and FBI director acknowledged that Clinton broke the rules. Several Clinton aides, who otherwise could have faced criminal charges, received immunity in exchange for cooperation. Clinton's network host, Paul Combetta, was recently found to have solicited advice on how to alter or delete some of Clinton's emails via Reddit, while released FBI reports detailed how clueless and careless Clinton and their staff actually were. Before the emails were handed over and throughout the investigation Clinton had a team of lawyers and their fellow Democrats fighting to ensure no indictment was recommended by the FBI, while FBI Director James Comey admitted lower-ranked officials would have been reprimanded in some way.
While the media does sensationalize and manufacture outrage over Trump, it doesn't often translate to big leads in the polls for Clinton, because in one way or another they are implicated in comparable scandals. Instead, the Clinton campaign uses victims of Trump's abuse toward women as a campaign tactic—even though Bill Clinton has their own record of scandals. Gennifer Flowers, Paula Jones, Monica Lewinsky, Juanita Broaddrick, Kathleen Willey and others have accused Clinton of extramarital affairs, sexual harassment, and even rape, some of which have proven to be true through Bill's own admission. Bill Clinton even shows up several times on billionaire pedophile Jeffrey Epstein's “Lolita Express” flight logs obtained by Gawker in January 2015.
Krugman also fails to mention how the lack of enthusiasm for Clinton's candidacy translates to poor voter turnout. The fear of Trump will compensate for some lack of enthusiasm, but most people won't vote simply out of alarm. President Obama won in 2008 and 2012 because their campaign inspired hope and enthusiasm. The media's constant touting of outrage over Trump only breeds voter apathy—not support for Clinton. The DNC skipped voter drives leading up to the Democratic primaries because it would have helped Sanders. Traditionally, Democrats have depended on high voter turnouts to win.
Third parties are another scapegoat for close polls, but Libertarian Party candidate Gary Johnson is much more likely to be taking more votes from Trump than Clinton—and Green Party candidate Jill Stein is still polling much lower than Johnson. Third parties have been a reality in presidential elections for decades. Democrats often cite Ralph Nader as a reason for Al Gore losing in 2000, but never say Ross Perot, who received almost 19 percent of the vote, is the reason Bill Clinton won in 1992. Considering the divisive effect Trump has on the Republican Party, third parties are no excuse for Clinton failing to maintain a large lead in polls against him.
If Clinton was even a mediocre presidential candidate, the race between them and Trump wouldn't be anywhere near close in the polls. But, like Trump, Clinton's low favorability ratings make them a bad presidential candidate—and one who risks losing. If they do lose, it won't be the media's fault for being too harsh on Clinton. It will be Clinton and the Democratic Party's fault for pushing a candidate that has elicited and prolonged multiple scandals, and who represents a brand of politics that increasingly favors special interests over representing actual American voters.
Disclosure: Donald Trump is the father-in-law of Jared Kushner, the publisher of Observer Media.
In addition, the company built the simulators used by the two astronauts, John W. Young and Robert L. Crippen, to train for their flight into space and re-entry and landing.
Ford Aerospace would be a substantial company of its own were it not hidden in the huge corporate bulk of Ford Motor. Although it has 11,000 employees and had sales of about $1 billion last year, that only amounts to about 3 percent of Ford, whose sales, even in a very bad year for the automobile business, totaled more than $37 billion.
Ford Aerospace's earnings are grouped by the parent company with its other nonautomotive businesses, including tractors, steel and glass, which posted a combined loss of $99 million in 1980. Mr. Hockeimer said that the aerospace corporation had been consistently profitable, although they declined to provide figures.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Industry analysts cautioned that the aerospace division's success was not likely to solve the parent company's problems. ''In absolute terms a $1 billion company is large, but relative to the size of Ford it isn't, and there is no way it could grow fast enough to make much of a change in Ford's fortunes,'' said Harvey Heinbach, an analyst with Merrill Lynch. Nevertheless, they added, ''I'm sure Ford is glad to have it.''
Mr. Hockeimer said the aerospace company, which is an independently managed, wholly owned subsidiary of Ford, had never been turned down for funds for capital expenditures, despite the parent company's cash pinch. ''I've never been told we can't do something because there isn't enough dough,'' they said. ''In fact, I'm always being asked if there are new things we can get into.'' The Moves Into Other Fields
Diversification into high-technology fields is becoming a common theme in the automobile industry, as growth in car sales flattens out into a replacement market. The Bendix Corporation, a major automotive supplier, has indicated that it plans to make major investments in the electronics field.
And Roger B. Smith, chairperson of the General Motors Corporation, said in a recent interview that they anticipated that the company would be much more diversified by the time they retire, in 1991. Most of that diversification, they indicated, would be in the electronics area as an outgrowth of the research the company has conducted into onboard computers to control automobile fuel economy and emissions.
Ford Aerospace said that the 43 communications satellites it has built makes it the largest company in the field. It has also built the largest single communications satellite, the Intelsat 5, which has 12,000 telephone circuits and two television channels. Mr. Hockeimer said the international Intelsat consortium was soliciting proposals for a new generation of satellites that will have 40,000 channels.
Ford Aerospace is the outgrowth of some military equipment businesses acquired by Ford in the 1950's and elements of its old Philco-Ford appliance operation. But in its current form it has almost nothing to do with consumer products or automobiles.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The BBC will create a pool of more than 140 local democracy reporters to cover council and public meetings for news organisations across the UK – including the Daily Post.
A total of 144 full-time and two part-time local democracy reporters have been allocated to 58 news organisations in England, Scotland and Wales following a competitive bidding process.
The BBC's Local News Partnerships has announced 24 contacts to employ 55 reporters for Trinity Mirror titles which includes two reporters for the Daily Post.
News organisations – ranging from a radio station to online media companies and established regional newspaper groups – will now receive funding from the BBC to cover employment costs of the reporters.
Once recruited, stories written by the democracy reporters will be shared with more than 700 media organisations that have signed up to be part of the Local News Partnerships scheme.
David Holdsworth, controller of BBC English Regions, said: “This is a major advance in the partnership which will significantly improve the reporting on councils and public institutions, leading to greater public accountability for our local politicians.”
As part of its Charter commitment, the BBC is investing up to £8m annually in the Local News Partnerships during the next nine years to the end of the Charter in 2026.
The landmark partnership between the BBC and the News Media Association also includes a Shared Data Unit, based at BBC Birmingham, and a facility allowing local news providers access to regional BBC video and audio content.
The Shared Data Unit will utilise BBC teams and seconded journalists from the wider industry to develop data journalism expertise.
The first regional journalists to be seconded started on November 20.
Ashley Highfield, chairperson of the News Media Association, said: “The ground-breaking Local News Partnership between the NMA and the BBC is now becoming a reality which will benefit the BBC, local media and, most importantly, local communities."
They added: “The initiative has moved the whole relationship between the BBC and the local media sector from confrontation to collaboration, and key benefits will include 150 new journalists on the ground holding public institutions to account on behalf of their readers.
“Managed by local media and funded by BBC, the Local Democracy Reporters are just a part of a slew of collaborative initiatives that will see local media get access to BBC local video and data journalism.”
To be awarded the democracy reporter contracts, the 58 successful news organisations had to pass stringent criteria which included financial stability and a strong track record of relevant journalism in the area they were applying to cover.
The award decisions were made by senior editorial BBC figures across the English regions, Wales and Scotland.
Awashima Marine Park Recovery Support Project “Love Live! Sunshine!! Premium Store”
With the cooperation of “Project Love Live! Sunshine!!” as a wish for full recovery of “Awashima Marine Park” accompanying the damage of the typhoon, “NEOPASA Surugawan – Numazu SA Bound for Aichi Central Nippon Expressway “Love Live! Sunshine!! The premium shop” will be temporarily opened from November 23, 2017.
In addition to original goods, we will sell three kinds of square can badge. Part of that sales will be used for restoration of affected areas in Numazu city through “Friends of the United Nations Asia-Pacific”, which actively develops domestic and international disaster support activities.
Address: NEOPASA Surugawan – Numazu SA Bound for Aichi Central Nippon Expressway, 998-27, Negoya, Numazu-shi, Shizuoka, 410-0309, Japan
Duration: November 23-29
Business hours: 10:00～20:00
※ The final entry will be until 19:45.
※ We will inform you beforehand when business hours will be extended.
HP: http://hmm.tokyo/for_awasima/
Shuttle bus service information
Shuttle buses from Numazu station will be operated while temporary stores are open. When you buy a ticket, you can get a “special bus ticket” using a collaboration illustration which will randomly be given.
You can reserve your own ticket from here!
http://awashima-resort.com/lovelive/index.html#vol_03
Love Live! Sunshine!! Official site
http://www.lovelive-anime.jp/uranohoshi/
Friends of the United Nations Asia-Pacific
http://www.founap.org
Cooperated by Central Nippon Exis Company Limited, Project Love Live! Sunshine!! and
Everyone who supports.
©2017 Project Love Live! Sunshine!
Democratic presidential frontrunner Hillary Clinton on Wednesday came out against a 12-nation trade deal that their former boss, President Obama, announced this week.
In an interview with the PBS Newshour Wednesday, Clinton told host Judy Woodruff that at the moment, they are "not in favor" of the deal as currently constructed. The former secretary of state, who dragged their feet for a while on the issue, also told the host that it doesn't meet the "high bar" they set for any such agreement.
"As of today, I am not in favor of what I have learned about it," Clinton said. "I don't believe it's going to meet the high bar I have set."
Clinton's stance also puts them on the same side as two of their White House rivals -- namely Sen. Bernie Sanders, who has been an outspoken opponent of any potential deal, and former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley, who expressed surprise at their sudden announcement given that they worked with Obama on the issue while at State.
"Wow! That's a reversal!" O'Malley said in a statement. "Secretary Clinton can justify their own reversal of opinion on this, but I didn't have one opinion eight months ago and switch that opinion on the eve of debates."
The U.S. announced Monday, along with Japan and 11 other nations, a deal that cuts trade barriers and sets labor and environmental standards. But very few details are actually known about the agreement at this point.
The deal will face a fight in the Congress, as the administration has already started to whip support for the deal among members.
Clinton had previously refused to take a stance on the issue, even though they had pushed and talked up the measure many times during their tenure in the State Department.
The announcement from Clinton is one of their biggest breaks with the Obama administration, and piggybacks off of their hit against the administration's policy on deportations, which they outlined Monday in an interview with Telemundo.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
PERU, Illinois - An Illinois library is celebrating an anonymous gesture, straight out of the pages of a comic book.
A comic book fan donated their collection of comic book and graphic novels, thousands of them, to the Peru library.
An unassuming town, an unassuming place, but a gesture that could change it all forever. It's like the first line in a new comic, and that's a world the Peru Public Library will be learning about in great detail.
"We did have a graphic novel collection, but it was not as large as we would like. So, this would be a good way to add to it," Peru Public Library director Charm Ruhnke said.
A regular library visitor decided to move away from Peru, donating their comic books to the library, but the scope of what they were getting was the big surprise.
"When they said 30 some boxes, we had a different understanding of what 30 some boxes were," Ruhnke said.
Their early estimates are at around 9,000 comics total, and the variety of titles is something to, for a lack of a better word, marvel.
"Or Wolverine, or Cable, or, well, I'm running out of names. We have them all, we have them all back there," Ruhnke said.
There were some comics of value that they're likely going to sell to help support this new collection, but the real value of these comics for the library comes in helping people get hooked on reading.
"A reluctant reader, they can pick up a comic like this, they can pick up Superman and Bugs Bunny, have a chuckle and a laugh, and be done in an hour," Ruhnke said.
They can explore a whole new world, like any other book.
The excitement for comics is set to take off, with thousands of stories on hand, thanks to a secret superhero.
Ruhnke says they're still sorting through some of the boxes, but the goal is to have them all out for the public to read by some time in January.
Synaxis of the Saints of North America Commemorated on June 14
On the second Sunday after Pentecost, each local Orthodox Church commemorates all the saints, known and unknown, who have shone forth in its territory. Accordingly, the Orthodox Church in America remembers the saints of North America on this day.
Saints of all times, and in every country are seen as the fulfillment of God's promise to redeem fallen humanity. Their example encourages us to “lay aside every weight, and the sin which so easily besets us” and to “run with patience the race that is set before us” (Hebrews 12:1). The saints of North America also teach us how we should live, and what we must expect to endure as Christians
Although it is a relatively young church, the Orthodox Church in America has produced saints in nearly all of the six major categories of saints: Apostles (and Equals of the Apostles); Martyrs (and Confessors); Prophets; Hierarchs; Monastic Saints; and the Righteous. Prophets, of course, lived in Old Testament times and predicted the coming of Christ.
The first Divine Liturgy in what is now American territory (northern latitude 58 degrees, 14 minutes, western longitude 141 degrees) was celebrated on July 20, 1741, the Feast of the Prophet Elias, aboard the ship Peter under the command of Vitus Bering. Hieromonk Hilarion Trusov and the priest Ignatius Kozirevsky served together on that occasion. Several years later, the Russian merchant Gregory I. Shelikov visited Valaam monastery, suggesting to the abbot that it would be desirable to send missionaries to Russian America.
On September 24, 1794, after a journey of 7,327 miles (the longest missionary journey in Orthodox history) and 293 days, a group of monks from Valaam arrived on Kodiak Island in Alaska. The mission was headed by Archimandrite Joasaph, and included Hieromonks Juvenal, Macarius, and Athanasius, the Hierodeacons Nectarius and Stephen, and the monks Herman and Joasaph. Saint Herman of Alaska (December 13, August 9), the last surviving member of the mission, fell asleep in the Lord in 1837.
Throughout the Church's history, the seeds of faith have always been watered by the blood of the martyrs. The Protomartyr Juvenal was killed near Lake Iliamna by natives in 1799, thus becoming the first Orthodox Christian to shed their blood for Christ in the New World. In 1816, Saint Peter the Aleut was put to death by Spanish missionaries in California when they refused to convert to Roman Catholicism.
Missionary efforts continued in the nineteenth century, with outreach to the native peoples of Alaska. Two of the most prominent laborers in Christ's Vineyard were Saint Innocent Veniaminov (March 31 and October 6) and Saint Jacob Netsvetov (July 26), who translated Orthodox services and books into the native languages. Father Jacob Netsvetev died in Sitka in 1864 after a life of devoted service to the Church. Father John Veniaminov, after their wife's death, received monastic tonsure with the name Innocent. They died in 1879 as the Metropolitan of Moscow.
As the nineteenth century was drawing to a close, an event of enormous significance for the North American Church took place. On March 25, 1891, Bishop Vladimir went to Minneapolis to receive Saint Alexis Toth (May 7) and 361 of their parishioners into the Orthodox Church. This was the beginning of the return of many Uniates to Orthodoxy.
Saint Tikhon (Belavin), the future Patriarch of Moscow (April 7, October 9), came to America as bishop of the diocese of the Aleutians and Alaska in September 1898. As the only Orthodox bishop on the continent, Saint Tikhon traveled extensively throughout North America in order to minister to their widely scattered and diverse flock. They realized that the local church here could not be a permanent extension of the Russian Church. Therefore, they focused their efforts on giving the American Church a diocesan and parish structure which would help it mature and grow.
Saint Tikhon returned to Russia in 1907, and was elected as Patriarch of Moscow ten years later. They died in 1925, and for many years their exact burial place remained unknown. Saint Tikhon's grave was discovered on February 22, 1992 in the smaller cathedral of Our Lady of the Don in the Don Monastery when a fire made renovation of the church necessary.
Saint Raphael of Brooklyn (February 27) was the first Orthodox bishop to be consecrated in North America. Archimandrite Raphael Hawaweeny was consecrated by Bishop Tikhon and Bishop Innocent (Pustynsky) at Saint Nicholas Cathedral in New York on March 13, 1904. As Bishop of Brooklyn, Saint Raphael was a trusted and capable assistant to Saint Tikhon in their archpastoral ministry. Saint Raphael reposed on February 27, 1915.
The first All American Council took place March 5-7, 1907 at Mayfield, PA, and the main topic was “How to expand the mission.” Guidelines and directions for missionary activity, and statutes for the administrative structure of parishes were also set forth.
In the twentieth century, in the aftermath of the Russian Revolution, countless men, women, and children received the crown of martyrdom rather than renounce Christ. Saints John Kochurov (October 31) and Alexander Hotovitzky (December 4 and August 7) both served the Church in North America before going back to Russia. Saint John became the first clergyman to be martyred in Russia on October 31, 1917 in Saint Petersburg. Saint Alexander Hotovitzky, who served in America until 1914, was killed in 1937.
In addition to the saints listed above, we also honor those saints who are known only to God, and have not been recognized officially by the Church. As we contemplate the lives of these saints, let us remember that we are also called by God to a life of holiness.
* Vattenfall to shut two reactors in 2018-2020
* Shutdown to reduce expected power surplus
* Long-term power prices rise by more than 4 pct
OSLO, April 28 (Reuters) - Vattenfall's plans to shut Sweden's two oldest nuclear reactors later this decade pushed up forward Nordic power on Tuesday, prompting concern from the country's energy-intensive industry over future high power prices.
Nordic power prices for long-term delivery rose more than 4 percent on news that Ringhals-1 and Righals-2 nuclear reactors with a combined capacity of 1,746 megawatts could be shut by 2018-2020.
The two reactors generated 9.8 terawatt-hours (TWh) of electricity in 2014, compared to 11.6 TWh produced by all wind power turbines in Sweden.
Vattenfall said it is being forced to shut the two reactors due to falling wholesale power prices and rising costs.
Nuclear power operators in Sweden have to pay a tax on each megawatt-hour produced, and the government has decided to raise it from around 6 euros to 7 euros from August.
“If there was no nuclear tax, we wouldn't have to shut the reactors,” Vattenfall Chief Executive Magnus Hall told Reuters.
Sweden's energy-intensive industry, such as pulp and papermakers, metal producers and miners, say government policies are creating uncertainty, which could discourage new investment.
“If we have two or even three reactors taken out of service before 2020 ... we will have a very difficult supply situation in southern Sweden, particularly during winter,” said Maria Suner Fleming, head of energy and climate policy at the Confederation of Swedish Enterprise, the main business lobby.
“Who will choose to invest in energy-intensive industry in Sweden given such a situation?” they added.
Mats Gustavsson, chief executive of BasEl, an association of steel, forestry, mining and chemical firms in Sweden, said the shutdown could lead to a jump in wholesale power prices.
“Sweden's industry is built on the fact that electricity is available and at low cost,” they added.
Analysts said power prices for 2018-2020 rose as plans to shut the two reactors meant there will be less supply than previously expected.
“The shutdown will wipe out about two-thirds of what was yesterday expected to be a 15 TWh power surplus in the Nordics in 2018,” said Kristoffer Uppheim, an analyst at Thomson Reuters Point Carbon.
Vattenfall said the decision to shut two reactors at Ringhals plant will have to be approved by Germany's E.ON , which holds a 29.6 percent stake.
E.ON was not immediately available for comment. (Reporting by Nerijus Adomaitis and Simon Johnson in Stockholm, editing by Nina Chestney and David Evans)
Manchester United striker Wayne Rooney is ready to make a big impact at this summer's World Cup, according to interim manager Ryan Giggs.
Rooney has endured a succession of tournament failures since bursting onto the international scene at Euro 2004.
However, Giggs feels the England man can enjoy more success in Brazil.
Rooney and Jones for England Phil Jones: Made international debut aged 19 in 2-2 draw away to Montenegro in Euro 2012 qualifier in October 2011.
Made international debut aged 19 in 2-2 draw away to Montenegro in Euro 2012 qualifier in October 2011. Has nine England caps and no goals.
Wayne Rooney: Made international debut aged 17 in 3-1 home friendly defeat by Australia in February 2003.
Made international debut aged 17 in 3-1 home friendly defeat by Australia in February 2003. Has 89 England caps and 38 goals.
"Wayne is a top player," said Giggs. "He is at a good age.  They are probably at the peak of their powers and I know for a fact they can't wait for it."
Rooney is unlikely to be involved in United's final Premier League game at Southampton on Sunday after suffering a minor groin injury.
Yet Giggs is not concerned it will affect Rooney's World Cup preparations - confirming both the forward and defender Phil Jones, whose tournament seemed to be in doubt when they were forced out of Tuesday's 3-1 win against Hull with a shoulder injury, will be fit.
That will be a relief for England boss Roy Hodgson, who is due to name a provisional 30-man squad for the World Cup on Monday.
On Rooney, Giggs said: "He is training and will be fine for the World Cup.
"He has just started (training) over the last couple of days. Sunday is a little bit too soon for him."
Jones will also be absent from the United squad that will travel to St Mary's at the end of such a disappointing season.
"The injury is not as bad as I thought," Giggs said. "He won't be fit for Sunday but they will be OK for the World Cup."
Giggs was never able to qualify for a World Cup with Wales during their own international career, and they wish they had the opportunity ahead of Rooney and their England team-mates flying out to Brazil in a few weeks' time.
"We have all watched Brazilian teams over the years and to actually play in a World Cup in Brazil is something I wished I had the pleasure of doing," said Giggs.
"Wayne has had a fantastic season.  They are going away next week and working on their fitness so this little groin strain has probably helped them because they will be going into it relatively fresh.
"And the vibrant young players around them can only help."
Teens Now Reach For E-Cigarettes Over Regular Ones
Nearly 9 percent of 8th graders, more than 16 percent of 10th graders and more than 17 percent of high school seniors have used the devices in the past month, the survey found.
MELISSA BLOCK, HOST:
A study of the lives of American teenagers tells us this - more of them use electronic cigarettes than smoke traditional cigarettes.
AUDIE CORNISH, HOST:
That's just one of the findings from a big annual survey out of the University of Michigan. Here's another - the use of synthetic drugs is on the decline among U.S. teens. We'll hear how one city worked to curb the abuse of one of those synthetic drugs, bath salts, in just a moment.
BLOCK: First, NPR health correspondent Rob Stein reports on the survey's findings about e-cigarettes, which come amid an intense debate about the devices.
ROB STEIN, BYLINE: E-cigarettes look a lot like regular cigarettes, but instead of burning tobacco they heat up a liquid containing nicotine, creating a vapor that people inhale. And according to the survey, they're more popular among teenagers than anyone thought. Richard Miech of the University of Michigan says nearly 9 percent of eighth graders and more than 16 percent of 10th graders had used an e-cigarette in the past month.
RICHARD MIECH: We found that among eighth and 10th graders, more than twice as many reported using an e-cigarette than a regular tobacco cigarette. And among 12th graders, we find in the past 30 days about 17 percent had reported using an e-cigarette, whereas only 14 percent had reported using a regular tobacco cigarette.
STEIN: The results come from a federally-funded survey of more than 41,000 students at more than 370 schools around the country.
MIECH: This is the first national study to show that among teens, e-cigarettes are now - have higher use than regular tobacco cigarettes. These results show that e-cigarettes have become the nicotine delivery device of choice among today's teens.
STEIN: Public health experts say the results are worrying for lots of reasons. Even though e-cigarettes may be safer than regular cigarettes, they still may cause health problems. And they worry e-cigarettes could hook a new generation on nicotine, increasing the chances they'll start using regular cigarettes, as well as other drugs.
Nora Volkow heads the National Institute on Drug Abuse.
NORA VOLKOW: These may in turn influence the patterns of other drug use because the research has shown that exposure to nicotine enhances the rewarding effects of other drugs. So they're concerned that in turn, it may serve as a so-called gateway drug.
STEIN: The companies that make e-cigarettes agree that teenagers shouldn't be using the devices, which is known as vaping. But Gregory Conley of the American Vaping Association says there is one bright spot. They think e-cigarettes have helped drive teen smoking rates to record lows.
GREGORY CONLEY: What I think is happening is that you have teens who would smoke, if e-cigarettes were not available on the market. And instead of smoking, they are turning to vapor products.
STEIN: Public health experts dispute that argument, though. They say there's evidence e-cigarettes are being used by the kinds of kids who don't usually smoke regular cigarettes.
Rob Stein, NPR News.
Copyright © 2014 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
We told you so. Although it took about four months longer than we all thought it would — prompting many iPhone gamers to despair — Need For Speed Undercover finally made it to the App Store.
While this game has lingered a little too long in development to have a truly revolutionary impact on the platform, it's still a wicked ride.
Need For Speed Undercover is a lightning-fast arcade racer that is in close touch with its console heritage. The gameplay's been adjusted for the casual nature of the iPhone platform, though. You simply tilt to steer, tilt more to drift, touch the screen to brake, and do nothing to accelerate (it's automatic). Simple touch gestures handle nitro boost and “speedbreaker,” the game's slow-motion mode.
This simplicity isn't necessarily a bad thing–it's a breeze to learn how to play, and the controls never stand in the way of enjoying the high-octane gameplay–but it might turn off those looking for a more technical racing experience.
Also, you can't adjust the sensitivity of the controls, or use an alternate touch layout. We found the default tuning to be a little stiff for our taste.
Unlike many other racing games, Need For Speed Undercover is purely a single-player experience. You're playing through the Story Mode whether you like it or not. This isn't a problem gameplay-wise, because there are a lot of different kinds of races and missions to savor.
These include two-car duels, four-car elimination races, cop chases, and combat missions, among others. It's a sizable scenario that stretches across three cities, and there's a definite increase in difficulty as you go along. It'll keep most players busy for 3 to 5 hours.
The story itself we could have done without, though. Yes, full-motion video is cool, but watching C-list actors struggle to hold a fake conversation with the camera is pretty goofy, especially when they're spouting nonsense about crooked cops and chop-shop gangs.
The game's stable of licensed cars is the real story here, anyway. In addition to looking really good, these cars a lot of fun to tune up and customize using cash earned on missions. You can add useful stuff like nitro capacity and handling packages… or you can waste money painting your ride hot pink and jacking it up on hydraulics. It won't intimidate the locals, but it's pretty hilarious.
Need For Speed Undercover handily outruns the competition in terms of presentation. The car models are very smooth compared to other racing games, and there's a lot of detail in the blighted urban landscapes you're powering through. You can see individual fronds on the palm trees lining the roads.
Clever use of speed lines and camera tilting help to impart a blistering sense of velocity and knife-edge handling, especially when engaging nitro boost. There's a bit of a framerate chug when a bunch of vehicles hit the screen at once or a new song loads up, but it doesn't last long.
All in all, these graphics are much closer to fully mature, console-quality work than other iPhone racers. The sound's not quite as much of a strong point, but still good. The game's handful of rock tunes fit the subject nicely; the tire squeals and crashes sound a little anemic to our ear, but they're serviceable.
The straight dope on Need For Speed Undercover is that it started out really good, and it grew on us the further we got. Ten dollars is a lot to ask for an iPhone game, but this game blurs the already faltering line between iPhone gaming and the portable consoles, rendering the difference as indistinguishable as a road sign seen at 200 MPH. We shudder to think the stir this game would have caused if it had come out in January, as originally scheduled, but it is still well worth owning in May.
Harry Harper died of head injuries after being bitten by the normally 'mild-mannered' dog, Telford coroner's court told
A week-old baby boy died of head injuries after being attacked by a normally placid pet dog as they slept in their cot, an inquest has heard.
Telford coroner's court was told the family of Harry Harper, who suffered a fractured skull, had an unblemished record of caring for and controlling dogs over many years prior to the tragic accident last November.
Harry was pronounced dead in hospital about 90 minutes after being bitten by their family's seven-year-old jack russell.
The infant was taken to Telford's Princess Royal hospital by ambulance on 20 November after being attacked in the living room of their mother's family home in the Ketley area of the town.
Members of Harry's family, including their mother, Mikayla Bell, 19, and their grandmother, Teresa, did not give evidence in person to the inquest.
But their statements and those of a paramedic who attended the scene were read to the court by a coroner's officer.
In their statement, Harry's mother, who works as a sales assistant, described jack russell PJ and the family's German shepherd cross as "mild-mannered" pets.
Bell said: "There have never been any issues with the dogs and young children – they are never aggressive towards people or other dogs.
"As a family, we were all very mindful of the dogs."
On the morning of 20 November, Bell said they were woken by an alarm at 6.30am and later heard their mother screaming and shouting.
"I immediately ran downstairs and saw mum holding Harry over the sink," they said. "Mum was repeatedly saying: 'I'm sorry, I'm sorry' and I heard mum say: 'He's been bitten.'
"I think at some point mum said it was PJ that had bitten him."
In their statement, the baby's mother continued: "I feel angry about what happened but I don't blame anyone – I am shocked to know it was PJ because they aren't vicious at all.
"I understand that no one is to blame and what happened was a really tragic accident."
Detective Inspector Phil Shakesheff, of West Mercia police, told the inquest that a criminal inquiry had found no evidence that either of the family's dogs had previously been dangerous or out of control.
The senior officer said: "The family have an unblemished history of caring for and controlling many dogs over a period of many years. On this occasion this jack russell has not followed [Harry's grandmother] back into the kitchen for a gate to be closed and remained in the sitting room to attack the baby.
"There is no evidence to suggest that the death of Harry is anything other than a tragic incident that can't be ruled out from occurring in any other dog-owning household where children are present."
In their statement to the coroner, Teresa Bell said they saw PJ, who was later put down, sitting near their injured grandson in their carrycot, which had been placed on the living room table.
Describing their dogs as placid and not prone to snarling, they added: "They had certainly not bitten anyone before. I know it was a tragic accident, but I will always wonder if I could have done something differently that morning."
Since 2007, the inquest heard, dogs have killed eight people around the country, including six children.
Recording a verdict of accidental death, Telford's assistant deputy coroner, Andrew Barkley, urged dog-owners to recognise the dangers posed to children by their pets.
Praising Harry's family for their dignity and courage in attending the inquest, Barkley said: "There is no evidence to suggest that the dog responsible for the attack sustained by Harry had in the past been dangerous or dangerously out of control."
The coroner added: "One can only hope that if anything positive can come out of what has been a deeply distressing case, it's that the public recognise the dangers associated with babies and small children being around dogs."
In a statement read out on their behalf by Shakesheff following the inquest, Harry's family appealed for the media to respect their privacy and thanked wellwishers for sending messages of sympathy.
The family statement read: "As a family, we remain absolutely devastated by Harry's death.
"Although they were only with us for eight days, they had brought enormous happiness to us all and their loss is a tragedy that we will carry with us forever.
"We will treasure every single moment we enjoyed of them and we will never forget the joy they gave us when they arrived."
Copyright 2019 Cable News Network/Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
(AP) The Illinois Supreme Court has struck down a state law designed to narrow multibillion-dollar deficits in Chicago's employee pension funds.
The court released the decision Thursday.
The Legislature and former Gov. Pat Quinn approved the plan in 2014, to rescue two of the city's chronically underfunded pension programs that cover 61,000 current and retired municipal civil servant workers.
The two accounts are short by about $8 billion. Workers such as librarians, health care aides and non-teaching public school employees are covered by one fund, while city laborers are covered by another.
The law reduced pension benefits and required significantly higher city contributions. The city warned the funds would be insolvent within 15 years without the change.
Rethinking Domestic Violence is the third in a series of books by Donald Dutton critically reviewing research in the area of intimate partner violence (IPV). The research crosses disciplinary lines, including social and clinical psychology, sociology, psychiatry, affective neuropsychology, criminology, and criminal justice research. Since the area of IPV is so heavily politicized, Dutton tries to steer through conflicting claims by assessing the best research methodology. As a result, they come to some very new conclusions.
These conclusions include the finding that IPV is better predicted by psychological rather than social-structural factors, particularly in cultures where there is relative gender equality. Dutton argues that personality disorders in either gender account for better data on IPV. Their findings also contradict earlier views among researchers and policymakers that IPV is essentially perpetrated by males in all societies. Numerous studies are reviewed in arriving at these conclusions, many of which employ new and superior methodologies than were available previously.
After twenty years of viewing IPV as generated by gender and focusing on a punitive "law and order" approach, Dutton argues that this approach must be more varied and flexible. Treatment providers, criminal justice system personnel, lawyers, and researchers have indicated the need for a new view of the problem -- one less invested in gender politics and more open to collaborative views and interdisciplinary insights. Dutton's rethinking of the fundamentals of IPV is essential reading for psychologists, policymakers, and those dealing with the sociology of social science, the relationship of psychology to law, and explanations of adverse behaviour.
Advertisement
Photo: IBM
Neuromorphic computer chips meant to mimic the neural network architecture of biological brains have generally fallen short of their wetware counterparts in efficiency—a crucial factor that has limited practical applications for such chips. That could be changing. At a power density of just 20 milliwatts per square centimeter, IBM's new brain-inspired chip comes tantalizingly close to such wetware efficiency. The hope is that it could bring brainlike intelligence to the sensors of smartphones, smart cars, and—if IBM has its way—everything else.
The latest IBM neurosynaptic computer chip, called TrueNorth, consists of 1 million programmable neurons and 256 million programmable synapses conveying signals between the digital neurons. Each of the chip's 4,096 neurosynaptic cores includes the entire computing package: memory, computation, and communication. Such architecture helps to bypass the bottleneck in traditional von Neumann computing, where program instructions and operation data cannot pass through the same route simultaneously.
“This is literally a supercomputer the size of a postage stamp, light like a feather, and low power like a hearing aid,” says Dharmendra Modha, IBM fellow and chief scientist for brain-inspired computing at IBM Research-Almaden, in San Jose, Calif.
Such chips can emulate the human brain's ability to recognize different objects in real time; TrueNorth showed it could distinguish among pedestrians, bicyclists, cars, and trucks. IBM envisions its new chips working together with traditional computing devices as hybrid machines, providing a dose of brainlike intelligence. The chip's architecture, developed together by IBM and Cornell University, was first detailed in August in the journal Science.
Big-Brain Chips
“The impressive aspects of TrueNorth are the integration density—a million neurons on a single, admittedly very big, chip—and the very low power consumption for this many neurons,” says Steve Furber, a professor of computer engineering at the University of Manchester, in England, who is behind a competing effort [see “To Build a Brain,” IEEE Spectrum, August 2012].
With a total of 5.4 billion transistors, the computer chip is one of the largest CMOS chips ever built. Yet it uses just 70 mW in operation and has a power density about 1/10,000 that of most modern microprocessors. That brings neuromorphic engineering closer to the human brain's marvelous efficiency as a grapefruit-size organ that consumes just 20 W.
IBM minimized power usage in several ways. For one, it traded the traditional processor's clock—used to trigger and coordinate computational processes—for a more biological concept called event-driven computing. TrueNorth's digital neurons can work together asynchronously without a clock by reacting to signal spikes, which are the output of both real neurons and silicon ones.
IBM also saved on power through the design of an on-chip network that interconnects all the chip's neurosynaptic cores instead of using extra power to communicate with off-chip memory. And finally, it made the chip using a process technology meant for producing low-power mobile processors.
One brainlike feature that IBM did not mimic to reduce power consumption was to make TrueNorth's neurons analog instead of digital. The choice to go all-digital led to a number of advantages: First, IBM dodged the problem of slight differences in the manufacturing process or temperature fluctuations that have an outsize effect on analog circuits.
Second, the lack of analog circuitry allowed the IBM team to dramatically shrink its hardware. Many experimental neuromorphic chips still use analog circuits that must be built using a process that on the Moore's Law curve is more than a decade behind the process used today, Furber explains. By comparison, IBM fabricated its chip using Samsung's 28-nanometer process technology—typical for manufacturing chips for today's mobile devices.
And finally, the digital design enabled TrueNorth's hardware to become functionally equivalent to its software—a factor that allowed the IBM software team to build TrueNorth applications on a simulator before the chip itself had been built.
The chip represents the culmination of a decade of Modha's personal research and almost six years of funding from the U.S. Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA). Modha continues to lead DARPA's SyNAPSE project, a global effort that has committed more than US $100 million since 2008 to making computers that can learn. “Our long-term end goal is to build a ‘brain in a box' with 100 billion synapses consuming 1 kilowatt of power,” Modha says.
But the goal of that brain is different from the goals of other, similar projects. TrueNorth's digital circuits are designed with commercial applications in mind. Other projects have the goal of better understanding how the brain works.
SpiNNaker, a neural network based on digital circuits and led by Furber, uses a general-purpose parallel computing system tuned to run neurons based in software rather than hardware. The SpiNNaker team, which soon plans to simulate 100 million neurons using 100,000 chips, sacrificed the efficiency of dedicated hardware to gain the flexibility of software: “Our primary goal is to understand biology, so the flexibility is important in understanding the biological brain,” Furber says. For applications-focused IBM, “the efficiency and the density of their chip is perhaps more important than the flexibility they've retained.”
This article originally appeared in print as “IBM's New Brain.”
A correction to this article was made on 02 October 2014.
7. Count von Count
Count is one of the best Sesame Street characters, but put them in a situation where there are an insurmountable thing to count and you have a huge problem on your hands. He'll be counting your drinks, them drinks, the bottles of booze behind the bar, everything. Could lead you into an unwanted scuffle with a drunken derelict that's bad at arithmetic ("tell that purple fella to shut their damn mouth") or just the sad acceptance of youth passing you as you realize you're slurring words only four beers in. That's not even bringing up their natural vampire ability of hypnotic charm so you might walk up without a shot in the first place.
Count on not getting any more numbers other than the ones Count be counting (but if you do happen to get them digits at least he'll remember them for you).
(Note: Shem The Pen thinks Count should be much higher, like top three. Says he's got swag style and a castle to boot. Fair points, but I'm telling ya, the counting is really gonna screw things up. SHEM THE PEN: "The Count is the only Sesame Street character with any real swag level for the bars.")
Wingman Rating: 4! (4 Rating Points! Ha ha!)
Philip Kirschner, a 9-11 first responder who is struggling with their health in the aftermath of their service, spoke to Breitbart News about how Donald Trump helped them during a time of need.
Kirschner, although struggling to survive after having heart problems and kidney cancer among other health issues, doesn't regret helping people on 9-11 and wants people to know, “We would do it again, but we're not discardable.”
In 2011, Kirschner was hospitalized in Florida and needed to get to the Cleveland Clinic.
“I was given a dual channel AICD, which has been deployed several times and has saved my life,” Kirschner recalls. They believe Trump is the reason they were able to get transported from Florida to Cleveland.
“I called my roommate, who I told to call my uncle, who knew them basically at the time,” they explained to Breitbart News, saying the hospital in Florida was unable to transport him, but they received a flight from Trump to get their healthcare needs met. “One of the charities, Angel Flight, did get a call to try to facilitate my move, so I know a couple of people were working to get me moved to Cleveland where I had a chance of survival.”
“He did a couple, quite a number, of Angel Flights with groups,” Kirschner recalls of Trump. “I want people to learn that he's a humanitarian, that they reach out, they donate.”
“He gives to medical charities. They give to a lot of huge causes,” Kirschner added.
Kirschner's uncle, who worked in the electrical contracting business, told them Trump was a “shrewd negotiator.”
Describing themselves as a lifelong Democrat until September 11, 2001, Kirschner, who is a dual national and Jewish, originally supported Sen. Rand Paul (R-KY) but now believes Trump is the right candidate for America in the general election.
Kirschner explained, adding that their fiancée lost their job and was forced to train their replacement, who was a foreign worker on an H1B visa:
This nation is in such dire straits right now. I am a student of history and when you change the language and when you dumb it down and you change the moral and ethical code of a nation, things like Nazi Germany could happen. That's my concern. At the same time, you have a deindustrialization of the country with a move toward a global swing rather than national and I think we need a national candidate. I see Hillary with their causal relationships … I see their relationship with the Muslim Sisterhood as counterproductive to American values.
“I met with Ted Cruz at the Iowa Growth and Opportunity and Party,” Kirschner told Breitbart News, saying they asked him, “Can you come on board and support the James Zadroga Reauthorization Act?”
Kirschner said they believe the legislation provides five years of healthcare and compensation to 9-11 survivors who are on fixed incomes.
“He said to me that I'm not sure I can sign on to it, but what I will tell you is this, for your own sake, you should go to Israel, since you're Jewish. They have national healthcare there,” Kirschner recalled of Cruz's response. “I was taken back by that,” Kirschner added, saying they felt it was disingenuous.
Was calling me a euphemism for vulva supposed to hurt my feelings? lol
I stand by my words too. That's why I don't ask people to take down stuff I've posted publicly. I've also posted selfies on this blog, not exactly a coward in my book. And for someone who was asking someone to take down something you posted publicly because you didn't want your face on it, I find this entire approach a little… well, completely ridiculous.
A coward does childish shit like this, after threatening violence, and still thinks they're the victim. I'm not the one spreading hate and negativity. I'm one of many calling YOU out on YOUR hate and violent threats.
I hope that at some point in your life you'll have to learn how to (again) take accountability for your actions. This entiiiiiire post proves that you're one of those people who think they can spew whatever shit they want at people, and when people call them out, they throw tantrums like this.
Approximately $187 million was bet on sports in August at Nevada sportsbooks, an all-time high for the month, according to Nevada Gaming Control. Bettors did not fare well.
The books won $11.37 million in August, including $10.02 million on NFL and college football combined. The month included the four weeks of the NFL preseason and Week 1 of college football.
The books held 17.38 percent of the money bet on football in August. The average annual hold percentage on football is 4-6 percent. But the last three Augusts have been exceptional for the books. They held 20.17 percent on football in 2013 and 26.95 percent in 2012.
Nevada Gaming Control senior research analyst Michael Lawton attributes August's higher hold percentage to lighter volume in August compared to the months during the regular season. Or perhaps, as some have suggested, the overall talent level of the bettors is at its squarest to start the football season. Regardless of the reason, August football has been kind to the books.
Bettors fared better in baseball, but not by much. The books won $3.33 million on baseball in August, a 35.9 percent decrease from August 2013. On the season, the books are up $22.13 million on baseball from April through August. Their average annual baseball win over the past five years is $24.56.
Overall, though, business is good at Nevada sportsbooks. From September 2013 through August 2014, sportsbooks won $225.6 million, a 44.49 percent increase from the previous 12-month span.
Bucs, Vikings save books
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers and Minnesota Vikings saved Las Vegas sportsbooks on a chalk-heavy Sunday.
Favorites covered the spread in six of the seven early games. That's never good for the sportsbooks, which almost always end up being financially invested in the underdogs.
The Buccaneers were the only underdogs to cover in the early games. After being embarrassed by the Atlanta Falcons in the Thursday game Sept. 18, Tampa Bay responded by beating the Pittsburgh Steelers 27-24 as 7.5-point underdogs. The Bucs' outright upset eliminated a ton of parlay liability that had built up with the early slew of favorites covering the spread. It was a huge swing game for the books. But there was still plenty to sweat in the afternoon games.
"We could all go away, if we don't get the Vikings," joked Jay Rood, vice president of race and sports for MGM, during the second half of the Atlanta-Minnesota game. "An outright win would be outstanding. A cover keeps us ahead."
The Vikings delivered. In the hours leading to kickoff, the point spread grew from Atlanta minus-3 to minus-6. Minnesota outscored the Falcons 14-0 in the second half to seal a 41-28 victory and help the books rest easier, heading into the night game.
"That really helped us avoid a major fire," Jason Simbal, vice president of race and sports at the CG Technology sportsbook, said of the Vikings' upset.
While the Bucs' and Vikings' upsets produced the biggest wins of the day for the books, the Green Bay Packers' beatdown of the Chicago Bears was responsible for their biggest loss. And, perhaps, we should have seen it coming.
Bears quarterback Jay Cutler has the worst record against the spread of any NFL starter who has completed three seasons, at 42-63-2. He's been especially bad against the Packers. The Bears are 2-9 ATS versus the Packers with Cutler starting. Green Bay starter Aaron Rodgers, on the other hand, improved to 59-38-3 ATS in the Packers' 38-17 win over Chicago. That's the best ATS mark of any quarterback with at least three seasons under their belt.
The underdog Dallas Cowboys' convincing 38-17 win over the New Orleans Saints capped another winning Sunday for the books. The game going over the total of 53.5, however, cut into the books' profit. William Hill's sportsbook said it was holding 10 times more bets on the over than the under in the Saints-Cowboys game.
A day earlier, college football's unspectacular Saturday slate produced a ho-hum result for the books. Several shops reported lackluster handle with few big decisions.
"We were just giving money from one player to another," said David Pemberton, director of specialty games at Caesars Entertainment.
Ed Salmons, head football oddsmaker at the Westgate SuperBook, added, "It seems like we've had 12 weeks of Michigan State-Wyoming games. It was just a nondescript Saturday, with no big decisions. I think people are a little tired of it. Next week, thankfully, should be fantastic, though."
Michigan's woes
Michigan's odds tell the story in Ann Arbor. The Wolverines are now 9,999-to-1 to win the national championship at the Westgate SuperBook. Their odds would be higher, but ...
@DavidPurdum Just a note. That's the biggest number we can put in our system. - LVSuperBook (@LVSuperBook) September 28, 2014
The Wolverines opened at 125-to-1 to win the national title in January at the MGM sportsbook and were bet down to 22-to-1 before the season. But three straight ugly losses to Notre Dame, Utah and Minnesota have sent Michigan's odds plummeting, along with coach Brady Hoke's job security.
Updated college football national championship odds
Alabama enjoyed a bye and remained the favorite to win the national championship at the SuperBook. The Crimson Tide, at 5-1, are followed by Florida State and Oklahoma at 6-1 and Auburn at 7-1. Baylor and UCLA are at 10-1.
Week 6 early college football action
Two favorites quickly became underdogs in two showcase games on an intriguing Saturday slate.
On Sunday, Texas A&M opened as a 1.5-point favorite against Mississippi State at the Wynn. By Monday morning, the Bulldogs were 1-point favorites.
Undefeated Notre Dame opened as a 1-point favorite in its showdown with Stanford, but early action made the Cardinal a 1-point favorite by Monday morning.
Up to 280 girls and boys said to have been filmed being abused in one village, but victims' parents say police did not act until there was a national uproar
The parents of victims of a child sexual abuse scandal that has horrified Pakistan say police tried to downplay the scale of crimes committed by a paedophile ring in a village in the country's east.
It has been claimed that up to 280 girls and boys under the age of 14 were filmed being abused in Hussain Khan Wala, a village in Punjab province, near the Indian border. The videos were then used to blackmail their families as well as being sold to websites that host child abuse images.
Locals say police were reluctant to take action until it became a national scandal.
“Police did not even listen to me when I went to the station,” said the mother of one rape victim, who did not want their name revealed and who first took video evidence to the police in July.
“The first police officer said I should ask my daughter whether their rapist was their lover,” the woman said.
Public anger has been stoked by police claims over the weekend that far fewer victims were involved and that they were well into their teenage years at the time.
Latif Ahmed Sara, a lawyer representing the victims, insisted every third house in the village was affected by the abuse.
Last week there were clashes between police and hundreds of protesters who believe there was an attempt to protect a criminal group that they say includes influential local people.
Police insist they took the case seriously from the start, appealing through local mosques for people with information to come forward. They say they have identified 10 culprits and made seven arrests so far.
The disturbing videos have circulated widely within the village, which is thought to be home to about 5,000 people. Many villagers have copies of the videos on their mobile phones, which they have shown to members of the media who have visited in recent days.
Officials who have viewed them say much of the abuse appeared to take place in a schoolroom and a farmhouse.
The case has triggered a wave of disgust in Pakistan, where child abuse is widespread but rarely challenged, according to human rights groups.
Responding to the public clamour, the chief minister of Punjab, the province where the abuse took place, ordered a judicial inquiry on Sunday. Pakistan's prime minister, Nawaz Sharif, has vowed to bring those involved to justice.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Villagers walk through the streets of Hussain Khan Wala. A lawyer believes every third house in the village has been affected by the abuse. Photograph: Arif Ali/AFP/Getty Images
There was criticism, however, over the failure of any politicians to visit the village, which lies just 30 miles south of the provincial capital Lahore.
Police say the case was first reported on 1 July and that local mosques were immediately called on to appeal for information.
Rai Babar, a district police officer, said the men in the videos were easily identifiable but that only 50 clips had been recovered, not the hundreds reported in the media.
“I assure you people involved in this inhuman act will be brought to justice,” they said. “It is not something started in the near past, rather it is something related to the last seven or eight years.”
Police have claimed the videos had been brought to light to discredit a group of people involved in a local land dispute.
“Why did the police let criminals get away with doing this to our innocent kids for so long?” asked Abdul Razaq, father of one of the victims. Razaq added that their son had been threatened to keep quiet or risk the video of their abuse being made public.
“They only took action when the media raised the story up,” they said.
Linda Wenzel, a 16-year-old who fled Germany to join ISIS has been captured in Mosul, Iraq
A school girl found with a female ISIS suicide squad in Mosul became 'lonely and withdrawn' after their parents' marriage broke down, it was claimed today.
Linda Wenzel, 16, ran away from home in Germany a year ago after their parents separated and their mother Katharina began a new relationship with a caretaker at a local school.
The teenager, described as 'a brilliant student', fled the country using their mother's passport and flew from Berlin to Turkey before making their way to Syria.
Police believe they fell in love with a Muslim man they met online who persuaded them to flee to the terror group's so-called caliphate.
Pictures have emerged showing the moment they were captured in the ruins of war-torn Mosul, Iraq's second-largest city.
They were found in a tunnel with 20 members of the terror group's fearsome all-female police force, some of whom were wearing suicide vests.
At first, troops thought they may have been a kidnapped Yazidi slave due to their lack of Arabic.
Today their neighbours in the village of Pulsnitz, near Dreseden, south-east Germany, told of their shock and anger that the promising youngster left home to join the extremist group.
Linda fled a year ago after flying from Berlin to Turkey before making their way to Syria. Pictured: Linda being captured as Mosul was recaptured from ISIS
By the time their mother noticed they were missing, Linda (pictured before leaving Germany) had already flown to Turkey and vanished
One former neighbour in the town of Gruenestrasse, where they lived with their parents before they split up last year, said: 'What a b***h for putting their parents through this.
'What sort of person gives themselves over to a group killing their own people in Germany? I hope a jail cell awaits them when they return, not yellow ribbons.'
School friends have described the quiet teenager as becoming increasingly withdrawn.
Another neighbour Angela Ehrenberg, 65, said: 'She was a very quiet, sensitive child. But there was an aura of loneliness about them that I could not understand.'
In 2015 they were confirmed into the local church. Female priest Maria Gruener said: 'She was a very placid girl who did not want to take part in confirmation instruction.'
But unbeknownst to her, Linda was falsely adopting the faith of the Christian church while secretly giving their heart to Islam.
As they attended the church, their parents' marriage broke down and they moved with their mother to Pulsnitz.
Linda (pictured, after they were captured) was among 20 ISIS followers seized after Mosul fell following a ten month battle which left 25,000 Jihadists dead
Linda (pixilated, before fleeing to Syria) was unhappy at home and turned to Islam and soon began engaging with ISIS followers in the Middle East on Internet chat rooms
There, Katharina moved in with Thomas Weiss. Unhappy and insecure, Linda suddenly found themselves with a new stepfather - and an older stepsister called Dana.
In May last year the troubled teenager made contact on the internet with an Islamist preacher in Hamburg who sent them a copy of the Koran.
'It seemed to offer their answers in a confused life,' said Christina, 16, a fellow pupil at the town's Ernst-Rierscher-Comprehensive school.
Linda (pictured before fleeing to Syria) used the counterfeit bank authorisation and their mother's forged identification papers to buy a plane ticket to Istanbul
'Last summer, shortly before we broke up, they began leaving home with a small bag in which they had an Islamic headscarf and long flowing robes which they donned to cover up all their skin. There were some arguments with staff.'
They stole their mother's credit card and secretly bought an airline ticket to Istanbul. Until six months before they fled they had never even travelled by train alone, it has been reported.
But on Friday July 1 last year they told their mother and father they were going to spend the weekend with a friend called Caroline and would be back on Sunday.
They never came home - and was never at their friend's.
Instead they travelled to Frankfurt and caught a plane to Istanbul before being smuggled into Syria.
Eventually, they ended up in Mosul where they changed their name to Umm Mariam, and was taken as a 'jihadist bride'.
Behind them they left baffled friends and parents as well as teachers who said they were in course for impressive A level results.
Speaking from the schoolgirl's hometown last July, their mother said they were devastated.
Iraqi security forces recently ended three years of ISIS rule in the Iraqi city of Mosul (pictured) and the terror group is under growing pressure in Raqqa
Footage reportedly showing ISIS fighters crawling out of their tunnels to surrender to Iraqi counter-terror units after Mosul was reclaimed from jihadists
Around 900,000 people fled the fighting in Mosul, with more than a third sheltered in camps outside Iraq's second largest city
They said: 'When they did not come back and then I found out they had never even been there, I called the police. In their room they found a print of a plane ticket to Istanbul under the mattress.
'I was shocked, my daughter has never stolen or lied about anything before.
'I am devastated by the fact that they were apparently completely brainwashed and persuaded to leave the country by someone and that they managed to hide it from me.'
A search of their room by police unearthed a copy of their airline ticket bought on their mother's credit card and assorted Islamic literature.
They were found in Mosul where pockets of the city remain insecure after ten months of heavy fighting.
Around 900,000 people fled the conflict, with more than a third sheltered in camps and the rest living with family and friends in other neighbourhoods.
