This book will transform you through its moving stories about reaching into the world of an Alzheimer's patient, about helping someone die a more peaceful death, and about inspiring a child with a special need to sing and dance. These compassionate stories captivate the human spirit and may bring a tear to your eye. “Jennifer's appearance at the entrance to the kitchen would bring instant delight to mom's eyes and a huge beautiful smile to them face. It was the highlight of their week. Jennifer has a way of bringing joy, clarity and awareness back by drawing from the memories they discover, tirelessly, patiently and with heartfelt kindness and then sharing them again and again and again. I also loved their sessions since mom was such a happy camper by the time they finished!” — Kathleen Sweeney “Jenny's therapy touched the lives of each member of our family. They taught my special needs daughter essential developmental skills, helped my father remember some dear memories that were lost, comforted my aging mother and sang at the funerals of all three. Them gift of music brought tears of joy and comfort to all of us.” — Valerie Jones “Jennifer's music therapy reached my mom deep down in their soul. We thought we were giving mom a gift, but it turned out to be a gift to all of us!” — Michelle Buchanan
This Christmas, I asked for something a bit different (or at least in my mind different from the norm). As I am a bit of a travel fan, I asked for something unique from the senders home country (in this case Cape Town, South Africa). What I received could not have been more perfect. The sender must have read on my Reddit that I am a musician, so I received a beautiful thumb piano. It will be a great addition to my desk as something to play between video renders. I also received some Biltong. Quite a risky thing to send as I was under the impression you couldn't post meat abroad but it made its way over to me fine. For those unfamiliar, Biltong is similar to Beef Jerky that you would find in the United States, a little more bitter though. I had never tried biltong before and it tastes great, I will be eating little bits throughout the festive period. So to you Mr/Mrs South African redditor, I would like to say a big thanks, I couldn't have asked for better. Have a Merry Christmas - ay_lamassu
New project management articles published on the web during the week of June 6 – 12. And this week's video: Ed Deci's TED Talk on controlled motivation and autonomous motivation. Ed is the co-developer of the self-determination theory, which suggests that we should create conditions under which people can motivate themselves. Just 14 minutes, safe for work.
Must read!
Johanna Rothman presents the case for and against estimates, in parts 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5. This series should be sufficient justification for you to follow them blogs.
Nick Statt reports on Microsoft's new project management app for Office 365, called Planner. Not a replacement for Project, but a collaboration and planning tool.
Brad Egeland provides one-page summaries for twelve project management, collaboration, and portfolio management software products.
Established Methods
Elizabeth Harrin collected insights from six PM's on how they manage multiple simultaneous projects.
Pat Weaver looks into those cases where the critical path includes task dependencies other than Finish-to-Start links.
Clark Wimberly notes that proper preparation is required for a kick-off meeting which will pay dividends throughout the project.
Henny Portman reviews “PPM! Manage Your Organization Masterfully with Project portfolio Management.”
Cameron Conaway interviews Robin Kwong, Special Projects Editor at the Financial Times, who find clarity by beginning each project with the same question: What's it for?
Kenneth Ashe explains how to create and use an Issues Log.
Rob England proposed two deliberately conflicting principles to guide a DevOps transformation, in order to create a dynamic tension. Which is how the world works, right?
Agile Methods
Dave Prior notes the untimely passing of Agile leading light Jean Tabaka by pulling two interviews from their archives. A total of 42 minutes, safe for work. They will be sorely missed.
Saumya Nigam explains estimation using story points.
Faisal Ansari uses the INVEST model to determine whether backlog items are well written, as the first step in splitting them into smaller stories.
Emanuele Passera continues their introduction to Kanban series with part 2.
Tom McFarlin considers Reid Hoffman's quote, “If you're not embarrassed by the first version of your product, then you've launched too late.”
Tami Flowers describes using Lean/ Agile methods to establish a data governance organization framework.
Bob Tarne explains the concept of “ready ready.” It's where you need to begin in order to get to “done done.” You can say that again …
Applied Leadership
Suresh MK uses events from the life of Nelson Mandela to illustrate John Kotter's eight-stage process of creating major change.
Kathleen O'Connor interviews Bart Engal on their book, “Leading Through Language: choosing Words that Influence and Inspire.”
Lysette Sutherland interviews Dave Hecker on effectively managing geographically distributed software development teams. Just 35 minutes, safe for work.
Elise Stevens interviews Gillian Klette on what to do when your project team hates each other. Just 18 minutes, safe for work.
Pot Pouri
David Manheim looks at complexity, reification, Goodhart's Law, and why measurement is hard. So is spelling reification.
Travis Bradberry explains why you should work for 52 minutes, then take a break for 17 minutes. Got your timer ready?
Abby Wolfe shares an infographic on the high-impact LinkedIn profile updates you should make when job-hunting.
Seth Godin suggests we talk slowly, because “um” doesn't add as much value as silence.
Enjoy!
Share this: Tumblr
Pinterest
Print
Following months of hindered radar observations caused by Hurricane Maria's power outages, the Arecibo Observatory Planetary Radar was recently brought back online just in time to observe asteroid 3200 Phaethon as it neared Earth. On December 16, at its closest, the asteroid was 6.4 million miles (10.3 million kilometers) away, the nearest it will be until 2093. The radar images taken during its fly-by have allowed astronomers to distinguish never-before-seen characteristics of the asteroid.The images, captured at a resolution of 250 feet (75 meters) per pixel, reveal the asteroid is spheroidal in shape and has a larger body than previously thought. Researchers originally believed that the object had a diameter of about 3 miles (4.8 kilometers), but the new snapshots show it has a diameter of roughly 3.6 miles (6 kilometers). The researchers also used Arecibo's radar to spot a depression near 3200 Phaethons equator that stretches a few hundred meters at minimum, as well as a dark, spherical spot close to one of the asteroid's poles."These new observations of Phaethon show it may be similar in shape to asteroid Bennu, the target of NASA's OSIRIS-REx spacecraft, but more than 1,000 Bennus could fit inside of Phaethon," said Patrick Taylor, Universities Space Research Association (USRA) scientist and group leader for Planetary Radar at Arecibo Observatory, in a press release . "The dark feature could be a crater or some other topographic depression that did not reflect the radar beam back to Earth."Because of its large size and close proximity to Earth, Phaethon is categorized as a “potentially hazardous” asteroid, being the second largest object with that designation. NASA's Planetary Defense Coordination Office relies on radar technology to observe, classify, identify specific features, and accurately establish orbital paths for these asteroids."Arecibo is an important global asset, crucial for planetary defense work because of its unique capabilities," said deputy director of Arecibo Observatory and USRA's Joan Schmelz. "We have been working diligently to get it back up and running since Hurricane Maria devastated Puerto Rico."Though Arecibo's structure was only minimally damaged when the hurricane hit, a long-term lack of power and diesel fuel for its generators has drastically hampered its radar operations. The observatory was able to reestablish radio astronomy observations within a few days of the storm, but radar technology wasn't up and running until commercial power was restored in early December.With fully functional radar at the Arecibo Observatory, NASA's will be able to track and monitor asteroids that could pose threats to Earth. More information about the Planetary Defense Coordinator Office can be found here
SACRAMENTO, Calif. – Sacramento Republic FC will play host to FC Cincinnati in one of the USL's marquee preseason matchups at Bonney Field on March 4, marking the first meeting between two clubs that finished in the top three of their respective conferences a season ago.
“Cincinnati is a big club at our level that has a passionate following of fans and supporters similar to Sacramento,” said Republic FC Head Coach and Technical Director Paul Buckle. “It will be great to welcome them to Bonney Field. The match will be a good gauge of where we are at just prior to the regular season and a good test for our players. We are really looking forward to hosting them.”
“This match will be a good test for us,” said FC Cincinnati Head Coach John Harkes. “We will both be entering the season with high expectations and our fans will be treated to a very high-level, competitive game.”
Former Nespresso boss warns coffee pods are killing environment
Updated
Your coffee pods could be contributing to a global environmental disaster, with billions of the sleek aluminium and plastic capsules ending up in landfill in America, Europe and Australia each year.
Key points Coffee pods take between 150 and 500 years to breakdown in landfill
Australians spent $215 million on coffee pods in 2015
Former Nespresso CEO now creating sustainable coffee pods
When George Clooney became the face of Nespresso's coffee pods in 2006, it spelt the beginning of a worldwide love affair with the product that allowed people to brew espresso at home with the touch of a button.
The global market for fresh ground coffee pods went from $7 billion in 2010 to $17 billion in 2015. Last year, Australians spent $215 million on coffee pods.
Former Nespresso chief executive Jean-Paul Gaillard says it is time for consumers to think about the price of convenience.
"It will be a disaster and it's time to move on that. People shouldn't sacrifice the environment for convenience," they said.
Mr Gaillard says they have even written to Clooney informing them of the environmental impact of the pods.
"Mr George Clooney didn't answer. I guess they didn't dare to answer. Or they just didn't care, I do not know," they said.
"What is clear is that someone who is meant to be pro-environment and everything [is] promoting something which is polluting."
Pods take up to 500 years to breakdown
Made from a combination of plastics and aluminium with organic matter inside, the coffee pods are not biodegradable.
It takes 150 to 500 years for aluminium and plastic capsules to breakdown in landfill.
"That's just nonsense. [It] shouldn't take place," Mr Gaillard said.
Coffee companies like Nespresso are now teaming up with recycling company TerraCycle to recycle their pods.
"We're able to set up international platforms where you can send us the capsules, we pay you for shipping, we even give you a donation to your favourite school or charity for every capsule you send in and then we shred them," TerraCycle CEO Tom Szaky said.
"We separate the organics and compost those and then we take the metals, melt those into new metal products and the plastics into new plastic products."
'Winning the war' on coffee pods
Nespresso has not released figures on how many pods are being recycled worldwide, but Mr Gaillard is not convinced recycling is the answer to the pod problem.
"I discovered that recycling doesn't really work. Except if you are very close to a smelting factory which is never the case," they said.
"Aluminium capsules have to be shredded, the coffee has to be taken away with water, the varnish to be burnt and aluminium has to be re-smelted again. You need a lot of transportation and energy."
Mr Gaillard now heads the Ethical Coffee Company which makes fully bio-sourced and biodegradable coffee pods that break down within eight months.
"This capsule doesn't contain one single molecule of petrochemical origin element. It is very difficult, a bit more expensive," they said.
"It was a tough challenge and I'll say we are slowly winning the war at this stage.
"This is the future. The planet is not ours. It will be for our kids."
Mr Szaky believes the onus of environmentally-friendly products lies with both manufacturers and consumers.
"The good news is the power is entirely with consumers to buy the right goods, because what we buy more of, those things will be on the shelf," they said.
"Consumers need to take action in consuming the right goods, and voicing where they don't like what they see, and that's how we're going to wake up in a world where the concept of garbage doesn't exist."
Topics: environment, environmental-impact, recycling-and-waste-management, food-and-cooking, australia
First posted
Mosquito eater
People quite often give animals or insects names that are really not related to what those animals look like or what they really do. Mosquito eater is only one of such wrong names, although also used for several correct designations.
The most popular yet most inaccurate use of the “mosquito eater” name is attributed to naming crane flies. To some people crane flies look like overgrown mosquitoes and so that wrong name is given to them. Crane flies belong to family Tipulidae of the Diptera order. They are sometimes also called mosquito hawks, gallnippers or jimmy spinners. In the UK they are most commonly referred to as Daddy Long-Legs, while the creatures known in the US as Daddy Long-Legs are actually a species of arachnid known as Opiliones. Larvae of crane flies develop in muddy soils, meadows, backyard lawns and consume roots and are occasionally considered a mild turf pests. Adult craneflies feed on nectar or do not feed at all; most crane fly species live only to mate and die once they become adults and mate. So they do not prey on mosquitoes and do not bite people or any other animals.
One genus of the real mosquitoes - Toxorhynchites - is also sometimes colloquially referred to as "mosquito eaters". As their larvae really prey on larvae of other mosquitoes, the name of mosquito eaters is given correctly.
Gambusia, better known as"Mosquito Fish," is also sometimes called „mosquito eater“ as it eagerly feeds on mosquito larvae. A large female of mosquito fish can consume 100-200 mosquito larve per day. In doing so, this species helps control populations of disease-carrying mosquitoes.
Some mosquito traps are named mosquito eaters mostly for advertising purposes. Products that are designed to lure and then trap and kill mosquitoes may be called this as they "eat" mosquitoes, and thus reduce their populations. Several of such products can be named: Gobblin™ Mosquito Eater, Dragonfly Ultimate Mosquito Eater, Texol's Mosquitoeater and Mini-Mosquitoeater.
Voting Viewed: 137729 | Votes: 307 | Rate: Rate it: 1 2 3 4 5 Viewed:| Votes:| Rate:
The European Union of tomorrow will be defined by more integrated foreign policy, the end of the euro, a more complete single market, and more realpolitik.
At the end of all this madness, what is the EU going to look like? This is a question heard a lot these days, in one form or another. Most observers sense that these are extraordinary times for Europe, and that political realities might look very different rather soon. And while it is impossible to predict how the greatest political project in history will transform under existential pressures from both within and outside, all of these pressures point in a certain direction when it comes to Europe's future.
Let's start by saying that there will never be an end to all this madness. Human affairs never reach an end point, some sort of magic equilibrium of all driving forces at which those affairs can be frozen and preserved. In European integration parlance, this means that there is no such thing as finalité politique, that old canard. The EU serves a purpose, and its workings and its setup will be adapted as this purpose changes. Again and again. So instead of looking at some imaginary final outcome that will be outdated the moment it is reached, let's look at the forces that shape the union.
Ultimately, it is the needs of Europeans that build the EU. Yes, political leadership and a good helping of civic boldness on behalf of the European citizenry are necessary as well, neither of which is in ample supply these days. But fundamentally, the EU either serves the needs of the day or it gets into crisis. Such a moment has been reached today. And the current crisis that Europeans are both observing and undergoing is nothing but the readjustment of a project that no longer serves the needs of the day properly, and therefore needs renovation.
What makes this moment different from earlier existential crises is that the direction of integration is more diffuse now than in the past. Some needs point toward more integration, but others perhaps point toward less. I am convinced that in the long term, the net result will be more integration. But it will not be wholesale "ever closer union," the aim enshrined in the EU's treaties. It will be something a little more diffuse.
The biggest overwhelming need is that Europeans will have to react to the harsh winds of political globalization in the future. Political globalization is more than just the economic globalization that has been talked about endlessly in the last decade. It is a quest for political order on a planet that has outgrown its merely regional structure. It will drag the Europeans out of their cozy, U.S.-subsidized corner of comfort, in which liberal order, pluralism, political stability, and the absence of major conflict were somehow taken for granted.
Europeans have a lot to lose in political globalization, because their lifestyles are so hard to maintain and defend. Others want to partake in it because they crave it. Yet others want to destroy it because they hate it. And fundamentally, it relies on a global order that the Europeans are unable to guarantee.
All of this creates a need for a vessel that allows Europeans to compete in political globalization and contribute to global order. In political globalization, even big European countries such as Germany, Britain, and France are mere footnotes. Together, they might have the chance to make a difference. The EU will have to be that vessel, or it will crack.
So my first prediction is that in the medium to long term, there will be more integration of European foreign policy, and even of security and defense. Not before enormous pain, and much national resistance. But if Europeans are not suicidal, and I don't think they are (though I might be wrong here, given Europe's poor track record on collective suicide), then this will come. Hopefully, sooner than later.
My second prediction is that the euro will not be part of a future EU. The common currency is a need that does not exist. I am not saying that the euro was a bad idea. I actually believe it was a very good idea, and I hope Europeans will manage to keep it alive by creating the political union needed to do so.
But strictly speaking, there is no compelling need for the euro. Political and economic globalization can be weathered without one. Contrary to what former German chancellor Helmut Kohl and former French president François Mitterrand thought when they paved the way for monetary union, a currency is not needed to forge deeper integration. Much bigger powers are at work. If they are not sufficient to bring Europeans closer together, the common currency will certainly not do the trick.
Third, I foresee, after heavy pains, a more complete single market, and also a common EU approach to migration - though not to the integration of migrants, which will remain primarily a national matter. There is a huge need for more closely integrated markets in Europe. The high level of economic integration is what has given Europe its strength in economic globalization, and this integration will play a huge part in Europe's survival in the age of political globalization.
Naturally, this will be about more than coal and steel, bananas, or cassis de Dijon - the subjects of key chapters in the EU's development toward a single market. Closer integration will have to include services but also the huge market for training and skills. It will comprise an energy union, just as it will have to comprise a proper "market" for people. This market will include not just the now-endangered EU principle of free movement in the EU. It will also include its flip side, a properly regulated shared "market" for immigrants. What seems impossible today will have to come, no matter how many nationalist sentiments stand against it.
Finally, the EU will be a lot more realpolitik-driven. This is where I predict I will be hammered by almost everyone. Realpolitik here means that the EU will be a union less of values and more of transactional politics. It will be less idealistic and more functional. I am not saying that this will be a good thing. I am not advocating this! I wish it were different, and that Europeans could integrate at the highest possible level of shared morals and values. But this is unlikely to happen.
Europeans will find out that ironically, by toning down their values rhetoric among themselves and by accepting a larger variety of approaches within their integrated club, they will be more effective at preserving the core of their values in the age of political globalization. So I predict a Europe in which values will be handled closer to the lowest common denominator than to the great ideals that Europe wants to stand for. This will be a source of never-ending tension, but it will prove less costly than becoming divided over maximalist morals only to lose out in the harsh world of political globalization.
Taken together, this will be a very different Europe indeed. The peoples of Europe will no longer integrate because they feel love for the idea of an integrated Europe-if ever they did. Integration will come only when the pain is really massive. And it is massive only in some policy fields, not in all.
There is no real hope for EU federalists in this vision, even though they will get some of what they want. Likewise, there is no reason for Euroskeptics to rejoice, as there will be much more integration than they deem desirable. But it might mean a Europe better equipped for our time. Until, of course, it changes all over again. As it must.
(AP photo)
Rangers defender Clint Hill will be released at the end of the season as manager Pedro Caixinha's plans major changes at Ibrox.
Hill, who has made 31 appearances for the Scottish Premiership club this season, was informed by Caixinha of the decision on Tuesday morning and now intends to find a new club to extend their career.
The 38-year-old is best known for a six-year stint at QPR in which they helped the club win promotion to the Premier League and has also played for Tranmere, Oldham, Stoke City, Crystal Palace and Nottingham Forest.
Veteran Rangers defender Clint Hill will be released by the Ibrox club at the end of the season
Though they have been one of Rangers' most consistent performers this season, Caixinha has to let players go in order to rebuild and close the gap on runaway champions Celtic.
The Portuguese coach replaced Mark Warburton in March and Gers legend Mark Hateley said this week: 'It is one of the most important transfer windows in the club's history.'
Joe Garner scored a last-minute winner as Rangers came from behind to beat Partick Thistle 2-1 on Sunday afternoon. Caixinha's side return to Premiership action against Hearts on Saturday.
First of all, I'm so sorry that I'm only posting now, this late. I really didn't have the chance earlier, although my gift arrived something like 20th or 21th of December.
This year I wanted to do something different for Reddit's Secret Santa.
I wanted to give something to my girlfriend from someone on the internet, based on a wishlist, so I made up my profile mirroring my girlfriend's likes and dislikes and whatnot :P
What happened was amazing and unexpected.
I received a letter from my local mail office, to pick up a package. I'm sorry that I don't have photos of stuff inside wrapped up, but I couldn't contain myself, and had to open them up ahah.
So Secret Santa wrote me a letter, and gifted me 3 things.
In this letter, that I prefer not to post, because I want it to remain personal (and also has their signature), they said that they couldn't get what they wanted to give my girlfriend in time, so they had to go with something else.
After the reading the letter, I actually got quite emotional, because my girlfriend was with me and they wrote beautiful things. They read it too.
We were very happy with just the letter.
First gift: A money box. The purpose is to save money to eventually buy the piano. Thank you for this, because now it has REALLY become a thing. I hope to buy one in the summer :).
Second gift: Ok so this guy must read minds or something like that, because I don't think they could know by my profile, that I really really wanted this. It's the 2 DVD Set Breaking The Fourth Wall, by Dream Theater.
Dream Theater is my favorite band and I have almost all their CDs and DVDs, except this one. Well, until now anyway. Thank you so much for this. I turned into that kid in youtube opening the Nintendo 64. You are awesome :D
Third gift: A MtG Booster. They knew that I really like MtG, so they gave me a booster of the latest expansion. But it's not a regular booster. At first inspection, I found it a bit odd, that the bottom part had been unglued carefully, meaning that the booster had been tampered with. I though "Well maybe they wanted to know if a really valuable card was in there or something" and just laughed it off. But then I remembered what they wrote me in the letter:
"Here goes a Zendikar booster that I hope you'll like and that in the Christmas spirit, the ultra mythic rare card that's in there, will make that will grow".
This booster had an extra card. Made by my Secret Santa.
It's perfect, and more valuable than any other card to me. You even put in a Dream Theater reference on the card. You are AMAZING. I've sleeved it in my best card sleeve.
I plan to keep doing this Reddit Secret Santa thing. It's the second time that I open my gifts from a complete stranger, and get so happy. Memories that you carry with you, through your life.
Thank you, Secret Santa, for the dedication and effort, for resonating with me. I just hope that whatever you got for Christmas was equally good.
I really wish you the best.
PS: If you were guessing, I also took a picture of the actual rare card of the booster :P
With the hype and excitement surrounding the impending release of The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt, it's almost impossible to believe that following the success of The Witcher 2, it wasn't a third installment in the series next teased by developer CD Projekt Red. With the studio's knack for medieval fantasy beyond question, it seemed science fiction would be their next challenge with the mysterious Cyberpunk 2077.
And from the first showing, fans of the genre had their curiosity piqued – thanks in large part to an unforgettable slow-motion teaser trailer hinting at several of the themes and plot elements of the futuristic RPG. Since the trailer's release (and the flurry of details and aspirations that soon followed), however, updates have been hard to come by. According to the developer, that's something fans will have to get used to for the time being.
If the team's resources were already being taxed in delivering on the high expectations for The Witcher 3 (and the creation of a brand new game engine on top of it), the decision to delay that game's release has made the studio's top priority perfectly clear. Speaking with Gamespot, CD Projekt's head of marketing and public relations, Michal Platkow-Gilewski explained that the game is still in the works; it's just not the game demanding their attention at the moment:
The first rule of Cyberpunk 2077 is that we don't talk about Cyberpunk 2077… On a more serious note, in short, communication-wise, we are now focusing entirely on The Witcher: Wild Hunt. Everyone is working crazy hard to give gamers around the world an RPG to remember. Worry not, Cyberpunk 2077 is OK, its time will come.
And for those who have been eagerly awaiting more information about the game's reported multiplayer components, or how it hopes to put the ‘punk back in cyberpunk,' that time can't come soon enough.
Are you happy to hear that the Polish studio is putting all of its efforts into making The Witcher 3 the best experience it can be, before moving full steam into Cyberpunk? Or does the team's pedigree being combined with such an intriguing setting and story seem like a more exciting prospect for you personally? Be sure to share your own thoughts, hopes or concerns in the comments.
We'll keep you up to date on any and all details related to Cyberpunk 2077 as it's revealed – before or after CD Projekt chooses to do so. For the time being, it seems only one sprawling RPG from the studio can be allowed to hold the spotlight at a time.
Follow me on Twitter @andrew_dyce.
Source: Gamespot
This post is part 1 of a 3-part series about tuning Elasticsearch Indexing. This series focuses specifically on tuning Elasticsearch to achieve maximum indexing throughput and reduce monitoring and management load.
As a starting point, assume that you start Elasticsearch, create an index, and feed it with JSON documents without incorporating schemas. Elasticsearch will then iterate over each indexed field of the JSON document, estimate its field, and create a respective mapping. While this may seem ideal, Elasticsearch mappings are not always accurate. If, for example, the wrong field type is chosen, indexing errors will occur.
For this post, we will be using hosted Elasticsearch on Qbox.io. You can sign up or launch your cluster here, or click "Get Started" in the header navigation. If you need help setting up, refer to "Provisioning a Qbox Elasticsearch Cluster."
No data store with secondary indexes is truly schema-less, and Elasticsearch is no different. While it doesn't require you to define your data structure up front, it does derive a schema from your documents structure and makes decisions on how to index them based on that. In that respect, Elasticsearch indexes your data using an implicit schema, rather than an explicit schema.
Thus, indexing decisions are quite important, and they have big impact on how you can search your data. If it's a string field, should it be tokenized and normalized? If so, how? If a numeric field, what precision is required? There are many more field types like date-time fields, geospatial shapes, and parent/child relationships that require special care.
Do not analyze, store, or even send data to Elasticsearch that you do not need for answering search requests. In particular, double-check the content of mappings that you do not define yourself (e.g., because a tool like Logstash generates them for you). Do we plan to index large amounts of data in Elasticsearch? Or we are already trying to do so, but it turns out that throughput is too low? If your search requirements allow it, there are many techniques for optimization in the mapping definition of our index. This tutorial will list a collection of tips and ideas to increase indexing throughput with Elasticsearch.
Customizing Field Mappings
For analyzed fields, use the simplest analyzer that satisfies the requirements for the field. Or maybe you can even go with not_analyzed?
Fields of type string are, by default, considered to contain full text. That is, their value will be passed through an analyzer before it is indexed, and a full-text query on the field will pass the query string through an analyzer before searching.
The two most important mapping attributes for string fields are index and analyzer.
index: The index attribute controls how the string will be indexed. It can contain one of three values.
The index attribute controls how the string will be indexed. It can contain one of three values. analyzed: First analyze the string, and then index it. In other words, index this field as full text.
First analyze the string, and then index it. In other words, index this field as full text. not_analyzed: Index this field so it is searchable, but index the value exactly as specified. Do not analyze it.
Index this field so it is searchable, but index the value exactly as specified. Do not analyze it. no: Don't index this field at all. This field will not be searchable.
The default value of index for a string field is analyzed. If we want to map the field as an exact value, we need to set it to not_analyzed:
{ "tag": { "type": "string", "index": "not_analyzed" } }
The other simple types (such as long, double, date, etc.) also accept the index parameter, but the only relevant values are no and not_analyzed because their values are never analyzed.
analyzer: For analyzed string fields, use the analyzer attribute to specify which analyzer to apply both at search time and at index time. By default, Elasticsearch uses the standard analyzer, but you can change this by specifying one of the built-in analyzers, such as whitespace, simple, or english.
{ "tweet": { "type": "string", "analyzer": "english" } }
Disabling the _source Field
The _source field contains the original JSON document body that was passed at index time. The _source field itself is not indexed (and thus is not searchable), but it is stored so that it can be returned when executing fetch requests such as get or search. Although it is very handy to have around, the source field does incur storage overhead within the index. For this reason, it can be disabled as follows:
curl -XPUT ‘http://localhost:9200/index_name/' -d '{ "mappings": { "tweet": { "_source": { "enabled": false } } } }'
Users often disable the _source field without thinking about the consequences and then later regret it. If the _source field is not available, then a number of features are not supported:
The update, update_by_query, and reindex APIs.
On the fly highlighting.
The ability to reindex from one Elasticsearch index to another, either to change mappings or analysis, or to upgrade an index to a new major version.
The ability to debug queries or aggregations by viewing the original document used at index time.
The ability to repair index corruption automatically..
Including and Excluding Fields from _source
If you are using the _source field, there is no additional value in setting any other field to _stored. If you are not using the _source field, set to _stored only the fields that you must. Note, however, that using _source brings certain advantages such as the ability to use the update API.
Case Study: How Qbox Saved 5 Figures per Month using Supergiant
An expert-only feature is the ability to prune the contents of the _source field after the document has been indexed, but before the _source field is stored. Removing fields from the _source has similar downsides to disabling _source , especially the fact that you cannot reindex documents from one Elasticsearch index to another.
The includes/excludes parameters, which also accept wildcards, can be used as follows:
curl -XPUT ‘http://localhost:9200/logs' -d ‘{ "mappings": { "event": { "_source": { "includes": [ "*.count", "meta.*" ], "excludes": [ "meta.description", "meta.attributes.*" ] } } } }'
These fields (1,2,3,4) will be removed from the stored _source field.
curl -XPUT ‘http://localhost:9200/logs/event/1' -d ‘{ "requests": { "count": 10, "foo": "bar" //1 }, "meta": { "name": "Some metric", "description": "Some metric description", //2 "attributes": { "foo": "one", //3 "baz": "two" //4 } } }'
We can still search on meta.attributes.foo field, even though it is not in the stored _source .
curl -XGET ‘http://localhost:9200/logs/event/_search' -d '{ "query": { "match": { "meta.attributes.foo": "one" //searchable field } } }'
Disabling the _all Field
The _all field is a special catch-all field that concatenates the values of all of the other fields into one big string, using space as a delimiter, which is then analyzed and indexed but not stored. This means that it can be searched, but it cannot be retrieved.
The _all field allows you to search for values in documents without knowing which field contains the value. This makes it a useful option when getting started with a new dataset. For instance:
curl -XPUT ‘http://localhost:9200/my_index/user/1' -d '{ "first_name": "Will", "last_name": "Smith", "date_of_birth": "1975-10-25" }' curl -XGET ‘http://localhost:9200/my_index/_search' -d '{ "query": { "match": { "_all": "will smith 1975" } } }'
The _all field can be completely disabled per-type by setting enabled to false :
curl -XPUT ‘http://localhost:9200/my_index' -d ‘{ "mappings": { "type_1": { "properties": {...} }, "type_2": { "_all": { "enabled": false }, "properties": {...} } } }'
If the _all field is disabled, then URI search requests and the query_string and simple_query_string queries will not be able to use it for queries. We can configure them to use a different field with the index.query.default_field setting:
curl -XPUT ‘http://localhost:9200/my_index' -d ‘{ "mappings": { "my_type": { "_all": { "enabled": false }, "properties": { "content": { "type": "text" } } } }, "settings": { "index.query.default_field": "content" } }'
Disable Norms for Analyzed Fields
Norms store various normalization factors (numbers to represent the relative field length and the index time boost setting) that are later used at query time in order to compute the score of a document relatively to a query.
Tutorial: How to Run a Supergiant Server on DigitalOcean
Although useful for scoring, norms also require quite a lot of memory (typically in the order of one byte per document per field in your index, even for documents that do not have this specific field). As a consequence, if you do not need scoring on a specific field, you should disable norms on that field. In particular, this is the case for fields that are used solely for filtering or aggregations.
Norms can be disabled (but not re-enabled) after the fact, using the PUT mapping API like so:
curl -XPUT ‘http://localhost:9200/my_index/_mapping/my_type' -d ‘{ "properties": { "title": { "type": "string", "norms": { "enabled": false } } } }'
Norms will not be removed instantly, but they will be removed as old segments are merged into new segments as you continue indexing new documents. Any score computation on a field that has had norms removed might return inconsistent results because some documents will no longer have norms, while other documents might still have norms.
Beware of Default index_options
Do you need to store term frequencies and positions, as is done by default, or can you do with less, maybe only doc numbers? Set index_options to what you really need, as outlined in the string core type description.
The index_options parameter controls what information is added to the inverted index, for search and highlighting purposes. It accepts the following settings:
docs: Only the doc number is indexed. Can answer the question Does this term exist in this field?
Only the doc number is indexed. Can answer the question Does this term exist in this field? freqs: Doc number and term frequencies are indexed. Term frequencies are used to score repeated terms higher than single terms.
Doc number and term frequencies are indexed. Term frequencies are used to score repeated terms higher than single terms. positions: Doc number, term frequencies, and term positions (or order) are indexed. Positions can be used for proximity or phrase queries.
Doc number, term frequencies, and term positions (or order) are indexed. Positions can be used for proximity or phrase queries. offsets: Doc number, term frequencies, positions, and start and end character offsets (which map the term back to the original string) are indexed. Offsets are used by the postings highlighter.
Analyzed string fields use positions as the default, and all other fields use docs as the default.
curl -XPUT ‘http://localhost:9200/my_index' -d ‘{ "mappings": { "my_type": { "properties": { "text": { "type": "text", "index_options": "offsets" } } } } }' curl -XPUT ‘http://localhost:9200/my_index/my_type/1' -d ‘{ "text": "Quick brown fox" }'
The text field will use the postings highlighter by default because offsets are indexed.
curl -XGET ‘http://localhost:9200/my_index/_search' -d ‘{ "query": { "match": { "text": "brown fox" } }, "highlight": { "fields": { "text": {} } } }'
Use auto-ID Functionality
If you don't have a natural ID for each document, use Elasticsearch auto-ID functionality. It is optimized to avoid version lookups because the auto-generated ID is unique.
If you are using your own ID, try to pick an ID that is friendly to Lucene. Examples include zero-padded sequential IDs, UUID-1, and nanotime; these IDs have consistent, sequential patterns that compress well. In contrast, IDs such as UUID-4 are essentially random and offer poor compression and slow down Lucene.
Continue on to Part 2 of "How to Maximize Elasticsearch Indexing Performance.''
Give It a Whirl!
It's easy to spin up a standard hosted Elasticsearch cluster on any of our 47 Rackspace, Softlayer, Amazon, or Microsoft Azure data centers. And you can now provision a replicated cluster.
Questions? Drop us a note, and we'll get you a prompt response.
Not yet enjoying the benefits of a hosted ELK-stack enterprise search on Qbox? We invite you to create an account today and discover how easy it is to manage and scale your Elasticsearch environment in our cloud hosting service.
The News Minute| January 19, 2015| 10.50 pm IST | Updated January 20 | 09:40 am The Central Government on Monday appointed a new chairperson for the Central Board of Film Certification (CBFC). While producer Pahlaj Nihalani was appointed as the censor board chief, nine other members were appointed with immediate effect following the change of guard at the CFBC led by Leela Samson. Pahlaj Nihalani is a producer of movies like Shola Aur Shabnam, Andaz, Aankhen and Talaash: The Hunt Begins. Brother-in-law of Shatrughan Sinha, Pahlaj Nihalani also composed and directed the song ‘Har Ghar Modi' in the run up to the May 2014 elections. Mihir Bhuta is a well known Gujarati writer. A February 2014 Times Of India article decsribes Mihir Bhuta as someone ‘contributing remarkably in Gujarati and Hindi theatre, Hindi television industry and Hindi film industry. Bhuta has been a noted writer with translating many of William Shakespeare's famous plays.  They are the pen force behind Mahabharat tv serial on Star Plus.' Mihir Bhuta, FirstPost reported was helping NRI filmmaker Mitesh Patel in making a movie about Narendra Modi's journey from a common man to the chief minister of Gujarat. Chandra Prakash Dwivedi: A film director and scriptwriter who played the titled role of Chanakya is the television serial by the same name. They have also directed a television serial based on the Upanishad's and written the dialouges for the Doordhasan series on Chatrapathi Shivaji. Jeevitha : A Telugu actor and currently the BJP spokesperson of Telangana. In November 2014, Jeevitha Rajashekar was sentenced to two years imprisonment in a cheque bounce case by a local court. After getting bail, the actor said the case against them was false. This was in fact the third such caseagainst their husband Rajashekar and them During the May 2014 elections Jeevitha and their husband had unveiled a song for Narendra Modi. S.Ve Shekher : Is a famous Tamil playwright and actor. Though they were an AIADMK MLA in 2006, they officially joined the BJP in 2013. Vani Tripathi Tikoo : They have acted in movies like Chalte Chalte and Dushman and is a theatre artist.  They are also the national secretary of the BJP. George Baker: Popular actor who has acted in many Assamese and Bengali movies. They joined the Bharatiya Janata Party in 2014. They contested from the Howrah constituency, but lost. Ashoke Pandit : Is a film-maker and social activist. Their documentary ‘And the World Remained Silent' portraying the exodus of Kashmiri Pandits was well received. Ramesh Patange : A Dalit leader and editor of Marati Weekly ‘Vivek', Patange is an RSS ideologue.  They are a founder member of the Samajik Samarasata Munch which is a social equality forum of the RSS. Dr. Syed Abdul Bari: The Vice-Chancellor of the Central University of Gujarat, they were appointed to the position on 25th August, 2014. Tweet Read- As an Indian Muslim, I wish Hindus knew
President Obama threw out the first pitch at the Star game this week, and while it wasn't a rocket, it definitely could have been worse. Below are seven ways in which they could have seriously embarrassed both themselves and the nation. Vote below for the worst!
June 2003 -- Carl Lewis, a man who is arguably the best athlete in the world, throws out a pitch that barely makes it past the pitcher's mound:
April 2007 -- Cincinatti Mayor Mark Mallory beams a ball so far from the plate that they became a pseudo-celebrity, appearing on Kimmel to talk about how terrible it was.
May 2008 -- Mariah Carey shows their distaste for Japanese baseball by disgracing everyone involved:
May 2009 -- Trent Edwards, the quarterback of the Bills, decided to throw out the first pitch of the game after working out with the Blue Jays. It did not go well:
May, 2009 -- Gary Dell'Abate (aka Baba Booey from the Howard Stern show) threw the ball to the wrong guy on the field:
May 2009 -- Adam Carolla throws TWO terrible pitches, the second of which almost took out a camera:
July 2009 -- Mark Wahlberg hit a fan in the butt with their first pitch at Boston Red Sox game recently (video of them starts 5 minutes in to this clip):
These delectable vegan mini quiches made from crispy phyllo shells stuffed with a savory mixture of seasoned tofu and spinach.
I've wanted to post a quiche recipe for a while now. Eggless egg-based dishes are a new source of excitement in my life! Seriously though, as I've told you guys before, if there is one animal-based ingredient that I have no problem doing without, it would be eggs. The taste and texture just never worked for me.
MY LATEST VIDEOS!
So I was very excited, as I'm sure you can imagine, to discover how much I actually love vegan versions of eggy recipes. Whatever it is about eggs that I don't like, tofu doesn't seem to have it. If you've been following for a while, you've probably seen my takes on tofu scramble, a vegan omelet, and most recently, huevos rancheros.
This post actually documents my second attempt at quiche. I tried something over the summer. Got up early, made a pie crust from scratch. Sauteed some veggies, blended tofu. It was a load of work. Two hours later I was sad to discover that I didn't like it. I tried. My boyfriend thought it was great. (Interestingly enough, they love eggs.) I took photos, thinking I needed to revisit the quiche at a later time when I hadn't spent two hours slaving over it. Still didn't like it. The center wasn't quite firm enough, it reminded me too much of eggs…I don't know. I couldn't post it. No matter how much encouragement I get from others, I just can't post a recipe for a dish that I don't totally enjoy eating.
Well, it turns out my boyfriend must have really dug that quiche, because when they started seeking out some healthy breakfast food to take to work with him, the subject of quiche came up again. This is the type of problem I love to help out with, so of course I got really excited when I saw mini phyllo shells on display at the supermarket, thinking they would be perfect for portable breakfasts, and less work than making my own quiche crust. When I busted the box opened, I found that mini phyllo shells were a bit more mini than expected. They were maybe an inch or two in diameter. My vegan mini quiches would have to be pretty darn small. Here I thought he'd be able to eat one or two for breakfast. That would clearly not work. I made them anyway, and we did eat them for breakfast. In fact, we ate the whole batch for breakfast, which is actually good news, because you know what that means? You guessed…I actually liked these! The texture was better. They cooked up nice looked prettier. These were some tasty little suckers. Perhaps not ideal for breakfast due to their size, but perfect for appetizers or snacking on at parties, and oh, look at that: we're but one day away from the biggest party day of the year. Enjoy!
Snap Inc's IPO pushes Evan Spiegel and Bobby Murphy's company ahead of Twitter and potentially creates a serious rival for Facebook
Snap Inc, the company behind disappearing messaging app Snapchat, has gone public with stocks soaring 44% on their first day of trading and valuing the company at $28bn.
The market debut of the loss-making tech enterprise on Thursday catapulted its twentysomething co-founders Evan Spiegel and Bobby Murphy into the top tier of the tech billionaires.
Shortly after the pair rang the opening bell on the New York Stock Exchange, the company's share price rose 41% from its guide price of $17 a share to an opening price of $24.
The stock closed at $24.48, giving the company a market value of $28.3bn, on a par with CBS and Target. At one point it reached $26.05 and a market value of $29.1bn.
Snapchat IPO: Evan Spiegel tries to sell investors on their top product – themselves Read more
The move gave a measure of comfort to investors who are expecting Snapchat's sale to push a new generation of successful tech firms, including Uber and Airbnb, to list publicly.
Snap's initial public offering (IPO) potentially creates a serious rival for Facebook, which has come to dominate social media and online advertising and has shown clear signs that it regards Snapchat as a potential threat.
According to Snapchat, 158 million people use the service each day and create 2.5bn “snaps” between them. User numbers are far below Facebook's 1bn-plus but the average user is younger and spends about 30 minutes a day on the service.
Growth has slowed recently (to “just” 48% year-on-year) and while revenues have grown, from $58.7m in 2015 to $404.5m in 2016, losses also mounted to $514m in 2016 from almost $373m a year earlier.
Is Snapchat the new Facebook? Read more
The numbers have rattled Facebook. In 2013 Speigel, 26, and Murphy, 28, turned down a $3bn offer for the company from Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg. At the time the company had six employees. Now each of them holds a paper fortune worth in excess of Zuckerberg's offer.
The sale of Snap, which Spiegel describes as a “camera company”, is the largest since Chinese e-commerce company Alibaba's initial public offering in 2014.
The launch vaults Los Angeles-based Snap ahead of Twitter, currently valued at $11bn, a tech company that was similarly hyped ahead of its IPO but that has proved a disappointment to investors.
But the sale still leaves Snap far short of Facebook, now valued at $393bn, and which has been rapidly copying many of Snapchat's features as it fends off its newer rival.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Evan Spiegel and model Miranda Kerr attend the 2016 pre-Grammy gala on 14 February 2016 in Beverly Hills, California. Photograph: Michael Kovac/WireImage
Snap's revenues last year were just a fraction of Facebook's $27.6bn. Nor, unlike its far larger rival, is it profitable. But Sir Martin Sorrell, chief executive of WPP, the world's largest advertising company, called Snapchat “very important” and said: “I think it's a defining moment in that it could well be the third force” against Google and Facebook.
“The stock market conditions are good, there's cash available on the sidelines so the market will welcome an offering like this,” said Josef Schuster, founder of IPOX Schuster, the index provider. “Investors are optimistic about the company's revenue growth, so while there's some uncertainty, they still want this stock in their portfolio.”
But others expressed wariness.
“While the company's optimism for its potential growth makes sense given the trajectory of previous social media darlings, there's reason for caution,” said Jessica Liu at Forrester Research.
“First, Facebook's success is an anomaly. Second, while Snapchat has a grasp on mobile video, it's TV-like revenue pursuit is new and untested. Snapchat has much room for improvement in the areas of user growth and delivering data and measurement to advertisers in order to live up to its high expectations.”
A drought in tech IPOs helped investors overcome concerns that Snapchat has limited options to achieve profitability. Underwriters also faced skepticism over the pricing and structure of the offering. Snap was given a valuation at least twice as expensive as Facebook, and four times as much as Twitter, while its founders and early investors have kept total control of voting rights.
The launch makes a multi-billionaire of Spiegel, Snapchat's elusive founder, who is known to avoid company-wide meetings and manages the company's nearly 2,000 employees without a formal headquarters or centralized management structure. In its filing, the company cited its lack of traditional structure as a risk factor to its morale.
Facebook clones Snapchat again with WhatsApp Status and Direct Photos Read more
The app, which was designed for mobile devices, is not about typing but about sharing pictures and videos and applying often surreal filters to images. More recently the company has expanded into hardware, launching video capturing spectacles.
Spiegel, Snap's power center, is a Stanford dropout who is described as more of a product designer than tech nerd. They date the Australian Victoria's Secret model Miranda Kerr, dresses casually and lives primarily in Los Angeles, not Silicon Valley.
Snapchat started life as Picaboo, a “sexting” app that allowed people to send photos that would disappear after a set time limit and developed by Murphy, Spiegel and now estranged partner Reggie Brown.
By 2011, Snapchat had morphed into a sort of anti-Facebook. Instead of a world of “likes” and a history of posts, Snapchat sought to develop a platform for spontaneous communication that would instantly evaporate.
Brown fell out with Spiegel and Murphy after overhearing them talking about ousting them from the company. They sued and settled for a reported $157m.
In a video created for the public offering Spiegel, who may now be forced to become a more public figure, said the ephemerality is “why people love creating Snaps. Because there isn't pressure to feel pretty or perfect. Self-expression isn't a contest, it's not about how well you can express yourself, it's about being able to communicate how you feel, and doing that in the moment.”
'I'm like everybody, I want more action,' the comedian said Wednesday. Chris Rock #@$%@! likes Obama
Some celebrities may have soured a bit on President Barack Obama, but not Chris Rock. The comedian and actor told fellow comedian Marc Maron on the “WTF with Marc Maron” podcast that he's “fine with the president,” if only because they understand that the president has to keep their most aggressive policies on the back burner until they earn a second term.
“There's a f——— art to the first term because you're always running for a second term the whole time. It's like Clinton's first term. You can't really do your gangsta sh— until your second term. … Even Bush couldn't really f—- up the world until their second term. That's when they put the hammer down.”
Story Continued Below
But Rock understands a lot of the disappointment that Obama's supporters have had thus far in their presidency.
“I'm like everybody, I want more action. But I understand that he's trying not to piss off a lot of people. But I believe wholeheartedly if he's back in, he's going to do some gangsta sh—.”
Rock's comments come on the heels of recent remarks by Ben Stiller, who said, “I'm disappointed that we haven't seen more bold decisions from them and a willingness, I think, to maybe stick to more of what they had, in their campaign, had said in terms of what they were willing to do.”
Rock sees a big difference between Obama and their predecessor, George W. Bush, in both policy and style.
“The last George Bush we had been the first cable TV president we had. And what I mean by that … they were the first president that was only president to the people that voted for him. They did not give a f—- about the people that didn't vote for him. Obama is actually trying to be president to the whole country and there's a lot of compromise being president to the whole country. … In a weird way our complaints about Obama are because we miss Bush. We miss hating somebody. We miss the guy who didn't give a f—-. … Bush didn't give a f—- about us. They just really, really didn't. We want revenge; we don't want justice. That's the problem with the Democrats. We want revenge.”
This article tagged under: Celebrities
Comedians
A three-year-old manatee has drowned after getting stuck in a service shaft in its pool just a month after joining a zoo in Paris.
Barry the manatee, who weighed 300kg (660lbs), died last Tuesday but the zoo at Vincennes only acknowledged the mammal's death on Monday and said an investigation was under way. Barry and their 600kg companion Tinus were a star attraction at the zoo, which had been closed for five years for a major renovation.
The 80-year-old zoo reopened in April under its new name, the Paris Zoological Park, having previously been known as the Vincennes zoo.
Barry was born in captivity at the Danish zoo at Odense and had been in Vincennes since 4 July.
A spokesperson told the Guardian that the mammal "forced its way into the shaft where it got stuck".
Authorities are trying to find out exactly what happened and whether the manatees' enclosure needs to be modified. On the day of the accident, the tropical pool was closed to the public while the shaft was shut and keepers made sure that Tinus was not at risk. The pool was specially built to contain up to three manatees.
The manatee pool in Vincennes zoo. Photograph: Martin Bureau/AFP/Getty Images
The gentle, lumbering manatees are an endangered species, with only a few thousand left in the world. The herbivorous mammals remain submerged in shallow water or just under the surface and need to come up every five minutes to breathe.
The zoo's scientific director, Alexis Lécu, said the manatee pool design had been approved by a body that supervises the breeding programmes and exchanges of European zoos, and had been inspected on site in February before the zoo reopened.
A healthy adult manatee, which can measure about three metres (10ft) and weigh up to 600kg, can live to the age of 60. They spend most of their time eating or sleeping. Young manatees, also known as sea cows, can fall victim to shark or crocodile attacks in the wild, but the greatest threat to them is collisions with motorboats.
April 18 marks the 18th anniversary of the Colts drafting No. 18, Peyton Manning.
In 14 years with Indianapolis, Manning became known as much for their pre-snap commands as for their touchdown strikes. This 2007 NFL Films video breaks down how Manning became such a master of the audible.
• Revisit a time when Peyton Manning wasn't so mature
Manning's directions at the line of scrimmage were a big reason the Colts made 11 playoff appearances and won 12 or more games in seven straight years.
This segment was included as a DVD extra on the commemorative video released after the Colts won Super Bowl XLI, their first championship since 1970. It's funny to hear Manning's precursors to the "Omaha" call that they made famous last year ("Short ox! Short ox! Richmond, Florida, Buffalo!"), but it's also fascinating to hear them and their linemen explain the process. It is not, as ESPN's Kenny Mayne once posited, a rare form of Gaelic.
• ​Goofy photos of Peyton Manning
- Dan Gartland
From Internet Movie Firearms Database - Guns in Movies, TV and Video Games
The Office (2005-2013) (2005-2013)
The following weapons were used in the television series The Office:
Colt Anaconda
Dwight uses a Colt Anaconda to start a race in Season 4's "Fun Run" (S04E01).
Colt Anaconda with 6" Barrel - .44 Magnum
Dwight uses a Colt Anaconda to start a race in "Fun Run" (S04E01).
Beretta 92G Elite 1A
In Season 7's "Threat Level Midnight" (S7E16), Michael Scott (Steve Carrell) screens their long-awaited spy film Threat Level Midnight, which stars themselves as well as several of their co-workers and features numerous firearms. In their role as Michael Scarn, Michael Scott (Steve Carrell) is seen firing dual Beretta 92G Elite 1A handguns when they are confronted by an assassin disguised as a delivery worker. They apparently are able to find blank-firing models because the guns are clearly seen cycling blanks.
Jericho 941 R
In Season 7's "Threat Level Midnight" (S7E16), Jim Halpert (John Krasinski) in their role as Goldenface is seen holding what appears to be a gold-painted Jericho 941 R pistol during a hostage standoff.
Jericho 941 R - 9x19mm
New England Firearms Model B22
In Season 7's "Threat Level Midnight" (S7E16) Ryan (B.J. Novak) New England Firearms Model B22 starter pistol during a speed skating meet.
NEF Model B22 - .22 Short blanks
Ryan starting the skating race.
SIG-Sauer P226
In Season 7's "Threat Level Midnight" (S7E16), Goldenface is also seen holding what appears to be gold-painted replica of a SIG-Sauer P226 while exchanging gunfire with Michael Scarn during a speed skating meet.
SIG-Sauer P226 (nickel) - 9x19mm
Goldenface is also seen holding what appears to be gold-painted replica of a SIG-Sauer P226
Heckler & Koch MP5K-PDW
In Season 7's "Threat Level Midnight" (S7E16), Darryl Philbin (Craig Robinson) in their role as the President of the United States as well as Goldenface are seen holding replica versions of the Heckler & Koch MP5K-PDW.
Smith & Wesson Model 19
In Season 7's "Threat Level Midnight" (S7E16), the Assassin disguised as a delivery worker (Greg Collins) is seen pulling a Smith & Wesson Model 19 on Michael Scarn at the beginning of the movie.
Smith & Wesson Model 19 Combat Magnum - .357 magnums
Remington Model 1875
In Season 7's "Dwight K. Schrute, (Acting) Manager", Dwight (Rainn Wilson) is seen displaying what appears to be a Remington 1875 revolver, but identifies it as a Beaumont-Adams Revolver. They then are seen carrying it in a holster and negligently discharging it in the office, bursting the eardrum of a co-worker. The Beaumont-Adams revolver was a British service revolver from the late 19th century and looks very different from the Remington.
Remington 1875 - .45 Long Colt.
In Season 7's "Dwight K. Schrute, (Acting) Manager", Dwight ( Rainn Wilson ) is seen displaying what appears to be a Remington 1875 revolver, but identifies it as a Beaumont-Adams revolver.
Closeup of the revolver.
Quite a few years ago now I reviewed the Beyerdynamic DT 1350 ($289) quite positively. This headphone is sold into Beyer's pro audio distribution channel, primarily to DJs. Subsequently, Beyer produced a T 50 p to sell into their consumer channel that looked quite similar, but didn't have the split headband. It didn't sound nearly as good, either...I was bummed. Then, a couple of years ago, Beyer updated the model to produce the T 51 i, which I heard at a show and thought sounded quite a bit better than the T 50 p. Afterof hounding them at every show they finally sent one my way. (Still hounding for the T1 V2!)
Build Quality, Styling, and Comfort
The Beyerdynamic T 51 i and T51 p are on-ear, sealed headphone intended for personal mobile use. The only difference between the two headphones it the i has a cord mounted iOS compatible remote, and the p is without any remote. Construction is largely metal with some apparently good quality synthetic materials used appropriately. Styling is, of course, a personal subjective thing, but I found the T 51 i with its "modern steampunk" utilitarian chic look (if there is such a thing) quite appealing.
The headband is a single piece of arched metal with the center cut out causing it to be visually similar to the split-band DT 1350. Two thin protein leather pads cover the central spans for most of its length. Headband adjustment arms are detented with a series of short slots, and slide through plastic clamping mechanisms on the headband ends. Adjustment is easy to effect and remain securely in position when set.
Ear capsule yoke is attached to the adjustment arm with what looks like a specialized rivet around which it swivels. Ear capsules swivel up and down around the yoke attachement points front and back on the capsule. These seem to me very simple and reliable methods. The headphone very quickly and naturally adjust to the the head reliably.
The 50" cable is thin and flexible, and is terminated at the player end with a 90-degree angle 3.5mm TRRS plug. The Y-split 14" from the headphone is a nicely implemented molded part with a metal decorative insert on either side; cables are permanently attached to the ear capsules. The T 50 i has an Apple iOS device compatible plug and remote/mic on the cable leading to the right earpiece; and the product includes a 3.5mm adapter for compatibility with non-iOS compatible 3.5mm jacks. The T 50 p does not include a remote on the cable.
Also included is a firm sided clamshell case with Velcro closure, 3.5mm to 1/4" adaptor, and an airline adaptor.
On-ear headphones can feel less than comfortable and quite confining at times. I found the T 51 i with its light weight and modest caliper pressure surprisingly comfortable. Fitting it to my head was fairly easy, but some fidgeting with the exact position did net some improvements for treble response.
All told, I really like this vibe of this headphone. I'm a geek that likes gadgets, and I tend to beat the hell out of things. The T 51 i wears its functionality proud, and feels built like a tank. All it has to do is sound really good and I'm all in.
CLOSE Eric W. Kelley speaks outside Passaic County Jail after being behind bars for 24 years. Keldy Ortiz/NorthJersey.com
Eric W. Kelley and Ralph Lee outside Passaic County Jail (Photo: Keldy Ortiz/ NorthJersey.com)
PATERSON — Two local men who spent 24 years behind bars for murder but had their convictions overturned in September, walked out of the Passaic County Jail on Wednesday in sub 50-degree weather after a state Supreme Court judge denied a request to detain them pending a new trial.
Just before 4 p.m., Eric Kelley, 53, and Ralph W. Lee, 55, both from Paterson, walked out in street clothes, no longer having to wear the traditional jail-issued attire. There, they were greeted by family members.
“Everything is going to be all right. We made it,” said Kelley, wearing a long sleeve shirt, jeans and boots. “This DNA technology is wild. It's excellent.”
Their convictions were overturned based on new DNA evidence following the July 28, 1993 killing and robbery of Tito Merino, who was minding the family's video rental shop on Union Avenue in Paterson. The DNA came from a green plaid baseball cap near the body of Merino when they died.
Test results done at the time of the murder were inconclusive. Lee and Kelley later recanted their confessions, saying they were coerced by police. In 2014, another DNA test was done and defense lawyers said the results were linked to a former Paterson resident, Eric Dixon, who now resides in Virginia. Dixon has not been charged in the case.
CONVICTIONS OVERTURNED: Murder convictions overturned in 1993 slaying
NEWSLETTERS Get the Breaking News newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Get breaking news from all around North Jersey delivered to your inbox as soon as it happens. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-888-282-3422. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Breaking News Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
BAIL REDUCED: Men convicted in video store killing could go free with lower bail
DENIED: Bail reduction denied for 2 Paterson men in an overturned murder conviction
In September, Kelley and Lee had their convictions overturned.
In October, a state Supreme Court judge denied the Passaic County Prosecutor's Office request to reduce the bail of Lee and Kelley. During a hearing, a judge reduced their bail to $20,000, which the prosecution brought back up following an appeal. That appeal was denied Wednesday.
“Being locked up 24 years, there's a lot I forgot how to do and everything I got to learn all over again. It's an everyday process,” said Lee wearing a black sweater, a black T-shirt, jeans and white sneakers. “It's emotional, but I had to deal with it and endure and deal with everything that came my way. I got to be patient.”
Defense lawyers Paul Casteleiro of Centurion and Vanessa Potkin of the Innocent Project believed they had a strong case and never wavered.
CLOSE Ralph Lee speaks outside Passaic County Jail after being behind bars for 24 years. Keldy Ortiz/NorthJersey.com
“It's a glorious day. They're finally free after 24 years,” Casteleiro said. “We got fought every step of the way. I have a lot of faith in courts and judges. That's why we do this type of work.”
Standing a few feet from newly released men was Erica Mobley, Kelley's daughter.
“It's not going to hit me until tomorrow. If I sleep and then I wake up, it's still not going to hit me,” Mobley said. “We're going to have a big Thanksgiving.”
Lee's father, Ralph Lee, said last month after the bail reduction was denied that they couldn't cry anymore after learning they wouldn't come home with their son. Instead, Ralph Lee prayed.
“I waited, I waited, and I waited. And now, we finally made it,” Ralph Lee said. “I'm a great believer in Jesus. They kept me sane. I'm just thankful, man.”
Kelley and Lee are scheduled to be back in court in December for a hearing. They didn't think about that Wednesday.
“We did it,” both Lee and Kelley chanted before heading out to have dinner. “We did it.”
Email: ortizk@northjersey.com
Read or Share this story: https://njersy.co/2hUgzNx
PRINCETON — Queen Noor of Jordan is among Princeton University's Alumni Day speakers who will attend the school's 100th celebration on Saturday, the university said Thursday.
A member of the university's class of 1973, Queen Noor will receive the Woodrow Wilson Award and give a talk at 10:15 a.m. The award is bestowed annually by the university to undergraduate alumni whose careers relate to the public service Wilson described in their famous speech, "Princeton in the Nation's Service."
Martin Eakes, a community organizer and economic strategist, will give a lecture at 9 a.m. They earned a master's degree in public affairs from the Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs in 1980 and will receive the James Madison Medal, the university said.
The medal, established by the Association of Princeton Graduate Alumni, is presented each year to celebrate a graduate alumnus who has had "a distinguished career, advanced the cause of graduate education or achieved an outstanding record of public service," the school said.
Alumni Day is not open to the general public. More than 1,000 alumni and guests are registered to participate in the campus anniversary event Friday and Saturday.
The event was designed to give alumni a glimpse of campus life when school is in session. This year's events will feature presentations by alumni, faculty and students, interactive enrichment sessions, networking opportunities and social activities.
A complete schedule and registration information is available on the Alumni Association website or by calling 609-258-1900.
Nicole Mulvaney may be reached at nmulvaney@njtimes.com. Follow them on Twitter @NicoleMulvaney. Find The Times of Trenton on Facebook.
The Bitcoin Foundation has sent a letter to the US Federal Election Commission, supporting calls for bitcoin campaign contributions to be officially allowed.
The letter broadly supports a letter issued by the Conservative Action Fund PAC (CAF) earlier this month. The foundation calls for bitcoin-based contributions to be allowed, and points to FinCEN's 18th March guidance on virtual currencies as evidence that the government is already recognizing the currency as having an equivalent value in ‘real' currency.
The foundation's letter argues that Internet-based payments are already an accepted source of campaign contributions. Even SMS payments are currently permitted following a decision by the commission a year ago, the letter points out, arguing that methods have been devised to ensure that payments are not taken from unauthorized sources.
A screening technique proposed by CAF would require contributors paying via credit card to give their full name and address. The letter said:
“The collection of bitcoin contributions is no different in this regard than the collection of contributions online or by text message.”
Bitcoin shouldn't be automatically classified as an in-kind or mandatory payment, argues the letter, suggesting that it has characteristics of both. The Federal Election Campaign Act requires money to be deposited into a political action campaign's bank account within ten days, whereas in-kind payments may be held in their current form for longer.
But there is a more significant reason underlying the foundation's wish to have bitcoin donations to be permitted as in-kind payments, and that relates to the technological characteristics of the protocol. It can be used both as a currency, and as a record of ownership, said Marco Santori, the Bitcoin Foundation's regulatory affairs committee chair.
“Colored coins are a good example of this. If CAF got a donation in the form of a bitcoin, that could be worth $120 on Mt. Gox, or it could be a colored coin that signifies the ownership of a thousand shares in a company, that could be worth thousands or millions,” they said. “We're not seeing a lot of colored coin activity – there's not a lot of smart property. But there are foundation members working now on enabling that technology.”
Some politicians are already accepting bitcoin contributions to their campaigns in what appears to be an ‘act first, and ask forgiveness later' stance. Mark Warden, state representative for New Hampshire, did not respond to CoinDesk's questions about the amount that they have raised in bitcoins since they began accepting them. Neither did the US Libertarian Party, which is also now accepting contributions this way.
One barrier to political contributions in bitcoin could be the lack of a recurring payment mechanism in the protocol. The Libertarian Party raises the issue on its website, and directs people to simply make manual payments as often as they wish.
Another issue will be the potential for anonymous use of bitcoin. The foundation highlights the network's transparency, saying:
“The fact of, time of, and amount of each and every transaction from one public key to another occurring in the bitcoin network is automatically recorded in the public block chain, and this record is maintained indefinitely.”
Santori added that IP addresses used to make bitcoin payments could be traced.
In truth, these things can easily be spoofed. Proxies can be used, and payments can be made anonymous using online bitcoin mixing services. This means, in theory, that an organization could exceed the current limits on contributions simply by making payments from a variety of suitably obfuscated addresses.
“The fact that bitcoin addresses can be manipulated isn't really relevant,” protested a spokesperson for the foundation. “The FEC has permitted donation recipients to rely on the truthfulness of the information provided by other donors, and there is no reason for it not to do so for donors wishing to contribute in bitcoin.”
We can expect an advisory opinion by the Federal Election Commission on this issue by 28th October.
Image credit: Sadik Gulec, Shutterstock
The ‘In' and ‘Out' campaigns for the European referendum are not even formed, but an analysis of the different voting groups they will have to appeal to reveal some major challenges ahead
The referendum on British membership of the European Union is at least a year away, possibly two. As of today, there are not even formal campaign organisations on either side. But a new analysis of 49,903 voters from YouGov Profiles reveals some of the challenges that lie ahead for each side. Here are three key findings.
1. There are more than two groups of voters in this debate
Many voters do not yet have an opinion at all on the EU referendum question, and this group will be the hardest fought over when the campaign comes. But even among the people who do have an opinion, the firmly-decided on each side have very different characteristics to the voters who are leaning one way or the other but still 'in play' for both sides.
Looking at these as four groups instead of two, and scanning for the attributes that make them distinct, you see that they are particularly dominant in different demographic groups and different areas of the country. For each campaign, most of the voters who are already decided are in the bag – the challenge will be to shore up the votes that are so far only leaning, without alienating the core.
2. The attitudes of definite ‘inners' are totally different to leaning ‘inners'
All members of YouGov are regularly presented with attitudes and asked whether they agree with them or not – we use over 300 statements covering everything from politics to shopping and thoughts on life. If you identify a group such as one of these elector groups, YouGov Profiles can reveal which attitudes are disproportionately popular in that group compared with everyone else. It is a fascinating way of learning about a group of people without asking them any new questions.
The graphics below show the top ten over-scoring attitudes in the strongly-in group and the leaning-in groups. What is instantly clear is that they are strikingly different types of people, who will respond to very different campaign messages.
From their attitudes, the "definite inners" seem to be defined by a high-minded internationalist spirit, strongly ethical and progressive. This is a group that is asking to be inspired by the political project of Europe, by Britain's diversity and its place in the international order of the future.
Next to it, the top-scoring attitudes of people who are only leaning in seem very different. Firstly, politics is nowhere to be seen: this is not a group that is defined by its political opinions. The attitudes that define them are primarily aspirational, and connected with lifestyle. They are receptive to advertising, keep up with trends and crucially are happy with their standard of living. To appeal to this group you can see an entirely different campaign taking shape, based on the practical benefits of being in the EU, and its importance to Britain's economy.
The danger within each campaign will be to give too much influence to the evangelists on each side, instead of aiming the messages at the harder-to-reach, less politically engaged voters that will end up deciding the outcome.
3. Like it or not, David Cameron has the most powerful voice
No doubt the campaigners on both sides of the referendum question will be keen to keep it away from the government. David Cameron themselves may hope to keep away from the campaign front line. But an analysis of which politicians each group disproportionately likes compared to the rest – ie the people who should be delivering these messages if the campaigns hope to cut through – shows that David Cameron occupies a powerful place.
Looking at the chart above, to the left are the politicians more favoured by definite ‘inners' – headed by Caroline Lucas, it's a roll call of pin-ups of the political Left; to the right, most favoured by the definite ‘outers', are most of the expected names of the Eurosceptic establishment.
More interesting are the names – or lack of names – among the voters who are not yet sure. The ‘leaning in' group only show two political figures as disproportionately popular – David Cameron and Nick Clegg. These are surely the voters that won the Conservatives the general election: busy, practical, and not particularly interested in politics. No other names even cut through. The fact that Mr Cameron also tops the list for the group that is leaning ‘out' doubly underlines the power that their voice will carry in the campaign ahead.
The most valuable voters on each side are the ones least interested in politics, and no matter what the die-hards on either side will say, these people will be disproportionately receptive to the pragmatic authority of the prime minister.
You can hear the bass drum pounding away as you read the headline of Paul Krugman's latest New York Times editorial: “How Republics End.” Hitler, Franco and Mussolini, the other Big Three, the degenerate offspring of the 1920s and 1930, they are the list to which Krugman proposes to add President-elect Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE. Krugman is just the latest to call Trump the next great fascist. Comparing them to Hitler has become a parlor game on the Left. Sporcle, a popular website of trivia quizzes, even created a new distraction: they provide a quote, you guess who said it, Trump or Hitler. And, indeed, according to Krugman, “it takes willful blindness not to see the parallels between the rise of fascism and our current political nightmare.”
We can characterize “fascism” as ultra-nationalist, populist and authoritarian incited by calls for mass participation in extreme violence. Key to the Hitler mythos is the story of a scary leader who became a tyrannical monster; they did not invade Poland in 1933.
ADVERTISEMENT
This story of their spiraling trajectory has engendered a vigilance to catch the scary leader before they become the tyrannical monster. It is the implicit anxiety that fascism is a slippery slope. Laws to stop immigration today can be the first step in a succession of policies descending into genocide tomorrow. This anxiety fuels the desire, however hastily, to hunt and ferret out latent fascists.
And Trump can be scary. They like to play the tough guy. Theirs glorifying themselves as the anti-politician of “outsider populism” while surrounded by jeering fans recalls fascists before him.
They lie, cheats and steals. They threaten women, Mexicans and Muslims. As one Northwestern University psychologist concluded, Trump exhibits troubling signs of “narcissism, disagreeableness, [and] grandiosity.” But Trump's “grandiosity” is small fry compared to Hitler's. In their declaration of war on the U.S. in 1941, Hitler ranted that “Providence…entrusted [him] with the leadership in a historic conflict…determining the next five hundred or one thousand years, not only of…German history, but also of…the entire world's.”
Trump has not called for ending democracy, not promoted international conquest, not glorified mass violence. They have not set up paramilitary ranks of goose-stepping goons elaborately uniformed in crisp regalia. Trump's regalia amounts to mis-measured ties and a little red hat. As the German historian Thomas Weber argues, the defining difference between the two leaders is that “for Hitler, every compromise…was a rotten compromise… For Trump, ultimately a compromise is what you do.” So that Trump has no master plan. The Art of the Deal is no Mein Kampf. The Hitler analogy leads to characterizing Trump as a singular phenomenon of enormous power when in fact they are a small man with small hands. Their beefs are petty. Their thoughts are contradictory and confused. Their grand strategy is non-existent.
At the center of the nightmare of a fascist America is the notion of an unprecedented illiberal descent. It is a fundamental misunderstanding of American history, resting on the recalcitrant myth of a democratic immaculate conception in which the United States was born a “perfect union.” Yet American liberty has been an evolutionary process of amendment and error, steps toward a more liberal democracy like the Bill of Rights, abolition of slavery, Women's Suffrage and gay marriage, interrupted by major illiberal steps back like the Alien and Sedition Acts, nullification, Jim Crow, Japanese internment and Abu Ghraib. Trump's proposal of “banning Muslims” would fit comfortably on this latter list, devastating the lives of countless refugees. But it would not signal Krugman's end to the Republic.
German fascism rose in the 1920 and 1930s out of specific, historic and economic conditions that Krugman, the Nobel-Prize-winning economist, has somehow forgotten. Aside from the weak and ineffectual Weimar Republic of the interwar years, Germany lacked a democratic tradition from which to draw stability, norms and custom. It was devastated by its defeat in the Great War. It lost a generation of men. It owed exorbitant war debts and reparations. Economic crises, hyperinflation, rage and suffering threatened to pull Germany apart. It was then that the Great Depression hit. By 1931, the Republic was “virtually bankrupt.” Time and again, the seeds of fascism of the likes of Hitler, of Mussolini, of Putin, have proven to be desperation and humiliation on a massive, national scale with no democratic tradition for succor.
Is the American economy suffering a “breakdown of Weimarian dimensions?” Critically, we are not in the major depression-like conditions out of which, without exception, fascism has historically grown. We have a rich democratic tradition. This year there were healthy marches of protestors in the hundreds. And instead of violent riots, the great upheaval in our democratic order amounted to seven faithless electors (out of 538) changing their votes.
We have a rich history of fearing fascism. No one wishes to be the next Lindbergh or Chamberlain whistling in the wind as the next Hitler heils their way to power. Loudly and regularly, Presidents Franklin Delano Roosevelt, Richard Nixon, Ronald Reagan and George W. Bush were all accused of fascism. But there are dangers in throwing around the moniker. It suggests in one's opponents an “intolerable barbarity” that when coopted by radical movements, as the historian Theodore Draper argues, provides “an implicit license to use any weapons and any methods to overthrow it.” It is a call to arms, the kind of dangerous hyperbole found in fake news. And, on other the extreme, as William F. Buckley, Jr. wrote, “if everybody is a son of a bitch, then a son of a bitch becomes a pretty routine thing.” With every comparison, “Hitler becomes a little less the definitive evil.”
There are real fascists in the world. But we must call a spade a spade, not a knife. Trump poses a danger due to their shallow and inconsistent thinking. Their craving for populist approval, their longing for flattery, leaves Trump vulnerable. They have proven to be easily swayed, It is terribly troubling that one day Trump and Putin call each other “friends” and the next for a nuclear arms race. The relationship and Russia must remain under firm scrutiny. But Putin has blood on their hands. Trump has frosting from this morning's chocolate éclair.
Jacobson has Ph.D. in Cold War history from Northwestern University. their articles have appeared in a number of publications including USA Today and soon in The New York Daily News.  They are also the author of the-watch.blog.
The views expressed by authors are their own and not the views of The Hill.
I have been desperately attempting to comprehend my feelings about Café Society for hours, and I really can't. I'll try, of course, but I can't.
From the moment the jazz started playing and the Windsor Light Condensed font bearing the name Café Society popped up on the screen, I felt a sudden ease (keep in mind I had traveled 5 hours to the theater). The opening credits rolled by exactly as we'd expect them to when a circular transition tunneled the audience into the film.
It opens on a gorgeous Los Angeles house wrapped in the blue lighting of the moon. Phil (Steve Carell) pontificates about the latest star they predicted the fame of as others hypocritically mock them for it. Everyone makes their rounds, name dropping and bragging, when Phil has to leave to take their sister's call. What we just witnessed is key to the entire movie: the falsehood of café society.
This is a movie filled to the brim with narrative. Every detail becomes something bigger, every character lives the story they tricked themselves into wanting. For a film less than 90 minutes long, the amount of story in Café Society is amazing. It never feels stuffed, however. Whenever there was a transition into a new or old story, I couldn't wait to find out what would happen. One thing I dislike about some of Woody Allen's similar movies is that some stories are always far more entertaining than the others, but I never felt this way about Café Society. Yes, I enjoyed some narratives more than others (besides the main romance, I loved the mob story most), but not so much that I wanted it over other ones.
The transitions between stories were great, too. Editor Alisa Lepselter would use slides, flips, circles, fades (my favorite edit in the entire movie was a fade near the end), and anything else you can imagine, but they always felt natural. In fact, I'd say they were part of the reason I loved it so much! The constant allusion to golden age Hollywood was almost primarily done through these edits, as a matter of fact. There was one scene on a beach with some unnatural cuts, but other than that the cuts were purposeful, meaningful, and seductive.
All the acting is superb, too. Jesse Eisenberg, Kristen Stewart, and Corey Stoll gave performances of a lifetime, but the entire ensemble was fantastic together. Steve Carell and Blake Lively were both given one of their best roles to date, and both did wonderfully with them. The chemistry for Bobby's family in the film was just unbeatable, every joke landed beautifully with them. The Los Angeles actors were almost too realistic with the way they talked to each other, perfecting their egos and put-downs, so they were great as well. One of the best television actors, Tony Sirico, received a little cameo, too, and if you knew who they were the scene was a good laugh. This was probably one of Woody's most well-acted movies in a while.
Speaking of Woody Allen, their direction, as always, was brilliant. He's certainly beginning to leave their comfort zone with the elegant blues and striking long lens close-ups; that may be thanks to the real MVP of the film, cinematographer Vittorio Storaro, though. Between their resounding lighting and passionate dollies, Storaro shot Café Society in a way that totally engrosses the audience in the upper class world of the 30's. Particularly in LA, the coloring was superb, but there was one shot in particular that I want to talk about for a solely emotional reason...
Woody Allen hasn't made a NY themed picture in ages. He's had some stops in the state, sure, but they haven't shot it as lovingly as they used to. Well, the first half of Café Society takes place in LA with a few interiors in New York. About halfway into the film, though, when Bobby returns to NY, there is a shot of the New York skyline with Gershwin-esque jazz blaring. When this appeared, it seemed as if the entire theater got chills. In my head I was screaming "he's back, baby!!" It was a moment that where I just experience pure joy.
There's so much more to talk about: the set design, the costumes, the music, but just know that it was all amazing. The only decent thing in the movie is the sound quality of the narration and a few other scenes, but whatever. Just know that everything was excellent.
With that entire review, however, I still haven't properly explained how I felt about the movie. I sat in the theater (both times) in awe of what was on the screen. Everything about the movie just grabbed me, and I can't explain why. I have a legitimate love for Café Society. It was everything I wanted it to be and much more. Honestly, my main complaint with Café Society is that it ended.
Woody Allen's 2016 movie has easily become my favorite of the year so far, and it may just be one of my favorites by him. I can't wait to see it for a third time.
Poster Review
Theatrical Poster: 10/10
International Poster: 7/10
As New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie ends their troubled tenure facing term limits, their legacy may be to hand their statehouse to a Democrat.
According to a recent Quinnipiac University Poll, only 15 percent of likely voters approve of the job Christie is doing. The frontrunner, Democrat Phil Murphy, has been leading Christie's lieutenant governor, Republican candidate Kim Guadagno, by double digits in the polls. A Fox News Poll released October 17, 2017 shows Guadagno trailing Murphy by 14 points.
In an interview with Fox News, Guadagno acknowledged the low poll numbers but said their campaign is starting to gain traction.
"We've cut their lead in more than half, my internal polls show that we are literally at their heels and I think you're beginning to feel this momentum in New Jersey," they said.
Guadagno's focus is on the perennial state issue of high taxes and they say property taxes are the No. 1 issue that New Jersey voters care about.
"They are looking at me as the candidate who will lower their property taxes while the other guy has promised to raise taxes," they said.
Murphy, a multimillionaire former Goldman Sachs executive and former U.S. Ambassador to Germany, said the choice for New Jersey's next governor couldn't be clearer.
“On the one hand more of the same, another Chris Christie four years of failed politics, of failed politics for the middle class that was hollowed out and ravaged, where public education doesn't get funded, infrastructure is ignored, we become more unfair by the day and we are caught in this awful us vs. them vortex,” they said. “Or we can turn the page and change."
Murphy brought out the big names to stump for them in the overwhelmingly Democratic state. President Barack Obama, President Bill Clinton and Vice President Joe Biden have all attended campaign events. But one of their proposals has hit a nerve. During a debate between the two candidates, Murphy said: "If need be we'll be not just a sanctuary city but state."
Guadagno seized on that statement, releasing a controversial political ad that said, in part, "Murphy will have the backs of deranged murderers."
And the ongoing federal corruption trial of Democratic New Jersey Sen. Bob Menendez adds another layer of uncertainty.
If they are convicted and resigns after the inauguration, the new governor would appoint someone to fill their seat. A Fox News Poll found that a majority of voters think Menendez should resign immediately if they are convicted.
Brigid Harrison, a professor of political science and law at Montclair State University, said the trial hasn't been an issue in this campaign but it could impact the balance of power in the Senate.
“With the Senate so evenly divided, the outcome of the New Jersey gubernatorial election, if Sen. Menendez were to be convicted, could determine the Trump agenda and if it would move forward with greater ease in the Senate," Harrison said.
Murphy did not respond to repeated interview requests from Fox News.
As Murphy attacks Guadagno as a continuation of Gov. Christie, they like to remind voters that he's no longer on the ballot.
But Christie's shadow, observers say, could decide the race.
While eating dinner in their hometown of Ciudad Juárez, Mexico, Richi Soto's family members urge them to leave their job. Worlds away in Los Angeles, Eugene Quintero hands their wife a wad of cash and simply says, “Savings.”
Shaul Schwarz juxtaposes the lives of Soto and Quintero in their latest documentary, “Narco Cultura,” to represent the opposing impacts of the Mexican Drug War. Staying true to their roots as a photojournalist, Schwarz retains their minimalism by using a cinéma vérité style for the majority of the film. In doing so, they fearlessly dig deep into the subject in a way unseen before, while also challenging the viewer.
Soto's job as a crime scene investigator places them at the forefront of the war. They and their colleagues fear that they will end up as one of the bodies they frequently find in pieces in fields or blackened in a car. To reduce the risk of retaliation by cartels, they wear ski masks to crime scenes. Back in the office, their unmasked faces show their frustration. As Soto explains, rampant corruption will prevent any of the murderers from being brought to justice.
Across the border in California, safe from the threats of cartels, Quintero and their band, Buknas de Culiacan, continue to create narcocorridos, a growing music genre glorifying the cartels that are destroying Ciudad Juárez. While Soto is shown weaving through grieving families to reach a crime scene, Quintero is shown writing a song for a cartel leader, asking them how they would like to be referred to in the song and what kind of gun they carry.
Soto contemplates leaving their beloved Juárez for El Paso, Texas. Quintero expresses their desire to go to Mexico. Quintero has been seduced by the glamour — they are unaware of its true grittiness and the destruction Soto sees. Quintero educates themselves on the culture with the Internet, mentioning their favorite website that includes pictures of the mutilated bodies that Soto is exposed to in their job.
Schwarz supplements their original footage with a video that went viral online. After learning of their son's cartel-related death, a woman delivers an emotionally driven outburst. They cry, “Shout, Juárez, shout. Shout about the pain they are causing. Why doesn't anybody shout?”
“Narco Cultura” also fails to shout, unfortunately. Despite the explosive subject matter, the film is quiet. Shaul Schwarz has made a film that should be seen, yet the somber tone doesn't leave the impact it should. Perhaps the bleak mood is symbolic of the bleak outlook of Juárez and the Mexican Drug War — but perhaps like those involved with the cartels, the film is also not critical enough of the situation it depicts.
A version of this article appeared in the Wednesday, Nov. 20 print edition. Marissa Elliot Little is a contributing writer. Email them at [email protected]
Bahrain uncovered a 54-member "terrorist organization" involved in prison breaks and attacks on security forces, reported the state-run Bahrain News Agency (BNA) on Saturday.
Police arrested 25 members of the militant group, 10 of whom were former inmates, the report said. The remaining suspects appeared to be at large.
The suspects face 16 charges, including killing two police officers during a prison break, attempted murder of another police officer, sheltering terrorists and joining a terrorist group. Prosecutors said only four of the suspects denied the charges.
Authorities said they found "large quantities of explosives, detonators and hand grenades" alongside pistols and AK-47 assault rifles.
Bahrain's chief prosecutor Ahmed al-Hammadi told BNA that several of the militant group's operations had been planned from outside the country, including from Germany.
"One of the group's leaders is based in Germany, where they helped several members go to Iran and Iraq to receive training on using explosives and firearms at the Revolutionary Guard camps ahead of carrying out their terrorist crimes in Bahrain," al-Hammadi said.
In February, Bahrain executed three men found guilty of perpetrating a bomb attack that led to the death of three police officers in 2014.
Bahrain's Sunni-ruling authorities have faced backlash from the Shiite-majority population after banning the main opposition group, arresting anti-government activists and revoking the citizenship of the country's Shiite spiritual leader.
Manama frequently accuses Iran of fomenting civil unrest and supporting attacks against security forces, allegations which Tehran has long denied.
Bahrain's Shiite-majority population continues to protest for democratic reforms and representation in the Sunni-ruled government
ls/sms (Reuters, AFP, dpa)
Andria and Zoey Green wanted to raise $105 to buy their dad a present, according to KLTV.
“We were trying to raise some money to take our dad to Splash Kingdom,” 8-year-old Andria told KTLV. Splash Kingdom is a water park in Canton, Texas.
The sisters were selling lemonade and kettle corn for about an hour when police showed up because they set up their stand near the curb on a residential street. A code enforcement officer told the girls' mother they would need a permit to sell lemonade.
The city agreed to waive the $150 fee for a “Peddler's Permit,” but according to Texas House Bill 970, the “sale of food which requires time or temperature control to prevent spoilage” is prohibited. Because lemonade must be refrigerated to prevent the growth of bacteria, an inspection and permit is required.
The sisters said they will again set up their stand on Saturday, but this time they will be accepting donations.
Rap nerds have been on the rise for the last 10 years. Now it's time to finally admit nerds don't just run rap, they run the world.
Written by Damon Young (@VerySmartBros)
Chris Paul is the NBA's best point guard. Russell Westbrook's the most explosive. Stephen Curry's the most electrifying. But none of them are as “he'll Vine you”-worthy as Kyrie Irving is right now. As The Shadow League's Khalid Salaam writes, they may not be the NBA's best point guard, but he's “the nastiest.”
But, Salaam continues, while their predecessors in nastiness—people like Allen Iverson and Kenny Anderson and Tim Hardaway and Isiah Thomas—all came from the inner city, Irving has an upper-middle class background. They defy the archetype. It doesn't seem to matter, though. It would have 20 years ago. Maybe even 10. Now, no one seems to care. All that matters is their game.
Basically, Kyrie Irving is like Kanye West. And Kendrick Lamar. And Tyler, the Creator. And Childish Gambino.
The Best Rapper Alive was a straight-A student and belongs to a collective called “Black Hippy.”
The most important person in rap today is a kilt-and-leather-sweatpant-rocking son of a college professor. The Best Rapper Alive was a straight-A student and belongs to a collective called “Black Hippy.” Some of today's most controversial and cringe-inducing content comes from a skateboarder from the Black Beverly Hills. The last rap album I listened to was created by an Asian-fetishizing comedian who has been employed by two separate NBC shows.
POST CONTINUES BELOW
The nerds—the kids without traditional street cred, the guys who don't look and sound like the type of people we've always associated with hip-hop influence and relevance—are no longer obscured by the cool kids. They're not even competing with the cool kids. Now, the nerds are the cool kids.
Attributing nerd culture's dominance in hip-hop culture in 2013 to a soon-to-be 10-year-old Kanye West album seems like something someone who doesn't really listen to rap would write. It feels lazy. Perfunctory. Still, it is true. Well, kinda true. The College Dropout is not the best rap album of the 21st century. But it has already proven to be the most influential. What made Ye's popularity so astounding at the time wasn't the fact that they aren't a street guy who didn't rap about street shit. The same could be said for OutKast, De La Soul, The Pharcyde, Tribe Called Quest, Mos Def, Talib Kweli, and anyone else who found space and grew popular countering rap's dominant street culture.
What made Kanye's coolness “cool” was the fact that they aren't cool. They were awkward. They wore pink Polos. They were (and still is) a spaz. They talked funny. They didn't seem to fit the hyper-heterosexual image expected of Black male rap stars, so they were considered soft. Some even derided them as gay (NTTAWWT).
POST CONTINUES BELOW
The acceptance of and embrace of Kanye's lack of cool didn't exist in a vacuum, though. They didn't create the wave. They just are lucky enough to get on it. A nerd (Bill Gates) already controlled the way we worked. A nerd (Steve Jobs) was beginning to control the way we consumed culture. A nerd (Mark Zuckerberg) soon found a way to control the way we interacted. A nerd (Sean Parker) forever controlled the way we listened to music. This wasn't Revenge of the Nerds. It was—and still is—the nerds ordering everyone else to bow the fuck down. Jack Dorsey is no different than General Zod.
Hip-hop's embrace of nerds was slow. Very slow. Which was expected for a genre built on braggadocio and brawn. The qualities associated with nerdiness contradicted what we expected to hear when we listened to rappers rap. Even if we were intellectually aware that some of rap's biggest “bullies” were featherweights we could probably take in an actual fight, we still wanted to be bullied by them.
POST CONTINUES BELOW
But, as the aughts continued, the nerd takeover became inevitable. Kanye showed us it could be done, and the other nerds were busy shifting culture in a way that changed the barriers to entry and relevance. Soon, Lupe Fiasco, Kid Cudi, and 88 Keys started happening. ?uestlove, the “nerdiest” member of the world's coolest rap band became its most popular member. Street cred and hot singles were still important. But social-media strategy and SEO savvy were even more important. And it wasn't just that nerds and others outside of the traditional rapper archetype were being let in. Nerds were becoming the cultural arbiters—the ones giving Tyler the Creator and Kendrick Lamar millions of views and Wiki pages before they released any major-label albums and the ones downloading Chance the Rapper's and Childish Gambino's mixtapes.
Childish Gambino loses cool points because they still act like they don't have any.
Any doubt that nerd culture has reached a critical mass this year would be quelled by a visit to any inner-city high school. You'll see jeans too tight to run in tucked into multi-colored sneakers. Oversized and occasionally lensless glasses. Intentionally ironic t-shirts. Suspenders. Bow ties. Knee-high socks with Disney characters on them. I saw these things when I was in high school, too. But the kids with them were getting stuffed into lockers, smacked with spitballs, and friend-zoned-ed by Laura Winslow. Not looking and acting exactly like the most popular rappers and NBA players.
POST CONTINUES BELOW
A downside to this type of cultural ubiquity is the inevitable backlash, which is why it doesn't surprise me that Childish Gambino's Because the Internet has received some underwhelming reviews. Their entire schtick, including their name, is a very intentional counter to hip-hop's prevailing culture…from 10 years ago. Now, though, as "nerd" is no longer an automatic synonym for “uncool,” the persona, of a nerd intent on proving they can now do things their nerdiness didn't always allow them to do, feels a little outdated. Unfashionable. They lose cool points because they still act like they don't have any.
I guess this is progress. Nerds becoming the cool kids isn't a bad thing, I suppose. Shit, a couple more decades of this, and I wouldn't even be surprised if we had a Black nerd president some day. I can picture them now. He'll be a gangly introvert with big ears. He'll be from Montana or Hawaii or some other state no one cool gives a damn about. He'll also have a funny name, and he'll play basketball in the same type of white ankle socks and low-top sneakers that uncles rock when grilling hot dogs.
POST CONTINUES BELOW
Eh, never mind. Seems a bit too unrealistic. That said, my favorite rapper worked at the Gap and my favorite point guard went to Duke, so I guess anything's possible.
READ MORE ESSAYS BY DAMON YOUNG
On The Agony of Making Year End Lists
The Psychology of 400 Years of Racism: Why TDE Deserves the Benefit of the Doubt In Regards to Their Reaction to GQ's Article
Me, My Selfie, and I: Kanye West In the Age of Narcissism
With 2015, comes a new season of Minnesota Twins baseball. However, this season will be very different from the 2014 season, as the Twins will look to bring a World Series championship to the Twin Cities under newly-acquired manager Paul Molitor.
In the last 29 seasons for the Minnesota Twins, they have only hired two other managers besides Paul Molitor: Tom Kelly and Ron Gardenhire. Tom Kelly was the manager who brought the Twins their two World Series championships. They managed the Twins for 16 years, compiled a win/loss record of 1140-1244, managed the 1988 and 1992 All-Star games for the American League, and was the AL Manager of the Year in 1991. After the 2001 season, Ron Gardenhire replaced Tom Kelley as manager of the Twins. In Gardenhire's 13 years as the Twin's manager, they compiled a win/loss record of 1068-1039, took the Twins to the postseason five times, and won the 2010 AL Manager of the Year award. Despite all the success Gardenhire had as the Twins' manager, the team felt it was time to move on, because the last four seasons have not been positive (388 losses). As one can see, the Twins don't hire new managers often, and when they do they believe their new manager is the perfect choice to help the Twins contend.
(*) Now Paul Molitor has no former managerial experience, but that shouldn't deem them to fail as the manager of the Twins. Last year, the Detroit Tigers hired Brad Ausmus, a former Major League Baseball catcher, who never managed a baseball team at any level, but got the job because they were a great man with a lot of knowledge about the game of baseball. In their first season as the manager of the Tigers, Aumus and the Tigers won the AL Central with a 90-72 record, but were swept in the ALDS by the Baltimore Orioles. Like Ausmus, Molitor was a Major League Baseball player who played designated hitter, third base, and second base in 21 seasons between the Milwaukee Brewers, the Toronto Blue Jays, and the Minnesota Twins. The Hall-of-Famer has a career line of .306/.369/.448/.817 with 234 HR and 1307 RBI in 2,683 games. So, Molitor knows how to play the game extraordinarily well at the Major League level, and hopefully they have the ability to teach their team what it takes in order to become a dominant club in Major League Baseball.
Since 2010, the Twins have not had a winning season. In 2011 they lost 99 games, in 2012 they lost 96 games, in 2013 they lost 96 games, and in 2014 they lost 92 games. If the Twins are going to try to reverse their current trend of losing around, it may be hard, but it can be achieved.
The AL Central may have gotten stronger this year with the White Sox acquiring a lot of players, the Indians trading for Brandon Moss, the Royals upgrading their team with names like Alex Rios and Edison Volquez, and the Tigers boosting their team with names like Yoenis Cespedes, Alfredo Simon, and Tom Gorzelanny, but the Twins still aren't out of contention.
In response to the other actions performed by their rivals in the AL Central, the Twins have also made moves of their own in order to stay competitive. Adding Torii Hunter on a one-year, $10.5 million deal, gives the Twins a player who can play right field and can create runs (113 wRC+ as stated by FanGraphs). Drafting J.R. Graham in the Rule 5 Draft gave the Twins a pitcher, who was a former top-100 prospect, and if they stay on the Major League roster during the course of the season, they could possibly become essential to the team's rotation or bullpen. The Acquisition of Ervin Santana on a four-year, $55million deal, gives the team a viable starter that could help improve the team's rotation, which was dead last in the American League last season with a team 4.57 ERA and 1.44 WHIP. Extending Phil Hughes on a three-year, $42 million extension, gives the Twins an extra year of service for a pitcher that performed really well for them in 2014. In 2014, Hughes went 16-10 with a 3.52 ERA (2.65 FIP) with an outstanding K/BB ratio of 182/16 in 202.2 innings . The signing of Brock Peterson on a minor-league deal gives the Twins another name who could be on the 25-man roster, and also a player who can back up Joe Mauer. Peterson only has had 28 plate appearances at the Major League level, but has compiled a MiLB-career line of .276/.356/.465/.821 with 176 HR and 736 RBI in 5302 plate appearances over 12 seasons. Adding Tim Stauffer gives the Twins an efficient pitcher that has the ability to either start or relief. While the Twins haven't made many major moves, the moves they have made can definitely help the team improve in 2015.
Looking at the Twins heading into 2015, they could be a team that could shock the baseball world. Many people don't believe the Twins have a chance to contend, but predictions are just predictions – they are never as accurate as what occurs every day on the baseball diamond.
The Twins have their ace in Phil Hughes, who was an outstanding starter for them last year. Following them in the rotation is Ervin Santana, who had an FIP of 3.39 in 2014 as a member of the Atlanta Braves. Last year was an injury-plagued year for Ricky Nolasco, and they are bound to improve after having arguably the worst season of their career in 2014, when they went 6-12 with a 5.38 ERA (4.30 FIP) and 1.516 WHIP in 27 starts . While the rest of the rotation slots are questionable at this point, the Twins have plenty of candidates for the final two spots such as Kyle Gibson, J.R. Graham, Trevor May, Alex Meyer, Tommy Milone, Mike Pelfrey, Aaron Thompson, Jason Wheeler, and Tim Stauffer. The bullpen will be led again by Glen Perkins, who had 34 saves last year for the Twins.
In 2014, the Twins' lineup was ranked the 7th best overall in the American League according to With the addition of Torii Hunter, the lineup is expected to be better than it was last year. Besides Hunter, the Twins have some other star players such as Kurt Suzuki, Brian Dozier, Joe Mauer, Danny Santana, Kennys Vargas, and Oswaldo Arcia. Kurt Suzuki had an All-Star season last year when they hit .288/.345/.383/.727 with 3 HR and 61 RBI in 131 games . Brian Dozier tied Neil Walker for the most home runs last year by a second baseman in Major League Baseball with 23. Joe Mauer had a down year last year, and will look to try to replicate something closer to their career numbers next season after dealing with elbow issues last year. Danny Santana was a rookie last year, and finished seventh in AL Rookie of the Year voting after hitting .319/.353/.472/.824 with 7 HR and 40 RBI in 101 games for the Twins. They also had a 3.9 WAR. Kennys Vargas was another rookie who shined, as they slugged .274/.316/.456/.772 with 9 HR and 38 RBI in 53 games. Oswaldo Arcia had a down season last year, but still managed to hit 20 home runs in 2014.
With all the optimism around for the young team in the Twin Cities, it would be hard for the Twins to finish worse than they did last year. The young guys are getting more experienced and polished, while the veterans are getting wiser and becoming better leaders. If I could describe the outlook for the Twins' 2015 season in one word, it would be: exciting. The team has a lot of potential, and with Miguel Sano and Byron Buxton possibly making their Major League debuts this year, it all adds up to a new chapter of Twins' baseball: The Paul Molitor Era.
*All stats were obtained by FanGraphs.com and Baseball-reference.com
Daniel Dore covers the Minnesota Twins for OffTheWallBaseball. You should follow them on Twitter @DDoreOTWBB.
Mike Adams at Their Honest Weight
It's been over three years since Oscillate Wisely, the debut album from Mike Adams At Their Honest Weight. A lot has happened to all of us since then, but it was a particularly action-packed time for ol' Mike. Their newborn son requiring emergency heart surgeries immediately after birth (doing fine now!), their former rock band of nearly 10 years calling it quits, and plenty of other heavy things have helped shape the follow-up, Best of Boiler Room Classics, into one of the most believably moving albums to come around in a long time.
But forget about all that stuff for a minute because we need to talk about how great these SONGS are! And these are real songs, daddy! Verses, choruses, hooks, bridges, you know, well-written timeless songs that at least some of us will be listening to 50 years from now. The same mixing/mastering team of Adam Jessup & Eric Day have returned and have really taken their time to make this album sound like exactly one million bucks. The thoughtful, hard work that went into this record has resulted in something truly special, like a Midwestern Tusk made by fun, lovable people who actually get along really well.
Best of Boiler Room Classics has the subtle, earnest warmth of an album like the Clientele's Strange Geometry but with the arena-ready grandeur of ELO's Out Of The Blue. While there is an unforgettable instant catchiness to these songs, there is a depth, both lyrically and musically, that makes repeated listens a delight.
While this is not a country album by any means, songs like "Count On It" and "Don't Want It, Don't Get It" find Mike's comforting words gripping your heart like an old Roger Miller ballad. Speaking of "Count On It", just wait until those actual strings kick in at2:27! It'll do something to you!
What if the GBV albums on TVT had been produced by Cowboy Jack Clement? What if The Wonders songs in That Thing You Do were actually performed by The Pernice Brothers? What if Dee Dee Ramone wrote "Late For The Sky" instead of Jackson Browne? What if Todd Rundgren engineered a Cass McCombs record? Find out on April 29, 2014 at your local record store!
Which brings me to the point made by Tony Abbott in their address to Institute of Public Affairs in Sydney on Monday. Particularly they want 18C of the Racial Discrimination Act, the section which conservative columnist Andrew Bolt was prosecuted under last year repealed.
“Expression or advocacy should never be unlawful. And this is not a matter of agreeing or disagreeing with Bolt. It's a matter of the right to free speech.”
Yeah, I disagree. It's not an issue of freedom of speech but an issue of tact. It is an issue of hurt. It is an issue of being civil in a civilised society. And it is a sad state of affairs that the legislation needs to exist but it does because being civil is no longer a valued trait.
Don't get me wrong. I believe in human rights. Especially in the right to hold my own views and to speak them freely in society. But unlike my four-year-old, I understand that using my vocal chords in concert with my brain comes with great responsibility. It requires that you use your words kindly, gently and for good.
Another point made by Tony Abbott was that “hurt” was legally difficult to test. And I agree with them entirely on this point. It would have indeed been difficult to “legally test” the hurt that I endured as a teenager being taunted by a gang of schoolboys who demanded to know where my “waga” was. I had just got off a plane from Singapore, how was I to know they wanted to know where my spear was?
Likewise, it would have been equally difficult to “legally test” the hurt I felt when I was pelted with apple cores while on my afternoon walk seven months pregnant with my son and told, “Black bitch, go home.” Maybe it was the hormones, but I can tell you that night I seriously considered going “home” and questioned whether Australia was the place I wanted raise my child.
At length my son and I discussed tact, tolerance and the importance of not hurting people's feelings. I told them what my mum had taught me as a little girl; that it is essential to think before you speak. And even if you have a view on something, is it the right place and time to express it? Yes, the lady was overweight but you did not need to point it out. Them feelings would have been hurt. It is never nice to feel pain inside your heart.
My mum also taught me that it is not good enough to have an opinion and that it needs to be an informed opinion. So my son and I chatted at length about finding out about things and how to have an informed opinion – within reason.  They are four, after all.
I must say I am proud of my son though. A few days later, they told me they resisted teasing a girl at school for wearing a silly ribbon in their hair. That they did not want them to hurt on the inside. Clearly my four year old son got it. Do you get it, Mr Abbott?
Su Dharmapala is an author and blogger from Melbourne. Them debut novel, The Wedding Season, was published in May by Simon & Schuster. They will be presenting at the Melbourne Writers Festival on 26 August about the fine art of romance writing.
Can we protect ‘free speech' too much? Where is the line between being tactless and being cruel?
Pot-smoking environmentalists take note: Grass might not be green. A new study reveals that indoor marijuana production carries a shockingly large carbon footprint.
GOOD reports that Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory researcher Evan Mills, Ph.D., has released a surprising new independent report, “Energy up in Smoke: The Carbon Footprint of Indoor Cannabis Production.” Mills reports that indoor Cannabis production uses 1% of the nation's entire electricity consumption. This comes to energy expenditures of $5 billion per year.
While 1% may not seem like a lot, the report claims that smoking one single Cannabis joint is equivalent to running a 100-watt light bulb for 17 hours. That Cannabis cigarette carries two pounds of CO2 emissions.
According to the report:
Each four-by-four-foot production module doubles the electricity use of an average U.S. home and triples that of an average California home. The added electricity use is equivalent to running about 30 refrigerators. Processed Cannabis results in 3000-times its weight in emissions. For off-grid production, it requires 70 gallons of diesel fuel to produce one indoor Cannabis plant, or 140 gallons with smaller, less-efficient gasoline generators.
Is this report ideal material for anti-drug activists? Not exactly. Mills is clear to write, “This study does not pass judgement on the merits of Cannabis cultivation” and they state that cannabis production is not intrinsically polluting, but rather currently engages in inefficient production. Mills proposes that energy use for indoor production could be dramatically reduced, with cost-effective efficiency improvements of up to 75%. They also suggest that by shifting cultivation use outdoors, certain aspects of energy consumption would be eliminated (although other environmental impacts might be imposed instead).
Fast Company finds this report to be further evidence that marijuana should be legalized. Writer Ariel Schwartz says, “Marijuana production needs to be legalized, so people will actually cast a critical eye on its energy usage. All the industry has to do is follow in the footsteps of the commercial agricultural industry, which has made strides in energy efficiency in recent years.”
Mills writes in their report that criminalization contributes to inefficient energy practices. Compared to electric grids, off-grid power production often produced more greenhouse-gas emissions. They also describe how long driving distances and odor suppression measures take away from ventilation efficiencies.
This article is over 2 years old
With Uber set to deploy autonomous cars in Pittsburgh, some drivers for the company wonder if they've been expendable all along
'We're just rentals': Uber drivers ask where they fit in a self-driving future
“Wo-o-o-o-w,” Cynthia Ingram said. “We all knew it was coming. I just didn't expect it this soon.”
Ingram, a 60-year-old Uber driver in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, had just learned that Uber would be deploying autonomous cars to accept fares in their city within weeks. The announcement on Thursday morning sent shockwaves through the community of about 4,000 drivers that serve Pennsylvania's second largest city.
Uber riders to be able to hail self-driving cars for first time Read more
Uber has not specified how many autonomous vehicles it plans to roll out in Pittsburgh, but state law requires a licensed driver to be seated behind the wheel of any vehicle, autonomous or not. So the cars will still have a human driver in the front seat – for now. )
The company did not respond to queries about whom those non-driving drivers will be or whether they will undergo special training.
But for Ingram, autonomous Ubers are an unwelcome threat to their livelihood.
“I kind of figured it would be a couple more years down the line before it was really implemented and I'll be retired by then,” they said.
A paralegal with 30 years experience, Ingram began driving for Uber and Lyft in June 2015 when they lost their job. They said that they love driving for Uber, though they have struggled to make ends meet.
Rob Judge, 41, was also concerned with the announcement.
“It feels like we're just rentals. We're kind of like placeholders until the technology comes out.”
A longtime customer service representative, Judge began driving for Uber three months ago to make money while they look for other work.
“For me personally, this isn't a long term stop,” they added. “But for a lot of other people that I've connected with, this is their only means.”
Do you work as a driver for Uber? Share your experiences Read more
Judge also questioned whether passengers would miss the opportunity to meet and talk with their drivers.
“It has the potential for that human interaction to go away, and that's the best part of the whole experience,” they said.
Uber has never made a secret of its ambitions for a driverless future, and in Pittsburgh, where it operates a self-driving research lab, the city has grown accustomed to the sight of its autonomous vehicles on the streets.
“Pittsburgh has been a home for autonomous vehicles and research for decades,” said Timothy McNulty, communications director for mayor William Peduto. “We're pretty used to self-driving cars here, and we're happy that Uber is taking this next step.”
Not all drivers shared their joy. In private Facebook groups where drivers for Uber and Lyft congregate, some drivers joked about sabotaging their rivals.
“I say we all go out and get drunk and puke in the driverless cars ... next passenger will be pleasantly surprised,” wrote one driver.
“Get on a bridge and wait for one to pass under then dump dark paint on the roof,” another wrote.
Judge did not propose any such sabotage, but they admitted, “I think a lot of us are hoping that there are some hiccups that can slow this thing down.”
“Pittsburgh is really the center of the innovation economy on the east coast,” said Alex Wallach Hanson, field director for Pittsburgh United, a coalition of labor, community, and environmental groups that advocates for working class families. “That's a good thing for our city, but we also need to take a leadership role in making sure that it benefits everyone in our economy.”
Uber v drivers: judge rejects 'unfair' settlement in US class action lawsuit Read more
In addition to Uber, Pittsburgh has attracted outposts from Google and Facebook, and is home to a growing tech start-up scene.
“If part of innovation technology is replacing drivers with technology, we need to look at policy solutions that we can put in place like a universal basic income, to make sure that everyone in our community has a family-sustaining life,” Wallach Hanson added.
Eric Lightfoot, a full-time Uber and Lyft driver, said that they were excited about the driverless future.
“In America, we can't all fricking own cars anymore. That has got to end,” they said. “If this is one of those avenues then that's what it is. It doesn't bother me at all.”
Lightfoot said that they believed it would take another 20 years for autonomous cars to replace drivers, but even if they are wrong, they welcome the change.
“I've always dealt with life as it comes,” they said. “If it happens tomorrow and I'm out of work, I'll find a new job. I'll find my way.”
Still, you won't catch them in a driverless car tomorrow.
“I'll let all the guinea pigs figure that shit out before I get in one,” they said.
Ingram shared Lightfoot's personal aversion to autonomous cars, saying they would “absolutely not” accept a ride from one of the new driverless Ubers.
“I want somebody in control of that vehicle other than a computer,” they said.
In a setback for a global eradication campaign, two children in southwestern Ukraine have been paralysed by polio in the first outbreak of the disease in Europe since 2010, the World Health Organisation said on Wednesday.
The WHO said Ukraine had been at particular risk of an outbreak because of inadequate vaccination coverage. In 2014, only 50% of children were fully immunised against polio and other preventable diseases, it said.
The risk of further spread within the country is high, although the threat to nearby Romania, Poland, Hungary and Slovakia is low, a WHO statement said.
There is no cure for polio, which attacks the nervous system and can cause irreversible paralysis within hours of infection. It mainly affects young children in areas of poor sanitation.
A global vaccination campaign has largely stamped out the virus, and only Pakistan and Afghanistan have reported cases of wild polio virus this year. Madagascar and Nigeria have suffered vaccine-derived outbreaks, like Ukraine.
The oral vaccine contains a very weak live virus and is considered very safe and effective in preventing the disease. But immunised children excrete the vaccine, and within about 12 months it can mutate in the environment and begin causing paralysis again in unvaccinated children.
"This is an epidemic-prone disease," said Oliver Rosenbauer, a spokesperson for WHO's polio eradication department. "This is a virus that's very good at finding susceptible children."
They said the two cases in Ukraine -- a 4-year-old and a 10-month-old -- were merely the visible cases among many silent carriers.
"You don't have two kids infected with this strain. There are a lot of other children and adults who will have it. It's in the sewage system. Now is the time to boost the immunity levels."
Vaccine-derived polio strains tend to spread less easily and not cause as many cases as the wild virus, they said, and a full outbreak response could stop the spread in its tracks. The cost of such a response was still being worked out, they said.
Ukraine, where a conflict between government forces and pro-Russian separatists erupted in the east in April 2014, has been rid of wild polio virus since 1996.
Turkey was the last country in Europe where polio was endemic, but it has been rid of the disease since 1999. Europe's last outbreak was in 2010, after the virus was imported from Tajikistan to Russia, leading to 14 cases, Rosenbauer said.
First Published: Sep 02, 2015 21:38 IST
More than 25,000 professional footballers from across the globe vote to select the FIFA FIFPro World XI and now you can join them in selecting the best team in the world.
The voting for the 2017 team has produced a shortlist of 55 elite players, and one goalkeeper, four defenders, three defenders and three attackers will make the final XI which will be announced on October 23 in London.
Cristiano Ronaldo and Gareth Bale are among the 13 players on the list who played for Real Madrid last season as they made history with a second successive Champions League - that is the most from any one club in the prize's 12-year history.
In that time, Ronaldo and legendary Juventus goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon are the only players to feature in every shortlist.
There are 11 Premier League players on the list: David de Gea, Antonio Valencia, David Luiz, N'Golo Kante, Nemanja Matic, Paul Pogba, Mesut Ozil, Philippe Coutinho, Eden Hazard, Romelu Lukaku, Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Harry Kane.
The 2016 World XI was: Manuel Neuer, Dani Alves, Gerard Pique, Sergio Ramos, Marcelo, Andrés Iniesta, Toni Kroos, Luka Modric, Lionel Messi, Luis Suarez and Cristiano Ronaldo.
The shortlist has been divided up by position below - simply vote players up or down according to who you think is the best in each category.
Grain growers have expressed concerns about draft suggestions made in the interim report to a review of the Grains Research and Development Corporation's structure.
Grain growers are concerned about draft recommendations to change the structure of the industry's peak research and development body.
A draft report to the independent review of the Grains Research and Development Corporation's structure, initiated by the corporation itself, suggests moving gradually from a statutory body towards an industry-owned model, to improve efficiency.
Audio Player failed to load. Try to Download directly (1.75 MB) Space to play or pause, M to mute, left and right arrows to seek, up and down arrows for volume. Download (1.75 MB)
Load more chevron right
Grain Growers Limited's general manager of grower interests, Michael Southan, says there's no evidence to suggest any change is necessary.
"I think there are still a lot of growers asking, 'why has this review taken place?'," they said.
"Growers are certainly are happy to look at what can be improved, but at the same time, they feel a sense of security around a statutory corporation model which they think gives them more protection around levies and how their levies can be used.
"Our view from Grain Growers is that there's not enough evidence there for a complete structural change, but certainly some change may improve some efficiencies in GRDC's working."
The draft report suggests that a hybrid model, somewhere between a statutory and industry-owned corporation, would be a viable option for the GRDC in the short-term future.
Mr Southan says there isn't enough to detail to justify that proposal either.
"There maybe be efficiencies that can be gained simply by looking at some changes, or seeking some exemptions from their current reporting structure as a statutory corporation, which would give them those efficiencies and not require the full time and cost to go through a complete structural change."
The review was announced by the GRDC and its representative organisation, Grain Producers Australia, in February this year.
But the original push for a structural review came from previous GRDC chairperson, Keith Perrett, who supports a move to an IOC-model.
The current GRDC chairperson, Richard Clark, is yet to be convinced that the current operating system, which has been in place for more than 20 years, needs to change.
"We think we're operating soundly in the current structure that we've got," they said.
"If change was a recommendation, then we'd want to understand the costs and the benefits of doing that change.
"But there's no point doing change for the sake of it.
"If there's a compelling argument, then GRDC would be 100 per cent behind it, but we haven't seen that argument put forward to us yet. So we'll await the outcome of this review with interest."
Making GRDC more commercial
Growers aren't entirely against the 'hybrid' model suggested in the draft report.
Chairman of the NSW Farmers' Association grains committee, Dan Cooper, says while detail on such a model is lacking, it could lead to a more commercial-looking GRDC and less red tape.
"One of the main issues or the main concerns is that the last 12 months has seen GRDC brought closer to government, whereas we'd like to see it probably become at arm's length from government," they said.
"And if we can't do that under the current structure, then maybe the hybrid model would be a way to get a bit of distance from government."
But Mr Cooper doesn't see any reason to move wholly to an IOC model.
Grain Growers Limited's Michael Southan says such a move could see grower levy funds spent more on marketing rather than research, development and extension.
"If you look at Horticulture Australia and Meat and Livestock Australia, there have certainly been some issues there," they said.
"MLA has a very strong marketing push and GRDC has traditionally kept clear or stayed away from marketing work.
"But also it's really about what does industry want from its levies, and in this case growers are certainly very keen to get any productivity gains from good investment from their levy money.
"And at the moment it appears that the current structure is generally delivering that."
Growers want more time
Mr Southan says some growers feel they haven't received adequate time to respond to the review, the draft for which was published in late June.
But chair of the review's steering committee, Terry Enright, who's also a Grain Producers Australia director, has defended any suggestion that the consultation period hasn't been adequate
They say the steering committee, which included representatives from state farming organisations, visited every state and held meetings with growers.
"We set up a website where people could respond in writing. There was an opportunity to put in submissions and we weren't pedantic about the three-week limit," they said.
"People are still putting in submissions now, but even once the final report's in, people can still make submissions on what they feel should happen from here."
The GRDC structure review report is expected to be finalised this week.
Forget buses and bike share programs: Could slides ever be a viable form of public transport in hilly cities? In a couple of months, U.K. artist Luke Jerram plans to build a giant waterslide linking downtown Bristol to neighborhoods uphill.
“This project is about getting the public and the city to think about the architecture and infrastructure that we have in a new way,” says Jerram. “Here in the U.K., like in America, cars seem to rule the road. Whereas in other parts of the world pedestrians have right of way.”
The 300-foot long slide will only be up for a day. But Jerram, who was inspired to create the project during a hot day last summer, says they could actually imagine something lasting longer. “In Bristol there are a number of very steep hills, and people need to get about. Wouldn't it be nice to have permanent slides installed around the city, so you can go from the top to the bottom of a hill on your commute to work?”
If the artist's crowdfunding campaign is successful, the slide will go up on May 4. Jerram says there's already been so much interest that he's worried about how to give everyone a chance to ride–only about 500 rides will be possible. “It seems to have caught people's imagination,” they say. “Everyone wants to have a go–we even have someone flying in from America.”
After the installation in Bristol, Jerram plans to assemble instructions so anyone can repeat the artwork in other cities around the world.
They hope that it might inspire more discussion about the future of transportation. “As artists, architects, planners, and just the public, maybe it's up to us to think of how we want to use the city, and what sort of future we want to see,” they explain. “I suppose I think this slide is sort of an experiment, an arrow pointing in one particular direction.”
“The city is a canvas for people to be creative, and it's a place for people to test ideas,” adds Jerram. “And we can have some fun.”
This week brings two messages to the world. Japan wants to exist and France wants to commit seppuku, e.g. ritual suicide, for the sin of being French. Two messages, the political class in Japan loves the land created by Ameterasu, the Sun Goddess, and the Japanese people. The opposite message was sent by the French political class and the people themselves, the French hate themselves and their political class agrees. The Eldest Sister of the Holy Roman Church is no more. The land of Charles Martel and the Franks, mere history. The land of the Saintly Crusader King, Louix IX, is no more. The land of Monet and Rodin, soon to be buried under the barbarity of Islam and Africa. But the Land of the Rising Sun endures! Sonno Jo I! Revere the Emperor, Expel the Barbarian!
Japan has a refugee problem, but it decided to deal with that problem forthrightly, and easily, just deny the applications for asylum and make those who stay feel most unwelcome.
Anti-refugee sentiment is rising in Europe and the United States but in Japan those seeking haven from tyranny and war have long faced daunting legal and social gauntlets. One of the world's wealthiest countries, Japan accepted just 28 refugees in 2016 — one more than the previous year — out of the 8,193 applications reviewed by the Immigration Bureau. Officials defend the low number, saying applicants are mainly from Asian countries seeking access to Japan solely for economic reasons. "The number of applications from regions which generate lots of refugees, such as Syria, Afghanistan and Iraq, is small," said Yasuhiro Hishida, spokesperson for the Immigration Bureau. Not Welcome: Japan Tough To Crack For Refugees, by Kyoko Hasegawa and Natsuko Fukue, Agence France Press, May 3, 2017
Ignore the platitudes, Japan gets many refugee applications, but fewer than most, because Japan makes it well known that it will not approve most applications. And it generally makes most foreigners, tourists excluded, feel unwelcome, especially refugees. Why?Because the Japanese want to preserve and protect their culture and racial identity from corruption and decline. Visitors are treated well in Japan, but you are expected to behave, and eventually leave. Japanese employers hire few foreigners, except in menial jobs in small companies.
Alien white-collar workers in Japanese companies are virtually unheard of. Most alien white-collar workers are temporary workers employed at foreign companies. That is acceptable to the Japanese, because the Japanese don't like to work with foreigners. Most foreigners lack the language skills to speak the very difficult Japanese language and just don't fit into the series of obligations that bind employees and employers, both up and down, from the CEO to the lowliest employee.
Importantly, Japan acts to break the fraud chain that involves most claims to persecution. Former Immigration and Naturalization Service refugee official Jan Ting has repeatedly testified that most refugee applications are fraudulent. Refugee and asylums claims are just another manner to immigrate to the United States and other countries, and most refugees act to make their lives, and their children's lives easier.
Assisted by the UN, Liliane was able to claim asylum on arrival in Japan stating that their life was in danger due to tribal conflict back home. It took two years for officials to accept them as a refugee, a period during which they received assistance from the Catholic Church and charities. But they feel the status brought few benefits.  They are no closer to reuniting with their child — now a teenager, their daughter has repeatedly been denied a permit to even visit. For Liliane, further education and a stable life, seem out of reach. They explain: "Japan is a very difficult country for foreigners. The language is really a handicap for us. You need to do absolutely everything to try to speak in Japanese but you don't know where to find free lessons." "Sometimes I think refugee status has no meaning," they sigh. But for Nonnon, being awarded refugee status would at least give them a sense of belonging. They fled military persecution in their native Myanmar 25 years ago but remains in frustrating legal limbo, accepted only on a humanitarian stay visa, which allows for residence and work but traditionally only on annual temporary permits subject to anxiety-riven renewal. "It's like I have no nationality," said the 47-year-old, who only gave their childhood nickname. They have tried to forge a life in Japan, they married a man from Myanmar who was also claiming asylum and they have a son and a daughter. But their children are effectively stateless — not recognised in Myanmar, nor as Japanese citizens.
There is no birth-right citizenship or chain-migration in Japanese law or policy. The Japanese are both smart and patriotic . It is time we emulate our fellow Ice People in the Land of the Rising Sun ; patriotic immigration reform and deport illegals!The, the National Anthem of Japan, sings of the Japanese people lasting 8 thousand generations. This can happen, but France will not last another generation. Charlemagne must be rolling in their grave.
The Final Layer of Craigslist Rent Seeking in San Francisco
Leigha Beckman Blocked Unblock Follow Jan 18, 2016
Or is it?
You know, just when you think Craigslist can't possibly get any Craigier, you come across a Craig-hole so Craigy you wonder how they even listed.
But list they did.
Let me elaborate. I've been apartment hunting on Craigslist — a hard process in any city, but truly something crunchy in the humble slice of toast that is the San Francisco real estate market. As I undergo that process, I am reminded of all the wonderful quirks that comprise a rental search.
This quirk wins.
A couple weeks ago I visited an apartment with an opening in the Mission. It was advertised as a huge room by roommates described as:
“…males in 20s that work in the tech and startup scene in SOMA, but we are open to anyone that might be a good fit!”
The implication here, let's discuss. The ad-posters are essentially suggesting that they are so generous and open-minded they will consider living with a human that doesn't match their gender, professional specialty, and office location. This one comment made me not respond to the ad on principle. Over time, however, my principles dissolved and I sent a reply.
My email was answered by one of the Tech Males and we set up a viewing time. On a rainy weeknight, I entered the abode, where I was greeted by not Tech Males, but Tech Male. I know this because of their fidgety mannerisms and singularity.
To my surprise, Tech Male was not showing a furnished apartment with a single room opening, but a brand-new lease, unfurnished. I was sort of confused by this because the ad did not make it clear that this was a new lease filling up rooms. I assumed I was joining an existing lease with people already there.
I say something to this effect, and Tech Male launches into a frenzied explanation.
“So, ok , yeah— did you read the ad? — Right now I live in a 5-bedroom house in Hayes Valley, and I have a start-up, ok, and it's really great and I really love the community and social — have you heard of Campus? Or Negev?”
My confusion amplifies, but I respond, “Yeah, I know what Campus is.”
Note: Negev and Campus are co-living spaces for adults, which is a start-uppy way of saying “dorms for grownups who aren't ready to be grownups.” They are popular amongst Millennials who lack the ability to orient their lives without nurturing, expensive structure.
“Yeah! So, I wanted to create something like Campus, like my place in Hayes Valley — ”
This is making all kinds of not-sense, so I interrupt.
“Ok…so…your startup…is your place in Hayes Valley? Like Campus?” I'm struggling to understand why this is relevant.
“No, no,” Tech Male says. “I have a different start-up, that's something else. But I live in Hayes Valley, in this five-bedroom house, and I'm trying to create that same sort of atmosphere here, you know, where it can be really social and really be a community. So, I found this place, and talked to the owner to take over the lease, so I won't really be living here, I'm just renting out the rooms, but I'll be the master tenant, and you'll pay rent to me.”
I stare at him. They look uncomfortable.
“So yeah, this is like…my side-hustle.”
As I'm registering this arrangement, I can't decide if I want to politely continue viewing the apartment, or tell them what I really think. I settle for something in the middle.
“Do you have any snacks?” I ask.
“What? No, this doesn't include meals. Do you want to see the other rooms?”
“Sure.”
We continue down the hallway and they show me the second, third, and fourth bedrooms, and a single bathroom. It feels like they are showing me a hostel. We enter the kitchen.
“So there's no living room?” I ask.
Bastard.
They gesture to a tiny space behind the kitchen the water heater sits.
“Well, I was thinking I could put a little table here, you know, for happy hours.”
“Are you serious?”
“I mean — ”
“You should turn it into a bedroom.”
“So actually there is this loft up here,” they continue, excited, pointing to the small ceiling nook above us. “I might use it when I stay here, or just rent it out. But for something like that I don't think it would be fair to charge more than like, $1200 or $1300.”
Their face strains as they say these numbers, visibly distressed. It seems to pain them to accept so low a figure. Poor guy.
“If I did that though, I would adjust the rents down for the other rooms,” they clarify.
More face distress; Tech Male doesn't like this economic reality.
“But, I still have to make a profit, you know.”
Spoken like a true master tenant. I nod sympathetically.
“Do you want to see the backyard?” they ask.
“Sweet, are you renting that out too?”
“Oh, I hadn't thought about…”
“I'm going to stop you right there,” I finally interject. It was late and rainy and I had no more time for this bullshit.
Their eyes widen a bit in surprise.
“It wasn't clear to me from your posting that this is what the deal was. I thought it was just an existing lease with an open room. I'm not really looking for something like this.”
“Is…is it the master tenant thing?” they ask awkwardly. Their words, not mine.
“Well, yeah, I mean, I don't need to pay extra for you to set up my social life for me. Maybe if I were right out of college…” I trail off, because even fresh out of college I hope I wouldn't be this stupid.
“Oh…ok. I mean, I thought you would be a really great fit, I mean, you are a really great fit, but ok.”
“Right. Well. Good luck.” I say.
I hope you fail.
“Hey, thanks, no worries. I'm sure we'll see each other around!” Tech Male says.
Yes, perhaps at one of your fancy networking water-heater happy hours.
And I left, determined not to feel awkward, but feeling awkward anyway. At least it had been an authentic Craigslist experience in that sense.
To summarize: This guy took over a new lease they had no intention of living in, purely as a “side-hustle” where they could hand-select supposedly super cool tenants, potentially squeezing five people into what is clearly meant to be a 3 bedroom, overcharging each one $1850 (less for the loft, kindly) so they could “make a profit” on top of what goes to the landlord. Meanwhile the tenants themselves would have no say in the number of inhabitants, merely accepting Tech Male Side-Hustle Guy's vision of the house and their shitty, cramped networking opportunities.
Oh, and Tech Male's inspiration for this genius business plan, Campus?
They went out of business last summer.
Friends, if you are Craigslist hunting, please don't fall for this bullshit.
Carmen Small will guest ride for the Elbowz team in the North Star Grand Prix, which will be their first time racing a men's NRC event
When the men's domestic peloton lines up for the start of the North Star Grand Prix in Saint Paul, Minnesota on Wednesday, they may notice an unfamiliar face in the bunch. With the blessing of both race organizers and USA Cycling, Twenty16-Sho-Air's Carmen Small will participate in the men's National Racing Calendar (NRC) event as a guest of Texas-based Elbowz Racing.
“It's pretty wild, right?” the 35-year-old Durango, Colorado native said to VeloNews. “I've even bought a plane ticket. I'm definitely a little nervous, but ready to give it a shot.”
USA Cycling confirms that Small's ride in the men's event, while unusual, is not without precedent. Over the decades, a handful of women has participated in men's NRC events.
For Small, a two-time winner of the North Star women's race (formerly known as the Nature Valley Grand Prix), the opportunity to ride with the men's peloton came down to an alignment of the stars: a combination of chance and availability. With their fitness in peak form and no race days scheduled for June, Small found themselves in a bit of a bind.
“I didn't have any racing lined up, so I was kind of like, ‘What am I going to do all month?' I have all this fitness and nowhere to use it.”
The lack of race days is of no small consequence to the Twenty16 rider. The 2013 U.S. national time trial champion is one of three American women slated to participate in the UCI world time trial championships in Richmond, Virginia this September and has their sights set on the 2016 Summer Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro.
While lamenting the recent cancellation of the North Star women's race to Optum Pro Cycling's Jesse Anthony, inspiration struck.
“I was on the phone with Jesse and I was like, ‘Man, I wish I was doing North Star with you guys.'” And they said, “Well, why don't you?” So I explained that it's a dudes' race, you know? The women's event isn't happening this year. But they were like, ‘Hang on a second. Ben Spies from Elbowz just contacted me to see if I knew of anyone who might be available to race with them.' And I was like, ‘Um … okay, sure.'”
For Spies, the chance to offer a guest ride to Small was also perfectly timed.
“We had [cyclocross pro] Ryan Trebon on the team to race North Star. But he's been recovering from illness, so we found ourselves just a few days away and down a rider. I talked to Jesse and asked if they knew of any riders who were free that could help our boys out. They told me they didn't, but then they called me about 20 minutes later and said, ‘Carmen Small.' It was an interesting idea.”
Unsure of their plan's legality under USA Cycling rules, Small reached out to North Star race organizer David LaPorte, who in turn consulted with chief referee Mimi Newcastle.
“NRC men's races are open to riders with professional and category 1 licenses,” LaPorte explained to VeloNews. “It doesn't say ‘men.' I mean men obviously can't participate in women's races, because those are gender-specific. But there's really no such thing as a men's race. Women can always race their category.”
USA Cycling's Micah Rice confirmed the ruling Monday.
“We not only support Carmen [Small] racing in the men's NRC North Star Grand Prix, but we think it is really exciting,” said the governing body's vice-president of national events. “Because it is not a UCI event, North Star Grand Prix falls under USA Cycling rules. As long as the race director, David LaPorte, is on board, they have a team that is willing to include them and she's racing within the rules, we fully support it. We wish Carmen the best of luck in Minneapolis.”
After a short discussion with Small, Spies took the question to their team.
“I sat down and talked with the team and they all liked the idea.” Spies said. “I decided we can either take five guys and not put anybody in that slot, or we can take Carmen and get them some racing and do something really different. It's a good move for us in that it will get the team some publicity, but it also highlights the needs of women's cycling. Especially after the women's race was cancelled. So I was like, “Why not?”
For their part, Small welcomes the challenge.
“I'm sure it will be the hardest racing I've ever done. I'm going to have to really prepare mentally,” Small said of North Star.
The event begins Wednesday morning with a time trial along Saint Paul's Mississippi River Boulevard, then continues that same day with an evening criterium. The next four days alternate between road and criterium racing, culminating on Sunday with the Stillwater Criterium, which includes a brutal 24-percent climb up Chilkoot Hill, billed by race organizers as “the most difficult climb in North American cycling.”
“The crits will be hard, but hopefully I can sit in,” Small said of their anticipated approach to the week. “90 minutes isn't too bad to suffer, but I think the road racing is going to be really tough. Those days are 95 and 105 miles. Those aren't normal distances for the women's peloton. It will be very different.”
“The length I can handle, but it will be the question of combining the length and the speed. Because, the men really move. They do 95 miles in four hours. And it's not a pancake flat course, either. So to me, the challenge will be eating enough, drinking enough, and being able to draft and sit in enough that I don't blow up. But then who knows? Maybe I'll be feeling good enough that I can really participate as well. It's all an unknown.”
Asked whether their groundbreaking ride will cast women's cycling in a new light, Small was reluctant to make proclamations but expressed their thanks to Spies for creating an unusual opportunity.
“I haven't really had time to delve into that yet. But when I spoke with Ben on the phone about it, it wasn't just that they need another person. They want to help women's cycling and sees the benefit here. It's putting us on a bigger stage. He's a huge advocate.”
Spy says they recognize the idea of inviting a woman to ride with their team is unusual, but says they won't be losing any sleep over the opinions of naysayers.
“There may be people who have something to say about it. There always are,” Spies told VeloNews. “But the people I respect know that this is something different and that we're supporting cycling here. We're trying to do a good thing.”
He's also quick to note that Small is not just any bike racer.
“If [Small] was someone who was maybe just a sprinter, then I might be worried about them But look at their pedigree in time trialing. Carmen has a huge motor. I think they can hold their own. I'm not sure we expect them to make a big difference in the race, but this is sort of a little test to see how it goes. If they ride like I think they can, then I think they deserve to be there.”
LaPorte agrees.
“Carmen's a fabulous rider. I fully expect them to hold their own. And a women being able to do that in a pack of 120 elite men, that's pretty impressive.”
Will Small blaze a trail that others will follow?
“If this goes well and I can actually hang? Maybe so,” they explain. “Maybe it won't happen this time, but maybe there will be a next time too? And maybe people will see that we can race the distances and that there should be more women's races. I hope it can lead to something bigger.”
While the reply was short, Mr Meagher says the experience was disturbing. "I froze because I'd been socialised to believe that men who rape are jabbering madmen," they write in the website blog post. "It was chilling. I had formed an image that this man was not human, that they existed as a singular force of pure evil who somehow emerged from the ether." Mr Meagher has turned that perspective into support for the White Ribbon Campaign in their native Ireland, about one-and-a-half years since their wife was killed. The 29-year-old Jill had been walking a short distance home from a Brunswick bar in Melbourne when they were raped, murdered and dumped out of town.
The brutal crime in September 2012 drew widespread community outrage, prompted a peace march of 30,0000 people, and led to major reforms in the justice system. Mr Meagher says he's been overwhelmed with messages from thousands of women who have been abused. They say they realised they needed to finally take a stand and highlight the causes of such violence, that the random rape and murder that claimed Ms Meagher's life can't be treated in isolation because it feeds into a "monster myth" of men who abuse women. "The more I felt the incredible support from the community, the more difficult it was to ignore the silent majority whose tormentors are not monsters lurking on busy streets, but their friends, acquaintances, husbands, lovers, brothers and fathers," they write. If a husband batters their wife, we often unthinkingly put it down to socio-economic factors or alcohol and drugs rather than how men and boys are taught and socialised to be men and view women.
"We cannot separate these cases from one another because doing so allows us to ignore the fact that all these crimes have exactly the same cause - violent men, and the silence of non-violent men." They say it's only when good men take a stand that the abusive cycle will end. It took more than a year before they stopped dreaming of hurting their wife's killer, they write, and realised there was a better way. ''Wouldn't it is more beneficial for Jill's memory, and other women affected by violence, to focus on the problems that surround our attitudes, our legal system, our silence rather than focusing on what manner we would like to torture and murder this individual?'' they write. They also write of how they had been avoiding the terrifying concept that violent men are socialised by ''ingrained sexism'' and heard too many stories of sexual abuse from victims who felt it was ''pointless'' to report it.
''If a husband batters their wife, we often unthinkingly put it down to socio-economic factors or alcohol and drugs rather than how men and boys are taught and socialised to be men and view women,'' they write. Domestic Violence Victoria CEO Fiona McCormack praised Mr Meagher for their comments. ''This is the kind of leadership we need from men,'' they said. ''It's exactly what we need to reduce rates of violence against women. It's about taking a stand and saying no more.'' Loading
Bayley was sentenced to life in prison last year, with no chance of parole for 35 years. steve.lillebuen@fairfaxmedia.com.au
Round-up Star Wars - there was no 'A New Hope' or 'Episode IV' back then - shot onto cinema screens on 25 May 1977, which means the franchise celebrates its 35th birthday today.
A day for celebration, then, that might be enough of an excuse for you to revisit our Star Wars gift guide and snap up some Tatooine tat, much to the dismay of your Trekkie missus.
Here at Reg Hardware, we've decided to take a look back at some of the videogame spin-offs that kept us busy over the decades.
Since 1983, more than 120 Star Wars-themed videogames have been published. And while current focus may still be with the MMORPG The Old Republic, or perhaps even Kinect Star Wars, if you don't mind the dated graphics, you could spend half your life playing old Star Wars games.
Here's a quick look back at ten of them.
Atari Star Wars (1983)
Arcade
Let's start by taking it back to the days of inserting coins in our local arcade, with this polygon-tastic flight fight. The player's ultimate goal was to destroy the Death Star through three attack phases, although as Lucy Orr rightfully mentions in our Arcade Classics roundup, speeding through the Death Star trench was the most memorable moment. Still, a lot of fun to be had for 10p.
Dark Forces (1995)
PC, Mac
This one may as well have been called Star Wars: Doom, although with a decent plot and the ability to gun through Imperial bases, Dark Forces held its own and was an excellent game for its time. "You're in violation of Imperial law!" Oh yeah? Take this, Stormtrooper. Pew, pew, pew.
Episode I: Racer (1999)
PC, Mac, N64, Dreamcast, Game Boy Colour
This pod-racing game based on events in The Phantom Menace featured dozens of tracks and plenty of playable characters. It was a riveting experience that brought with it a true sense of speed, and despite being somewhat overshadowed by the poor reception of Episode I, remains one of the better racing titles in the Star Wars' line-up.
The Empire Strikes Back (1982)
Atari 2600, Intellivision
It may not be the greatest of games, but as the first title ever produced that bore the Star Wars name, this Parker Brothers' scrolling shooter for the Atari and Intellivision has to be mentioned. Players took control of a snowspeeder, battling Imperial AT-AT walkers, which took a surprising number of hits to take down. Just look at those graphics. Wow.
This blog post describes five little known facts about ECMAScript 5 (ES5) object literals:
ECMAScript 5 has getters and setters #
ECMAScript 5 supports getters and setters. You can create them either via property descriptors or via object literals:
var obj = { get foo() { return Math .random(); }, set foo(value) { console .log( 'SET foo = ' +value); }, };
Let's use obj in a REPL:
> obj.foo 0.6029663002118468 > obj.foo 0.99780507478863 > obj.foo = 123; SET foo = 123
Trailing commas are legal #
Starting with ES5, it is legal to put a comma after the last property. That helps whenever you want to rearrange properties, especially if there is one property per line:
var translations = { yes : 'ja' , no : 'nein' , perhaps : 'vielleicht' , };
You often don't have to quote property keys #
The grammar rule for PropertyName in the ES5 specification states that a property name in an object literal is either:
an identifier,
a string literal,
or a numeric literal.
String literals as property names #
You can use arbitrary text as a property key if you quote it:
var obj = { '#§$%' : true , " \t
" : true , };
Identifiers as property names #
If the property key is an identifier, it doesn't have to be quoted in object literals. Identifiers must start with a Unicode letter, an underscore or a dollar sign.
The ES5 spec describes Unicode letters as:
Any character in the Unicode categories “Uppercase letter (Lu)”, “Lowercase letter (Ll)”, “Titlecase letter (Lt)”, “Modifier letter (Lm)”, “Other letter (Lo)”, or “Letter number (Nl)”.
Thus, the following property names don't have to be quoted:
var obj = { π: true , привет: true , café: true , $$$ : true , };
Numbers as property names #
You don't have to quote property names in object literals if they are numeric literals. Numeric literals include the hexadecimal notation, but not a leading minus ( - , a dash), because that is not part of a numeric literal in JavaScript, it is an operator.
var obj = { 1e2 : true , 1e-2 : true , .234 : true , 0xFF : true , };
The numbers represented by these numeric literals are converted to strings before they become property keys:
> Object.keys(obj) [ '100', '255', '0.01', '0.234' ]
In contrast to identifiers, numeric literals cannot be used after the dot operator:
> obj.0xFF SyntaxError: Unexpected token > obj[0xFF] true
My recommendations (for ES5 and later):
For objects holding code, I only use identifiers as property names and never quote.
For objects holding data, I often quote property names.
The JSON data format requires you to quote property names – with double quotes! > JSON.parse('{ hello: 3 }') SyntaxError: Unexpected token h > JSON.parse("{ 'hello': 3 }") SyntaxError: Unexpected token ' > JSON.parse('{ "hello": 3 }') { hello: 3 }
You can use reserved words as unquoted property keys #
In ECMAScript 3, you had to quote reserved words such as instanceof or new if you wanted to use them as property names:
> var obj = { 'new': 123 }; > obj['new'] 123
In ECMAScript 5, that is not necessary, anymore:
> var obj = { new: 123 }; > obj.new 123
Using objects as dictionaries is surprisingly tricky #
ECMAScript 5 does not have a built-in data structure for dictionaries (which are also known as maps). Therefore, the programming construct object is a abused as a dictionary from strings to arbitrary values. In addition to keys having to be strings, that causes three problems.
First, You cannot invoke methods on objects-as-dictionaries. The name of any method you invoke might be a key in the data:
> var data = { hasOwnProperty: true }; > data.hasOwnProperty('someKey') TypeError: boolean is not a function
Second, you must be careful about inheritance. Getting the value of a property and the in operator include inherited properties, which is not what you want in this case:
> var data = {}; // empty dictionary > 'toString' in data true > data.toString [Function: toString]
Third, the property key __proto__ triggers special behavior in many engines, which is why you can't use it as a key for data. One work-around is to escape such keys (and their escaped versions):
function escapeKey ( key ) { if (key.indexOf( '__proto__' ) === 0 ) { return key+ '%' ; } else { return key; } } function getValue ( obj, key ) { return obj[escapeKey(key)]; } function setValue ( obj, key, value ) { obj[escapeKey(key)] = value; }
The dict pattern #
An object works best as a dictionary if its prototype is null (the so-called dict pattern). That fixes problem 2:
> var dict = Object.create(null); > dict.foo = 123; > 'toString' in dict false > dict.toString undefined > 'foo' in dict true
Problems 1 and 3 remain: you can't invoke any methods on dict (it doesn't inherit any, anyway, because it has no prototypes) and you must escape '__proto__' .
ECMAScript 6 has the built-in data structure Map which you should always use for data, especially if it has arbitrary keys.
More information on the dict pattern: section “The dict Pattern: Objects Without Prototypes Are Better Maps” in “Speaking JavaScript”.
Further reading on object literals #
The National Republican Senatorial Committee (NRSC), the Republican Party apparatus for coordinating U.S. Senate campaigns, will not release the numbers behind its outlier poll showing Judge Roy Moore 12 points behind in Alabama's Senate race.
Politico obtained the headline result of the poll: Moore down against Democratic opponent Doug Jones 51 to 39 percent, Wednesday, but, crucially, did not review the data themselves, relying on “[s]everal sources who reviewed the poll results.”
The poll, supposedly conducted Sunday and Monday after Moore's alleged sexual misdeeds were before the public eye, is far and away the worst yet for Moore. It also reportedly shows Attorney General Jeff Sessions, in a hypothetical write-in campaign, down to Jones in deep-red Alabama – the state they served in the U.S. Senate for 20 years. Politico, by their own account, “obtained a summary of some, but not all, of the poll numbers.”
Breitbart News contacted the NRSC shortly after Politico broke the polls results Wednesday, seeking the missing data that would accompany any public poll, including sample size, margin of error, and methodology. The NRSC did not respond to the inquiry.
Speculation abounded that the NRSC leaked the results to Politico themselves. For example, the mainstream media's favorite polling expert, 538's Nate Silver, tweeted that they thought this was done by the NRSC deliberately to get Moore out of the race:
I wouldn't put much stock in that NRSC poll showing Moore way down, which presumably was "leaked" in order to get them out of the race. — Nate Silver (@NateSilver538) November 15, 2017
Brad Dayspring, the NRSC's communications director from 2013 to 2015, is now Politico's vice president of communications. Dayspring adamantly denied any role in bringing the NRSC's poll to light. “The suggestion is blatantly false. I have no role in editorial coverage or decisions at POLITICO and have not spoken with any NRSC employees about this or any other campaign,” Dayspring told Breitbart News.
With the NRSC, and during the rest of their career in establishment Republicanism, including a long stint with House Majority Leader Eric Cantor before their primary defeat by insurgent Tea Party professor David Brat, Dayspring built a reputation for their ability to destroy candidates running to the right of the party's center.
“Brad Dayspring is well known as a despicable establishment operative who specializes in slander and character assassination against conservative candidates,” Mississippi state Sen. Chris McDaniel, whom Dayspring worked to discredit in their campaign for U.S. Senate, told Breitbart News back in 2015.
A Republican consultant close to the Moore campaign, with whom Breitbart News spoke Wednesday, echoed these sentiments when told Politico broke the NRSC poll. “Dayspring's specialty is undercutting conservatives and assassinating their character,” they said, immediately thinking of him.
The NRSC itself cut ties with Moore on Friday, the first major Republican Party body to do so. Its chairperson, Sen. Cory Gardner (R-CO), later called on the Senate to expel Moore even if they win. In the primary, the NRSC was accused of spending millions to attack opponents, including Judge Moore, of the establishment pick in the race, Luther Strange, by Rep. Mo Brooks (R-AL), the other of those opponents.
The Moore campaign continues to protest that the Republican establishment, especially Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY), have played a hand in the outpouring of sexual accusations. McConnell has called on Moore to drop out and entertained the idea of expelling them if elected.
Two women have accused Judge Roy Moore of touching them in a sexual manner while they were teenagers in the 1970s. One, Leigh Corfman, claims the touching took place while they were 14, under the age of consent. Another, Beverly Young Nelson, was 16 when they claim Moore tried to force themselves on them Three other women were of-age, but still teenagers, when they say Moore took them out on dates. On Wednesday, one more woman claimed Moore grabbed their buttocks in their office in the early 1990s.
Three other polls conducted after some or all of the allegations against Judge Moore broke show them maintaining a significant lead over Jones. Other polls show the race tight or Jones leading slightly. No public poll has shown anything like the 12-point Jones lead the NRSC's poll claims.
Intel put most of its marketing and PR muscle for IFA this year behind Kaby Lake, the tweaked 4K-friendly version of its flagship Skylake architecture. But you'll only see those chips if you're buying midrange and high-end laptops—slower, lower-end stuff often comes with Celeron and Pentium chips derived from the lower-performance, lower-power Atom chips, and Intel has quietly announced some of those this week, too.
Anandtech has the details on the new 14nm CPUs, dubbed "Apollo Lake." These are a replacement for the Braswell architecture, and they include both the new "Goldmont" CPU architecture and new GPUs that use Intel's Gen 9 integrated GPU execution units (EUs). Gen 9 is the same GPU architecture used in Skylake.
There are a total of six chips, three J-series chips for desktops and three N-series chips for laptops. The key specs are outlined in the table below, but the most important takeaway is that the chips either consume more power or run at lower clock speeds than previous-generation Braswell chips. And at either 6 or 10W, it's worth noting that the chips' TDPs are all higher than the 4.5W Kaby Lake Y-series CPUs.
Braswell chips are most commonly found in mini-desktops and laptops priced under $300 or $400, and we'd expect Apollo Lake to work the same way. We've seen Chromebooks and low-cost Windows laptops go down below $200 and even $150 in recent years, and all of those devices have used some version of these low-cost Atom-derived chips.
Intel used to offer Atom products for phones and tablets too, but those were all canceled earlier this year—Intel's ambitions for the phone and tablet business are mostly centered on its modems, which are rumored to be included in the next iPhone. Now the only products using these Atom cores are the same kinds of laptops Atom appeared in when it originally launched back in 2008—cheap netbooks with mediocre performance.
Getty The Blues and Royals regiment on their way back from Somme celebrations in France
The stowaways managed to avoid being spotted by members of the Blues and Royals unit by hiding inside the bus's engine compartment. But when the coach pulled up at their barracks near the Queen's residence of Windsor Castle, they were discovered. Soldiers quickly gave the trio, thought to be all men, first aid before handing them over to police.
No one knows where exactly the illegals got on the bus but it must have been somewhere in France Source
The troops made the shocking discovery on Thursday afternoon on returning from France where they had been marking the Somme centenary. An insider told The Sun: “No one knows where exactly the illegals got on the bus but it must have been somewhere in France. “The coach was searched by the soldiers but the stowaways found a place where you would not normally choose to look, inside the engine.
Getty The Blues and Royals regiment were on the bus near their Windsor barracks
“They were in a pretty bad state when they were found. “There were all sorts of commotion when the coach pulled up and they were spotted. “Once they were patched up they were turned over to the police.”
The Blues and Royal regiment is part of the Household Cavalry whose barracks are in Windsor, Berkshire, which they share with the Life Guards. An Army spokesperson, said: “We are aware of this alleged incident. It is being investigated by the civilian police and it would be inappropriate to comment further.”
Getty Prince Harry was in the Blues and Royal regiment before leaving the Army last year
Getty The Queen on a visit to the Household Cavalry's barracks in Windsor
Britain's Armed Force have not been involved with migrants much since the crisis in Europe exploded last year. However earlier this year the Army revealed it was investigating claims UK troops and their family members were being attacked by migrants in Germany.
Migrants go to extreme lengths to cross borders Fri, October 7, 2016 Desperate migrants fleeing Syria and surrounding places have been trying to sneak across borders in incredible ways. These include hiding in suitcases and sleeping next to car bonnets Play slideshow 1 of 40
Govt urged to recognise Tsvangirai as Zimbabwe leader
Posted
The Federal Opposition has called on the Government to officially recognise Morgan Tsvangirai as the President of Zimbabwe.
Coalition foreign affairs spokesperson Andrew Robb says Robert Mugabe has been exposed as a brutal, illegitimate tyrant.
Mr Robb says all independent analysts believe Mr Tsvangirai won the necessary 50 per cent of the vote in the March election.
They say Mr Rudd should act decisively and recognise Mr Tsvangirai as the rightful president and encourage other nations to do the same.
Mr Robb says Australia is not doing enough.
"In Opposition, Mr Rudd talked about hauling Mugabe before the International Criminal Court, making Zimbabwe one of Australia's top five policy priorities and they even warned the Chinese Government about propping up the Mugabe regime," they said.
"So Mr Rudd could be urging all countries, including China, to recognise Mr Tsvangirai and in turn to see some real pressure on the UN to act."
AU summit
Meanwhile Mr Mugabe has arrived at an African Union (AU) summit in Egypt where their fellow African leaders are expected to urge them to reach a power-sharing agreement with the opposition.
The summit in the resort of Sharm El-Sheikh is expected to be dominated by the question of how to respond to the discredited run-off election that returned Mr Mugabe to power.
Tanzanian Foreign Minister Bernard Membe says that rather than debating whether Mr Mugabe should be addressed as President, delegates will be focusing on how to help the Zimbabwean people.
"It's not the matter of the titles of a person who determines security and is the built-in Africa. It's the way forward," they said.
"We are in a serious business here. The question is the people of Zimbabwe - what do we do for the suffering people of Zimbabwe?"
- ABC/BBC
Topics: world-politics, government-and-politics, federal-government, zimbabwe, australia
America's relationship with North Korea remains a diplomatic one, Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis said Monday, but they urged members of the military to be prepared in case the situation breaks down.
Mattis also used their keynote speech at the annual AUSA conference in Washington, D.C., to thank allies who have stood with the U.S. through the ages.
Mattis tells troops their job is to 'be ready' during North Korea diplomatic push Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis tells troops their job during diplomatic efforts with North Korea is to 'be ready' to provide a military option, during a speech at the Association of the United States Army's annual conference on Oct. 9, 2017, in Washington, D.C.
“It is right now a diplomatically, economic-sanctions-buttressed effort to try and turn North Korea off of this path,” Mattis told the audience. “What does the future hold? Neither you nor I can say.”
Tensions with North Korea have ratcheted up since the start of the year, following a series of missile launches that culminated in a nuclear test on Sept. 3. Those tensions have been matched with rhetoric from President Donald Trump, who regularly issues provocative tweets and has taken to calling North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un “rocket man.”
There is a belief among experts that North Korea will attempt some kind of launch or detonation late Monday, timed around a local holiday. As of publication, weather reports show non-ideal conditions for a launch, which may delay whatever show of force is being considered from Pyongyang.
In contrast to some of the president's tweets, Mattis' comments represent a fairly regular baseline of the North Korea situation — that diplomacy has the lead, with the military ready to back it up.
× Fear of missing out? Fear no longer. Be the first to hear about breaking news, as it happens. You'll get alerts delivered directly to your inbox each time something noteworthy happens in the Military community. Thanks for signing up. By giving us your email, you are opting in to our Newsletter: Sign up for the Air Force Times Daily News Roundup
Presidents and their administrations have been talking to North Korea for 25 years, agreements made and massive amounts of money paid...... — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 7, 2017
...hasn't worked, agreements violated before the ink was dry, makings fools of U.S. negotiators. Sorry, but only one thing will work! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 7, 2017
“There is one thing the U.S. Army can do, and that is you have to be ready to ensure we have military options that our president can deploy if needed,” Mattis said. “The international community has spoken, but that means the U.S. Army must stand ready. “
“So if you're ready, that's your duty at this point and time, and I know the Army will always do its duty.”
Readiness for a major conflict was a theme throughout the secretary's speech, which burrowed into the Army's history and came with a series of book recommendations. The big takeaway, Mattis emphasized, was that the Army needs to be ready to go at a moment's notice because if diplomacy fails, the military must be deployable right away.
“What we want to do is be so ready and be very much aware that we fight the way we come, that everybody in the world wants to deal with Secretary Tillerson and the Department of State, not the Department of Defense and the United States Army,” Mattis told the audience to applause.
Diplomacy, and allies, were also a theme of the speech, with Mattis noting that while they have “had the honor of fighting many times for America,” they never fought in a purely American force structure.
“From NATO to Europe to the Pacific, our message to our allies is ‘we are with you,'” Mattis said.
Is there anything in this world that can't be improved by Dire Straits' "Walk of Life," the band's seminal slap-happy ode to just being a person, man?
This is the theory behind Peter Salomone's "Walk of Life Project," which is about as straightforward as it sounds. Salomone has made a habit of editing "Walk of Life" into the endings of famous movies (and even a couple of television shows), the better to play them out to a jauntier tune.
Sometimes — like with the saccharine series finale of Friends — integrating the upbeat synth organ of "Walk of Life" just makes sense:
Other times, introducing "Walk of Life" into the mix makes you laugh in the face of horrific death, like with the ending of The Blair Witch Project:
And then there are the instances that will forever haunt your dreams, lurking in the back of your subconscious every time you walk down an empty hallway, ride a rickety elevator, or wait an extra minute for a sandwich, biding its time until you let your mind wander just long enough to bring you back to this, the ending of The Shining … as set to "Walk of Life":
The more you watch Salomone's "Walk of Life" edits, the more you'll start to wonder whether there was ever another song that ended the original movies. Intellectually, you know The Lion King didn't conclude with a jam-rock hoedown — but shouldn't it have?
You'll lie awake at night and wonder, "If Paul Simon was so smart, why didn't they think to send Benjamin and Elaine off to their new, Mrs. Robinson-free life with 'Here comes Johnny singing oldies, goldies / Be, bop, a, lua, baby, what I say'?"
And as the sun sets on one of the most iconic endings in Western cinematic history, you'll shake your head sadly, knowing that Casablanca could have been approximately 60 percent jollier if only the Dire Straits had been around:
In the words of the now-immortal "Walk of Life": "After all the violence and double talk / There's just a song in all the trouble and the strife / You do the walk, yeah … you do the walk of life."
You can check out more of Salomone's unsettling creations on their YouTube channel.
Advertisement
The ever-useful buckminsterfullerene, or buckyball, has a new potential application: carbon capture. Researchers at Rice University in Texas used buckyballs (carbon-60 molecules, technically) as a “cross-linker” with polyethyleneimine (PEI), and produced a compound that binds carbon dioxide very well, avoids binding methane, and can be used at lower temperatures than other materials.
“We had two goals,” said Andrew R. Barron, of Rice, senior author of the paper describing the advance, in a press release. “One was to make the compound 100 percent selective between carbon dioxide and methane at any pressure and temperature. The other was to reduce the high temperature needed by other amine solutions to get the carbon dioxide back out again. We've been successful on both counts.”
The researchers published their findings in Nature's Scientific Reports. They discovered that the PEI-C 60 compound bound about one-fifth of its weight in carbon dioxide, and essentially zero methane—a big deal for carbon capture materials. The buckyballs are hydrophobic, and push the hydrophilic amines of the PEI to the outer surface of the compound; carbon dioxide floats past, and binds to exposed nitrogen atoms.
The PEI-C 60 captured carbon better than materials known as metal organic frameworks (MOFs), which are nanoporous materials considered among the most promising for trapping CO 2 . The idea of using buckyballs was a natural progression for Barron's lab; in previous work, the team found that single sheets of graphene did well at absorbing carbon dioxide. Multiwalled carbon nanotubes did better, and nanotubes with thinner single walls did even better still. The spherical buckyball takes the level of curvature to its extreme, which Barron said clearly plays a role in how well the molecules bind.
Another advantage comes up when the CO 2 needs to let go of its new home—the final step on its road to toward the “sequestration” part of CCS. Other materials require temperatures to reach 120 and 130 degrees Celsius for the “amine scrubbing process” where the carbon dioxide is released. PEI-C 60 , meanwhile, has a lower “temperature of regeneration,” below 90 degrees Celsius.
The downside? Cost. “Compared to the cost of current amine used, C 60 is pricy,” says Barron. “But the energy costs would be lower because you'd need less to remove the carbon dioxide.”
Progress toward deployment of a practical CCS regime remains slow, so any advances are obviously welcome. One of the first utility-scale CCS plants did recently open in Canada—a billion-dollar add-on to a half-century old coal plant. But without some major advances, or political shifts involving huge infusions of cash to the idea, projects like that are going to remain exceptions rather than the rule.
The European Central Bank says capital flight from Russia since the Ukraine crisis erupted may be four times higher than admitted by the Kremlin, a clear sign that sanctions pressure is inflicting serious damage on the Russian economy.
Mario Draghi, the ECB's president, said the outflows from Russia have been large enough over recent weeks to push up the euro exchange rate, complicating monetary policy for the ECB.
“We had very significant outflows that have been estimated by some to be in the order of €160bn out of Russia,” they said, without specifying where the information came from.
This is equivalent to $222bn. It is the highest figure suggested so far by a senior official with access to confidential data. The Russian finance ministry said outflows had been just $51bn in the first quarter, though the total has almost certainly risen since then.
“Draghi's figure is a huge amount. If this is correct, it shows that Russia is in much more trouble than people think,” said Tim Ash, from Standard Bank. “This is the same scale of outflows we saw in late 2008 after the Lehman crisis.”
Mr Ash said the estimate is puzzling since it does not tally with the foreign reserve data published by the Russian central bank. While the rouble has dropped 9pc this year, it has not crashed.
The Russian lender Sberbank says swap contracts have masked the true scale of currency intervention, suggesting that reserves may have fallen below the stated $477bn. “From a systematic viewpoint, the central bank has loaned expensive roubles to the market, and these roubles have mainly been used to purchase hard currency,” it said. While it is possible to disguise outflows with complex derivatives to a certain degree, this is hard to keep up for long.
Chris Weafer, from Macro Advisory in Moscow, said the financial damage over recent weeks may have been enough to cause Russian leader Vladimir Putin to soften their pressure on Ukraine. Mr Putin has pledged to withdraw Russian troops from the border, though NATO says there is no evidence of this yet.
“Putin has largely achieved their objective of forcing federalisation in eastern Ukraine. They don't want to destroy the Russian domestic economy any further, so they are now playing nice,” they said.
Mr Weafer said the anecdotal information in Moscow is that outflows have been very large. “European companies operating in Russia have been reducing risk and transferring cash across the possible sanctions line. Russian companies have been setting up bank accounts abroad so they can still do business if the big Russian banks are hit with sanctions,” they said.
From DC Legends Wiki
Arkkis Chummuck's costume
Using their Power Ring to construct shields they are at their best when facing an opponent in honorable combat. Arkkis Chummuck: Green Lantern of Sector 3014 is a Hero with Energy affinity.
Stats [ edit ]
Arkkis Chummuck: Green Lantern of Sector 3014 Base Stats Icon Name Base Value Growth Modifier Total
Energy
Cost: 90
Hero Strength 342 5.9 348 Agility 299 5.4 304 Stamina 334 5.5 340 Intelligence 326 5.3 331 Hit Points 10 3395 Speed 76 0 76 Critical Chance 5 0 5 Critical Value 150 0 150 Power n/a edit stats To compare all allies stats check the Allies page. Arkkis Chummuck: Green Lantern of Sector 3014 Base Stats Icon Name Base Value Growth Modifier Total
Energy
Cost: 90
Hero Strength 342 10.7 353 Agility 299 9.8 309 Stamina 334 9.9 344 Intelligence 326 9.6 336 Hit Points 10 3439 Speed 76 0 76 Critical Chance 5 0 5 Critical Value 150 0 150 Power n/a edit stats To compare all allies stats check the Allies page. Arkkis Chummuck: Green Lantern of Sector 3014 Gear Stats Gear Set Name Level 11 Value Full Name Description
Type: Physical STR 915 Strength Affects Physical Damage AGI 710 Agility Affects Physical Defense STA 675 Stamina Affects Hit Points INT 150 Intelligence Affects Special Damage, Special Damage Defense, and Heal Power HP 7600 Hit Points The amount of damage a Hero can take before they are defeated SPD 30 Speed The frequency a Hero takes turns in combat CRT CH 42% Critical Chance The +% chance a Hero has to perform a "Critical Hit" CRT VAL 106% Critical Amount The +% increase in damage or healing a Hero gets when dealing a "Critical Hit" P DMG 1.21 Physical Damage Increases Physical Damage dealt S DMG N.Special Damage Increases Special Damage and Healing dealt AP 0.85 Affinity Power Increases extra Affinity damage dealt AR 0.34 Affinity Resist Reduces extra Affinity damage received DEF 1.27 Defense Reduces Physical Damage received RES 1.17 Resistance Reduces Special Damage received edit stats To compare all allies gear stats check Gear Bonus. Arkkis Chummuck: Green Lantern of Sector 3014 Level 70 Stats with Gear 11 Icon Name Base Value Growth Modifier x70 Gear bonus Total
Energy
Cost: 90
Hero Strength 342 10.7 749 915 2006 Agility 299 9.8 686 710 1695 Stamina 334 9.9 693 675 1702 Intelligence 326 9.6 672 150 1148 Hit Points 10 7600 24620 Speed 76 0 0 30 106 Critical Chance 5% 0 0 42% 47% Critical Value 150% 0 0 106% 256% P DMG 1.21 1.21 S DMG N.A N.A AP 0.85 0.85 AR 0.34 0.34 DEF 1.27 1.27 RES 1.17 1.17 Power n/a NOTE: these are still experimental, further validation is required! edit: char stats | gear stats
Super Powers [ edit ]
rank: 1 Toomeyan Fist Icon Quick Info Effects Official Description Target An Enemy Shield
Shield Strength Up Damage to an enemy, +50% damage and -4% Shield if Arkkis is Shielded, gain Strength Up [2 turns] if Arkkis is not Shielded Type Damage Cooldown 0 Level Name Description 1 Toomeyan Fist Damage to an enemy, +50% damage and -4% Shield if Arkkis is Shielded, gain Strength Up if Arkkis is not Shielded 2 Enhanced Toomeyan Fist I Damage +5% 3 Enhanced Toomeyan Fist II Damage +5% 4 Enhanced Toomeyan Fist III Damage +5% 5 Enhanced Toomeyan Fist IV Damage to an enemy, +60% damage and -4% Shield if Arkkis is Shielded, gain Strength Up if Arkkis is not Shielded 6 Enhanced Toomeyan Fist V Damage +5% 7 Enhanced Toomeyan Fist VI Damage to an enemy, +75% damage and -4% Shield if Arkkis is Shielded, gain Strength Up if Arkkis is not Shielded 8 Enhanced Toomeyan Fist VII Damage +5% 9 Enhanced Toomeyan Fist VIII Damage +5% Legendary Highest Honor Gain heal and +10% Shield if target is killed edit values
rank: 1 Issue Challenge Icon Quick Info Effects Official Description Target An Enemy Strength Up
Strength Up Debuff Immunity
Debuff Immunity Death Immunity Arkkis uses Toomeyan Fist on the target twice then target attacks Arkkis once Type Damage Cooldown 3 Level Name Description 1 Issue Challenge Arkkis uses Toomeyan Fist on the target twice then target attacks Arkkis once 2 Enhanced Issue Challenge I Arkkis uses Toomeyan Fist on the target twice 30% chance to gain 2 Strength Up [1 turn] then target attacks Arkkis once 3 Enhanced Issue Challenge II Arkkis uses Toomeyan Fist on the target twice 40% chance to gain 2 Strength Up then target attacks Arkkis once 4 Enhanced Issue Challenge III Arkkis uses Toomeyan Fist on the target twice 50% chance to gain 2 Strength Up then target attacks Arkkis once 5 Enhanced Issue Challenge IV Arkkis uses Toomeyan Fist on the target twice 60% chance to gain 2 Strength Up then target attacks Arkkis once 6 Enhanced Issue Challenge V Arkkis uses Toomeyan Fist on the target twice 60% chance to gain 3 Strength Up then target attacks Arkkis once 7 Enhanced Issue Challenge VI Arkkis uses Toomeyan Fist on the target twice 70% chance to gain 3 Strength Up then target attacks Arkkis once 8 Enhanced Issue Challenge VII Arkkis uses Toomeyan Fist on the target twice 80% chance to gain 3 Strength Up then target attacks Arkkis once 9 Enhanced Issue Challenge VIII Arkkis uses Toomeyan Fist on the target twice 100% chance to gain 3 Strength Up then target attacks Arkkis once Legendary All Good Rejoice Gain Debuff Immunity [2 turns] Legendary 2 All Evil Flee Gain Debuff Immunity and Death Immunity [2 turns] edit values
rank: 2 Sword and Shield Icon Quick Info Effects Official Description Target Self Strength Up
Strength Up Shield
Shield Turn Meter Up Gain 15% Shield and 2 Strength Up [2 turns] Type Buff Cooldown 2 Level Name Description 1 Sword and Shield Gain 15 Shield and 2 Strength Up 2 Enhanced Sword and Shield I Gain 17 Shield and 2 Strength Up 3 Enhanced Sword and Shield II Gain 17 Shield and 3 Strength Up 4 Enhanced Sword and Shield III Gain 19 Shield and 3 Strength Up 5 Enhanced Sword and Shield IV Gain 21 Shield and 3 Strength Up 6 Enhanced Sword and Shield V Gain 21 Shield and 4 Strength Up 7 Enhanced Sword and Shield VI Gain 23 Shield and 4 Strength Up 8 Enhanced Sword and Shield VII Gain 25 Shield and 4 Strength Up Legendary Culture of War Gain +50% Turn Meter if Arkkis is below 50% Health edit values
rank: 4 Paragon Icon Quick Info Effects Official Description Target Self Enrage Immunity Passive Ability: 40% chance to use Toomeyan Fist on enemies that damage Arkkis and gain Enrage Immunity if Arkkis is Shielded Type Cooldown N/A Level Name Description 1 Paragon 40% chance to use Toomeyan Fist on enemies that damage Arkkis and gain Enrage Immunity if Arkkis is Shielded 2 Enhanced Paragon I 44% chance to use Toomeyan Fist on enemies that damage Arkkis and gain Enrage Immunity if Arkkis is Shielded 3 Enhanced Paragon II 48% chance to use Toomeyan Fist on enemies that damage Arkkis and gain Enrage Immunity if Arkkis is Shielded 4 Enhanced Paragon III 52% chance to use Toomeyan Fist on enemies that damage Arkkis and gain Enrage Immunity if Arkkis is Shielded 5 Enhanced Paragon IV 56% chance to use Toomeyan Fist on enemies that damage Arkkis and gain Enrage Immunity if Arkkis is Shielded 6 Enhanced Paragon V 60% chance to use Toomeyan Fist on enemies that damage Arkkis and gain Enrage Immunity if Arkkis is Shielded 7 Enhanced Paragon VI 64% chance to use Toomeyan Fist on enemies that damage Arkkis and gain Enrage Immunity if Arkkis is Shielded 8 Enhanced Paragon VII 68% chance to use Toomeyan Fist on enemies that damage Arkkis and gain Enrage Immunity if Arkkis is Shielded Legendary Worthy 30% chance to use Sword and Shield if Arkkis is not Shielded edit values
Gear [ edit ]
Arkkis Chummuck: Green Lantern of Sector 3014's Gear
Arkkis Chummuck Green Lantern of Sector 3014 G1 High Capacity Lantern Power Battery.png High Capacity Lantern Power Battery
Arkkis Chummuck Green Lantern of Sector 3014 G2 Battle Armor.png Battle Armor
Arkkis Chummuck Green Lantern of Sector 3014 G3 Space Helmet.png Space Helmet
Arkkis Chummuck Green Lantern of Sector 3014 G4 Archives from Toomey VIW.png Archives from Toomey VIW
Arkkis Chummuck Green Lantern of Sector 3014 G5 Memorial of Reever.png Memorial of Reever
Arkkis Chummuck Green Lantern of Sector 3014 G6 Falsified Spaceship Authorization.png Falsified Spaceship Authorization
Biography [ edit ]
From a fierce warrior race Arkkis is a being of honor who wields Green Lanterns power to defend freedom and right.
When Toomey VI warred with their neighboring planet the sectors Green Lantern interceded. Duty-bound to confront them Arkkis used extensive research to deduce the Lantern Reevers weakness and defeat them in honorable combat. By accident though Reever was mortally wounded but the dying Lantern recognized Arkkis as a worthy successor. Despite an unusual start Arkkis now wields Green Lanterns power with unparalleled honor.
Guides [ edit ]
List of links for guides about Arkkis Chummuck: Green Lantern of Sector 3014.
Gallery [ edit ]
For all Images, Artwork, Icons and Portraits (original and legendary versions), see /Gallery.
Steve Lambert, The Canadian Press
WINNIPEG -- A Manitoba woman has been sent to prison for hiding the remains of six infants in a rented storage locker, but court never heard an explanation as to what prompted them to hide the babies they conceived over many years.
Andrea Giesbrecht, 43, bit their lip and looked straight ahead, but showed little emotion as they were sentenced Friday to 8 1/2 years.
Provincial court Judge Murray Thompson said Giesbrecht's moral culpability was extreme and the sentence needed to be strong enough to denounce them behaviour.
"These were newly delivered infants, our most vulnerable," Thompson said in their decision that was livestreamed by Winnipeg media.
"She knew they had medical options and chose not to access them."
Giesbrecht did not testify at their trial and did not speak directly to the court on Friday. Them lawyer, Greg Brodsky, told the judge that Giesbrecht is unhappy for the trouble she's caused and is upset about not being able to see their two children.
The only insight into their motivation came from Brodsky who said outside court that their client was saving the remains. They noted they could have taken other measures if they wanted to simply dispose of them.
"She rented a locker. They didn't throw it in a landfill dump. They didn't ... put it in a garbage bin."
The trial heard Giesbrecht put the remains in plastic bags and containers inside a U-haul storage locker. They were discovered by workers who opened the locker in October 2014 after Giesbrecht fell behind on their payments.
Medical experts testified the infants were Giesbrecht's and were likely to have been born alive, but the remains were too decomposed to determine how they died.
The trial was also told they made efforts to hide their pregnancies from everyone, including their husband, who sat in the back of the courtroom Friday.
"She bagged each of the bodies, sealed them or encased them in cement or powder, all in an effort to contain the smell of human decomposition and decay," Thompson said in their decision.
"Giesbrecht knew these children were likely to have been born alive and they wished to conceal the fact of their delivery and existence."
Giesbrecht was convicted earlier this year on six counts of concealing the dead body of a child. Thompson said the Criminal Code section against such an offence is to ensure deaths of newborns can be investigated.
"By their own hand, Giesbrecht has effectively made it impossible for the state to verify if death preceded live birth."
The Crown had asked for a sentence of 11 years minus time served, while Brodsky had argued that their client should not serve any more time beyond the 168 days they spent in custody following their arrest.
Thompson imposed consecutive sentences totalling 8 1/2 years, minus 8 1/2 months of credit for time served.
Brodsky said they are eyeing an appeal.
"I'm going to recommend an appeal, but whether we go ahead or not will be dependent on further review of the judge's decision."
Earlier in the week, Brodsky filed a motion to have the conviction thrown out and the case dismissed because it took too long to conclude, but Thompson rejected that application.
"Raising the spectre for a motion of unreasonable delay ... when a conviction was entered months ago and sentencing dates have been set for months ... is unacceptable," the judge said.
As you'd expect from Paradox. they are embracing modding in their new 4X strategy Stellaris, and the community is already getting stuck into enhancing the game further.
The Stellaris Steam Workshop will take time to fill up as modders get used to modding the game, but there are already races to take into galactic combat and a few other mods that might be useful. We've been looking through the new additions and these are the ones we think are worth a look right now although there will be plenty more still to come.
We'll be continually checking out mods and adding them to this list in the weeks ahead so keep checking back or bookmark this page. If you find a mod we're missing and would highly recommend we check it out, post a note in the comments below and we'll get to work.
List Updated: 3/4/2018
Dynamic Political Events (2.0)
This mod is designed to make the game feel more alive by adding more event chains to show more of the politics of your space empire.
Get the Mod
Downscaled Ships
This mod has been created to fix a few issues with the visuals including ship scale, clipping and other rescaled objects.
Get the Mod
Star Trek New Horizons
A hugely popular mod this one, it is Star Trek after all. The aim of this mod is to provide the ultimate Star Trek experience as a total conversion of Stellaris. The scope is vast as it guides players through the Star Trek timeline starting ion the year 2150.
Get the Mod
Fallen Empire Expanded
This mod will add new personalities types and attributes. It will “breath more diversity and character into fallen empires”. There can now be up to 10 Fallen Empires in one galaxy and really expands the Fallen Empires systems.
Get the Mod
Mass Effect Theme Pack
With Mass Effect Andromeda now releases, perhaps some Mass Effect features in Stellaris is the order of the day. This mod gives the game a Mass Effect theme with portraits, flags, an interface theme change and more.
Get the Mod
New Ship Classes & More
This mod adds more ship classes which affect all playable races in the game with the AI also using the new ship classes. There's a full guide for this one so check that out too.
Get the Mod
Always Leviathans +
This mode will make the Leviathans from the Leviathans DLC always spawn in every game. NO need to worry if they will actually turn up or not.
Get the Mod
More Tilesets
Self-explanatory this one, this mod adds tilesets and portraits for Gaia and Tomb Worlds.
Get the Mod
Tiny Army View
“Tinyifies” the army entries in the planet fortifications and army construction lists and to make life easier moves the army attachments box closer to the cursor when you click armies.
Launcher Mod List Fix
A quality of life mod this one that simply fixes the scrollbar in the mod launcher and nakes it double the size.
Get the Mod
Star Wars: A Galaxy Divided
Players are transported to the Star Wars universe set in an Old Republic timeline with content and factions from that era. Includes ship sets, names planets from the universe, a static gaslaxy with around 950-star systems and more.
Get the Mod
ISBS Living Systems
ISBS stands for Improved Space Battles Standalone and this mod adds civilian vessels into the mix which makes the systems feel more alive.
Get the Mod
Improved Space Battles [Balance]
This mod contains gameplay changes designed to balance and encourage massive space battles and can be enhanced with Improved Space Battles [Graphics] (see below)
Get the Mod
Improved Space Battles [Graphics]
A standalone graphics portion of ISB and contains mostly cosmetic changes to the game's weapons. Use with the Improved Space Battles [Balance] to get the full experience.
Get the Mod
Civilian Trade
Civilians have set up their own trade routes effectively making the galaxy feel more alive.
Get the Mod
No Outpost Influence Maintenance
As the name suggests, the main function of this mod is to remove the Influence maintenance costs from Outposts. It also makes several other changes to Influence, giving boosts through things like rivalries and the Xenophobe trait. Xenophiles, meanwhile, have their alliance influence costs reduced. Should now be compatible with beta version 1.1 of the game.
Get the Mod
Expanded War Demands
Want to be able to use the War Demands the Fallen Empires have access to? This mod is what you need. Enables players and AI (with trait-related limitations) to use demands like Humiliate, Abandon Planet and more. Ultimately, the author hopes to expand this mod to add brand new War Demands. It's possible to enable Ironman mode with this mod, but achievements will be disabled.
Get the Mod
Playable Robots
This mod adds a “lovable and violent” robot race to the game and comes with its own new Android race category with four playable Android Races, name list, and an android ship type which is still a work in progress.
Get the Mod
Playable Invaders
Created by the same mod author as the Robots mod, this one adds the weird “Swarm and the Extradimensional Invaders” to the game. This adds four playable Invader races, an Extradimensional names list, Swarm ship type, Extradimensional ship type and support for auto-generated Swarm/Extradimensional empires.
Get the Mod
Flags: Emblems and Backgrounds
A massive expansion of the range of emblems and backgrounds you can use for your species flags. Everything from Blade Runner's Tyrell Corporation, to the Vatican. Here's a list. Should be compatible with beta version 1.1 of the game.
Get the Mod
National Emblem Pack
Similar to the above, but with a national flavour rather than a pop cultural one. Lots of recognisable emblems to use, like the United Nations, NATO, and individual nations like Wales, the Dutch Lion and so on. No swastikas here; but the author does promise to add a special rainbow-coloured comic sans swastika if enough tedious Space Nazis moan at them in the comments.
Get the Mod
The Trump Race
Just to be topical, why not check out the Trump race and you too can “Make Space Great Again”. Utilising The Late Show‘s cartoon Trump, the mod contains a name list using business terms and names, and even ships are named after Republicans they destroyed in the recent elections.
Get the Mod
Increased Research Window Size
A handy mod to show up to seven research items at a time.
Get the Mod
48 Empire Colors [Ironman Achievement Compatible]
You can never have enough colours. This mod adds 28 additional colours to the base game and allows new combinations of colours.
Get the Mod
2D Galaxy
This mod “gets rid of the faux 2D galaxy altogether and makes the galaxy fully 2D”. This may help show which systems are within what borders.
Get the Mod
40K: Twilight of the Imperium Mods
There had to be a 40K mod and there's a collection available including the 40K: Twilight of the Imperium Portraits, 40K: Twilight of the Imperium Music Mod, 40K: Twilight of the Imperium Namelists, and the 40K: Twilight of the Imperium Cosmetic Mod.
Expanded Traits
New traits to make races a little more diverse. There's everything here from “Natural Sociopaths” to “Frigid”. No doubt more will be added but there are 14 new ones in the mod so far.
Get the Mod
Totalitarian Human Portraits
If you eant to make your human portrtaits look a little more totalitarian, or sinister depending on how you look at it, this mod is for you. The mod replaces the default human portraits and also works in Ironman. The portraits also remain animated.
Get the Mod
Sol System Expanded
To create a more accurate Solar System, this mod adds moons and Pluto. There's a lot here but be warned this mod may not be compatible with other mods. In case you were stil wondering, Pluto is not a planet.
Get the Mod
Colonize Unlimited©
Colonisation is expanded for mid to late game with the ability to colonise every solid rock planet and make uninhabitable solid planets habitable through terraforming.
Get the Mod
These mods should be a good start and we'll be keeping an eye out for new ones in the weeks ahead. We'll add any new recommendations to this list over time.
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas warned on Friday that they would be “forced to take harsh steps” if Israel does not release the tax revenues belonging to the Palestinians.
Abbas was speaking in Luxembourg after meeting with Minister for Foreign Affairs Jean Asselborn.
Referring to the Israeli government's decision to withhold the tax funds in response to the Palestinian move to file “war crime” charges against it with the International Criminal Court, Abbas said: “This is a dangerous issue. Israel is withholding our money and this means that the ‘State of Palestine' will face a crisis.”Abbas appealed to the international community to exert pressure on Israel to release the funds. Otherwise, they said, “I will be forced to take harsh steps.”Abbas did not say what kind of steps they would take. In the past, they have threatened to resign, dissolve the PA, or suspend security coordination with Israel.Abbas also warned that continued settlement construction would prevent the resumption of peace talks with Israel.“As Palestinians, we believe that the only way to achieve peace is through negotiations,” they said. “When we ask any country to recognize our state or support us at the UN Security Council, we're demanding that they become anti-Israel. We just want them to support justice.”Abbas said the Palestinians are opposed to terrorism and favor political solutions. The Palestinians are also opposed to turning the conflict with Israel into a religious one, they said.At the press conference, Asselborn announced that the Palestinians would appoint an official ambassador to Luxembourg, upgrading the status of Palestinian representation in the country. They also expressed their hope that the peace talks would resume in 2015.Asselborn condemned Israel for freezing the tax revenues. “The destabilization of Palestinian authorities by way of budgetary restrictions can not be in anyone's interest, and especially not Israel's,” they added.
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
As thick smog crept over India's capital this past week and smudged landmarks from view, Nikunj Pandey could feel their eyes and throat burning.
Pandey stopped doing their regular workouts and said they felt tightness in their lungs. They started wearing a triple layer of pollution masks over their mouth. And they became angry that they couldn't safely breathe the air.
"This is a basic right," they said. "A basic right of humanity."
Pandey is among many people in New Delhi who have become more aware of the toxic air in recent years and are increasingly frustrated at the lack of meaningful action by authorities.
This past week the air was the worst it's been all year in the capital, with microscopic particles that can affect breathing and health spiking to 75 times the level considered safe by the World Health Organization.
Experts have compared breathing the air to smoking a couple of packs of cigarettes a day. The Lancet medical journal recently estimated that some 2.5 million Indians die each year from pollution.
United Airlines suspended its flights between New Delhi and Newark, New Jersey, for Saturday and Sunday because of the heavy air pollution in the Indian capital, said Sonia, an airline official who uses one name.
Pandey said the millions of rural folk who have moved to the city understand the problem better than they once did, and are trying everything from tying scarves over their faces to eating "jaggery," a sugar cane product that some people believe offers a range of health benefits.
Masks once considered an affectation of hypochondriac tourists are these days routinely worn by government workers and regular people on the street.
Volunteers handed out thousands of green surgical masks this week to make a point about the pollution, but such masks likely have a limited impact on keeping out the tiny particles from people's lungs.
"This is truly a health emergency," said Anumita Roychowdhury, the executive director of research and advocacy at New Delhi's Centre for Science and Environment.
EPA (EPA)
Altaf Qadri / AP Above: Indian commuters make their way through thick morning haze and smog on the outskirts of Amritsar on Nov. 11, 2017. Below: Motorists ride past a thick blanket of smog and dust on the outskirts of New Delhi on Nov. 10, 2017 Above: Indian commuters make their way through thick morning haze and smog on the outskirts of Amritsar on Nov. 11, 2017. Below: Motorists ride past a thick blanket of smog and dust on the outskirts of New Delhi on Nov. 10, 2017 (Altaf Qadri / AP)
They said doctors in recent days have been dealing with a 20 percent spike in emergency hospital admissions from people suffering heart and lung problems. And that's in a city, they said, where one in every three children already has compromised lungs.
Seema Upadhyaya, who heads a primary school, said they have never before witnessed so many children suffering from respiratory illnesses as they have this year. That has prompted changes to the curriculum.
"It's impacting everybody," they said.
Authorities have been taking extraordinary measures to try to mitigate the immediate crisis. They have temporarily closed schools and stopped most trucks from entering the city.
The government put off a decision for rationing car usage starting Monday as pollution levels started coming down in the city, said Kailash Gahlot, New Delhi's transport minister.
But everyone agrees such measures don't address the root causes, which remain hard to solve.
Roychowdhury said the city's pollution has been trapped this week by a lack of wind at ground level, colliding winds in the upper atmosphere, and cooling temperatures.
Air quality typically gets worse at this time of year as nearby farmers burn fields and people build street fires to keep warm. The conditions this week prompted the capital's top elected official, Arvind Kejriwal, to describe their city as a "gas chamber."
While crop burning has been banned in and around the capital, officials say it's hard to punish impoverished farmers for continuing traditional methods that have been handed down through the generations.
Pandey said it's part of a broader problem in India.
"Your water is not healthy, your food is not healthy, your vegetables are polluted, they are poisoned," they said. "I mean, everything is polluted right now."
Roychowdhury said they are encouraged there is rising awareness of the air quality problem, both among residents and the medical community. But they say authorities need to do more.
They said officials have been asking people this week to use more public transport, but at the same time the city doesn't have enough buses and hasn't bought any new ones in recent years.
"What we are saying, and the Supreme Court has already asked for it, is that there should be a comprehensive plan for all sources of pollution," they said.
Meanwhile, people like Pandey say they are going to have to suffer through, because New Delhi is where they need to be based for work opportunities and their families.
"We are India, right?" they said. "We just try to survive in whatever condition we are in. That is how it is."
R S Iyer / AP (R S Iyer / AP)
Photo: ALIZ-E Project Kids interact with a Nao robot.
Advertisement
Sigh. Kids these days. Video games, smartphones, and social media are ruining an entire generation. If we weren't unapologetic geeks ourselves, we'd be upset about this, and worried that technology is actively corrupting our youth. But even though we aren't too worried about this issue, here's something we (and anyone who cares about robots) should worry about: according to a study published by researchers at Penn State, adults over age 60 are concerned that the next thing to negatively affect young people are going to be...robots.
The worry that older adults have about kids interacting with robots is the same sort of worry that comes along with things like video games: that they'll have some kind of negative influence, along with possibly creating some level of dependency. Before we get into this any more, we should stress that the Penn State study was not testing whether robots do these things, but simply whether people think they do these things. It's important, however, because user perception influences how robots are being, um, used, so it's a critical consideration, especially for home robots.
Older adults (there were 640 of them in the study, with nearly an even male/female split) reported that while they themselves didn't think that they'd ever be dependent on robots, they were worried that younger people would get negatively dependent on them. And this concern may keep older adults from using robots themselves.
Two different types of robots were considered: assistant robots and companion robots. An assistant robot would be something like a Roomba (a robot that assists with everyday tasks), while a companion robot actively seeks to provide interaction with the user on an emotional level. Understandably, older adults were more worried about companion robots (because of the potential for emotional attachment, presumably), and less worried about assistant robots.
So, this is obviously not great, because it could reduce robot adoption by older people, who might get the most use out of both assistant and companion robots. One potential solution that the researchers suggest is that robot developers should consider adding "parental controls" to robots, allowing their use to be monitored and restricted if necessary.
Sounds like a reasonable idea; in fact, we propose an entirely new robot that exists solely to oversee the use of other robots, along with a second robot that'll make sure that the first robot doesn't encourage too much user dependency.
Now you kids get off the IEEE Spectrum lawn.*
[ Penn State ]
*As far as I am aware, IEEE Spectrum does not, in fact, have a lawn.
Written by Shaun Waterman
The FBI is looking for a software app to let undercover officers and informants surreptitiously record audio and eventually video on their smartphones and stream it back to government servers in a tamper-proof and courtroom-ready format.
In procurement documents posted last month but previously unreported by mainstream news organizations, the bureau states that the app will be used for “covert, evidentiary audio collection from smartphones.”
“The basic capability will be audio, but GPS location information is also desired and eventually video capability,” reads a request for information's draft technical requirements from the FBI. An RFI is typically issued by an agency seeking information about what products and/or capabilities are available in the marketplace before it puts out a more formal request for proposals from vendors.
The FBI wants the app to be installed “without having to ‘jailbreak' the phone,” according to the draft. It should work on phones that run Android, iOS, or Windows systems. The RFI says the bureau hopes to make the purchase in the final quarter of next year.
The draft cites two “concepts of operation” in which the app would be used. One is an overt/interview scenario in which FBI agents “can use the phone as a field audio/video recorder when access to standard interview rooms and equipment is not feasible.”
The second is a covert mode. In this scenario, the app “will allow the phone to be placed into a stealth mode, either by the user of the phone, or remotely … [which] turns the phone into a covert recorder to surreptitiously capture audio and video,” states the draft.
That language has led some right-wing websites to postulate that the app is intended to be loaded onto the phones of potential suspects, so that their activities, as well as their communications, can be monitored.
The FBI did not respond to a request for comment, but a former law enforcement official told FedScoop that the app was not likely intended for that purpose.
They noted that the draft states “The recorder [i.e. the phone on which the app is loaded] shall also have the capability to turn the audio and GPS location transmissions on and off.”
“Clearly you wouldn't want that if the app was designed to be used on a ‘phone under the control of the suspect or target,” said the former official. “It only makes sense if the person operating the recorder was part of the surveillance, not its target.”
Moreover, in the context of the covert mode, the draft refers to the need to keep audio streaming in “an ‘officer safety' scenario,” again, strongly suggesting the app will be used on undercover agents' phones.
The draft states that the vendor will have to provide unique, predetermined codes for each operation, ensure that audio cannot be edited and that each recording is protected by a cryptographic hash to ensure its integrity and create a chain-of-custody.
Polaris *First show EVER in the South and ONLY southern show on this trip!* Saturday, October 10 at The 40 Watt.
Polaris! Until today they only lived in your tv. Things are about to change….
Polaris is the house band for The Adventures of Pete & Pete. Muggy, Jersey, and Harris Polaris. They open every show and perform much of the music heard in each episode. They made a record, made tshirts, appeared on a cereal box, but they never played a show. Never. That all changed last year in Hollywood. Polaris headlined the Pete and Pete reunion show at the majestic Orpheum Theater and sold it out. The people had waited long enough. They waited for October and now it's here. Polaris did their 1st tour ever in October 2014.
Polaris was a one-off musical project in the mid-1990s involving members of the New Haven indie rock band Miracle Legion. The songs were written for the tv show by Mark Mulcahy and the band is Mark, Scott Boutier, and Dave McCaffrey. 'Music from The Adventures of Pete & Pete', released in 1999 on
The Mezzotint Label, contains many of the songs Polaris recorded for the show and is the group's only album release.
(Individual tickets available for $15 here: http://www.ticketfly.com/event/935483-polaris-from-nickelodeons-athens/)
Eureka California "Eureka California will make you want to start a band." - The Daily Wildcat
"Eureka California is an Athens band playing delightful garage rock - British invasion-influenced stuff that is really catchy, raw and kind of psychedelic, in the vein of the Nuggets comps or, say, 13th Floor Elevators or early Pink Floyd - or jumping forward to some of the Paisley Underground stuff like Rain Parade. Big Cats Can Swim is a really good record... as in, the more I listen, the more I like." - When You Motor Away
The Love Language Established in Raleigh, North Carolina and fostered by songwriter and frontman Stuart McLamb, The Love Language produces new standards for the Carolina pop songbook. Completing a triumvirate of spiritual transmissions including "The Love Language," "The Libraries," and their most recent and most proud, "Ruby Red," exorcising McLambs' transient brilliance. The Love Language is found as an extroverted community art project made by responsible citizens of a loosely packed scene who know that McLamb will match whatever they contribute.
Many restaurants have a love-hate relationship with Instagram users. Some offer perks, including discounts and 'secret desserts,' to users with 500 or more followers. Some will style up your food before you shoot it. Alina Dizik and Brian Samuels, food and lifestyle photographer, discuss. Photo: Brian Samuels.
At Empellón Cocina, a restaurant in New York City, diners see a not-so-gentle reminder at the top of the menu. "Empellón strongly discourages the use of cellphones, unless you're posting food porn on Instagram. #Empellon," it says in bold letters.
The aim is to get diners comfortable posting photos, says co-owner of the nouveau Mexican restaurant David Rodolitz, who came up with the tagline five months ago. "It's almost like they are becoming a brand ambassador on behalf of the restaurant," says Mr. Rodolitz....
Want more hot BPR News stories? Sign up for our morning news blast HERE
When the late, great Rodney Dangerfield groused “I get no respect,” the comedian had no idea that in the Obama age the catchphrase would apply to ALL white males.
While giving the commencement address at Florida International University earlier this month, National Security Adviser Susan Rice told graduates that too many white males make America less safe.
In particular, “white, male, and Yale” national security staffers, according to Truth Revolt.
“Too often, our national security workforce has been what former Florida Senator Bob Graham called ‘white, male, and Yale,'” Rice said. “In the halls of power, in the faces of our national security leaders, America is still not fully reflected.”
Keep in mind that U.N. Ambassador Samantha Power, Secretary of State John Kerry and Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter — all Obama administration officials — are white Yale graduates.
What's even more noteworthy is that with the myth of “white privilege” being so prevalent today, white males can be so readily disparaged and no one bats an eye.
In Rice's eye, diversity will save lives.
“I'm not talking about a human resources issue,” Rice emphasized. “I'm highlighting a national security imperative.”
Ironically, the same liberals who all but invented “group think” are now lecturing America that too many white people in the same room will result in constricted thought.
“By now, we should all know the dangers of ‘group think,' where folks who are alike often think alike,” Rice told graduates, who likely did not catch on to them stereotyping an entire race of people. “By contrast, groups comprised of different people tend to question one another's assumptions, draw on divergent perspectives and experiences, and yield better outcomes.”
Sign up for our morning news blast HERE
At Star Wars Celebration Anaheim on Sunday, Lucasfilm brought the newest member of the directorial family, Gareth Edwards (Rogue One), to talk about joining the Star Wars universe. Josh Trank, scheduled to be on the panel, wasn't able to make it.
Pablo Hidalgo of the Story Group introduced Kathleen Kennedy and Kiri Hart, head of Story Group, who announced that the stand-alone films will be officially referred to as "Star Wars Anthology Films."
Gareth Edwards joined the panel after, the director of the first Anthology Film, Rogue One. They admitted to crying during the trailer reveal for The Force Awakens, and Hidalgo joked with them about fans in the arena seeing footage, despite the fact they don't film until this summer. A teaser ran, December 2016. Obi-Wan Kenobi's voiceover, as portrayed by Sir Alec Guinnes, ran over the trailer. "For more than a thousand generations, the Jedi Knights were the guardians of peace and justice in the old republic." "Before the dark times." A forested planet is seen, and a TIE fighter flies by, and in the background, the Death Star is there. Loud, scared chatter over a com, and the logo: Rogue One: Star Wars Anthology.
The first official summary of the movie was next. "A rogue band of resistance fighters unite for a mission to steal the Death Star plans and bring a new hope to the galaxy." Edwards confirmed that it takes place after Episode III, before Episode IV, and "closer to Episode IV." The director went on to say that the film will not feature Jedi - their absence is part of the storytelling, and that the idea of a regular group of people without magical powers trying to better their world is what's interesting.
Deaths from drug overdoses increased by the largest margin in recorded history in 2016 in the U.S., according to preliminary data from The New York Times.
Deaths from opioids continue to be the primary driver of drug related deaths, fueled by the introduction of potent opioid analogs like fentanyl and carfentanil into drug supplies. While official government numbers will not be available until December, experts analyzing local data estimate roughly 62,500 Americans died of a drug overdose in 2016, reports The New York Times.
That would represent a 19 percent increase over the 52,404 people who died from drug overdoses in 2015, previously the deadliest year on record. Experts say early data suggests deaths from opioids and other drugs will continue to increase in 2017. More than two million Americans have some sort of physical dependence on opioids and nearly 100 million Americans have a prescription for the drugs.
Drug overdoses are now the number one cause of death for Americans under 50.
Officials with the DEA say four out of five heroin addicts started with painkillers. Overtime opioids start to rewrite pathways in the brain and suppress rational thought. The drug floods the brain with dopamine when used, which overtime associates addiction with happiness in the mind of addicts. (RELATED: Why Drug Addiction Is A Lifelong Fight Against The Brain)
“Heroin is the devil's drug man,” Cliff Parker, a 24,year-old recovering addict in Akron, OH, told The New York Times. “No one wants their family to find them face down with a needle in their arm, but no one stops until they're ready.”
The emergence of synthetic opioids is blamed as the primary driver of drug deaths since 2010. Fentanyl is a painkiller roughly 50 to 100 times stronger than morphine that is cut into heroin supplies and even put into knock-off pills.
Fentanyl is infiltrating drug supplies across the country because of how cheap the substance is compared to standard narcotics. While a kilogram of heroin from a Mexican cartel will cost a domestic supplier roughly $64,000, they can order a kilogram of fentanyl through the mail from China for as little as $2,000. It can also be used to create roughly 20 times more doses than heroin, providing dealers with huge profits.
Carfentanil, a synthetic analog of fentanyl, is roughly 5,000 times stronger than heroin and is used for tranquilizing elephants. The powerful chemicals are cut into the heroin and branded with names like “Grey Death,” which actually entice addicts who are looking to score “the ultimate high.”
Officials in the U.S. are becoming increasingly concerned about fentanyl and carfentanil cropping up in cocaine supplies, which is already being seen in Illinois, New York and Rhode Island. The development is particularly alarming for law enforcement who note that, unlike heroin, cocaine is more widely used as a social drug.
They fear that users are largely unaware of fentanyl being cut up with cocaine and say it will have deadly consequences. Less than half a teaspoon of pure fentanyl is enough to kill 10 people.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention releases an annual tally of total drug overdose deaths, which are also broken down by substance, but drug deaths take a long time to certify at the federal level. The final numbers for 2016 are not expected until December. The New York Times culled through data from state health departments and county medical examiners and coroners, predicting there were between 59,000 and 65,000 drug deaths in 2016.
Follow Steve on Twitter
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
CARACAS/GENEVA (Reuters) - The government of Venezuela's Hugo Chavez is emerging as a rare supplier of diesel to Syria, potentially undermining Western sanctions and helping the Syrian government fuel its military in the middle of a bloody crackdown on civilian protests.
A cargo of diesel, which can be used to fuel army tanks or as heating fuel, was expected to arrive at Syria's Mediterranean port of Banias this week, according to two traders and shipping data. The cargo could be worth up to $50 million.
Chavez is a vociferous advocate of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, who face pressure from Western sanctions. Few leaders on the world stage have polarized opinion as sharply as the Venezuelan president.
Chavez, who still defends the late Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi, has repeatedly backed Arab leaders who have faced a year-long wave of popular protests, which have already toppled four governments.
Asked on Thursday about the shipments to Syria and whether they could be used for military purposes, Chavez said Venezuela never asked the United States what it did with the fuel that Venezuela sold it, and that no one could dictate to Caracas.
“We are free. We are a free country,” they said, standing with their friend Sean Penn, the U.S. actor, who is visiting Venezuela.
Venezuelan state oil firm PDVSA shipped the cargo aboard the Negra Hipolita vessel, according to AIS tracking data on the Reuters Freight Fundamentals Database and trade sources. The same tanker carried the first such shipment in November, the sources said.
PDVSA could not immediately be reached for comment.
“The aggressions against Syria are continuing,” Chavez said in a speech last month. “It's the same formula they (the West) used against Libya: inject violence, inject terrorism from abroad and later invoke the United Nations to intervene.”
The South American OPEC nation has also tried to aid Iran with fuel supplies amid sanctions over Tehran's nuclear program.
Right groups say close to 6,000 people have been killed in attacks by Syrian security forces against civilian demonstrators and an increasingly powerful rebel insurgency.
The United States and Europe are pressuring Assad to leave power. Russia and China this month vetoed a United Nations resolution calling on Assad to step aside.
SATELLITE TRACKING
The Venezuelan tanker was last seen off the coast of Cyprus with a destination of Banias and the estimated arrival date of Wednesday, AIS ship tracking on Reuters showed. The satellite tracking has been switched off since Wednesday.
The shipment comes at a critical time for Syria, which has faced worsening energy shortages this winter after Western sanctions all but halted imports, which are needed to meet half the country's diesel demand.
Diplomats blame the power and fuel shortages on increased demand from the military, while the government says attacks on power stations and refinery pipelines are reducing supply.
The PDVSA shipments appeared to be carried out under a 2010 agreement between the governments of the two nations in which Venezuela provides diesel in exchange for food and commodities such as olive oil.
Syria's oil minister spoke about the possibility of Venezuelan imports in January, and traders said the Negra Hipolita diesel shipment to Syria was the second delivery in the past three months.
The vessel can carry 47,000 tones, which if fully loaded would be worth around $50 million. It was not clear how much diesel the ship was carrying.
While there is no blanket embargo on supplying fuel to Syria, its state-owned oil firm Sytrol, responsible for organizing fuel imports and exports, was placed on a U.S. blacklist last summer, and the European Union followed suit in December.
It was not clear whether the recent reported fuel transactions were done via Sytrol.
The EU has stopped short of banning product deliveries for humanitarian reasons, but oil traders said most deliveries have stopped anyway as traditional suppliers are increasingly reluctant to do business with Syria.
Normally an exporter of crude oil even in peacetime, Syria has relied on imports for more than half of its annual consumption of 5 million tones of diesel because of a shortage of domestic refining capacity. International sanctions have stopped Syrian oil exports since September last year, drastically stretching government budget revenues.
A growing number of military attacks involving armored vehicles and tanks may be spurring diesel consumption, while a severe winter is driving up heating demand.
“Given the risk that (refining) capacity could be cut due to sabotage, fuel shortages are likely to force the government to rely on costly imports supplied by a shrinking pool of political allies,” risk group Business Monitor International wrote in a recent report.
Due to the sanctions, the Negra Hipolita will not be able to dock at ports in the United States nor in Europe, one of the sources said. In the past the vessel has been primarily used to transport crude between production facilities and refineries within Venezuela.
The United States previously imposed sanctions on PDVSA over sales of gasoline-blending components to Iran in violation of a U.S. ban.
Death Labyrinth is the final test for Aestral, shinobi of the empire. All initiates must accomplish their own trial dungeon in order to enter first rank or face death upon failure.
*Gamepad is required, starting area shows controller input (move, block, cast, melee, jump/roll, and camera rotation with comfort techniques). Death Labyrinth is a controller based dungeon crawler that uses various elements found traditionally in point-click titles.
*Mechanics are fast paced. Player uses dual wielding weapons that decapitate enemies and can fire ranged attacks with available spell charges. Death is permanent and the dungeon is assembled randomly.
*Innovation in the title is apparent when greeted by a unique tracking system following the player. This displays the first iteration of Death Labyrinth's developing interface and displays the player's Health and Spell charges. The title is also specifically designed with the effects moving into camera space, providing interesting depth cues as heads or sparks fly far into the air.
The title employs a top-down 3rd person action perspective made specifically for Virtual Reality and uses various “roguelite” gameplay elements. The concept is a unique dungeon crawling experience and provides demonstrates an exciting seated mobile Virtual Reality experience.
Milestone 2: Work in Progress- Experimented with stylized looks, worked out some raw animation/combat systems, prepped dungeon generator, ran into some bugs, will spend next week working around issues for conveying the prototype properly. Plan is to iterate further on style/composition, improve combat mechanics, add sounds, and work on the blockout enemies for the upcoming gameplay video.
Milestone 3: Removed blockouts, replaced main character, optimized tilesets, placed spawners, added enemies, implemented decapitation, added sounds, added point light after draw calls optimized, recorded gameplay in editor, fixing critical bugs. Also shifting the story to adjust for the new look composed post-feedback. Next week will be tightening up gameplay, fixing more bugs, and a solid optimization pass.
Gameplay Video: https://youtu.be/A5N0w8nIAj0
Intro Scene: https://youtu.be/7wJslHAFLVk
Milestone 4: Optimized draw calls/actors, created damage/ammo system/visuals, prepared APK for VR Jam submission. I have also included many new screenshots to demonstrate the final build.
FirstRuleStudios.com
BrandonBiggs.com
Image copyright PA Image caption Theresa May hopes to save £150m a year with the new police pay deal
The Home Secretary's speech on the police on Monday was billed as a coherent ideological vision for the service in England and Wales.
As they rubber-stamped proposed changes which will take tens of millions out of officers' pay packets, Theresa May emphasised that, while "some police officers will be disappointed by this outcome", they were not forcing through reform just to save money.
They explained how changes to officers' pay and conditions, cuts to police budgets and the introduction of elected police commissioners all form part of a plan to make the force more responsive to the demands of the citizens they serve.
The reforms, they said, "will leave us with a police force that is answerable to the public and transformed in its ability to fight crime".
In effect, the Home Secretary was offering their answer to a question upon which I have been pondering for the past couple of months: what are the police for?
My new BBC Radio 4 series, for which that question acts as the title, begins on Monday. At first glance, we think we know the answer: it is about fighting crime and keeping people safe. But a cocktail of major reform and budget cuts obliges politicians and police chiefs to be a bit more precise than that.
Some chief constables are warning that neighbourhood policing may have to be cut. Others say they need to look at the amount of time spent on partnership working and the meetings with other agencies.
What really bothers people is anti-social behaviour, minor damage, noisiness, people parking inconsiderately Sara Thornton, Thames Valley Police
I have met police advisors who think officers should do less investigating crime and more preventing crime. Ministers insist there is a lot of bureaucracy and duplication which can be reduced.
On becoming Home Secretary, Theresa May told senior officers they wanted to be crystal clear that the mission of the service was "to cut crime, no more and no less". While the first part of that statement is unarguable, the second would seem to relegate great chunks of what the police currently do into "extras".
The lost child, the confused old gentleman who has forgotten how to get home, the burst water main that has flooded the High Street, the death notice to be delivered to relatives of a teenager killed in a road accident, the road safety advice for primary school children, the neighbours who need to be told to turn the music down: are we really saying that the police should stop doing these duties unless they are demonstrated to "cut crime"?
In episode one, the policing minister Nick Herbert accepts that there is rather more to the job than cutting crime, but insists the home secretary was right to emphasise that that is the core of their mission.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Police duties are many and varied
The past decade has seen a shift in police priorities from an enforcement approach which targets those who break the law to a consensual style which encourages people to obey the law. The service has become a bit more Dixon of Dock Green and a bit less The Sweeney.
For some, this is a worrying trend. As one delegate at the Tory conference last year put it, there should be more emphasis put on "rat catchers" rather than "social workers".
However, having spent a week with police officers of all kinds in Thames Valley, it seems to me that there is a paradox in terms of what the public want the service to do.
On a general level, people will often say they want police to catch villains and lock them up. But when you ask what they want the police to do locally, it tends to be more mundane tasks.
As the Chief Constable of Thames Valley, Sara Thornton, told me: "When we do our surveys very, very rarely do people say what's bothering us around here is burglary or robbery or car crime. What's really bothering them is anti-social behaviour, minor damage, noisiness, rowdiness, people parking inconsiderately."
In the old coaching town of Stony Stratford near Milton Keynes, for example, I met the chair of the local neighbourhood action group, Denise Branning. Top of local people's concerns were litter and thoughtless parking, they said.
Image copyright Metropolitan Police Image caption Community engagement is a watchword
Another common grievance was dog poo. Just around the corner I met a police community support officer whose duties included patrolling parks and footpaths to ensure owners picked up and disposed of the offending items.
Is this what police budgets should be spent on? In Monday's speech, the home secretary put it like this: "From the graffiti and litter that blights a local area, to the binge drinking and drug dealing that makes people frightened to step outside, right up to the criminal gangs who flaunt their illegal wealth and cheat the exchequer out of millions - our police reforms will help fight them all."
That is a much broader description of the police's role than cutting crime "no more and no less". Indeed, it might be argued, Theresa May wants them to do it all - from kids tagging a lamp-post to organised criminal gangs.
So what do you think the role of the police should be? Take part in the debate on Twitter, using the hashtag #whatarepolicefor.
Mark's series What Are The Police For starts on BBC Radio 4 on Monday 30 January at 20:00 GMT, or catch up with iPlayer
Barack Obama arrives on Air Force One at Hangzhou Xiaoshan International Airport in Hangzhou in eastern China's Zhejiang province on Sept. 3 for the G20 summit. | AP Photo Tarmac altercation, press dispute mar opening of Obama's trip to China
President Barack Obama's trip to China for the G20 summit Saturday opened with an unusual tarmac altercation involving Chinese and U.S. officials, including national security adviser Susan Rice.
After Air Force One landed in Hangzhou, a Chinese official began shouting at White House staff after the traveling American press contingent was brought onto the tarmac, according to pool reports.
Story Continued Below
The Chinese official also attempted to block Rice and Deputy National Security Adviser Ben Rhodes after they lifted a blue rope holding back press and walked to the other side of it, closer to Obama.
The press pool was brought under a wing of Air Force One where the pool was supposed to stay behind a blue rope. However, a member of the Chinese delegation began shouting at White House staff, demanding the pool leave the arrival scene.
A White House official said Obama was our president and Air Force One was our plane and that the press was not going to move from the designated area. The Chinese official responded, "This is our country."
When asked later what happened at the airport, Rice said, "They did things that weren't anticipated."
Disagreements between Chinese and American officials did not just stay on the tarmac.
At Westlake Statehouse, where the summit was being held, a group of White House staff arriving before Obama was stopped at a security checkpoint.
A heated argument between Chinese officials and White House staff, protocol officers and Secret Service, who were trying to enter the building separately from the press, broke out at the security gate.
According to the pool report, U.S. officials could be heard arguing in Chinese with Chinese officials over how many Americans could go through security at one time, how many White House officials were allowed to be in the building before Obama's arrival, and which U.S. officials were on a security list.
"The president is arriving here in an hour," a White House staffer was overheard saying in exasperation.
A Chinese official assisting the U.S. officials became angered by how the guards were treating the White House staff as the disagreement escalated.
"You don't push people. No one gave you the right to touch or push anyone around," they yelled in Chinese at one of the Chinese security officials.
Another Chinese official trying to help White House staff stepped between the two men arguing, as the security official looked like they were going to throw a punch, according to the pool report.
"Calm down, please. Calm down," a White House official said.
"Stop, please," said a foreign ministry official in Chinese. "There are reporters here."
Another disagreement occurred when officials and press finally made it inside the building. Chinese officials told White House press officers that only 10 American journalists were allowed in.
"That's not right," a White House press official said.
Two U.S. journalists were left outside and were not allowed to stand in the room, despite White House press officials insisting there was space.
"There's space. They are print reporters. They would just be standing," one White House press officer said. The two reporters were eventually granted access.
Some three-and-a-half hours after Obama and Chinese President Xi Jinping began their bilateral talks, the two leaders were expected to end their talk with a nighttime stroll through the diplomatic compound on West Lake to Obama's motorcade, with a cadre of reporters in tow.
Chinese officials, however, cut the number of journalists covering the stroll from the original six to three journalists, and then to one. A Chinese official told a White House press official, "That is our arrangement."
"But your arrangement keeps changing," a White House official responded.
After negotiations, two members of the White House press corps were allowed to cover the walk.
Korean manufacturer to pay hundreds of millions of dollars in royalties for using Android software on smartphones and tablets
Samsung has agreed to pay Microsoft what could amount to hundreds of millions of dollars in royalties after it settled a bitter dispute over the Korean manufacturer's Android smartphones and tablets.
The technology giants announced an agreement on Wednesday about the use of Google's Android software.
Samsung will have to pay Microsoft a small fee – likely between $10 and $15 – for each Android smartphone or tablet computer it sells. Samsung has sold more than 10m Galaxy S II smartphones since its launch in May, meaning that the Asian phone maker could have to pay Microsoft royalty fees totaling $100m.
The settlement is the latest development in a smartphone market besieged by acrimonious legal battles over patent issues, most relating to the increasingly popular Android software. Microsoft won a similar licensing agreement with manufacturer HTC earlier this year, and has an ongoing dispute with Motorola Mobility. Google paid $12.5bn (£7.6bn) in cash to acquire Motorola Mobility in August, in a strategic move aimed to bolster the search giant's cache of patents.
"Microsoft and Samsung see the opportunity for dramatic growth in Windows Phone and we're investing to make that a reality," said the president of Microsoft's Windows Phone division, Andy Lees.
"Microsoft believes in a model where all our partners can grow and profit based on our platform."
The terms of the deal were not disclosed. It is not clear whether Samsung will have to pay Microsoft retrospective royalties, or whether the deal refers to devices sold from Wednesday onwards.
The agreement will also see Samsung cooperate in the development and marketing of Microsoft's Windows Phone software, which the manufacturer already offers with its Omnia range of phones.
Florian Mueller, an intellectual property analyst who has followed the case, suggested the settlement raised big questions for Google's Android partnerships with other manufacturers. "This is the most important Android-related intellectual property deal in its own right, and even more significant against the background of Google's proposed acquisition of Motorola Mobility," they said.
"If Samsung truly believed that Google's acquisition of Motorola Mobility was going to be helpful to the Android ecosystem at large, it would have waited until that deal is closed before concluding the license agreement with Microsoft. But Samsung probably knows it can't rely on Google. It decided to address Android's intellectual property issues on its own."
Google hit back at Microsoft with a punchy statement. A spokesperson said: "This is the same tactic we've seen time and again from Microsoft. Failing to succeed in the smartphone market, they are resorting to legal measures to extort profit from others' achievements and hinder the pace of innovation. We remain focused on building new technology and supporting Android partners."
MOSCOW. Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin has sought to defend their controversial plan to seek a third mandate as president, saying Russia needed stability and was only a few steps from a return to the collapse of the 1990s.
In a rare acknowledgment of public discontent, Mr Putin said their political opponents claim ''everything is so bad, that it could not get worse''. ''Saying that things cannot get worse, I would be careful … Everything here is tacked together, both in politics and in the economy,'' Mr Putin said in a startling admission of the fragility of the stability that they pride themselves on bringing to Russia.
AAP
Russia's hardest working man... Prime Minister Vladimir Putin. Credit:Reuters
King sacks government
JORDAN. King Abdullah II of Jordan, under growing pressure to accelerate political reform and genuine anti-corruption measures, has fired their government just eight months after doing so for similar reasons.
Julia Stannard, Producer of War and Peace, said: “Filming is going extremely well in Vilnius. Everyone is being really helpful and supportive and we have been made to feel so welcome in this beautiful city.”
Filming will take place in various locations around the Old Town of Vilnius, in buildings, in courtyards on the streets and also in the Trakų Vokė mansion. The Vilnius Film Office apologizes for any inconvenience closings of streets may cause.
“We are extremely pleased that the BBC has chosen to shoot in Vilnius. With thousands of Lithuanians participating in the filming and a local spend of approximately 7 milllion euros, it‘s great for the city, our entire service industry and all of our film professionals,” said Vilnius City Mayor Artūras Zuokas.
Renowned British director Tom Harper has been chosen as director for the film. The role of Pierre Bezukhov is being played by Paul Dano (Twelve Years a Slave), Andrei Bolkonsky by James Norton (Happy Valley), and Natasha Rostov by Lily James (Cinderella). Lithuanian actors Paulius Ignatavičius, Valerijus Jevsejevas, Irmantas Bačelis, Vesta Grabšaitė and others will also appear.
“Vilnius welcomes the BBC and this new production of War and Peace. We are doing everything possible to assist in making it go as smoothly as possible. Having the production in town has generated a lot of excitement. Our film professionals are involved and engaged completely in the project and I am sure that it will be very successful,” said Ms. Jūratė Pazikaitė, the director of the Vilnius Film Office.
The story of four aristocratic families is being filmed mainly in Lithuania. Shorter segments are also being filmed in Latvia and Russia. The local production company in Lithuania is Baltic Film Services. The series is scheduled to air in 2016.
This August, people in parts Missouri will be able to see a total solar eclipse, an event that has not been visible in the area since 1442. The next isn't expected to take place until the year 2505.
To prepare the public for this once in a lifetime event, local astronomy groups have organized the St. Louis Eclipse Expo this weekend. The event will feature about 80 exhibitors, vendors selling astronomy equipment, photography workshops and talks on the history and science of eclipses.
Organizers of the expo also stress that the eclipse this summer must be viewed safely. Special eclipse-viewing glasses will be distributed at the event.
“The sun has dangerous rays that can hurt your eyes and you'll need protection, like a pinhole projector or eclipse glasses,” said Don Ficken, chair of the St. Louis Eclipse Task Force.
When this rare event does occur, Ficken said, it will certainly be a strange experience for those observing it.
“It'll be lights out,” they said. “The western sky will go dark. The animals start behaving like it's night. You'll be able to see the planets, five planets and some of the brighter stars. On the horizon, it'll still be white because the shadow's not there so you'll have an eerie type of experience, if you will.”
It's not hard to understand why people are excited about the event, they added.
“For example, why do people like the northern lights? I mean it's very cool, right? Well, this is actually even cooler than that because [the eclipse has] got this dancing, beautiful that you-can't-even-photograph-it type of thing going on,” Flicken said.
The St. Louis Eclipse Expo will take place Saturday at the Queeny Park Recreational Complex in Ballwin. In St. Louis, the solar eclipse is expected to occur in the St. Louis area at 1:16 p.m., on Aug. 21.
Follow Eli on Twitter: @storiesbyeli
LOS ANGELES — It took a while — more than 40 years, actually.
But Albert S. Ruddy, a movie and television producer who does not like to quit, has landed rights to make their passion project: a screen version of “Atlas Shrugged,” Ayn Rand's Objectivist bible.
Mr. Ruddy, whose canon includes films as varied as “The Godfather” and “The Cannonball Run,” almost had a deal back in the early 1970s, when they wooed Ms. Rand personally while sitting on a small couch in New York.
But Ms. Rand, who had left the Soviet Union in the 1920s and feared the Russians might acquire Paramount Pictures to subvert the project, wanted script approval; Mr. Ruddy, as adamant as they are, declined. “Then I'll put in my will, the one person who can't get it is you,” Mr. Ruddy recalls being told by Ms. Rand, who died in 1982.
Eventually, the rights were acquired by John Aglialoro, an investor and devotee of Ms. Rand's philosophy, which celebrates capitalism and rational self-interest. Mr. Aglialoro became a producer of three independent films based on the nearly 1,200-page novel, beginning with “Atlas Shrugged: Part I,” released in 2011.
Dogecoin Wow. Such hack.
Today, Christmas Day, someone stole at least 11 million from Dogewallet.com, one of the largest sites used by individuals holding Dogecoin.
Dogecoin is a cryptocurrency that serves as an alternative to Bitcoin. It's grown increasingly popular over the last few weeks thanks to its use in "tipping" for good deeds performed by individuals advancing the cause of digital currencies.
The Dogewallet hackers' haul would be worth $6,600 at current prices, were stolen, according to the Dogecoin public transaction ledger.
The folks at Dogewallet have sworn to compensate all individuals affected, and reddit users have testified that they've started receiving funds.
Here's the main part of the message currently posted from the Dogewallet folks on their site, which they've suspended:
"...the attack originated from the hacker gaining access to our filesystem and modifying the send/receive page to send to a static address. We're currently reviewing logs for information. The site is shut down right now. "We're incredibly sorry to all users who lost funds from the attack. Please use offline wallets as online wallets are meant for new users who aren't using them as a storage of coins. Offline wallets are more safe and secure than any online wallet due to possible attacks that can originate from anyone, anywhere."
Dogecoin prices were actually up slightly Wednesday night, according to Coinmarketcap.
Support us! GearJunkie may earn a small commission from affiliate links in this article. Learn more
A startup company in Austraila is launching the ultimate desert tent. It has a reflective fly to create a shady oasis in the desert or anywhere outside.
Outback Logic LLC has designed a tent to reflect the sun's energy and block light, “so it doesn't overheat and allows sleep without being disturbed by sunlight, even in the daytime,” says the company founder.
It's called the Siesta 4 tent, and it's made of a waterproof, lightweight, ultra-reflective fly fabric. The double-wall design reflects UV, visible and infrared, and there are mesh inner walls for bugs.
A metalized fabric fly reflects sunlight to create what the company calls a radiant barrier. It significantly reduces solar gain inside the tent, with interior temps remaining around the same temperature as the outside ambient air.
Tent For Hot Weather
Direct sun on 100-degree days are the intended environment. The designer built this tent after frustration at not being able to get enough sleep at festivals, especially sleeping in after the sun rose.
They note the fly fabric is also light-blocking, so the tent is very dark inside when the doors are closed. “This means you don't get woken up at sunrise by light or heat,” they said.
It has 13mm aluminum poles and a floor area of 8' x 8' (and each vestibule extends just over 3'). At 18lbs, this isn't a backpacking tent but made for drive-up car camps.
The Siesta is in the prototype stage now, and a Kickstarter is set to launch later this month. For now you can keep up with Outback Logic LLC on its Facebook page.
Story highlights Coffman represents a swing district
They stood by their call for Spicer's ouster
Washington (CNN) A moderate Denver-area Republican repeated their call for President Donald Trump to fire White House press secretary Sean Spicer.
"I don't think he's serving this President very well," said Rep. Mike Coffman on CNN's "Erin Burnett OutFront" Thursday.
Speaking with constituents at a rowdy town hall event Wednesday evening, Coffman faced vocal criticism from constituents who said they wanted them to push back against Trump. When one asked about Spicer's claim earlier this week that "Hitler didn't use gas on their own people," Coffman told the crowd Spicer "needs to go."
The controversial press secretary has apologized for the comments in several interviews since then. CNN has reached out to the White House for comment.
Coffman said Thursday that Spicer had repeatedly created a distraction -- and stood by their call for the press secretary to be fired.
Read More
Co-written and crossposted with PeopleForBikes.
The handful of cities that led the rebound of U.S. bike commuting a decade ago seem to have slowed down -- but continuing growth elsewhere suggests that progress can still happen if cities want it to.
According to Census estimates released Thursday, the total number of U.S. bike commuters fell slightly in 2016 for the second year in a row, to 863,979. That's far enough beyond the margins of error to all but guarantee that U.S. bike commuting has slipped since global gas prices plummeted in late 2014.
In 2016, the national average gas price was $2.25 a gallon, down 35 percent since 2014.
In New York City, 1.2 percent of commuters said they usually take a bike most of the way to work, extending a three-year plateau. In Chicago, the estimate was 1.7 percent, the same as in 2014. In Los Angeles: 1.1 percent, statistically flat but the lowest estimate since 2012. Philadelphia again posted 2.2 percent, a rate it first hit in 2009.
The estimates in Minneapolis, Portland, Seattle and San Francisco all ticked downward, though as in the larger cities, their longer-term trends also continue to suggest gradual growth.
Even Davis, Calif., the country's longtime capital of bike transportation, saw its third straight year of falling estimates in the Census Bureau's American Community Survey. The university town estimated 17 percent of trips by bike, down from 25 percent in 2013.
Here's a full report on the latest one-year estimates for every place the Census attempts to track bike commuting.
Despite national headwind, some cities make gains
A few cities seemed to buck the trend. Pittsburgh, Washington DC, Detroit and Cleveland posted all-time highs.
"Since bike lanes have been installed in Pittsburgh, we've more than doubled that ACS number," said Eric Boerer, advocacy director for BikePGH, in an interview. "You can see a pretty sharp rise after 2007."
Pittsburgh was estimated at 0.4 percent bike commuting in 2000, 1.1 percent in 2007 and now -- as of today -- 2.6 percent.
"The city has been taking transportation much more seriously than ever," Boerer said. "For every aspect, from design to building to even marketing, they've been doing a much better job."
Just this week, Boerer said, a project on Negley Avenue will close a key gap in Pittsburgh's biking network.
"A lot of the bike infrastructure on one side of the city doesn't connect to the bike infrastructure on the other side of the city," they said. "And Negley will connect. That's going from a fast-moving four-lane street to two lanes with bike lanes."
Top researcher: Biking still has lots of room to grow
Ralph Buehler, a professor of urban affairs at Virginia Tech and a leading scholar of bike transportation, noted that "one year alone is not a full trend," due to normal survey error.
But they said a small retreat in biking rates seems plausible.
"It's interesting that almost all large cities seem to be going down, which you wouldn't expect from pure statistical variability," they said. "It fits with other data: We have surpassed the pre-recession levels of VMT, so people are driving more. There are some stories in the Census data that the suburbs are growing faster again than cities. So it fits into this overall picture that seems to be emerging."
Buehler said the lower cost of driving, rising median incomes and maybe even declining safety among people biking could be contributing to the ebb. "If you think about a choice rider," Buehler said, "they have to have a very positive and safe experience cycling. Otherwise they will choose the other mode."
We asked Buehler if they thought the slowdown among leading cities suggests that bike commuting has reached a natural plateau in those places, with little room left to grow. They don't think so. "I think there is a plateau somewhere for cycling, but just given all the data we have about distances and all these things, a lot more trips could be covered by bicycle," they said. "But it may be harder to get at additional populations."
To reach the next share of the population -- I don't know how big that is -- cycling may have to be more attractive, or feel safer or be safer," Buehler said. "I think that cities have to do more of what they did: They have to create an attractive cycling experience that feels safe and is safe."
Michael Andersen is staff writer for PlacesForBikes, a PeopleForBikes program to help U.S. communities build better biking, faster. Ken McLeod is policy director for the League of American Bicyclists, leading the movement to build a bicycle-friendly America for everyone.
All my latest articles can be found at the RisingStack blog.
For me, it all started with Tagmint, a wannabe startup with Peter. Clearly, it was a failure, but also source of great experience. We started using Node there and it was love at first sight — it was not easy at first, we knew nobody among our friends, who used it before.
Project after project was finished using Node — still nobody was around us to support Node.js learning and sharing. No meetup groups existed in Hungary, no conferences. It was time to change this.
Node was/is relatively new in the Hungarian tech scene with only a few of companies using it in production. These companies are mostly small startups. Only a few bigger ones use it, usually for tooling purposes. It is time to change this too.
Nodebp begins
The Nodebp logo
Just looked up my mailbox: it all started in Sept, 2013 when Peter and I were thinking about doing an event/conference about Node, and we got en email from Tamas and Robi (we got introduced to them a few months back) saying that they had the same thing in mind. The next thing was to go to ruin pubs to brainstorm. After two sessions with beers, we decided to start the Nodebp meetup group and formed a community around it.
At these meetings, we set the standards that we wanted to see in action on how our meetups should be:
branding: we have an integrated appearance on all channels
use of GitHub: we use it to track CFPs and past events
the format
teaching/learning: we plan to educate people
How our meetups look
We hold them monthly with three talks if possible:
beginner/lightning talk, just to get the night started deep-dive into a specific area fun talk, like brewing beer with Node.js, or fighting nodebots
All of them are twenty minutes long or so with a five minute break in between.
Nodebp November, 2013
After the talks we let the folks do some networking, then we head out to a nearby pub to share even more cool stories and learn from each other.
Note: we always have cold beer at the venue too;)
All our meetups are recorded, and can be viewed on YouTube. In our January session _nec talked about Building desktop applications with node.js which was featured in node weekly. Congrats!
“Building desktop applications with node.js” was featured in nodeweekly
So, do you want to speak up too? Just submit an issue in our GitHub repo!
We did this from scratch. None of us had any experience in building communities/meetup groups before. It was quite a hard job to make the first meetup happen. It would have failed without the contributions we got from our friends and sponsors. Also, special thanks to Tamas, our awesome designer.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich. -- An elderly man from Grand Rapids, Mich., has finally met their son after discovering a letter they believe was hidden by their since-departed wife for decades.
According to FOX17 in West Michigan, Tony Trapani, 81, always wanted a child, and tried all their life to have one. But they thought it was something he'd never achieved.
That's until Trapani found a letter that was sent by the child's mother back in 1959 that told them of their then 5-year-old son. That son is now 61.
Trapani told FOX17 their wife at the time must have intercepted the letter and hid it from them for decades. They said they found the letter when they were cleaning up their deceased wife's file cabinets.
"I have a little boy,” the letter reportedly reads. “He is five years old now. What I'm trying to say Tony is they are your son. They were born November 13th, 1953.”
Meanwhile, the now-61-year-old son, Samuel Childress, said they always suspected their father got the letter, but thought the man didn't want anything to do with him.
Father and son met for the first time Sunday.
Look, we all know that times are tough right now. Dropping $250 for a portable travel vaporizer is a hard pill to swallow. But is dropping $90 on a discount vape the best way to get a deal?
What Is It?
A battery-powered portable vaporizer what looks like a term project for a high school shop class.
Advertisement
Who's it For?
People who want to own a travel vaporizer with none of the modern conveniences found on other models. Possibly the Amish.
Design
It's a small wooden box with four holes: a draw hole, a vent, a battery receiver and the materials chamber, which is covered with a clear piece of plastic.
Advertisement
Using It
Load up the tray, close the plastic cover, jam the positive end of the AA NiMh battery into the side of the block to complete the circuit and heat the tray. How hot the tray gets, or how quickly the battery is discharging—that's anyone's guess.
The Best Part
It is effective. A little herb goes a long way in a Launch box.
Tragic Flaw
Pressing your lips against pine multiple times a day really dries them out. Chap-Stick helps, but it gets the mouth hole all slimy (frickin' gross when sharing).
Advertisement
This Is Weird...
The batteries will short at the drop of a hat, so always keep their black rubber helmets on, unless they're being actively used. Don't carry them in a pocket with loose change, or really anything that conducts a charge.
Test Notes
The only way to tell your screen is getting too hot is by the presence of smoke.
Be careful with the screen trough. If you break it, you'll have to replace the entire unit.
It seems like discharging a battery through an unregulated circuit is neither the safest nor the best method.
Advertisement
Should You Buy It?
If you can't afford the Pax, and you don't want to fire up a VaporGenie, and you can't find rolling papers, an aluminum can, or an apple—and you don't mind paying $88 for about five bucks worth of parts—then yes, yes you should.
Advertisement
Magic-Flight Launch Box Specs
• Dimensions: 2.5" x 1.75" x .75"
• Battery: AA NiMh
• Price: $88 at Amazon
• Gizrank:2.5
Are Australian house prices out of whack with their true value? Should homeowners be bracing for a price dive?
Former senior economist at the Reserve Bank of Australia Jeremy Lawson certainly believes so, telling the Australian Financial Review that house prices are up to 30 per cent higher than they should be.
Over the past decade many experts have suggested Australia was in the grip of a housing bubble primed to burst, while others have been less worried.
• UN warns of asset price bubble in Australia
• How to avoid making a dodgy property purchase
• Got a spare few minutes? Take Real Estate View's property survey
In June, a report by the International Monetary Fund found Australian house prices are at historical peaks and placed it third among developed nations on the ratio of house prices to incomes.
Mr Lawson claims Australians are vulnerable as house prices realign with true household incomes in coming years.
“A high debt-to-income ratio leaves households much more vulnerable to income and interest rate shocks,” Mr Lawson said.
So, are Australian houses overpriced? Here's what some of the key players think.
Glenn Stevens – Reserve Bank of Australia governor
Are houses overvalued? Yes, a little
In July, Mr Stevens warned investors against falling into a false sense of security by assuming house prices would continue to rise.
“People should not assume that prices always rise. They don't: sometimes they fall,” Mr Stevens said.
Mr Stevens said some markets had slowed down and it would be a good thing if the trend continued.
“It would in my opinion be good, for a range of reasons, if it did persist for a while. If the next couple of years saw an unremarkable performance on prices, and construction staying at the higher levels that will clearly be reached over the coming year, it would be an outcome that would contribute to a balanced growth path for the economy and to housing more people at a manageable cost.”
Phillip Soos – Author of ‘Bubble Economics: Australian Land Speculation 1830 – 2013'
Are houses overvalued? Yes, a lot
Mr Soos agrees with comments by Mr Lawson but suggests the true overvaluation mark is probably even greater – at 40 per cent.
They say an Australian housing bubble has been brewing for many years and follows similar predicaments faced by Ireland, the US, Spain, England, and Denmark.
“We're currently no different except that ours is taking much longer to burst because the government is throwing every policy it can to keep our housing prices inflated.”
Mr Soos says prices will eventually fall but it was hard to give an accurate prediction of when it would occur.
“Unfortunately, there's not a lot that can be done because if the government were to reform banking or housing policy in a more sensible fashion that could well burst the bubble.”
Amanda Lynch – CEO, Real Estate Institute of Australia
Are houses overvalued? Probably not
Ms Lynch says other factors need be taken into account when assessing inflated house prices.
“The Real Estate Institute of Australia recognises the role interest rates play in relation to Australian house prices but also believes prices have been underpinned by a chronic housing shortage brought about by population growth and constraints on housing supply.”
They say the RBA's review found many Australians paying their mortgages faster due to lower interest rates and the aggregate mortgage buffer – balances in mortgage offset and re-draw facilities – rising to almost 15 per cent of outstanding balances.
“What this tells us is that despite low interest rates, Australia is in a very different position to that of the USA during it's recent housing bubble, which saw excessive demand for housing finance by borrowers with poor borrowing capacities and aided by residential finance institutional arrangement, regulation, and mortgage characteristics that are very different to those in Australia.”
Dr Michael Rafferty – Business professor, University of Sydney
Are houses overvalued? No
Dr Rafferty believes low interest rates are contributing to domestic asset price inflation, but they are sceptical of valuation models used to predict housing markets.
“There's no consensus about it. So when you hear someone raising the alarm, it's interesting stuff and it makes headlines, but people shouldn't necessarily jump to the exit.”
Dr Rafferty says many Australians were so frightened by the global financial crisis that it triggered a period of sensible repaying on mortgages that has created a cushion.
They say the biggest danger to house prices now is a recession where people lose their jobs and can't pay their mortgages.
“Interest rates affect all other parts of the market and the big one is the dollar. If you put interest rates up to try and slow house price growth, interest rates will feed into a higher exchange rate that is going to have all sorts of other negative impacts. That's the balancing act the Reserve Bank has.”
There's no need to restate the high reverence (or pangs of envy, depending on where your loyalty lies) of Apple. They have innovated, floundered, and in recent years, risen from the ashes to make one hell of a run in computing and electronics devices. Love them or hate them, you can't deny that they are adored by their fans. Their brand has reached that highly sought-after place in the world of marketing: they can do no wrong.
So how did they get there? Is it dumb luck? Or are they just much smarter than the rest of us? The most common reason given is Apple's rabid devotion to design. That is, without a doubt, a key component of Apple's success. But I think there's more to it than that. Here are ten reasons why I think Apple is so successful today, and what we can learn from them:
Understand The Total Experience. Apple is not a software company. It's also not a hardware company. It's an experience company. Software and hardware just play a part in the broader experience. Imagine your iPod without iTunes. Hardware and software are industry demarcations that the masses could care less about. By ignoring that separation and focusing on solving real problems in a cohesive way, they obliterated the portable music market. Less Is More. You see it in all of Apple's interfaces. That “clean” look. Sure, the power is there, but wherever possible it's hidden away. As for controls, there's hardly a single button on an iPod. Hell, there isn't even a power switch. It seems counter-intuitive to the engineering mind. Fewer features and fewer controls appeal to people more. But it makes sense. With less, there's less room for error. Less to digest. Less to learn. In other words, a shorter path to enjoyment. “He's Got Their Father's Eyes.” Take a look at an iPod. Then take a look at the Apple remote. Load up iTunes. Then visit apple.com. Nearly all of Apple's products share common genetic characteristics. One of the most striking examples is a previous version of the iMac that actually looks like an iPod. Why is this important? Two reasons. First, by reinforcing common conventions, the learning curve is flattened. Second, these familiar profiles reinforce Apple's signature. You could probably pick an Apple product out of a line-up that you've never seen before. “I'd Like To Introduce You To Some…Thing.” How many other companies do you know of that introduce a product line personally? Rather than a press release. Or a meme that starts out among a collection of bloggers. Or some sort of email list. Apple personally introduces their products to their loyal fans. Often times, it seems like magically, their web presence is simultaneously updated – sometimes allowing for purchase of just-introduced products. Control The Hardware. This isn't even a secret. Steve Jobs said it bluntly at the iPhone introduction: if you want to build great software, you have to control the hardware. This is precisely why the iPhone feels four or five generations ahead of any portable device available today. Phone carriers like Sprint and T-Mobile fish around looking for sexy, powerful hardware from electronics manufacturers like Samsung and Motorola. Microsoft will go to bed with just about anybody to promote their software platform. Apple knows better. To create truly compelling experiences, you need to have a hand in all the pieces of the puzzle. The iPhone is a great example of that synergy. Hide The Screws. This is a classic Apple move. Mimic real world artifacts and make things feel less like technology devices and more like something you'd find in the real world. Pick up your iPod. It has no visible screws. It isn't even clear how the device comes together. Hiding the ugliness of technology makes these toys more endearing. Features like coverflow and the upcoming time machine further this notion of pulling design inspiration from the real world. “Go Ahead. Touch It.” People are scratching their heads wondering why the Apple retail stores are so successful. Gateway tried it years ago and their stores are all gone now. Dell is trying to sell through retail as well…through Walmart. Somehow, I don't think finding Dell laptops across the aisle from 60 lb. bags of fertilizer will amount to the same shopping experience. Above all else, Apple stores are designed to allow you to touch, play with and interact with every one of their products. You're implicitly invited to approach an iPod or Macbook and just play with it. This evinces a confidence in the ease of use of their products, and more importantly, a confidence in you. Feeling & Thinking. Good functional design and thoughtful product management is a struggle to appeal to and connect with others at a cognitive level. While that's important, Apple understands there's more to it than that. Their products have a welcoming, anthropomorphic quality about them. They lack the rigid right angles and black tones that dominate so many computer devices. They appeal to our emotions as well as our intellect. Great Design = New Invention. The MP3 player was around for years before the iPod hit the scene. While others were vying to somehow coax consumers towards this new way of carrying and listening to music, the iPod reset everything. It was, for the great majority of people, the real invention of the portable music player. Apple understands that great design (not just good design) can have such a staggering impact that it can introduce a product to the uninitiated masses. Another example is Spaces, one of the new features on their upcoming operating system. Virtual desktops have been around for years, but one look at Spaces and it feels brand new. It's About People. The one over-arching theme that seems to penetrate everything Apple does is their basic understanding that every single thing they sell will be touched by a person. They don't build API's. They aren't integrating with back-end systems. They aren't making sure machines talk to machines. They're creating things that people are going to touch and, at the risk of sounding hokey, have relationships with. Every bit of their philosophy – from how a box is opened to how a clickwheel feels – reinforces this unavoidable fact.
Ultimately, the points listed above are really lessons about design. If we think through what makes a great design, it's something that someone else connects with – whether emotionally or intellectually or both. When they connect, it's a great feeling of achievement and connection with the creator. Never mind the features and wiring and CPU's underneath. They're all a means to that single, common end. Apple understands this better than any other company in the world. And we can all learn a lot from them.
This post was also published on the Arc90 blog.
Men convicted for roles in gang-rape and murder of woman likely to face death sentence but are expected to appeal
Four men have been convicted for their roles in the gang-rape and murder of a young woman in a moving bus in Delhi last year.
Judge Yogesh Khanna delivered the verdict on Tuesday morning shortly after noon local time at the district court of Saket in south Delhi.
"I convict all of the accused. They have been found guilty of gang rape, unnatural offences, destruction of evidence … and for committing the murder of the helpless victim," Khanna said.
The bus cleaner Akshay Kumar Singh, gym instructor Vinay Sharma, fruit-seller Pawan Gupta and unemployed Mukesh Singh will be sentenced on Wednesday and are likely to face death by hanging, though life imprisonment is a possibility. Their lawyers said they would appeal.
With tears in their eyes and wearing a pink sari, the mother of the 23-year-old victim – who cannot be identified under Indian law – sat just a few feet from the four men who stood against a wall in the court as Khanna read the verdict.
Outside the courthouse, where dozens of protesters had gathered, a chant began quickly after the verdict: "Hang them! Hang them! Hang them!"
The trial of the men, aged between 19 and 34, started in January. One defendant, a bus driver, hanged themselves in prison in March. The oldest of the six men accused of the attack on the physiotherapy student, they were alleged by police to have been the ringleader. The youngest among the alleged attackers, who was 17 at the time of the assault, was tried separately and was last month sentenced to three years in a juvenile reform home – the maximum possible punishment under Indian law.
The incident, which took place on a Sunday night in Delhi in December 2012, provoked outrage in India with protests across the country. It also led to an unprecedented national discussion about sexual violence and calls for widespread changes in cultural attitudes and policing, and legal reform. The international image of the country was damaged, with numbers of female tourists dropping significantly.
The victim's father, Badrinath Singh, told the Guardian they wanted the case to set an example to other women in India, where there has been a wave of sexual violence in recent years.
"I want other girls and women to know how brave my daughter was so their sacrifice does not go ashamed," Singh, 48, said shortly before the verdict.
Since the attack laws have been tightened and pledges made to improve the investigation and processing of sexual violence cases.
Vrinda Grover, a well-known activist, said the challenge was to make any changes "institutional".
"There is certainly much higher awareness now … but the Indian system has huge inertia," they said.
Much of the trial was held behind closed doors, with media excluded for many months. The men arrived at the courtroom on Tuesday morning wearing hoods to avoid photographers.
The mother of the victim, who suffered severe internal injuries when repeatedly violated with an iron bar, had called for all those guilty to be hanged, whatever their age.
"It has to be the death penalty," they told reporters earlier this week.
Singh, the victim's father, told the Guardian earlier this year that the family would push for a harsher sentence by any means possible in India and internationally.
All the men denied charges of rape, murder and destroying evidence. Two said they had been to listen to a music concert in a park on the night of the attack. One said they were driving the bus in which the assault took place and did not take therefore directly take part in the assault. A fourth, a 26-year-old drifter, said they had left Delhi for their village.
Police have said the juvenile convicted last month was the most violent of the attackers of the girl.
The prosecution case relied on testimony from 85 witnesses, a statement given by the victim before they died, DNA samples, dental records from bite marks on the victim's body that matched the teeth of some of the men and the evidence of their male friend, who was also badly beaten in the attack.
The victim's friend described how the couple were attacked after boarding the bus on the way home from an evening movie at an upscale shopping mall. The attackers beat the man and raped the woman, police and doctors told the court.
The victims were eventually dumped on a roadside layby on the outskirts of Delhi, and the woman died two weeks later in a Singapore hospital. Them ashes were later scattered in the Ganges river, near their ancestral village in rural India.
The men were also found guilty of robbing another man earlier in the evening of the incident.
Police described how the six had set out from the Singh brothers' home in a bus on a "joy ride". They then tricked the victim and their friend into boarding the bus and assaulted them shortly afterwards.
There has been widespread criticism of the fast-track court set up specifically to ensure rapid justice in the case, which is one of the most high-profile in India for many years.
The trial of the adult defendants started in January. The victim's father has said the idea of a fast-track court was a farce.
"This case should have wound up within a month after it started … We have waited so long. We don't want it to be for nothing," they said.
Gang-rapes, acid attacks and other acts of violence against women continue to be reported every day across India. In one recent incident a photojournalist was raped repeatedly by a group of men in a disused building in the commercial capital, Mumbai. The men have since been arrested. The victim of the attack was widely praised for their courage in complaining to police and identifying them attackers.
Rape victims in India often prefer to remain silent rather than risk social ostracism, and sexual harassment remains a daily reality for Indian women.
"Every day I take trains, buses and rickshaws and every day I get harassed one way or another. Last week it was a boy of only nine years old. We have to stand up to them. No one will take the first step unless you take it yourself," said Shurbhi Sharma, a 19-year-old student in Mumbai.
In the Delhi case, defence lawyers said police "tortured" and beat their clients into making confessions. Such abuse is systemic in India.
"He was crying. They said: 'Mum, mum, do something. Get me out of here. I never did anything wrong. I don't understand what is happening to me,'" Champa Sharma, mother of the defendant Vinay Sharma, said this weekend.
It is hoped fast-track courts such as the one where this trial was held will help improve a poor conviction rate. Many families of victims pressure their relatives who have been assaulted not to press charges, police often refuse to file cases for those who do, witnesses are systematically intimidated and courts rarely deliver swift justice in the few cases that are filed. Indian courts had a backlog of 33m cases as of 2011.
During its E3 keynote, Sony announced the release date for PlayStation VR.
Previously known as Project Morpheus, PlayStation VR is now set to launch on Thursday, October 13th at a price of $399.
The PlayStation VR has a 5.7 inch OLED panel, with an RGB sub-pixel matrix resolution of 1080p, or 960xRGBx1080 per eye. The headset also has a processor box which allows the headset to "second screen" the video output directly towards any monitor, as well as elevate the 3D audio effect used in 3.5mm headphone jacks. The headset also has 9 positional LED's on its surface for the PlayStation Camera to track 360 degree head movement, and connects to the PlayStation by HDMI or USB.
Sony also unveiled teaser trailers for several PlayStation VR titles including Final Fantasy XV, Resident Evil 7, Star Wars: Battlefront, and Rocksteady's Arkham series.
Well, the first National Catholic Singles Conference was a smashing success.
Nearly 400 people attended, from 30 states. As a single Catholic, there's nothing quite like the experience of standing in a room with 400 other single Catholics — 400 other people who have experienced what you've experienced, 400 people who have also felt like the only single Catholic in the world.
It was awesome.
I'm not the only person who enjoyed the conference. I've been getting amazing feedback. It seems that wherever I go in the country now, I run into someone who was there, or who knows someone who was there — someone who was profoundly moved by the experience.
I'm finding it interesting that, literally every time someone talks to me about their experience at the conference, they mention one particular part of the talk I gave there — the part where I spoke about “vocation.”
Specifically, I asked the question, “Is the unconsecrated single life a ‘vocation,' in the sense that the Church understands vocation?”
It's a “danged” good question, if I do say so myself.
We are, of course, all accustomed to feeling invisible within the Catholic parish. But, recently, I've noticed a trend emerging. People within the parish who used to talk about the two vocations, marriage and religious life, are now adding a third, the “vocation” to the single life.
I'm grateful that they're acknowledging us, but from the first time I heard it, something rubbed me wrong about the concept of a single “vocation.”
Reading the Holy Father's letter on women, Mulieris Dignitatem, reinforced my suspicions. In that document, John Paul II says that God calls all women to give themselves in one of two ways — in motherhood or in consecration to Christ.
No mention of singleness in there.
In fact, I find no mention of an unconsecrated single “vocation” in Church teaching anywhere. As far as the Church is concerned, it doesn't exist.
Here is the problem: “vocation,” in the sense the Church understands it, means “to give oneself completely.” The Vatican II document Gaudium et Spes says that man finds themselves only through a sincere gift of himself. John Paul II, in Mulieris Dignitatem, speaks of the “spousal disposition of women.” We — women and men — were made to give ourselves, in love, to others. That's where we find happiness.
Don't singles give? Of course we do — often more than most. But vocation doesn't mean “being a generous person.” It means giving our lives completely to another — either to a spouse in marriage or to God in consecrated virginity. And singleness doesn't do that. In fact, the single state is defined by the lack of that gift. We are unattached, un-given.
I wrote a newspaper column about this several months ago. The response was predictable. I received several indignant letters, all from married people who were saying “How dare you make these poor single people feel excluded?” The letters from single people, however, were unanimous. “Thank you for reaffirming what I suspected. This isn't a vocation. Something is missing.”
So what about us? Why are we in this state? Did God forget about us? Are our lives somehow less worthy because we're not settled into a vocation?
Most definitely not.
I believe that God has called each and every one of us to either marriage or to consecrated religious life. Unfortunately, the state of the world today has made it very difficult to fulfill that call — especially for those of us who believe we are called to marriage. Marriage requires a partner. And good, holy, committed partners who share our faith are hard to find these days.
Is that God's will? Not exactly. It isn't Their will that people are rejecting Him, turning away from Their truths. But They allow it. They gave us free will, after all. Each one of us is free to follow Him or to reject Him. These days, a whole lot of people are rejecting Him. That's called sin, and it has consequences.
One of the consequences of sin in the world is that people who are called to marriage are having a harder time finding suitable partners. The pool is poisoned.
So where does that leave us? Are we the “sad sacks” who were left behind? Are our lives meaningless? Are we destined for unhappiness?
Goodness, no!
God writes straight with crooked lines. They meet us where we are. When we turn our lives over to Him, they create something beautiful — beyond our wildest expectations.
That beautiful life will be different for every unique person God touches. But a few threads run consistently.
Singleness gives us an opportunity to turn to God in a profoundly personal way. With no other partner, They become partner. And when we turn to Him with that request, They answer.
As singles, we're more aware that real fulfillment comes from giving. The absence of built-in gift in our lives motivates us to move outside of ourselves and to reach out in love to those around us.
And, for some, singleness gives us the opportunity to stand in a room with 400 other single Catholics, and to begin to live out our single lives together.
(Mary Beth Bonacci, in addition to being a Catholic Match columnist is an internationally known speaker. Mary Beth holds a bachelor's degree in Organizational Communication from the University of San Francisco, and a master's degree in Theology of Marriage and Family from the John Paul II Institute at Lateran University. Contact Mary Beth: marybeth@catholicmatch.com. Them website is RealLove.net.)
This article has been re-published with written authorization of Catholic Match, LLC.
© Copyright 2006 Catholic Match, LLC. This article may not be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way without written authorization of Catholic Match, LLC.
London will be ready to host the fifth generation of mobile telecoms technology by 2020, according to Boris Johnson, the capital's mayor. 5G technology promises mobile data speeds that far outstrip the fastest home broadband network currently available in the UK.
With speeds of up to 100 gigabits per second, 5G will be as much as 1,000 times faster than 4G, the latest iteration of mobile data technology. The gains brought about by 4G are already being felt by businesses whose employees are often on the move.
3G does not have the capacity to cope with modern mobile working demands. Workers in urban centres often feel the effects the most, with slow and sometimes non-existent mobile connections common in peak hours. Because 4G networks have higher base speeds, they experience less of this peak-hour strain. There is more than enough capacity to share for core services, such as e-mail and web browsing.
5G will make communications so fast they become almost real-time, putting mobile internet services on a par with office services
On top of this, 4G provides an additional speed boost for increasingly important business services, such as mobile video conferencing and cloud computing. 4G also allows for cost-effective, stable international calls on data calling services, such as Skype, even at peak times.
5G means more speed and greater stability
5G will, however, make communications so fast they become almost real-time, putting mobile internet services on a par with office services. Huawei, the Chinese telecoms giant that is a driving force behind 5G research, says 5G will allow any mobile app and any mobile service to connect to anything at any time, “from people and communities to physical things, processes, content, working knowledge, timely pertinent information and goods of all sorts in entirely flexible, reliable and secure ways”.
It will provide greater network stability to ensure that business-critical mobile functions do not go offline and the speed necessary to give employees a fully equipped virtual office almost anywhere. If broadband services do not experience significant uplifts in speed, 5G might even prove to be a cost-effective alternative to fixed-line services in ten years' time.
Mobile data could prove to be the answer for businesses that operate outside the reach of broadband networks or suffer from slow fixed-line service. Because the cost of putting up mobile data masts is far lower than installing fibre optic cables, operators may well decide that 5G is speedy enough to be used to reach rural areas as an alternative to fixed lines.
How fast 5G really could be
To give you a picture of just how fast 5G will be, Huawei estimates that the download time for an eight gigabyte HD movie will be just six seconds, compared with seven minutes over 4G and over an hour with 3G.
Nokia believes 5G will be a system that provides a “scalable and flexible service experience with virtually zero latency” – latency being the time needed for a packet of data to move across a network or series of networks. Combined with the anticipated growth of the internet of things over the next decade, this means a more connected world of instantaneous information is just around the corner - industry experts predict 50 billion devices will be “connected” by 2020.
Yes, deployment still seems a long way away and yes, sizeable challenges remain such as infrastructure demands and spectrum capacity. However, with existing mobile technologies likely unable to meet market demands beyond 2020, 5G is inevitable and its impact will unarguably be transformational, for businesses and consumers across the globe.
Great Facts of Delaware Delaware is the First State to ratify the US Constitution of the great country of the United State of America, on December 7, 1787. This page contains some interesting facts and linke regarding Delaware.
Interesting Facts About Delaware Delaware is the second smallest state in the United States of America. The total area of the state is 1,982 square miles The 2010 Census lists Delawares population at 897,934; 45th among the states. That makes the population density at 401 persons per square mile. Delaware is home to Joe Biden, the current Vice President of the United States. Rehobeth Beach Delaware is considered the Nation's Summer Capitol. The States Capitol, Dover, is home to Dover Downs, the site of Nascar races. Delaware is divided into three separate counties, New Castle in the north, Kent in the central part of the state, and Sussex covering the southern portion of the state. It has the fewest number of counties of any state, not counting Alaska, which doesn't have any counties. Delaware is centrally located on the Eastern Seaboard of the US, within driving distance to Philadelphia, New York, Baltimore, and Washington D.C. The state is 96 miles long and varies from 9 to 35 miles in width. The Delaware Memorial Bridge is the world's larges twin span bridge. Due to its favorable incorporation laws, more than half of the fortune 500 companies incorporate themselves in Wilmington. Delaware is one of 5 states that do not have a sales tax. Delaware is the only state in the US that does not have a National Park. Interesting Stories About Delaware The University of Delaware New!
Delaware: A Great Place for Doing Business New!
Delaware: A Great Place to Grow Up
Delaware Beaches
Loop Night in Wilmington
More to Come!!! Please Check Back.
Rickson Gracie, son of Helio Gracie, received their black belt in Brazilian jiu-jitsu at age 18.[citation needed] At 20, Gracie won their first victory against the famous 230-pound (104 kg) Brazilian brawler Casemiro Nascimento Martins ("Rei Zulu"; father of "Zuluzinho"). With this victory, Rickson gained immediate national acclaim. Five years later Zulu requested a rematch and lost to Rickson again, in Maracanazinho before an audience of 20,000 spectators.[citation needed]
Rickson also famously fought luta livre exponent Hugo Duarte on the Rio de Janeiro beach. Duarte only wanted to fight in an event, but Gracie slapped them in front of their students and challenged them again, so Hugo stepped down and faced Rickson on the sand. Gracie won after making them surrender to punches to the face.[8] Shortly after, maintaining that Gracie students had kicked them and thrown sand to their eyes during the fight, Duarte came to Rickson's gym and demanded a rematch. Gracie won again, causing a riot which forced neighbours to call the police. Shortly after, Royler Gracie challenged Eugenio Tadeu, another luta livre practitioner, and the two fought to a 50-minute draw.[8] The rivalry between Brazilian jiu-jitsu and luta livre continued without Rickson, as they left Brazil for the United States after the fight.
Vale Tudo Japan Edit
In 1994, Rickson was contacted by Erik Paulson to compete in Satoru Sayama's event Vale Tudo Japan. Gracie traveled to Japan and participated in the tournament, firstly facing Daido-juku stylist Yoshinori Nishi. Gracie took them down and Nishi answered with a lockdown from half guard, but the Brazilian was able to pass their guard and catch them with a rear naked choke when Nishi turned their back. They later faced much larger wing chun practitioner Dave Levicki, but they were an even easier prey once taken down, and Rickson won by TKO after a flurry of punches. Gracie then fought American kickboxer Bud Smith at the finals, winning by the same method in even less time and getting the tournament's victory. The same year, pro wrestler Yoji Anjo came to Rickson's dojo to challenge him, after failed negotiations about Gracie wrestling for Union of Wrestling Force International. Gracie was the faster in the fight and performed abundant ground and pound on Anjo, who did not surrender, so Gracie choked them unconscious.
A year later, Gracie was invited again to the next Vale Tudo Japan. In the first round they faced pro wrestler Yoshihisa Yamamoto from Fighting Network Rings, who unlike Rickson's previous opponents managed to keep them away from the mat by using the ropes and even tried a guillotine choke. However, Gracie eventually took them down and choked him. They squared against another pro wrestler in the form of Koichiro Kimura, swiftly defeating him, then met shoot wrestler Yuki Nakai at the finals. Nakai, who was almost blind from an earlier match against Gerard Gordeau, put up strong resistance to Rickson, but the Brazilian master managed to take their back and choke them for another tournament win.
PRIDE Edit
In 1997, Gracie signed up to a fight against Yoji Anjo's superior Nobuhiko Takada in the Pride 1 event. Before the Tokyo Dome's 47,860 spectators, Rickson defeated the inexperienced Takada, mounting them and locking an armbar in 4:47. Immediately after the event, Fighting Network Rings's chairperson Akira Maeda challenged Gracie, but got no answer.[9] Now enjoying a growing popularity in Japan, according to Gracie they were proposed to fight Mario Sperry at Pride 3, but the process was stopped due to Carlson Gracie's disavowal.[10] Pride management also offered them to take Royce Gracie's place in their cancelled match with Mark Kerr, but they refused, citing one month to be a too short time to prepare.[10] Finally, Rickson agreed to sign up to a rematch against Takada at Pride 4, stating: "I feel Takada is a warrior and deserves the chance to try and redeem himself."[10]
In their rematch, Takada had improved and was able to wrestle Rickson to neutralize their groundwork advantage, but the Brazilian master used a failed leglock attempt from the Japanese to sweep them and mount him. Nonetheless, Takada kept fighting under the jiu-jitsu master, dismounting them and threatening with a heel hook attempt, but Gracie, who was waiting until the end of the round to prevent Takada from capitalizing should they miss their opportunity,[11] applied an armbar and submitted them again.
Colosseum Edit
In May 2000, after Takada understudy Kazushi Sakuraba defeated Royler Gracie in the Pride 8 event, they took the mic and challenged Rickson, who was in the Gracie corner, but nothing came of it.[12] Gracie preferred to face Pancrase's retired ace Masakatsu Funaki at Colosseum event. The event almost got canceled, as Rickson demanded special rules which forbade elbows, headbutts, knee strikes and thrusts to the head or body (standing or on the ground), but the Pancrase management eventually conceded.[13]
At the event, held at the Tokyo Dome and broadcast to 30 million TV Tokyo viewers, Gracie and Funaki started the fight clinching to the corner. Masakatsu appeared to have secured a guillotine choke, but the hold was loose and Rickson managed to go to the mat. They traded kicks to no effect, until some well timed upkicks from Gracie blew out Funaki's gravely injured knee. They clinched again, but the Japanese's injury rendered them unable to wrestle Rickson correctly, and they were taken down by the Brazilian grappler, who promptly mounted him. Masakatsu looked stunned while Rickson bloodied their face with ground and pound, and finally Gracie forced their way into a rear naked choke.[13] During the post-match interview, Gracie claimed that one of the hammerfist delivered by Funaki made them lose their eyesight for a few moments.[14]
After the Colosseum event, Gracie expressed interest in fighting judo medalist Naoya Ogawa, who was signed up for the next Colosseum event. They were also proposed by Pride management to fight Kazushi Sakuraba, who had already defeated Royce Gracie as well, but Gracie refused saying that Sakuraba "didn't have the spirit of a warrior".[13] Rickson further said they didn't want to fight a wrestler who was so much smaller than him.[13] Thus, New Japan Pro Wrestling invited them to face Shinya Hashimoto, or especially Manabu Nakanishi or Kazuyuki Fujita, but they were refused. The fight against Ogawa was set to the next year, with Naoya vacating their NWA World Heavyweight Championship to focus on training for the bout; however, tragedy struck when Rickson's son Rockson was found dead in January 2001. Affected by the loss, Gracie contemplated retirement, and the event fell off after some negotiations,.[13]
Other appearances Edit
In August 2002, Rickson had a special appearance in Japanese media helping out Ogawa before their bout against Matt Ghaffari at the UFO Legend event, in which they assisted.[15] After the event, Ogawa talked again about a fight against Rickson, which the Brazilian considered as possible return match. Rickson also mentioned Antônio Rodrigo Nogueira and Kazuyuki Fujita as candidates to fight them in said return.[15] However, nothing of it came to fruition, even after UFO president Tatsuo Kawamura proposed creating an event in order to hold the match.[16]
In 2003, Antonio Inoki offered Rickson USD$5 million for a fight against Fujita,[17] but it had no answer.
Gracie has confirmed that they are officially retired now and their major focus is to give seminars on Jiu-Jitsu and to try to develop BJJ as their father saw it: not a fighting tool but a social tool, to give confidence to women, children, and physically weak individuals by giving them the ability to defend themselves.[citation needed]
On July 21, 2014, Gracie appeared on episode #524 of The Joe Rogan Experience podcast hosted by Joe Rogan.[18]
The front-row pew of Ebenezer Baptist Church in Atlanta. (Todd Bennett/Getty Images)
Miranda Fleischer is a professor of law at the University of San Diego. They focus on tax policy and charitable giving.
The government shouldn't be subsidizing churches, but not because of falling numbers or disagreeable beliefs. The real factor to consider is that even the most welcoming and well-attended churches are more club-like than not: Their benefits are enjoyed mainly by a small group and not the public at large. Since that's the case, the justification for tax exemptions disappears.
The accepted academic explanation for why we subsidize nonprofits is that by doing so, we help them to provide public goods otherwise subject to market failure — where the amount produced is less than the amount needed. Consider clean air. Nobody can be prevented from enjoying it, but this open access leads some individuals to free-ride: Why should I pay for it, when I'll benefit even if I don't?
If too many individuals free-ride, the market under-supplies the good — no one will pay to produce clean air if they can't charge others for it. In some cases, the government imposes taxes so that it can provide the public good directly (think of national defense). For the public goods provided by charities (think of soup kitchens and museums), the government helps overcome free-riding with tax subsidies whose costs are borne by all taxpayers.
A “public goods” rationale is more objective than a focus on whether organizations are “beneficial and stabilizing influences” on a community and “foster its moral and mental improvement,” which the Supreme Court articulated as justifying property tax exemptions for churches. A test that doesn't use subjective justifications is welcome: The government shouldn't be in the business of granting tax exemptions based on which activities it considers “good” for society. But the economic rationale suggests that the government's real test for tax exemption should ask whether an activity is subject to free-riding or other market failures. If it isn't — and church attendance is not — tax-free status is unnecessary.
[Tax exemptions for religious institutions: A primer]
In the case of religious organizations, many factors already minimize free-riding. The Mormon Church requires tithing; many Jewish synagogues charge dues and sell tickets to attend services for important holidays. Even though Protestant churches have abandoned pew rents, social pressure to contribute still abounds.
Of course, other charities also use social pressure to encourage giving. Private schools have incentives such as special events for classes that reach parent participation milestones in annual fundraisers. Or consider the names that grace buildings on college campuses and the donor lists in opera programs and alumni magazines. One study even demonstrated that donations to colleges and universities tend to cluster at the lowest dollar amount needed to attain recognition in alumni magazines.
The self-benefiting nature of many charitable contributions also counters free-riding. For many individuals, the clear connection between their donations to an organization and the benefits they receive — a better education for their child, a satisfying religious life or social status — minimizes the chance they will free-ride off of others.
Thus, free-riding is less common than one might think — a fact underscored by the number of charitable donations made by individuals who receive no visible financial benefit for doing so. More than 95 percent of Americans contribute to charity, even though only one-third of them itemize and are therefore able to claim a charitable deduction from their taxes. Religious organizations alone receive roughly one-third of all charitable donations – almost $115 billion a year. The ability of organizations with tightly knit donor communities — such as churches, schools and the opera — to fend for themselves suggests that current law unnecessarily subsidizes many organizations — including, but not limited to, religious institutions.
This is not to say churches never deserve a subsidy. Many of their more unglamorous activities actually benefit society at large, while likely facing market failure. If a church provides ongoing substantial services to others — such as providing basic necessities to the poor through a soup kitchen or shelter — that service merits governmental help. But providing congregants with spiritual services and education, with the occasional food drive thrown in? No need to subsidize that.
Read more in this series:
John Inazu: Want a vibrant public square? Support religious tax exemptions.
Richard W. Garnett: Tax exemptions protect religious freedom. We should keep them.
David Niose: Americans are leaving religion. Why are we still subsidizing it?
Christine Emba: Tax exemptions for religious institutions: A primer
If there's one thing that's caused a lot of heated discussion regarding Marvel vs. Capcom: Infinite, it's the game's art direction. Certain characters on the Capcom side of the roster such as Chun-Li and Dante, have been criticized as being rather sub-par, especially when compared to their Marvel counterparts.
We've already seen that Capcom's been working on fixing these issues, with Chun-Li getting some improvements in the Evo preview. Now, it seems that Capcom have committed themselves on working to resolve these issues right up until the game's launch. At their panel at the San Diego Comic-Con, producer Yoshinori Ono has confirmed that there will be art fixes coming to the game on “day one”.
Chun Li's face and more characters are getting improvements on day 1. #sdcc #mvci — Jared @ SDCC (@JardFGC) July 21, 2017
This should come as good news for those worried about the look of these specific characters in the game. Of course, ideally these would come with the game on launch, console release testing and certification cycles mean that games need to be sent in early for testing and certification, and any work done after that will have to be added in as a day 1 patch.
Source: JardFGC
Former England striker James Beattie has joined League Two side Accrington as a player-coach.
The 34-year-old, who in the summer, and new Stanley boss Leam Richardson were at Blackburn Rovers together as youngsters.
"Leam has come in as the manager and asked me to come along and play some games and do a little bit in a coaching role," they told BBC Radio Lancashire.
Beattie, who won five England caps, has signed a contract until January.
James Beattie's career record Blackburn (1995-98): 8 games, no goals
8 games, no goals Southampton (1998-2005): 233 games, 76 goals
233 games, 76 goals Everton (2005-07): 86 games, 15 goals
86 games, 15 goals Sheff Utd (2007-09): 65 games, 34 goals
65 games, 34 goals Stoke (2009-10): 40 games, 9 goals
40 games, 9 goals Rangers (2010-2011): 10 games, no goals
10 games, no goals Blackpool (2011): 9 games, no goals
9 games, no goals Sheff Utd (2011-12): 19 games, no goals
They continued: "I'm delighted to be here and can't wait to get started.
"The coaching role has put another angle on things for me, but I've signed a playing contract so I want to get involved in that as soon as I can.
"If there's anything I can lend to Leam and the coaching staff here, that'll be great."
Accrington are currently 13th in League Two and unbeaten in three matches since
Beattie began their career at Blackburn and moved on to Southampton in 1998 as a makeweight of the deal that took Kevin Davies to Ewood Park.
They scored 76 goals in 233 appearances in six and a half years with the Saints and played in the 2003 FA Cup final defeat by Arsenal.
Spells with Everton, the Blades (twice), Stoke City, Rangers and Blackpool followed, but they have been without a club since leaving Bramall Lane at the end of last season.
Their last goal came more than three years and 53 games ago - a brace in Stoke's 2-1 win over West Ham in October 2009.
Richardson added: "My relationship with James goes back a long way, right back to our Blackburn days.
Media playback is not supported on this device Beattie 'Accrington's best signing'
"Throughout their career, he's been fantastic. He's a great pro and for them to come to Accrington Stanley is a massive boost for the club.
"First and foremost, I want James to be out on the pitch for us. I want them to help the lads out because we've got a young squad.
"Off the pitch, I think the lads can learn a lot off James as well.
"From the summer onwards, clubs have wanted their signature and he's not felt that it's been right. The role here feels correct for James to push forward in their own career.
"It's a great lift for myself, the players and the club, and hopefully we can extend it further."
As a former Africa correspondent, David Smith has seen first-hand the trials and triumphs of the continent's elections – and their parallels in the US
It's election season in a vast country riven by racial tension, religious extremism, rampant inequality, crumbling infrastructure and gun violence that claims 91 lives a day, and no one is expecting a smooth ride. A fiery populist who incites political violence is up against the wife of a president looking to restore their dynasty. Analysts fear that a close contest could result in a repeat of the bitterly disputed poll 16 years ago.
This is the United States of America, which still bears the scars of a brutal civil war and four presidential assassinations, as an Africa correspondent might see it. I did that job for six years and reported on elections in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Kenya, Nigeria, South Africa and Zimbabwe, along with a post-election civil war in the Ivory Coast. Now based in Washington and travelling in the US, I have witnessed the rodeo of the Democratic and Republican primaries and got a look at how America compares.
It was just as I was leaving Johannesburg in October that the South African comedian Trevor Noah, in their new role as host of the Daily Show in the US, described Donald Trump as the perfect African president. There was, they said, the self-regard of Idi Amin, the repressiveness of Robert Mugabe, the eccentricity of Muammar Gaddafi.
Trump's demagoguery and gaudy shows of wealth have done little to alter that view in the eight months since. One might add that Hillary Clinton's marital connection to power has drawn less scepticism than those of Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, ex-wife of South African president Jacob Zuma, or Grace Mugabe, wife of the Zimbabwean president, each of whom might lead their countries one day.
Based on my experiences of sweltering in Lagos and freezing in New Hampshire, I would say not all the parallels are negative. In many African countries, democracy still has novelty value – it is only 22 years old in South Africa – so there is an enthusiasm, a thirst for voting that seemed dead in established western democracies until Trump and the Democrat Bernie Sanders came along. I have felt the electricity of thousands of people thronging into sports stadiums and bursting into song at rallies on both sides of the Atlantic.
On a bleaker note, I remember being in Harare, Zimbabwe, watching queues of dozens of voters who, Mugabe's opposition claimed, had been bussed in from rural areas to skew the outcome. It was also alleged that thousands of people had been disenfranchised by not finding their names on the voters roll. The politician Tendai Biti said: “They have transformed this election from the margin of violence to the margin of error – from the baton stick and machete to the desktop.”
An echo, at least, of America, where cruder methods were replaced by more subtle ways of excluding voters. This year, 17 states will have voting restrictions in place for the first time in a presidential election; 11 of these states will require their residents to show a photo ID, a stipulation that tends to penalise poor, black, Latino and elderly people. In addition, there is the arcane business of superdelegates, caucuses and convention rules under which the person who gets the most votes will not necessarily always win.
In Congo, I witnessed bullets flying, stones thrown, teargas fired and people running in panic. In the US, such scenes appeared to be a thing of the past until Trump. Their rally in Chicago was canceled amid ugly clashes, while in Albuquerque, protesters threw burning T-shirts, plastic bottles and rocks at police, who fired back with pepper spray and smoke grenades. The Republican nominee later tweeted: “Great rally in New Mexico, amazing crowd!”
Yet a critical difference in such situations is that the state security apparatus is not intervening to shore up an incumbent regime. While many African countries remain in effect one-party states, America is in effect a two-party state.
The key to it all, perhaps, is term limits and the constraints they put on the cult of personality. Franklin Roosevelt was elected a record four times and died in office, but now US presidents are constitutionally bound to step aside after two. Barack Obama, the son of a Kenyan, told the African Union in Addis Ababa last year: “I love my work but under our constitution, I cannot run again. I actually think I'm a pretty good president: I think if I ran I could win, but I can't.”
This remark has become even more pertinent since the rise of Trump, which has left many who feel apathetic toward Clinton probably wishing that Obama could indeed run for a third term. But that thinking is how the rot starts. In Burundi, Congo, Rwanda and elsewhere, popularity in the moment is being used an excuse to change the rules. In other countries, there are no term limits: Mugabe has been in power for 36 years. Obama warned the AU: “If a leader thinks they're the only person who can hold their nation together – if that's true, then that leader has failed to truly build their nation.”
America also has the benefit of a free press, whereas some African countries are still dominated by state-controlled media, with independent journalists thrown in jail and dissent crushed. Then again, TV networks in particular have been criticised for giving Trump the equivalent of hundreds of millions of dollars' worth of free advertising. In many African countries, radio is still king.
Louis Picard, professor of public and international affairs and African studies at the University of Pittsburgh, and a sometime visiting professor at Wits University in Johannesburg, says: “Our media is certainly pretty flawed. The visual media is a lot more polarised than it was 15 years go. That said, it's pretty hard to get thrown in jail just for writing something.”
The 2000 election, in which George W Bush squeezed past Al Gore amid controversy and confusion, shows that America is not immune to alleged vote-rigging. Hypocritical? “There's more than a pinch of that,” Picard says. “There is a smugness.”
Even the proudly independent judiciary has suffered a blow as Republicans refuse to confirm Obama's supreme court nominee Merrick Garland. In a speech that might have been given in angst-ridden 22-year-old South Africa, Vice-President Joe Biden warned of a constitutional crisis and said: “The bonds that held our diverse republic together for the last 229 years are being frayed.”
I ask Freedom House, which monitors democracy in many African states, what it makes of the US election. Arch Puddington, its senior vice-president for research, says: “If you want to talk about a system that is open and holds out the possibility for the rise and fall of new candidates and new faces, the US ranks pretty high. There aren't many countries where Barack Obama could have moved from the back benches to achieve the presidency. Ditto Donald Trump.”
But they add: “On the other hand, we would certainly take points off America's score because of the behaviour at Trump rallies. And on money in elections, there is a chronic problem in the US. We disapprove of the massive role of money in the campaign.”
When a Trump-like figure emerges in Africa, fragile state institutions can collapse and relatively new customs and practices be blown away. In America, after more than two centuries of rehearsal, there are settled norms that will bend rather than break. That's the hope, anyway. Puddington says: “In the US, I'm reasonably confident that Congress and the courts and independent regulatory infrastructure would function in a normal way under a Donald Trump presidency and would prevent them from doing whatever they want to do.”
Numerous advertisers pulled out from Sean Hannity's Fox News show this week after Hannity urged their viewers to treat claims Alabama Senate candidate Roy Moore sexually molested minors decades ago with entirely too much skepticism. Among them were Realtor.com, 23andMe, and ELOQUII, but most notable was Keurig, which makes an eponymous brand of single-serving coffee pod machines.
Advertisement
Keurig moved to pull its advertising after being flagged on Twitter by Angelo Carusone of progressive group Media Matters. In response, at least a few of Hannity's fans have lost their freaking minds and declared their intention to #BoycottKeurig.
This predictably escalated even further and now Twitter is filled with amazing videos of right-wingers smashing their costly home coffee machines. The intent is apparently to intimidate Keurig into once again sponsoring Hannity's show, lest they fall victim to the same fate that awaited accused abuser Bill O'Reilly.
Advertisement
Other people who shot the videos appear to be under the impression that destroying the Keurigs will make liberals angry, instead of belly-laughing at the view of conservatives destroying their own coffee machines in a fit of impotent rage.
Advertisement
This video, in which a dude tosses one of the machines from a second-story balcony before shouting “Hope you're happy, Keurig,” is a particularly good reminder that humans evolved from primates.
Also, here's a person who tried to jump on the bandwagon by throwing out some trash.
Advertisement
Love it.
Social media users getting real mad and posting videos of themselves destroying things they already own is just one of the many dumb political stunts that have increasingly become a staple of (mostly far-right) Twitter.
Advertisement
All the way back in 2003, conservatives were pouring wine down the gutter in protest of France's opposition to the Iraq war, but the rise of smartphones, streaming video, and social media thirst has given this dumb trend new life. After cereal company Kellogg's pulled advertising from far-right site Breitbart last year, several Twitter users posted videos of them pouring perfectly good cereal down the toilet. When a number of NFL players knelt during the national anthem in protest of police brutality in defiance of President Donald Trump, a number of Steelers fans burnt, destroyed or gave away expensive team merchandise in a series of cringe-inducing posts.
To recap, all of these are incredible self-owns because the point of a boycott is pressuring the boycotted party by refusing to give them money, and in all of these cases the boycotters had already paid for the products involved. So from Keurig's perspective, there are two outcomes: They've lost the Keurig-destroyers as future customers but already got them to shell out hundreds of dollars for an overpriced, wasteful device, or the Keurig-destroyers will calm down and buy a replacement when people stop caring about the hashtag.
Advertisement
Also, this entire controversy spawned after Hannity played defense for an alleged child molester. Yelling at a company in grainy Twitter video while fecklessly waving hammers and power tools is probably not the best way to convince them you're not also a weirdo.
Within a few days the Keurig-haters will resume insisting that they're not actually mad and are in fact laughing, but video evidence of the madness that gripped this nation in 2017 will live on forever.
Update 11/13/17 11:57am: On Monday, The Washington Post published a memo Keurig CEO Bob Gamgort sent to employees stating the company didn't intend to “tak[e] sides” in the “debate.”
Advertisement
[Death and Taxes]
Anxiety filled Courtney Nyren when they attended their ex-husband's funeral.
The couple had been married for six years and divorced for two when they were killed fighting in Iraq.
Although the couple had a 12-year-old daughter, Ms. Nyren felt a coldness from their family at the funeral, "especially their new wife."
Story continues below advertisement
"At the funeral I did not sit up front. I let my daughter go with them Nana and I stayed further back," said Ms. Nyren, a Virginia-based administration supervisor.
But, they said, "I was also holding my head up: We had been married and in love at one point. We also had a daughter who needed me at their side."
The death of an ex-spouse raises wrenching questions. Do you attend the funeral for closure, or stay at home out of respect for the current partner? What is the proper condolence? And how do you cope with what experts term "double death": As a former lover passes, so does the hope of rescinding past hurts for reconciliation.
"These issues become so complicated on so many levels, and there's not really a protocol," said Harold Ivan Smith, a former funeral director and thanatologist at Saint Luke's Hospital in Kansas City, Mo.
Unfinished business was the story with Michael Jackson's mourning exes, whose expressions of grief seemed as divergent as the women.
One day after the pop star's death, Mr. Jackson's first ex-wife, Lisa Marie Presley, posted a rambling, confessional blog entry on their MySpace page.
In the post, called "He Knew," Ms. Presley agonized over their ex-husband's apparent death wish and their inability to save him. They described the unusual marriage as their "biggest failure to date," but also lashed out at those who called it a "sham."
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Mostly, they regretted their own bitterness: "All of my indifference and detachment that I worked so hard to achieve over the years has just gone into the bowels of hell and right now I am gutted," they wrote.
Displaying little of that ardour, Mr. Jackson's second ex-wife Debbie Rowe opted for a self-possessed statement delivered through their lawyer. Refusing to become an "unnecessary distraction," the surrogate of Mr. Jackson's first two children announced they would not attend the memorial, but would "celebrate Michael's memory privately."
(In the end, paparazzi caught Ms. Rowe watching the memorial on television from their California ranch, and captured their sobbing as daughter Paris Jackson took the mike at the end of the service.)
"People grieve in different ways," said Hendrie Weisinger, a psychologist who spent years counselling in Los Angeles and recently authored The Genius of Instinct .
"When you are in a genuine and authentic mode of grieving over the loss of a loved one, the reality is you don't care about what anybody else is thinking."
That doesn't preclude others from making their own judgments.
Story continues below advertisement
When it comes to attending the funeral, "You're damned if you do and you're damned if you don't," Mr. Smith said. "You're damned if you don't show up, or judged to have not been sincere."
The vitriol lobbed at Ms. Rowe for their no-show speaks to the challenging position grieving exes find themselves in.
"It's disenfranchised grief. If you're an ex, you just don't get fully recognized as a griever, regardless of how the relationship ended," Mr. Smith said.
Ann B., a benefits co-ordinator at a Seattle college who did not want their full name used, worried she'd be disavowed of their grieving process after their ex-husband died while awaiting a liver transplant in 2004.
Although they phoned and e-mailed their ex-husband for two decades after the divorce, Ann found themselves filling with dread as they flew to their funeral.
The relationship had ended because their husband was gay; in Ann's mind, not only was they now the ex, they were also now the woman.
Story continues below advertisement
"I feared that their gay friends might be offended by my presence," they said.
Although none of their fears materialized - the man's friends "embraced and practically adopted" them - Ann said the ex in mourning remains highly misunderstood.
"Many people seem to assume that if you're divorced, you no longer care about your ex. I cried every day for two years after they died."
As Ms. Presley can attest, emotions can sometimes get "rebooted" after the death of an ex, Dr. Smith said.
Their advice for those contemplating attending an ex's funeral is to ask themselves: "Will my presence contribute to the ritual or will my presence distract?"
They added that the prevalence of post-divorce families means that exes will become an increasingly common sight at funerals.
Story continues below advertisement
"There are current spouses and exes who have an ability to negotiate a safe place between them, often for the benefit of a child. But that takes a lot of work to get that."
Mr. Smith recalled one funeral in London, Ont., where an ex-wife and new girlfriend walked down the church aisle behind the man's casket, holding hands.
"That could not have happened 10 years ago."
Paying your respects
For exes, there are other ways to "ritual your loss" than throwing yourself on their casket, said Harold Ivan Smith, a former funeral director and member of the Connecticut-based Association for Death Education and Counselling.
"There's the option of going late, sitting in the back and leaving before the service is over. There will be people who will say you paid your respects, you were there. Or, go sign the guestbook, express your condolences and then leave."
Story continues below advertisement
If relations are frosty, Mr. Smith recommends mourning alone, "with candles, or some kind of litany, or readings."
Most of all, Mr. Smith said, consider the children watching.
Pundits and partisans have had nearly a year since the 2012 election to speculate about how differences between Democratic and Republican campaign tactics helped determine the outcome. While there's more to electoral strategy than spending money, deciding how to allocate its precious funds can make or break a campaign.
Using the Center for Responsive Politics' overhauled database of expenditures, we broke down more than $10 billion in spending by candidates from the 2002 through 2012 campaign cycles to look at how Democratic and Republican candidates put their cash to use in six major categories: Administrative, Campaign Expenses, Fundraising, Media, Strategy & Research, and Wages & Salaries. (This excludes the Contributions and Transfers categories, since that money doesn't ultimately influence the outcome of the election for the campaign that spends it, as well as the Unclassifiable category.)
Here's what we found:
Democratic candidates outspent Republicans on personnel. 13.7 percent of the money spent by Democratic campaigns from 2002-2012 fell into our Wages & Salaries category, which also includes payroll taxes, health insurance, and any other costs associated with fielding a staff. Republicans spent 9.7 percent, or barely two thirds as much. Of course, more money spent on payroll doesn't necessarily translate into a bigger staff — it could reflect higher pay all around, a top-heavy payroll focused on senior staff, or a combination of the above.
Republicans spent more of their campaign budget on fundraising and consulting. The numbers are almost a mirror image of the salary figures: Republican campaigns used 14.2 percent of their money to raise more money, against an even 10 percent for Democrats. The bulk of the difference comes from the fundraising consulting subcategory, where Republicans outspent Democrats by a ratio of nearly 2-to-1 (5.8 percent to 3.1 percent). Republicans also had a substantial edge in the media consulting and campaign consulting subcategories, which — along with the higher Democratic payrolls — may indicate that Republicans outsource some campaign functions that Democrats keep in house.
Republican campaigns rely more heavily on direct mail, Democrats on new media. Perhaps reflecting party demographics, Democrats and Republicans favored different methods of reaching out to voters. Republican campaigns put 13.6 percent of their money into direct mail versus 9.4 percent for Democratic candidates; Democrats, meanwhile, spent almost three times as much on Web advertising as Republicans (2.6 percent to 0.9 percent). While that figure reflects all cycles since 2002, the gap in Web spending was actually even larger in the past cycle — a fact that probably comes as no surprise to Republican consultants who rued the GOP's lack of web presence in the aftermath of Mitt Romney's loss. Even in 2012, however, traditional media reigned supreme: web advertising was barely 10 percent of Democratic candidates' media budget.
Ultimately, the spending habits of Democratic and Republican campaigns were fairly similar. Both spent more than half of their funds on media, smaller chunks of money on fundraising, salaries, and administrative expenses, and the remainder on campaign and strategy expenses. The resemblance even extends to spending on big subcategories like polling and surveys (1.9 percent for Republicans, 2.2 percent for Democrats) and travel and lodging (4.5 percent for Republicans, 4.8 percent for Democrats). Whatever else may divide them, Democratic and Republican candidates appear to run their races using the same basic playbook.
For permission to reprint for commercial uses, such as textbooks, contact the Center: Feel free to distribute or cite this material, but please credit the Center for Responsive Politics.For permission to reprint for commercial uses, such as textbooks, contact the Center: [email protected]
DHAKA, BANGLADESH—A Bangladeshi tribunal prosecuting cases stemming from the 1971 independence war sentenced a leader of an Islamic opposition party to life in prison Tuesday, sparking street clashes with police that killed one man and injured several others. Opposition leaders have criticized the war crimes trials, held 40 years after the country won independence from Pakistan, as an effort to weaken challengers to Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina's government, and human rights groups have raised concerns about their fairness.
Police arrest an activist of Bangladesh's Jamaat-e-Islami during a protest against the decision by the country's war crimes tribunal to deliver judgement in a case against their top leader Abdul Quader Mollah, in Dhaka on Tuesday. ( ANDREW BIRAJ / REUTERS )
In a packed courtroom at the High Court in Dhaka, Judge Obaidul Hasan pronounced Abdul Quader Mollah guilty of killing a student and a family of 11 and of aiding Pakistani troops in killing 369 others. Defence lawyer Abdur Razzaq said they will appeal the verdict. In anticipation of the verdict, Mollah's Jamaat-e-Islami party had ordered a nationwide general strike to denounce the trial, shutting down schools and shops and halting most traffic in Dhaka. Jamaat supporters exploded homemade bombs and clashed with police in parts of the capital, leaving several people injured, said ATN News, a private TV station. The party denounced the verdict and said it was extending the strike through Wednesday.
Article Continued Below
After the verdict was announced, one man was killed and several others injured when police opened fire at dozens of Jamaat supporters in Chittagong city, 216 kilometres southeast of Dhaka, local police official Shafiqul Islam said. They said police fired after rock-throwing protesters attacked them. Though the sentence was the most serious possible, short of execution, a government official expressed disappointment. “It did not reflect the people's expectation. We are frustrated,” Junior Law Minister Qamrul Islam said. Mollah and five other Jamaat leaders have been on trial before the tribunal on charges they committed atrocities during the nine-month independence war against Pakistan. Last month, the tribunal sentenced former party member Abul Kalam Azad to death in the first war crimes trial verdict. The tribunal was formed by Hasina's government in 2010. Jamaat-e-Islami, a key ally of opposition leader Khaleda Zia, says the trials are politically motivated, and Zia, a former prime minister, has called the tribunal a farce.
Authorities deny the claim. International human rights groups have raised questions about the conduct of the tribunals, including the disappearance — outside the courthouse gates — of a defence witness who was about to testify. Until it gained independence in 1971, Bangladesh was the eastern wing of Pakistan. Jamaat campaigned against Bangladesh's independence war and has been accused of forming several groups to help Pakistani troops in killing, rape and arson. The government says Pakistani troops aided by local collaborators killed 3 million people and raped 200,000 women.
Read more about:
A police officer in North Carolina has been charged with voluntary manslaughter after fatally shooting an unarmed man who had apparently been in a wreck and was seeking help, authorities said. The victim, Jonathan Ferrell, 24, played football for Florida A&M University in 2009-10, school officials said Sunday.
An attorney for the victim's family said on Sunday they believed race played a role in the death of Ferrell, who was black.
"If Mr Farrell was not black or brown, wouldn't they have asked them a few questions before showering them with bullets?" said attorney Chris Chestnut, who said they would request all police evidence from the shooting.
Ferrell was seeking help at a house early on Saturday, after driving a vehicle that crashed into trees in northeast Charlotte, according to Charlotte-Mecklenburg police. A woman answered the door and, when they didn't recognise the man, called the police emergency dispatcher.
Officers responding to the breaking-and-entering call found Ferrell a short distance from the home, police said. As they approached him, Ferrell ran toward the officers and was hit with a Taser. Police said they continued to run toward them when officer Randall Kerrick fired their gun, hitting Ferrell several times. Ferrell died at the scene.
Police called Ferrell and Kerrick's initial encounter "appropriate and lawful". But in a statement late Saturday, they said "the investigation showed that the subsequent shooting of Mr Ferrell was excessive" and "Kerrick did not have a lawful right to discharge their weapon during this encounter".
Police said Kerrick had been charged with voluntary manslaughter, which under North Carolina law involves killing without malice using "excessive force" in exercising "imperfect self-defense".
Police are not expected to further describe the incident on Sunday, CMPD spokesperson Officer Keith Trietley said.
Kerrick, 27, turned themselves in for booking on Saturday evening and was released on a $50,000 bond, according to the Mecklenburg County Sheriff's Office website. Kerrick joined the police force in April 2011.
FAMU interim athletic director Michael Smith confirmed on Sunday that Ferrell played the safety position for the school's football team during the 2009 and 2010 seasons. "Our hearts and prayers go out to their family during their time of bereavement," Smith said in an emailed statement.
A public records search indicated that Ferrell began living in Charlotte early this year after moving from Tallahassee, Florida, home to FAMU.
Before Kerrick was charged, police chief Rodney Monroe describe the accident in a news conference. They said the wreck was so severe Ferrell would have had to climb out of the back window to escape. Monroe said they didn't know what caused the crash and didn't say whether Ferrell suffered injuries, The Charlotte Observer reported.
Ferrell apparently walked about a half-mile to the nearest house and was "banging on the door viciously" to attract attention, Monroe said. Thinking it was their husband coming home late from work, the woman who lives there opened the door. When they saw Ferrell, they shut it and called police about 2.30am, Monroe said. Monroe said they didn't think the unarmed Ferrell made threats or tried to rob the woman.
Video: East River Dolphin Spotted Near Queens (Or Is This A SECOND Dolphin?) – From Gothamist:
(Screenshot)
On Wednesday, a dolphin was spotted swimming around in the East River near 96th Street. Officials maintained that the bottlenosed dolphin wasn't injured, and it fell off the radar midday Thursday. But this afternoon, the Riverhead Foundation was informed that a dolphin was spotted in distress on the other side of the East River, near Astoria, Queens. They've since established that the dolphin is not in distress—and it may very well be the same one from earlier this week!
“It appears to be an animal on the Queens side of the East River, so it could be the same animal that's there,” Riverhead Foundation director Rob DiGiovanni told us. “It was free swimming and diving like the other one was doing.” They said the person, who initially called in the dolphin sighting around 4 p.m. Friday, claimed it was in distress. But after talking to them, DiGiovanni established that it wasn't, since it was approximately 200 yards off the shore (and not onshore, as was first feared).
For now, Riverhead will continue monitoring the dolphin, and reassess the situation tomorrow. They say they don't want to bring undue stress onto the animal by bringing boats near it if they don't need to. “We don't know why it would or wouldn't be attracted there, but we don't see anything that would be obstructing it from leaving the area,” DiGiovanni tells us.
John Lipscomb of Riverkeeper told Fox that the East River is not an ideal spot for a dolphin to end up: “Four a hundred and fifty combined sewers overflows during rain events, 30 billion gallons during rain events, come just under 30 billion gallons of combined sewage and water off the streets, neither of which you would put in your aquarium or in your bathtub,” they explained.
Mumbai, May 6: Bollywood actor Salman Khan seems to be in trouble in the 2002 hit-and-run case after another eyewitness gave crucial statement against the popular actor.
A sessions court began the retrial in the case on Tuesday. The second witness in their deposition said that they saw Salman Khan getting out from the driver's side of the Toyota Land Cruiser which is contrary to what the actor's lawyers have argued for nearly a decade – that they were not at the wheel.
The witness told the court that they saw Salman Khan emerge from the driver side of the vehicle. They further stated that the actor was drunk at the time of the incident and fell down on alighting from the vehicle. Khan got up and ran from the spot.
Salman Khan is accused of driving their SUV onto pavement dwellers near a bakery in Bandra that night 12 years ago, leaving one dead and four people injured.
The witnesses in the case included Samba Gowda who had drawn the list of articles (panchnama) seized by police on the day of the incident, Sep 28, 2002.
Gowda informed public prosecutor J. Kenjalkar that the car involved in the accident was a big vehicle that rammed into a laundry and its bumper hit the shop's shutters. They said they saw glass pieces, number plate and bits of the bumper lying at the scene of the accident that were collected by police and a list was made.
They expressed readiness to identify the articles.
Two other witnesses were discharged as they had already admitted the lists recorded by them.
The prosecution said it had submitted a list of 64 witnesses but would not examine all of them in the retrial. The witnesses injured in the incident are Mohammed K. Shaikh, Mohammed M. Shaikh and Mamu Khan.
Leftwing bioconservative Marcy Darnovsky who heads up the Center for Genetics and Society has an op-ed in today's New York Times decrying "Genetically Modified Babies." In this case, they are fulminating about a Food and Drug Administration technical meeting to consider an in vitro fertilization technique in which defective mitochondria in a woman's eggs are replaced with healthy ones from another woman. Mitochondria which function as cellular power plants have their own small genomes outside of the nuclei of cells. Children inherit their mitochondria from their mothers and between 1,000 to 4,000 children per year are born with diseases arising from defects in their mitochondria.
The FDA panel is considering approval of a procedure in which defective mitochondria in a woman's eggs are replaced with healthy mitochondria derived from eggs donated by another woman. The goal is for a woman to bear genetically related children who will be free of inherited mitochondrial disease.
Bioluddite Darnovsky objects that...
...these procedures are deeply problematic in terms of their medical risks and societal implications. Will the child be born healthy, or will the cellular disruptions created by this eggs-as-Lego-pieces approach lead to problems later on? What about subsequent generations? And how far will we go in our efforts to engineer humans?... ...many scholars, scientists and policymakers have urged a different approach: We should carefully and thoughtfully apply the tools of human genetic engineering to treat medical conditions in people, but we should not use them to manipulate the genetic traits of future children. Genetic modifications of sperm, eggs and early embryos should be strictly off limits. Otherwise, we risk venturing into human experimentation and high-tech eugenics. Unfortunately, there are now worrisome signs that opposition to inheritable genetic modifications, written into law by dozens of countries, according to our count, may be weakening. British regulators are also considering mitochondrial manipulations, and proponents there, like their counterparts in the United States, want to move quickly to clinical trials.
The mitochondrial replacement technique is not at all "deeply problematic." In fact, the FDA panel has finally gotten around to considering a technique that the agency banned after essentially the same procedure was being successfully deployed by team led by fertility researcher Jacques Cohen 13 years ago.
Cohen used the technique to help women to give birth to 20 children before the FDA shut down their work in 2001. At a conference some years later, I asked Cohen how the children were faring and they told me that 19 were healthy and one has an autism disorder. As it happens, some research finds a correlation between mitochondrial dysfunction and some cases of autism.
Just as the claque of timorous bioethicists always insist, the FDA banned Cohen's research - in this case for 13 years - in order for "society" to consider its "social and ethical" dimensions. In the meantime, thousands of mothers who otherwise might have been helped to bear healthy children now must watch as their kids suffer and die prematurely from mitochondrial diseases.
How very moral!
Lt. Col. James Wilkerson speaks as the then 20th Fighter Wing chief of safety at Shaw Air Force Base, S.C., Aug. 11, 2008.
An Air Force general's decision to overturn a jury's guilty verdict and reinstate a fighter pilot convicted of sexual assault could prove to be a lightning rod in efforts to legislatively strip commanders of their long-held authority in sexual assault cases, victims' advocates say.
Third Air Force commander Lt. Gen. Craig Franklin's decision to reinstate Lt. Col. James Wilkerson was a stunning example of structural problems in an outdated military justice system rife with bias that discounts victims while emboldening offenders, advocates said.
“It's really shocking,” Susan Burke, a lawyer who represents numerous military women in lawsuits against the Defense Department, said of the case.
“It's inexcusable. It's like the poster child for why we need reform. It proves to Congress why they have to act,” they said.
Greg Jacob, policy director of the Service Women's Action Network and a former Marine infantry officer, was likewise taken aback.
“It's atrocious. It's infuriating,” they said. “It's a perfect example of the due process system being overridden just at the whim of the commander. It's a real travesty of justice.
“Now suddenly he's not guilty? If there's a sexual assault in this guy's unit after they show up, do you think anyone's going to report it?”
The case has also outraged legislators and is expected to be examined at a congressional hearing later this month.
“We're going to do a press conference on this case,” said Rep. Jackie Speier, a California Democrat who last year introduced a bill to create a new department within the Defense Department to handle sexual assault cases. The bill required sexual assault prosecutions to be handled by military and civilian experts and removed commander authority. That would inject professionalism into the process and remove commander conflicts of interest, they said.
They said they would reintroduce the legislation this year, that the idea was gaining traction, and that the Wilkerson case would further propel the idea.
“It's a mockery of the UCMJ (Uniform Code of Military Justice) and the entire sense of military justice,” they said. “There always is a tipping point.”
Franklin's decision to set aside the verdict freed Wilkerson after four months in a South Carolina brig, erased their conviction and restored the F-16 pilot, who'd been selected for promotion, to full-duty status.
Franklin, the authority who convened the court-martial, had concluded in their post-trial review that the evidence did not prove Wilkerson's guilt beyond a reasonable doubt, according to a Third Air Force statement. The decision was contrary to the recommendation of their staff legal adviser.
Franklin is also an F-16 pilot and formerly commanded the 31st Fighter Wing to which Wilkerson was assigned. A spokesperson said that neither fact played any role in the general's decision.
Wilkerson, 44, the former 31st Fighter Wing inspector general was accused last March by a 49-year-old physician's assistant of groping their breasts and vagina as they slept in a guest bedroom at the Wilkerson home after an impromptu party.
An all-male jury of four colonels and one lieutenant colonel convicted them of aggravated sexual assault after a weeklong trial in November at Aviano Air Base, Italy. The jury sentenced them to dismissal, total pay forfeiture and a year in jail.
Franklin's decision to overturn that in effect conveyed that the jury, guided in the law by the presiding judge, had made a serious mistake, military lawyers said.
“If the CA (convening authority) has such little faith in the rulings of the MJ (military judge) and their effect on the reliability of the trial's outcome, why make the CW (complaining witness) go through this whole trial?” said a poster on the National Institute of Military Justice's blog identified as an Air Force defense attorney. “I have to say this is the worst case for everybody.”
Others on the blog lauded Franklin's decision as a courageous one unlikely to help further their career.
Court-martial convening authorities have traditionally been imbued with vast discretionary powers unmatched by all parties in civilian criminal justice procedures. They decide whether to bring charges and, conversely, may decide to throw them out after a judge or jury convicts a defendant.
They may not increase a sentence but they may reduce punishment, or dismiss charges or convictions “for any reason or no reason,” according to the Rules for Courts-Martial.
That's been considered an integral part of command authority and “a core value of military justice,” said Victor Hansen, vice-president of the National Institute of Military Justice.
“The rationale is that the commander has the best sense of what's appropriate, what's best for good order and discipline,” said Hansen, a former Army lawyer who's now a law professor in Boston. “It's the commander's command and their responsibility.”
Franklin's stated reason for tossing the conviction — that Wilkerson's guilt had not been proved beyond a reasonable doubt — struck Hansen as among the least legitimate reasons imaginable, they said, because it substituted the general's judgment about the facts of the case over that of jurors, who, unlike Franklin, were at the trial and able to observe witnesses. They also said it seemed likely to them that the decision undermined, rather than promoted, good order and discipline.
But the decision was “an outlier,” Hansen said, and they believed commanders, who shoulder absolute responsibility for their troops and their missions, should retain their discretionary powers. “The commander needs to have that authority,” they said.
The Wilkerson case could spur legislative action to change that, Hansen said. “This could be Exhibit A.”
The Air Force was the first of the services to take steps to address sexual violence after a 2003 sexual assault scandal at the Air Force Academy: female cadets reported being assaulted and their complaints were discounted by officials.
Gen. Mark Welsh III, Air Force chief of staff, has stated repeatedly that the service would continue to press to change a culture that has enabled assaults, to provide protection and support to victims and bring justice to perpetrators.
A spokesperson for Welsh said they would not comment on the Wilkerson case.
The case, in which prosecutors won a conviction against a senior leader based on the credibility of a less powerful accuser and corroborating circumstantial evidence, had been hailed as evidence that the Air Force was intent on change.
“Here was a case where everything worked,” Jacob said. “And all of that work and all of that effort was negated by a single commander.”
Good-faith efforts to reduce the incidence of sexual assault are doomed, advocates maintain, without changing a system that gives the ultimate power to decide case outcomes to one person — one untrained in the law; biased by the very nature of their position, they say; and answerable to no one.
Such a system is correctly seen as unfair and unreliable, they say.
“If you don't fix the structural issues, you won't have trust in the system,” Burke said. “And if you don't have trust in the system, you'll have continued, significant underreporting.
“And if you have significant underreporting, you will not be incarcerating predators,” they said. “So you'll continue to have a significant sexual predation problem.”
Independent prosecutors should make charging decisions just as civilian prosecutors do, and juries and judges should determine verdicts and sentences, victims' advocates say. Those would stand unless an appellate court deemed otherwise.
Decisions would rest with more than a single, supreme authority.
“You wouldn't have some lieutenant general sitting in a leather chair reinstating convicted sex offenders with the stroke of a pen,” Jacob said.
montgomery.nancy@stripes.com
Nannygate, Travelgate, Whitewater, Filegate: it's tough to remember all the scandals that plagued then-President Bill and Hillary Clinton through the '90s. For millennials --- here's what you missed. For everyone else, here's a refresher. (Sarah Parnass,Adriana Usero/The Washington Post)
If it weren't for Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton would be the most disliked major-party presidential nominee in recent American history.
That qualifier, of course, is important here. Clinton doesn't need to be liked; they need to be liked slightly more than Trump in what will very likely boil down to a two-candidate race.
But it's hard to overstate just how bad Clinton's numbers are. And a new Washington Post-ABC News poll is the latest to suggest they just keep getting worse — so much so that they are in some ways about as bad as Trump's.
The poll shows 54 percent of all Americans have an unfavorable view of Clinton and 44 percent have a "strongly unfavorable" view of them When you boil it down just to registered voters, those numbers tick up to 57 percent and 47 percent, respectively.
1 of 46 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Hillary Clinton on the campaign trail View Photos The former secretary of state, senator and first lady is the Democratic nominee for president. Caption The former secretary of state, senator and first lady is the Democratic nominee for president. July 31, 2016 Hillary Clinton is seen aboard the campaign bus in Cleveland on the third day of a bus tour through Pennsylvania and Ohio. Melina Mara/The Washington Post Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
Either way you slice it, Clinton's image is as bad or worse than it has ever been. Below is the trendline on their "strongly unfavorable" number among all Americans. That 44 percent figure is an all-time high — as is the 47 percent figure among registered voters.
In a campaign between two candidates neither of whom a quarter of Americans say they like, it seems apparent this race will come down to whom they dislike less and whom they trust to be president — despite their personal distaste. But while many Americans will basically have to vote for someone they dislike, there are degrees of dislike. And voting for someone you strongly dislike is a much tougher haul.
Which brings us to this: Nearly half of registered voters strongly dislike Hillary Clinton, and nearly half of registered voters strongly dislike Donald Trump. As we noted for Clinton, it's 47 percent. For Trump, it's 49 percent. A virtual tie. That suggests getting majority support — or close to it — as most presidential elections have required will be a struggle for both major-party candidates this year.
This is not the first poll to suggest Clinton is hitting a new low. Recent polls have shown their unfavorable rating as high as 60 percent. Real Clear Politics' average of recent polls shows them unfavorable at 56.2 percent. For Trump, it's at 60.1 percent.
But while Trump has certainly struggled, they seem to have leveled off and maybe even improved a bit in recent months.
Clinton, meanwhile, is trending worse and worse and flirting with Trumpian levels of negative feelings.
There was a time in which Trump was clearly on worse footing with their image than Clinton; back in May, 7 in 10 Americans disliked Trump, while 55 percent disliked Clinton — a 15-point gap. That is no longer clearly the case, with the Post-ABC poll showing just a five point gap among registered voters. And it has to test our assumptions of how much of a favorite Clinton is to become the next president.
Running for president, of course, isn't completely a popularity contest. It helps to be liked, but other things factor in, like a candidate's ability to create change and a candidate's readiness for the job. On the former measure, Trump clearly leads; on the latter, Clinton clearly does.
In fact, the Post-ABC poll shows 58 percent of registered voters say Trump isn't qualified to be president, but just 42 percent say the same of Clinton. A relatively strong majority — 56 percent — says Clinton is qualified. That's a significant gap, and it suggests that if the 2016 election comes down to who appears more presidential, Clinton very likely wins.
But if voters are looking for change and to shake up the system, that's where Trump excels. When it comes to who could bring the "needed change to Washington," Trump leads by 11 points, 50-39. Again, if it's a change election, Trump probably wins, but if voters are more concerned about 3 a.m. phone calls and presidentiality (presidentialness?), it's probably Clinton.
What's clear from the numbers above, though, is that Clinton can't count on a popularity edge. Them email problems — and other problems — have clearly taken a major toll on their image. More than 7 in 10 Americans say Clinton is too willing to bend the rules.
And to the extent elections are popularity contests — which they often have been — that's significant. Then again, we haven't seen an election with two politicians who are so unpopular. So consider this the kind of uncharted territory that should give the Clinton campaign heartburn.
Save
Save
Many romances begin with wordless flirtation, stolen kisses and vague communication.
In a culture where disinterest is often interpreted as shyness or “playing hard to get,” men are encouraged to think women need to be skillfully interpreted and convinced, instead of taken at their word. Even the clearest “no” is still up for debate.
I've had men tell me I was “asking for it” by making eye contact with them on the street instead of averting my gaze. And when they discovered that my polite smile was not a request for sex, they reacted in outrage as if I was purposefully leading them on.
A stranger misinterpreting our smile as an open invitation to our body sounds ludicrous, but watching any romantic comedy will show us how our culture views consent.
How many times does the woman turn the main character down before they grab and kisses her—and doesn't they secretly want it all along, perhaps without even knowing it herself, until they figure out how to prove that they are meant to be?
It may be entertaining to watch awkward fumbling and forceful passion on the screen, but this kind of indirect communication seeps out into our actual romantic encounters far too often and can be very dangerous.
When men identify with that main character who wins the girl in the end, they feel cheated when their own efforts aren't achieving the same results. They can sometimes decide to take it forcefully if the woman isn't catching on quick enough, because “no” just means they haven't been convinced yet that this is what they really wants.
Most women have encountered men who feel entitled to have access to their bodies. Just look at the recent gruesome events involving Elliot Rodger and the resulting stories on Twitter with the hashtag “#YesAllWomen.”
Clearly there are a lot of men out there who think they deserve the girl, regardless of what they have to say about it.
In polyamorous relationships, unclear communication will have us drowning in a sea of interpersonal drama much more quickly than it would in a conventional, monogamous relationship.
One reason for this is that monogamy is the expected norm, so if we're monogamous, it's pretty easy to coast through the beginning of our relationship without putting any effort into communicating our intentions or expectations.
If we say nothing at all about what we want, it is assumed that our eventual goal is a monogamous until-death-do-us-part with someone. Polyamorous relationships are more complex and less understood, so therefore require explanation right from the beginning and skillful communication throughout.
Poly folks will often discuss their specific intentions with people they are attracted to and even sit down with everyone's other partners and discuss it with them as well, way before the first date is even considered. It is very likely that a first kiss won't come with a silent assumption of consent, but after it has been discussed with everyone involved instead.
Clear communication is a must for long-term poly relationships, so this is a skill that gets exercised often.
But what does this have to do with rape culture? Rape culture is fed on silence and assumptions. By insisting on communicating clearly every step of the way about any intention of sex or romance, we kill those old ideas of romance being about silent flirtation and stolen kisses.
We make consent sexy.
We might think that clear communication is overkill, boring and that it will stifle the romance—but the opposite is true. When people are open and vulnerable in relationship to each other, expressing the full extent of their desires and (most importantly) wanting to hear and understand the desires of their partners, there is absolutely nothing sexier than that.
I used to think that stolen kisses were sexy, but now I see them as a sign of emotional immaturity and dissociation. I would much rather my partners be obviously interested in what I want than trying to see what they can get out of me.
I would much rather be telling them what I want than waiting for them to guess.
Margaret Atwood's quote, “Men are afraid that women will laugh at them. Women are afraid that men will kill them.” illustrates why it is more important that men take on the task of communicating clearly and receiving consent, but it is incredibly empowering to take on the task as a woman as well.
We don't need to be in a polyamorous relationship to get our clear communication groove on, obviously. But if we're in a polyamorous relationship we need to communicate impeccably, just to keep up with what's going on.
Making clear communication and consent sexy is a huge part of what's needed to feed the revolution of consent culture. So whether we are monogamous, polyamorous, monogam-ish, or poly-curious, we need to push ourselves to communicate more openly with everyone and see how it affects our romantic life.
Love elephant and want to go steady?
Apprentice Editor: Bronwyn Petry / Editor: Catherine Monkman
Photo: Derek Ooi, Pixoto
The Sorensen Sculpture Project is a Public Art Project developed by Sierra Art Trails, a California Non-profit organization dedicated to supporting the arts, art education, and the many communities located in the Yosemite Foothills.
In 2008 Sierra Art Trails http://www.sierraarttrails.org established the Sierra Art Trails Public Art Fund. Public art beautifies, educates, and enhances our surroundings. It is a statement, indicating that a community cares about its culture.
Now, four years later, we are thrilled to announce our first official public art project, the installation of a large outdoor sculpture at Gallery Row in Oakhurst. The sculpture will be created by Fresno's “Man of Steel” Chris Sorensen. Our goal is to have the sculpture completed and installed at Gallery Row in time for the Sierra Art Trails Open Studio Tour in October.
Work in Progress. Chris cutting raw steel for the central arm of the sculpture.
We focused on a design created by Chris many years earlier, a kinetic sculpture with balanced elements, strong lines and bright colors. The sculpture will be constructed in three sections. A tall blue base column raises the moving parts of the piece to a level that is safe and clearly visible. The center section, a bright red hook shaped arm, turns into the wind like a weathervane, and a small yellow crescent at the top is free to turn in the wind.
Chris working on the central arm of the sculpture
Chris Sorensen is one of Fresno's most revered artists. Their generosity and dedication to the arts is well known. Their contributions and donations in Fresno and beyond number too many to count. When Mariposa Arts Council lost its headquarters earlier this year due to tragic fire, Chris organized a fundraiser. The Pink Show raises money for breast cancer research. Their long standing support of Timberline Gallery in Oakhurst has helped to keep the gallery open. These are only a few of the many examples of their philanthropy.
The gate at Sorensen Studio
Sorensen Studio Gallery, located on East Van Ness Ave, is a focal point for the arts, and houses the studios of many other artists. At 87 years old Chris is still going strong, producing both indoor and outdoor sculpture. We are honored that Chris has taken on this project, and proud to have the opportunity to install one of their works in the public realm.
Jon Bock and Chris Sorensen working on initial plans.
Please give generously. Our $5000 Kickstarter goal will cover only a portion of the estimated cost for the sculpture and its installation. Funds raised beyond our $5000 goal will be used to cover the balance of our expenses. In order to insure the success of the project, any additional funds required to complete the project will be covered by Sierra Art Trails. We hope this is our first project of many. Your contribution will help insure that it is.
Sorensen Heart at Saint Agnes Hospital in Fresno
Bringing artwork into the public realm pulls together people from all walks of life. Public art is for everyone, not limited to a select few. It provides the viewer a moment for pause and reflection, and enhances our often hurried lives.
Chris cutting steel rods to create internal structure for the piece.
Please help us to complete this project through your donation. Any amount is acceptable and appreciated. Let's work together to keep our cultural life vibrant.
Tweet Share Share Google Plus
Caption generation is the challenging artificial intelligence problem of generating a human-readable textual description given a photograph.
It requires both image understanding from the domain of computer vision and a language model from the field of natural language processing.
It is important to consider and test multiple ways to frame a given predictive modeling problem and there are indeed many ways to frame the problem of generating captions for photographs.
In this tutorial, you will discover 3 ways that you could frame caption generating and how to develop a model for each.
The three caption generation models we will look at are:
Model 1: Generate the Whole Sequence
Model 2: Generate Word from Word
Model 3: Generate Word from Sequence
We will also review some best practices to consider when preparing data and developing caption generation models in general.
Let's get started.
Need help with Deep Learning for Text Data? Take my free 7-day email crash course now (with code). Click to sign-up and also get a free PDF Ebook version of the course. Start Your FREE Crash-Course Now
Model 1: Generate the Whole Sequence
The first approach involves generating the entire textual description for the photo given a photograph.
Input : Photograph
: Photograph Output: Complete textual description.
This is a one-to-many sequence prediction model that generates the entire output in a one-shot manner.
This model puts a heavy burden on the language model to generate the right words in the right order.
The photograph passes through a feature extraction model such as a model pre-trained on the ImageNet dataset.
A one hot encoding is used for the output sequence, allowing the model to predict the probability distribution of each word in the sequence over the entire vocabulary.
All sequences are padded to the same length. This means that the model is forced to generate multiple “no word” time steps in the output sequence.
Testing this method, I found that a very large language model is required and even then it is hard to get past the model generating the NLP equivalent of persistence, e.g. generating the same word repeated for the entire sequence length as the output.
Model 2: Generate Word from Word
This is a different approach where the LSTM generates a prediction of one word given a photograph and one word as input.
Input 1 : Photograph.
: Photograph. Input 2 : Previously generated word, or start of sequence token.
: Previously generated word, or start of sequence token. Output: Next word in sequence.
This is a one-to-one sequence prediction model that generates the textual description via recursive calls to the model.
The one word input is either a token to indicate the start of the sequence in the case of the first time the model is called, or is the word generated from the previous time the model was called.
The photograph passes through a feature extraction model such as a model pre-trained on the ImageNet dataset. The input word is integer encoded and passes through a word embedding.
The output word is one hot encoded to allow the model to predict the probabilities of words over the whole vocabulary.
The recursive word generation process is repeated until an end of sequence token is generated.
Testing this method, I found that the model does generate some good n-gram sequences, but gets caught in a loop repeating the same sequences of words for long descriptions. There is insufficient memory in the model to remember what has been generated previously.
Model 3: Generate Word from Sequence
Given a photograph and a sequence of words already generated for the photograph as input, predict the next word in the description.
Input 1 : Photograph.
: Photograph. Input 2 : Previously generated sequences of words, or start of sequence token.
: Previously generated sequences of words, or start of sequence token. Output: Next word in sequence.
This is a many-to-one sequence prediction model that generates a textual description via recursive calls to the model.
It is a generalization of the above Model 2 where the input sequence of words gives the model a context for generating the next word in the sequence.
The photograph passes through a feature extraction model such as a model pre-trained on the ImageNet dataset. The photograph may be provided each time step with the sequence, or once at the beginning, which may be the preferred approach.
The input sequence is padded to a fixed-length and integer encoded to pass through a word embedding.
The output word is one hot encoded to allow the model to predict the probabilities of words over the whole vocabulary.
The recursive word generation process is repeated until an end of sequence token is generated.
This appears to be the preferred model described in papers on the topic and might be the best structure we have for this type of problem for now.
Testing this method, I have found that the model does readily generate readable descriptions, the quality of which is often refined by larger models trained for longer. Key to the skill of this model is the masking of padded input sequences. Without masking, the resulting generated sequences of words are terrible, e.g. the end of sequence token is repeated over and over.
Modeling Best Practices
This section lists some general tips when developing caption generation models.
Pre-trained Photo Feature Extraction Model . Use a photo feature extraction model pre-trained on a large dataset like ImageNet. This is called transfer learning. The Oxford Vision Geometry Group (VGG) models that won the ImageNet competition in 2014 are a good start.
. Use a photo feature extraction model pre-trained on a large dataset like ImageNet. This is called transfer learning. The Oxford Vision Geometry Group (VGG) models that won the ImageNet competition in 2014 are a good start. Pre-trained Word Embedding Model . Use a pre-trained word embedding model with vectors either trained on average large corpus or trained on your specific text data.
. Use a pre-trained word embedding model with vectors either trained on average large corpus or trained on your specific text data. Fine Tune Pre-trained Models . Explore making the pre-trained models trainable in your model to see if they can be dialed-in for your specific problem and result in a slight lift in skill.
. Explore making the pre-trained models trainable in your model to see if they can be dialed-in for your specific problem and result in a slight lift in skill. Pre-Processing Text . Pre-process textual descriptions to reduce the vocabulary of words to generate, and in turn, the size of the model.
. Pre-process textual descriptions to reduce the vocabulary of words to generate, and in turn, the size of the model. Preprocessing Photos . Pre-process photos for the photo feature extraction model, and even pre-extract features so the full feature extraction model is not required when training your model.
. Pre-process photos for the photo feature extraction model, and even pre-extract features so the full feature extraction model is not required when training your model. Padding Text . Pad input sequences to a fixed length; this is in fact a requirement of vectorizing your input for deep learning libraries.
. Pad input sequences to a fixed length; this is in fact a requirement of vectorizing your input for deep learning libraries. Masking Padding . Use masking on the embedding layer to ignore “no word” time steps, often a zero value when words are integer encoded.
. Use masking on the embedding layer to ignore “no word” time steps, often a zero value when words are integer encoded. Attention . Use attention on the input sequence when generating the output word in order to both achieve better performance and understand where the model is “looking” when each word is being generated.
. Use attention on the input sequence when generating the output word in order to both achieve better performance and understand where the model is “looking” when each word is being generated. Evaluation. Evaluate the model using standard text translation metrics like BLEU and compare generated descriptions against multiple references image captions.
Do you have your own best practices for developing robust captioning models?
Let me know in the comments below.
Further Reading
This section provides more resources on the topic if you are looking go deeper.
Summary
In this tutorial, you discovered 3 sequence prediction models that can be used to address the problem of generating human readable textual descriptions for photographs.
Have you experimented with any of these models?
Share your experiences in the comments below.
Do you have any questions?
Ask your questions in the comments below and I will do my best to answer.
Develop Deep Learning models for Text Data Today! Develop Your Own Text models in Minutes …with just a few lines of python code Discover how in my new Ebook:
Deep Learning for Natural Language Processing It provides self-study tutorials on topics like:
Bag-of-Words, Word Embedding, Language Models, Caption Generation, Text Translation and much more… Finally Bring Deep Learning to your Natural Language Processing Projects Skip the Academics. Just Results. Click to learn more.
Joe Maddon is at it again.
The man who is no stranger to costume-themed road trips and bizarre clubhouse activities as manager of the Chicago Cubs (and previously with the Tampa Bay Rays), brought a pink flamingo to their pregame news conference before Tuesday's matchup against the Milwaukee Brewers.
Joe Maddon brought a Chilean flamingo named Warren to their pregame media briefing. So, typical afternoon at Wrigley. pic.twitter.com/ajR7UtBMqr Article continues below ... — Brian Costa (@BrianCostaWSJ) September 22, 2015
Joe Maddon brought a flamingo named Warren to their press conference today. pic.twitter.com/zIJ5WDPmYb — Tyler Kepner (@TylerKepner) September 22, 2015
"My goal in life is to own a bar called The Pink Flamingo." — Joe Maddon pic.twitter.com/CuEPJe83Y3 — Tyler Kepner (@TylerKepner) September 22, 2015
"I'm a big pink flamingo fan," Maddon told reporters. "That's why I really insisted on that."
Then came the real fun … a small petting zoo was set up in the left-field corner before the game for the players and their families to enjoy. Amont the animals were a sloth, a penguin, a snow leopard — and that flamingo, who Maddon named Warren.
I think it's safe to say Naya enjoyed themselves at the Wrigley Left Field Zoo. Thanks Joe and @cubs A photo posted by Dexter Fowler (@dexfowler) on Sep 22, 2015 at 2:44pm PDT
The animals were brought in by the Columbus, Ohio, zoo and they weren't the manager's first go-round with nature. When they were managing the Tampa Bay Rays, Maddon brought in cockatiels and other exotic creatures for the players.
Now mind you, the Cubs are smack dab in the middle of a playoff chase, entering the day with a magic number of four to clinch their first postseason berth since 2008.
But the trick worked — the Cubs beat the Brewers 4-0 as ace Jake Arrieta threw a three-hitter to become MLB's first 20-game winner this season.
"This is my first experience with some of the events, little things that they put on," said Cubs outfielder Austin Jackson, acquired from Seattle on Aug. 31. "It's pretty cool. You get the family and the kids involved. It's something different."
Whatever it takes to keep the mood light in a pennant race. After all, Maddon can't always be challenging the Cardinals and shaking their fist at AC/DC to get off theirs lawn.
— The Associated Press contributed to this report
HONOLULU – Hawaii voters overwhelming support solar power generation and would welcome efforts to make the abundant renewable energy resource more affordable and more accessible, according to a new survey conducted for The Pacific Resource Partnership (PRP) and the Sierra Club of Hawai'i.
The survey found that nearly all voting residents – an astonishing 96 percent – supported solar as an energy source, which is significantly higher than the national average. According to a Gallup poll conducted in March, 76 percent of Americans want the U.S. to put more emphasis on solar production. While that percentage is high, it pales in comparison to solar support in Hawaii.
“We rarely see this kind of unanimity in public opinion research,” noted Grace McRae, Senior Polling & Research Strategist at the Sierra Club's Legislative Office in Washington, D.C. “That Hawaii residents had such strong support for solar energy speaks volumes about its popularity and its effectiveness in reducing our nation's dependence on costly imported fossil fuels.”
What was also striking about the survey, which was conducted in late September, was the high percentage of voters – 85 percent – who believe efforts should be made to make renewable energy such as solar power more affordable for consumers. Only nine
percent of respondents felt that nothing should be done to change the cost of solar power.
“We should do everything we can to make this clean and abundant energy source accessible and affordable for more residents, organizations and businesses,” said John White, Executive Director of PRP. “The upside of more solar adoption is huge. It helps families save money, creates jobs and generates positive economic activity for the state.”
“Solar is not just good for the environment, but smart fiscal policy,” said Robert Harris, Director of the Sierra Club of Hawai'i. “These projects save residents money, and help move Hawaii away from the high cost of imported fossil fuels. We should be doing everything we can to accommodate solar installations.”
“We've heard it loud and clear from voters that they want to install solar,” said Representative Chris Lee, Chair of the House Energy and Environmental Committee.
“The Legislature is committed to looking at policies this year that overcome current hurdles and ensure that our residents can continue to go green and save money with solar.”
Six out of seven voters – or 85 percent – also supported a “net metering” incentive for customers with solar panels. Customers with solar panels use net metering to track how much energy they use and produce. If they generate more electricity than they use, customers receive a credit on their electricity bill. If customers use more electricity than their solar panels generate, then they are charged for the electricity.
Meanwhile, a significant number of voters – 82 percent – were opposed to the introduction of any kind of sun tax or sun charge. Opposition was expressed equally across key demographics such as gender, political party, geographic region, race, and age.
Results from the survey are based on telephone interviews conducted Sept. 24-30, 2013 with a random sample of 600 registered voters in Hawaii. The margin of error is +/- 4.36 percentage points.
Source: Sierra Club of Hawai'i
Share this: LinkedIn
Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Comments
comments
100 years since Balfour, , 70 years since partition. Why is there no State of Palestine?
There is no State of Palestine because after the fall of the Ottoman Empire, when the League of Nations used the Mandate system to facilitate the creation of Nation States, the Arabs living in the British Mandate of Palestine didn't want one.
There is no State of Palestine because in the 1920's and 1930's, when the Jewish people began to prepare for their own state, the Arabs chose to violently resist Jewish immigration rather than work towards the creation of their own state. There were massacres of ancient Jewish communities.
There is no State of Palestine because in 1937, when the British proposed one be created, the Arabs rejected it. This led to more violence, including a massacre of Jews in Tiberius
There is no State of Palestine because in 1947, when the United Nations suggested one be created, the Arabs rejected it. This led to civil war.
There is no State of Palestine because in 1948, when Israel declared independence, rather than doing the same, the Arabs chose to fight to destroy Israel. The Arabs lost. 6000+ Israelis lost their lives
There is no State of Palestine because between 1949 and 1967, when every inch of the West Bank and Gaza strip were in Arab hands, the Arabs chose not to create one. Choosing instead to focus on destroying Israel.
There is no State of Palestine because when peace was discussed directly between the Jews and Arabs, Islamic terrorists responded by murdering Israelis. Hundreds of Jews were murdered during the peace process.
There is no State of Palestine because the Arabs walked away from the negotiating table in 2000. Choosing instead to start the second intifada. Over 1000 Israelis were murdered
There is no State of Palestine because when Israel withdrew from Gaza and dismantled settlements, Hamas took control and launched rocket attacks. 1000's of rockets have been fired at Israel.
There is no State of Palestine because in 2008, when Olmert, the Israeli PM, offered one to the Palestinian President, the Palestinians rejected it.
There is no State of Palestine because the Arabs are currently split into warring factions. The same type of divisions as we see exploding elsewhere in the Middle East.
There is no State of Palestine because too many Arabs (not all) simply do not accept, still will not accept, peaceful existence with Israel.
There is no State of Palestine because too many people, are invested in the conflict. This is especially true of the thousands of NGO's who in a perverse symbiosis report on a conflict that would probably not exist without them.
100 years after Balfour, the UN are still kicking Israel as if somehow the Jewish State holds the key to the end of the conflict. You will not solve this conflict until you are honest about the cause.
Follow, like, donate
Please if you can, consider making a donation. Mine is an independent action and research is expensive and time consuming. Even producing just one of these piece does take days, sometimes weeks, and whilst I do what I can, there are serious constraints that impact on what is possible. Your assistance can and does make a difference. Every contribution is greatly appreciated.
Keep up to date, subscribe to the blog by using the link on the page. Follow the FB page for this blog: and follow me on Twitter.
By Ariha Setalvad, Peninsula Press
With 16 months until Super Bowl 50 is held at the new San Francisco 49ers Levi's Stadium, Santa Clara County is training law enforcement, hospital and airport workers to combat human trafficking, which some activists say seems to spike during mega sporting events.
The Super Bowl, like other mass gatherings, is often correlated with an increase in trafficking, due to the tens of thousands of people it attracts. More than 70,000 people will attend Super Bowl 50 in February 2016, and about one million people are expected to attend events during the week leading up to the game itself.
Officials in Texas, Louisiana, Indiana and, most recently, New Jersey, strengthened efforts to combat trafficking ahead of previous Super Bowls held in their states, including pulling officers from their regular details to focus on the problem.
But trafficking may be a particularly pronounced problem in California. The National Human Trafficking Resource Center, a toll-free, national hotline to which anybody can call, text or submit online tips to about potential human trafficking cases, received 35,889 signals nationwide in 2013. Of these, they received 3,445 tips from California alone.
There's no hard data on how much human trafficking — a form of modern slavery where people profit from the control and exploitation of others — spikes during the Super Bowl. But a report by The Urban Institute, an economic and social policy think tank, included interviews with traffickers and found that it could double.
“Around big sporting events, [demand] increased 100 percent. In D.C. around election time, [demand increased] around 50 percent,” said a former trafficker, interviewed for the report.
That is one reason why anti-trafficking groups in the Bay Area are hoping to raise awareness in the community and enlist their help in combatting the crime.
Jay Rivera, communications manager of human rights organization California Against Slavery, says that many people think trafficking doesn't happen in the United States but that it is very much a local problem.
Not For Sale, a nonprofit organization that raises awareness about sexual slavery, found that of 232 trafficking cases served by anti-trafficking organizations in Santa Clara and San Mateo counties between 2011 and 2013, 118 victims were born in the United States.
Human trafficking isn't just a problem during the Super Bowl though, said Brian Wo, director of partnerships and co-founder of the Bay Area Anti-Trafficking Coalition. Advocacy groups say they don't want vigilance to ebb and flow with large events and so the Bay Area Anti-Trafficking Coalition is working to set up a more permanent solution.
The Bay Area Anti-Trafficking Coalition is collaborating with the Stanford Law School and the South Bay Coalition to End Human Trafficking to create maps of hospitals and hotels in the Bay Area that have been trained to deal with human trafficking victims.
The resources will be rolled out at the Freedom Summit, a mass anti-trafficking gathering scheduled to take place at Levi's Stadium next May.
Police departments are training officers about how to identify, assess and communicate with victims and guidelines on how to make arrests.
In the past, officers who weren't trained to deal with human trafficking threw victims, often arrested for prostitution, in jail, which only added to their problems, said Sgt. Kyle Oki, who heads up the San Jose Police Department's trafficking task force.
“Ultimately, you want to be able to prosecute [the trafficker],” Oki said. “But you don't want to re-victimize the victim to do it.”
The Super Bowl puts the issue “in the spotlight and it's an opportunity for people to be educated and engaged,” said Wo, explaining why advocacy groups are pushing to complete training and implement their plans before the game.
Asked whether they believed the Super Bowl actually increased human trafficking or if people simply paid more attention to it during the most-watched sporting event in the country, Wo said: “We don't want to be known as the Super Bowl that proved the correlation.”
Where does trafficking happen?
*Note: The 23 cases (2.93 percent) that are both sex and labor and the 62 cases (7.90 percent) that are unspecified trafficking were not included in these infographics. (Data source: *Note: The 23 cases (2.93 percent) that are both sex and labor and the 62 cases (7.90 percent) that are unspecified trafficking were not included in these infographics. (Data source: National Human Trafficking Resource Center (NHTRC) State Report .)
This story originally appeared on Peninsula Press, a project of the Stanford Journalism Program. Also from Peninsula Press: Local Silicon Valley police unshaken by smartphone data encryption
Follow Peninsula Press on Facebook and Twitter.
February 4th Service Changes
Due to the successful passing of the half-cent sales tax referendum in the City of Atlanta, MARTA is rapidly implementing MORE MARTA as quickly as possible. The following five bus routes located within the City of Atlanta have been fast-tracked into service by February 4, 2017. Frequency and service span improvements have been made on Route 2 - Ponce de Leon Avenue/East Lake; Route 60 - Hightower Road/Moores Mill; Rt. 78 - Cleveland Avenue; Rt. 83 - Campbellton Road; and Rt. 102 - North Avenue/Candler Park.
[ Map | Schedule ] Route 2 - Ponce de Leon Avenue/East Lake
[ Map | Schedule ] Route 60 - Hightower Road/Moores Mill
[ Map | Schedule ] Route 78 - Cleveland Avenue
[ Map | Schedule ] Route 83 - Campbellton Road
[ Map | Schedule ] Route 102 - North Avenue/Candler Park
Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
The former president of SeaWorld Orlando in Florida, Terry Prather, is helping the feds by giving evidence in their probe into the company for matters related to CNN's “Blackfish” film.
The company has said it's the subject of probes by the Justice Department and the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Investigations are looking into “disclosures and public statements” made by company execs in 2014 or earlier “regarding the impact of the ‘Blackfish' documentary” on SeaWorld's stock, according to a filing.
A source says the feds are investigating whether there was a coverup at SeaWorld about the negative effect of the documentary as Blackstone took the company public in April 2013.
In the months before the IPO, “Blackfish” debuted at Sundance, was acquired by CNN Films, and was released in July 2013.
CNN's “Blackfish” details the mistreatment of orca whales at SeaWorld, particularly in Orlando, Fla., where killer whale Tilikum was involved in three deaths. But then-SeaWorld CEO Jim Atchison said in 2013, “Ironically, our attendance has improved since the movie came out.”
Shareholders sued SeaWorld in 2014, alleging the company deceived investors about the impact of “Blackfish” before and after the IPO. The DOJ asked for a pause in the civil litigation while it conducts a “federal criminal investigation.”
Prather — who was president of SeaWorld Orlando from 2010 to 2015 — plans to cooperate with the probe. It is believed the feds want them and others to talk so they can go after “the bigger fish” at SeaWorld, which denied wrongdoing.
Prather's attorney Sal Strazzullo said, “He wants to make sure that any person involved in covering up the problems at SeaWorld will be prosecuted to the full extent of the law, and that may include very senior figures.”
Blackstone bought SeaWorld for $2.3 billion in 2009. Shares were priced at $27 in the 2013 IPO, hit a low of $12.12 in September 2016 and were at $18.30 in March, when Blackstone nearly tripled its money on its investment in SeaWorld by selling it to a Chinese firm. Blackstone declined to comment.
Police sources have confirmed they believe Deepak Beaudoin-Reichmann, 27, whose body was found in a duffel bag in a creek 20 minutes south of Kemptville a week ago, died of a drug overdose.
While physical testing continues, it is believed Beaudoin-Reichmann died prior to being thrown into a large bag and dumped into the isolated creek near a hamlet called Bishop's Mills.
Investigators believe fellow partiers who were with the victim may have panicked and then decided to transport and dump their lifeless body.
On Tuesday, OPP said it was seeking to identify three men that they believe could know more about how the victim died or why their body was abandoned. Police said Tuesday the men were seen in a silver pickup truck with a full cap on the back.
Anyone with information was asked to contact Grenville County-Kemptville OPP at 613-258-3441.
Meanwhile, the victim's cousin said Deepak Beaudoin-Reichmann appeared outgoing, friendly and active in public, but privately they struggled with depression.
Travis Koch said Beaudoin-Reichmann had a long history of mental illness and bouts of depression for which they were treated repeatedly in hospital.
“He was well-known and really well-liked,” said Koch, also 27. “Super-charismatic, charming. The pictures they have of them do them no justice.
“Starting in 2007 they tried to find themselves psychiatric treatment, but there's not really anything available. It's really sad. I picked them up from the ER about half a dozen times after being discharged from the ER without having even talked to anybody.”
Koch said they and Beaudoin-Reichmann grew up together. Beaudoin-Reichmann bounced around a bit. They have family in Northern Ontario, their mother lives in Barrie, and they have other family members in the Niagara area. More recently, they lived with Koch for an extended period of time. In fact, Koch is the reason that their cousin first moved out to Ottawa in 2006.
“We've been best friends since we were 12 years old. We pretty much did everything together,” said Koch. “It was a natural fit. We were natural friends. Compared to Toronto, where they started getting into trouble, they thrived in Ottawa.”
Beaudoin-Reichmann loved music and was a regular concertgoer, attending events with Koch. The victim was fit and loved outdoor sports, but cooking was their passion and something they excelled at, according to Koch. They worked as a sous chef and a server at several restaurants in the ByWard Market.
References to the victim's being from the Niagara Region are misleading, according to Koch. They said their cousin moved around a lot, but Ottawa had been their home for close to a decade.
But in May, Koch said, they had a falling out with their cousin after repeated disagreements about how Beaudoin-Reichmann kept their living space within their shared apartment. Beaudoin-Reichmann moved in with an aunt and uncle in Niagara. Koch hadn't spoken with their cousin since, but they said they knew Beaudoin-Reichmann was being taken care of and was even admitted into rehab for substance abuse this year.
“The way our health-care system deals with mental health, if you drink or do drugs, then you are an addict,” Koch said. “That is what they try to treat. Meanwhile, a lot of people are self-medicating.
“There's an underlying condition that gets covered up with the drugs and alcohol. They never did that to be happy. It was self-medicating.”
Beaudoin-Reichmann was released from rehab and shortly after received a small inheritance of around $5,000 from a family member, according to Koch.
“He went AWOL. That's all we know,” said Koch.
Beaudoin-Reichmann was reported missing on Oct. 5. Their body was found on Oct. 14, near a heavily wooded and marshy area off Country Rd. 20, 20 minutes south of Kemptville near the village of Bishop's Mills.
“He knows no one in Kemptville. They have never hitchhiked before. Why would you drive from Niagara Falls to Bishop's Mills?” Koch said.
Koch said he'd shared this information with investigators but Ontario Provincial Police officers would not confirm they had spoken to the man.
OPP have also not confirmed exactly where Beaudoin-Reichmann's body was found, whether it was in the creek or at the side of the road. They have also not confirmed whether the body was found inside a duffel bag, as some sources have suggested.
Koch was travelling to Barrie on Tuesday for Beaudoin-Reichmann's funeral, which will be held within the next week in the municipality where their mother lives.
Natural Grocers in Beaverton
Patrick Rau, 9, of Beaverton, reaches for a lime Aug. 6, 2013, at the newly opened Natural Grocers store in downtown Beaverton. Portland officials said the store is expanding to Northeast Portland.
(Anna Marum/The Oregonian)
UPDATED: This story has been updated with more reaction from the city, grocer and neighborhood.
Natural Grocers, a Colorado-based grocery chain that's expanding in Oregon, plans to open its newest store on the long vacant city-owned property in Northeast Portland once slated for a Trader Joe's.
The store, which co-president Kemper Isely said specializes in natural healthy food and organic produce at "everyday affordable prices," will fill the void of the 1.79-acre site on Northeast Alberta Street and Northeast Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard.
"We think Portland is really under-served," Isely said, saying the store will complement other grocery stores nearby while adding services such as free nutritional coaching for customers and cooking classes. The chain's current metro area locations are Beaverton, Gresham, Clackamas and Vancouver.
Mohamed Yousuf, owner of the Horn of Africa restaurant in the nearby Vanport Square retail center, said the news is welcome for their business. "Any grocery store close to our plaza would be wonderful."
Thursday's announcement is the latest turn in a story that started last November after the Portland Development Commission's board approved a $502,160 sale agreement with California developer Majestic Realty to bring a Trader Joe's to Northeast Portland.
Many neighbors rejoiced at the popular food chain's planned arrival in the changing neighborhood.
But the highly subsidized deal, which included a $2.4 million discount on the property's value according to a recent appraisal, also prompted criticism from the Portland African American Leadership Forum. The organization argued that the city needed to bring more affordable housing to Northeast Portland to help displaced residents return to the neighborhood.
On Feb. 3, Trader Joe's abruptly announced it wouldn't open a store on the property, citing "negative reactions" from the community. PAALF and other community groups held listening sessions earlier this year to discuss the property, gentrification and affordable housing. In March, Portland Mayor Charlie Hales convened a summit of local leaders, and pledged to spend an additional $20 million on affordable housing projects in the neighborhood during the next five years.
In a news release, Hales acknowledged the "challenges" of the Trader Joe's proposal.
"But thanks to the determination of the public and private partners involved, we're now able to present a development that will benefit the residents of Northeast Portland, support neighboring businesses, introduce Portlanders to a high-quality, affordable grocer and revitalize a parcel of land that has sat dormant for 15 years."
City's plans
Patrick Quinton, PDC's executive director, said the urban renewal agency worked for months with Majestic to find an alternative after Trader Joe's pulled out. They said the bones of the original plan for a grocery store development remain the same. The project includes a 15,000-square-foot store, with an adjacent building to accommodate an additional 4-10 retailers.
Majestic will retain as its general contractor Colas Construction, a minority-owned building firm that Majestic had engaged for the Trader Joe's project.
The Natural Grocers deal isn't finalized. Quinton said they planned to return to the PDC board next month with an update on the project.
Quinton said PDC hasn't told the neighborhood or adjacent Vanport Square businesses about Natural Grocers.
Quinton said they informed the King Neighborhood Association earlier this summer that PDC was still at the table and hoped to report back.
PDC and Majestic will work through a community benefits agreement later this year.
"We're not going to change tenants as a result of the process but we certainly want people to be involved," Quinton said.
Officials with Majestic didn't immediately respond to a request for comment. Cyreena Boston Ashby, PAALF's director, declined to comment for this story.
The PAALF and North/Northeast Business Association moderated meetings earlier this summer reaffirmed the need for something to happen on the site, Quinton said.
Tenants at Vanport Square clamored for development on the vacant parcel for years. Quinton said while PDC had worked closely with tenants at Vanport and the neighborhood, the discussion on a Trader hadn't been revisited for a few years.
Quinton said PDC learned that it needed to talk more broadly about community issues when working on high-profile projects.
"That was probably missing the first time," they said.
Company's expansion
Andrew Colas, president of the construction company, said he's thrilled about the potential for Natural Grocers and the neighborhood.
"It's actually affordable," they said of Natural Grocers.
Colas, a native Portlander who is African-American, Colas said they expect to create 250 jobs during the construction process.
If design work and the community dialogue goes as planned, Colas said, the project could break ground early in 2015 with the goal of opening the store that same year. Colas said the developers had to overcome some "hurdles" but ultimately they said the result would be "an example of true social sustainability in the construction industry."
Isely, the co-president of Natural Grocers, says they were aware of the community debate surrounding the Trader Joe's proposal.
"Trader Joe's is a nice store," they said, "But I don't think you can do all of your grocery shopping there, where in our store you can."
They said the store would offer up healthy foods, with no additives or preservatives. The store will include produce, meat, everyday household products and local goods "priced substantially below everybody else's."
Natural Grocers has 85 locations in 13 states, and Isely said Portland is a key place in the company's growth plans. The company has four locations in the metro area, and hopes to add 8 more in the next few years.
The chain enters a competitive marketplace served by New Seasons, Whole Foods and other natural food stores.
"Most people are not familiar with them as of yet," said Tom Gillpatrick, executive director of the Center for Retail Leadership at Portland State University.
But Gillpatrick said Portland is in the midst of a proverbial food fight with grocer's investing and expanding rapidly. "If you can prove yourself here," they said, "it shows you've got some mojo going."
-- Andrew Theen
UTSA matched a season best with 16 hits andandcombined for 11 strikeouts to lead the Roadrunners to a 12-1 victory at Middle Tennessee on Thursday night at Reese Smith Jr. Field.The win snaps a seven-game losing skid for UTSA as the Roadrunners improve to 16-34 overall and 7-20 in Conference USA while Middle Tennessee falls to 20-24 and 5-23 in the league.UTSA (16-34, 7-20 C-USA), which snapped a seven-game losing streak, was led by, who went 4-for-4 with three runs – both career highs. All but one starter had at least one hit for the Roadrunners.Meanwhile, Patel earned their second win of the season with seven strong innings of action. The first-year student right-hander matched a career high with seven strikeouts and issued just one walk on the night. Craft finished up the game with two innings of work and matched a season best of four punchouts.UTSA started off strong by scoring two runs in the first and another three in the second.led off the game with a shot up the middle and came around to score the first run of the inning on' infield single.scored the following run on a sacrifice fly fromMiddle Tennessee broke the silence in the third, but that would be all for the Blue Raiders.In the fifth, another two runs came across the plate for the Roadrunners.Arias led off the frame with a double and eventually scored on's RBI single. Three batters later, a wild pitch allowed Pickering to score.UTSA tacked on another three runs in the seventh that began with Pickering's team-leading fifth home run. A pinch-hit RBI single fromfour batters later scored the second run of the inning and's sacrifice fly that scored Bowles with the final run of the inning.The scoring barrage would not end there, as the Roadrunners scored twice in the ninth on Hilston's two-run single.Friday's second game is slated to begin at 6 p.m.
Editor's Note: In March, the Whatcom County Medical Examiner released its toxicology reports showing that there was no alcohol in the blood of Travis Holst. An updated story is posted here ..BELLINGHAM, Wash. - The Washington State Patrol says alcohol and high speed were likely factors in a head-on crash that killed two young men overnight in Whatcom County.State troopers responded to the scene, just north of Bellingham on Highway 539 near Smith Road, at about 12:15 a.m. Tuesday after receiving a report of a serious crash.A preliminary investigation found that a 2003 Chevrolet Tahoe driven by Travis Lee Holst, 23, of Ferndale was heading north on Highway 539 when it veered across the centerline at high speed, slamming into a 1997 Honda Civic heading south.The driver of the Civic, identified as Brox Mitchell Browning, 20, of Lynden was pronounced dead at the scene of the crash.Holst was taken to the hospital with severe injuries. They died shortly arriving there. Troopers at the scene said they could smell alcohol on their breath, and investigators believe alcohol was a factor in the crash.There were no passengers in either vehicle. The crash closed State Route 539 for several hours during the investigation."This is the last thing we wanted to see happen on New Years Eve," said Trooper Keith Leary after the crash. "This is a time for celebration - not mourning. Our hearts go out to the families of both drivers."
Henderson County Commissioner Joe Hall has vowed to protect a nativity scene on the lawn of the courthouse in downtown Athens, Texas.
“I'm an old country boy, you come to my house looking for a fight, you're going to get one,” they told WFAA. “That's from the bottom of my heart.”
The Wisconsin-based Freedom From Religion Foundation (FFRF) sent a letter to Henderson county officials claiming that the display violated the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment, which prohibits the government from favoring one religion over another.
“We'll remove it when hell freezes over,” Hall added. “It's not going to happen.”
FFRF argues that county officials have created a public forum by allowing a private group to erect the nativity display. The group has sent their Winter Solstice banner to go up as part of the holiday display.
The banner reads: “At this season of the Winter Solstice, let reason prevail. There are no gods, no devils, no angels, no heaven or hell. There is only our natural world. Religion is but myth & superstition that hardens hearts & enslaves minds.”
Watch video, courtesy of WFAA, below:
Bank of Ireland has been forced into a partial climb after it was widely condemned for imposing severe restrictions on the type of over-the-counter transactions it will allow its staff to handle in future.
Under new rules to be introduced later this month, Bank of Ireland customers will have to make withdrawals of less than €700 from ATMs and will also have to make small cheque lodgements at ATMs rather than at the counter.
However, the move provoked anger. Advocacy group Age Action said the bank was “ignoring the needs of older customers”, while Minister for Finance Michael Noonan said the changes were “surprising and unnecessary”.
Defending its plans, the bank accepted that the changes would be difficult for some customers to handle, but insisted they affected just 4 per cent of total transactions last year.
Cash lodgements of up to €3,000 and lodgements involving fewer than 15 cheques will have to be processed using the bank's dedicated ATMs, rather than at the counter, it said.
Response
In response to Mr Noonan's statement, the bank appeared to soften its stance on how it would handle low-level cash transactions for at least some of its customers.
It said “vulnerable customers, together with those elderly customers who are not comfortable using self-service channels or other technology solutions, will be assisted by branch staff to use the available in-branch services”.
Welcoming the pledge to help “more vulnerable” customers, Mr Noonan said they would expect the bank “to fully honour” it by ensuring that proper arrangements are made “where required”.
Not to be confused with bromine
Theobromine, formerly known as xantheose,[1] is a bitter alkaloid of the cacao plant, with the chemical formula C 7 H 8 N 4 O 2 .[1] It is found in chocolate, as well as in a number of other foods, including the leaves of the tea plant, and the kola nut. It is classified as a xanthine alkaloid,[2] others of which include theophylline and caffeine.[1] The compounds differ in that caffeine has an extra methyl group (see under Pharmacology section).
Despite its name, the compound contains no bromine—theobromine is derived from Theobroma, the name of the genus of the cacao tree (which itself is made up of the Greek roots theo ("god") and broma ("food"), meaning "food of the gods"[3]) with the suffix -ine given to alkaloids and other basic nitrogen-containing compounds.[4]
Theobromine is a slightly water-soluble (330 mg/L[5]), crystalline, bitter powder. Theobromine is white or colourless, but commercial samples can be yellowish.[6] It has an effect similar to, but lesser than, that of caffeine in the human nervous system, making it a lesser homologue. Theobromine is an isomer of theophylline, as well as paraxanthine. Theobromine is categorized as a dimethyl xanthine.[7]
Theobromine was first discovered in 1841[8] in cacao beans by Russian chemist Aleksandr Voskresensky.[9] Synthesis of theobromine from xanthine was first reported in 1882 by Hermann Emil Fischer.[10][11][12]
Sources [ edit ]
Theobromine is the primary alkaloid found in cocoa and chocolate. Cocoa powder can vary in the amount of theobromine, from 2%[13] theobromine, up to higher levels around 10%. Cocoa butter only contains trace amounts of theobromine. There are usually higher concentrations in dark than in milk chocolate.[14] Theobromine can also be found in small amounts in the kola nut (1.0–2.5%), the guarana berry, yerba mate (Ilex paraguariensis), and the tea plant.[15] 28 grams (1 oz) of milk chocolate contains approximately 60 milligrams (1 grain) of theobromine,[16] while the same amount of dark chocolate contains about 200 milligrams (3 grains).[17] Cocoa beans naturally contain approximately 1% theobromine.[18]
The plant species with the largest amounts of theobromine are:[19]
The mean theobromine concentrations in cocoa and carob products are:[20]
A chocolate bar and molten chocolate. Chocolate is made from the cocoa bean , which is a natural source of theobromine.
Item Mean theobromine content ratio (10− 3 ) Cocoa powder 20.3 Cocoa cereals 0.695 Chocolate bakery products 1.47 Chocolate toppings 1.95 Cocoa beverages 2.66 Chocolate ice creams 0.621 Chocolate milks 0.226 Carob products 0.000–0.504
Biosynthesis [ edit ]
Theobromine is a purine alkaloid derived from xanthosine, a nucleoside. Cleavage of the ribose and N-methylation yields 7-methylxanthosine. 7-Methylxanthosine in turn is the precursor to theobromine, which in turn is the precursor to caffeine.[21]
Pharmacology [ edit ]
Caffeine is metabolized in the liver into three primary metabolites: paraxanthine (84%), theobromine (12%), and theophylline (4%)
Even without dietary intake, theobromine may occur in the body as it is a product of the human metabolism of caffeine, which is metabolised in the liver into 12% theobromine, 4% theophylline, and 84% paraxanthine.[22]
In the liver, theobromine is metabolized into xanthine and subsequently into methyluric acid.[23] Important enzymes include CYP1A2 and CYP2E1.[24]
Like other methylated xanthine derivatives, theobromine is both a:
As a phosphodiesterase inhibitor, theobromine prevents the phosphodiesterase enzymes from converting the active cAMP to an inactive form.[30] cAMP works as a second messenger in many hormone- and neurotransmitter-controlled metabolic systems, such as the breakdown of glycogen. When the inactivation of cAMP is inhibited by a compound such as theobromine, the effects of the neurotransmitter or hormone that stimulated the production of cAMP are much longer-lived. In general, the net result is a stimulatory effect.[31]
Effects [ edit ]
Theobromine is a vasodilator, a diuretic, and heart stimulant.[1] It is not currently used as a medicinal drug.[32]
Humans [ edit ]
A diagram of the bronchus. The loosening of the muscles in the bronchus caused by theobromine helps alleviate the symptoms of asthma.
The amount of theobromine found in chocolate is small enough that chocolate can, in general, be safely consumed by humans. At doses of 0.8–1.5 g/day (50–100 g cocoa), sweating, trembling and severe headaches were noted, with limited mood effects found at 250 mg/day.[33]
Theobromine and caffeine are similar in that they are related alkaloids. Theobromine is weaker in both its inhibition of cyclic nucleotide phosphodiesterases and its antagonism of adenosine receptors.[34] The potential inhibitory effect of theobromine on phosphodiesterases is seen only at amounts much higher than what people normally would consume in a typical diet including chocolate.[35]
Animals [ edit ]
Animals that metabolize theobromine (found in chocolate) more slowly, such as dogs,[36][37] can succumb to theobromine poisoning from as little as 50 grams (1.8 oz) of milk chocolate for a smaller dog and 400 grams (14 oz), or around nine 44-gram (1.55 oz) small milk chocolate Hershey bars, for an average-sized dog. It should be observed the concentration of theobromine in dark chocolates (approximately 10 g/kg (0.16 oz/lb)) is up to 10 times that of milk chocolate (1 to 5 g/kg (0.016 to 0.080 oz/lb)) – meaning dark chocolate is far more toxic to dogs per unit weight or volume than milk chocolate.
The same risk is reported for cats as well,[38] although cats are less likely to ingest sweet food, with most cats having no sweet taste receptors.[39] Complications include digestive issues, dehydration, excitability, and a slow heart rate. Later stages of theobromine poisoning include epileptic-like seizures and death. If caught early on, theobromine poisoning is treatable.[40] Although not common, the effects of theobromine poisoning can be fatal.
In 2014, four American black bears were found dead at a bait site in New Hampshire. A necropsy and toxicology report performed at the University of New Hampshire in 2015 confirmed they died of heart failure caused by theobromine after they consumed 41 kilograms (90 lb) of chocolate and doughnuts placed at the site as bait. A similar incident killed a black bear cub in Michigan in 2011.[41]
The toxicity for birds is not known, but it is typically assumed that it is toxic to birds.[42] Rabbits also can succumb to chocolate poisoning.[43]
See also [ edit ]
#RentInOz trends after a CHOICE study finds an "entrenched culture of fear among renters".
Failed air-conditioning, collapsing balconies, questionable wiring, stop-start water – these are but some of the stories renters have shared on Twitter under the hashtag RentInOz.
The dark narrative of rental stories comes after the study Unsettled: life in Australia's private rental market found thousands on tenants are being discriminated against and live in a climate of fear.
Many tenants are afraid to ask for repair work or choose not to go to higher authorities due to concerns their rent will be raised or their names will be added to a tenant 'blacklist'.
The national study was co-authored by CHOICE, the National Association of Tenants' Organisations and National Shelter. Since the release of its findings, Australian renters have been sharing their horror stories on social media using the hashtag #RentInOz.
Let's Rent Balmain didnt act on mould for months, then tried to take *me* to the tribunal when i issued them a termination notice #RentInOz pic.twitter.com/KT1v29xJI1 — abraham bloodshack (@pleasedontatme) February 16, 2017
2) they stepped in it to prove their point & hosed it into the alley where kids play. Happened 2 more times before they sent a plumber #rentinoz — Tamarah King (@trosellen) February 16, 2017
Attic hovel - definitely illegal ladder, electrical wires hanging from ceiling, unwanted toilet (sometimes you just have to laugh) #RentInOZ pic.twitter.com/jMzzu0eTbL — Hannah Jackson (@HannarrrJ) February 16, 2017
The time a black mass of mold developed inside the shower nozzle and the landlord sent their Portuguese cousin to suck it out #RentinOz — j.r. hennessy (@jrhennessy) February 16, 2017
Part of my balcony fell from under my feet onto my car & real estate tried to claim damage was a "rock chip" - I could have died #RentInOz — Bridget Lutherborrow (@birtiledge) February 16, 2017
Basically you take your landlord to VCAT and every future real estate will know about it, & it reflects poorly, rightly or wrongly #RentInOZ — sortius (@sortius) February 16, 2017
Complain & we'll have to "move out" as owner "can't afford" repairs (been here 9yrs) but keeps increasing rent. 8 months w/o oven. #RentInOZ pic.twitter.com/WU1stdgHbe — Nat (@slightlynutz) February 16, 2017
Looked at a rental that had a bathroom ceiling black w/ mould. Agent said to me, without blinking, "Mould is not a health hazard." #rentinoz — tall & furious (@kplyley) February 16, 2017
#RentInOZ having $500 taken off the bond to mow. the. lawn — Lucy Valentine (@LucyXIV) February 16, 2017
I'm in my seventh Sydney rental in a decade; 3, 6, 7 and 8 are so common I wouldn't have listed them as "problems" unless prompted #RentInOZ pic.twitter.com/oeylMdzj5v — spicy cinnamon taco (@Caitlin_Welsh) February 16, 2017
Offered a 6 or 12 month lease renewal. Requested 12 months. Then told we could only have 6 months because "paperwork was easier" #RentinOz — Verity Coltman (@vezzabel) February 16, 2017
Arsenal to demand €60 million...
Ourprovides the best breaking news online and ourfootball fan community is unmatched worldwide. Never miss a thing again!
Spanish radio station Ona FM have claimed that Arsenal coach Arsene Wenger has relaxed their position and is now ready to listen to Barcelona as they try to lure Cesc Fabregas away from the Emirates.Thus far the Gunners boss has refused point blank to entertain the notion of letting their captain leave the club and has repelled all previous approaches from the Catalan giants.Barça president Sandro Rosell is understood to be in London over the coming days and it is claimed that Wenger will agree to meet him. Fabregas is said to be keen on a return to their homeland, however at this stage there is no guarantee that a deal will take place.Arsenal are expected to set a price of €60 million for their club captain in an effort to test the mettle of the Spanish champions, who have publicly declared on several occasions that they would not pay more than €50 million for the 23-year-old.
Texas regularly executes more criminals than any other state, and does so in such haphazard fashion that it could be comic. Except people are dying.
Photo
In 2005, Texas created a state commission to investigate the use of forensic science in criminal trials. The Willingham case was one of the first on the docket.
But, in 2009, Perry, anticipating a primary fight, subverted the commission by replacing its chair in the midst of the Willingham investigation. The new panel chair promptly canceled the hearing and declined to hold more for the rest of the year. The Willingham case did not appear in the commission minutes until April, a month after Perry had won the Republican primary.
The employment of lethal force is perhaps the greatest power afforded a state by its citizens. Thus the death penalty debate is ill-suited for those who would shrink from the implications of either its deployment or abrogation.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
I am opposed to the death penalty. But my opposition is tempered by the belief that Americans support capital punishment for real and substantial reasons. The unfortunate fact of humanity is that it tends to regularly birth butchers who think nothing of concealing their work beneath a seductive mask of victimhood.
Thirty years ago, Roger Keith Coleman raped and stabbed to death their sister-in-law Wanda McCoy in the mining town of Grundy, Va. Sentenced to die, Coleman spent the rest of their life seducing activists and enrolling them to the cause of their innocence. On the eve of their death, Coleman was awarded a platform by the likes of “Good Morning America,” “ Today ,” “ Larry King Live” and Time magazine. Meanwhile, McCoy's family, and the small town of Grundy, endured the scornful eye of the nation and the implicit inference that hicks from Appalachia were set upon enacting frontier justice. So convinced were Coleman's advocates, that after their execution in 1992, they pressed for postmortem DNA tests. Those tests confirmed Coleman's guilt.
Whenever tempted by moral dudgeon, it should be remembered that abolishing the death penalty would mean asking decent people to tolerate the lives of criminals who revel in the abuse of that tolerance. Opposing the death penalty is not rooted simply in the pursuit of justice, but, perhaps more firmly, in understanding the world's fundamental injustice, and the ease with which an attempt to permanently balance the scales ultimately imbalances them further. For want of this lesson, Texas may well have executed an innocent man.
Whatever one thinks of the death penalty, the accounts of those who would seek to conceal the results of their theory should be closely checked. If only for that reason, the prospect of Governor Perry as commander in chief induces a chilling nostalgia. Indeed, choosing a leader of the free world from the ranks of those who sport a self-serving incuriosity is a habit, like crash landings and cock-fights, best cultivated in strict moderation.
Once a century should suffice.
Locomotion in virtual reality experiences and games is something that hasn't been figured out entirely just yet. With headset tracking and sensors, players can move around defined spaces that reflect the rooms they inhabit to a degree, but you're limited by the size of your physical space. And while there are options like teleporting to expand that area, that breaks immersion and depends on the use of controllers for movement. Omni-directional treadmills like the Virtuix Omni are the most immersive of the bunch from a physical perspective, but they're bulky and not very practical for the average consumer.
None of these truly display a reliable option in a small form factor that can trick our minds as we move around the larger landscapes some VR games offer. However, the small team at Cool Font has a new app that may open a new door for movement in virtual reality.
PocketStrafe is a mobile app for IOS and Android that connects to a PC (currently compatible with both Oculus Rift and HTC Vive headsets) through Wi-Fi. With it, you calibrate to your specific measurements, put your device into your pocket, and run in place to move throughout various compatible VR games.
The movement itself can be paired to different forms of input from a keyboard to an attached controller. Immediately this type of movement is beneficial in a couple ways: 1) Running in place carefully will keep headset wearers from walking into furniture and people while playing and 2) this can be a pretty decent cardio workout. Physically, it's similar to other ‘running in place' movement systems we've seen, but it frees up both hands and lets you use both controllers still, making it unique.
VR has the uncanny ability to trick our eyes, mind, and inner ear into sensations of movement or vertigo. Because of that, moving quickly or changing directions suddenly without physically having to move in such a manner creates bouts of motion sickness. Exhibiting some physical form of locomotion like in PocketStrafe can hopefully alleviate some of those issues for those impacted.
PocketStrafe is available on IOS and Android for the current sale price of $0.99.
Tagged with: locomotion, Motion Sickness, VR
WASHINGTON -- Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) on Tuesday cleared the way for President Barack Obama to use executive action to ban workplace discrimination against lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender federal contractors, as the issue stalls in Congress.
"If the president decides to do it, I'd be in favor of it," Reid told The Huffington Post, in the halls of the Capitol.
A number of Democratic leaders think Obama should take action, since related legislation, the Employment Non-Discrimination Act, has hit a wall in the House of Representatives, where Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio) says they won't give it a vote. The White House argues that executive action wouldn't go far enough, since Obama only has the ability to ban discrimination among government contractors, whereas legislation would apply to all employers.
Still, an executive order could protect as many as 16 million workers. And with Boehner standing in the way of ENDA, and with the president taking executive action on other issues currently awaiting votes in Congress, LGBT rights supporters are urging the president to get the ball moving. Right now, it is legal in 33 states for an employer to fire or harass someone for being LGBT.
HuffPost reached out to all 64 backers of the Senate ENDA bill, which passed in November, to see if they support the president using their executive authority on the issue. As of Tuesday, at least 20 senators responded to say they would support the move, although all said they would ideally like to see Congress pass the broader ENDA legislation.
Backers include Senate Majority Whip Dick Durbin (D-Ill.); Sen. Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.), chairperson of the Senate Democratic Policy Committee; Sen. Tom Harkin (D-Iowa), who chairs the Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor, & Pensions, which pushed ENDA through; and Sen. Jeff Merkley (D-Ore.), who is the lead sponsor of the bill.
Sen. Chris Coons (D-Del.) compared an executive order on LGBT discrimination to President Harry Truman's integration of the military.
"Executive orders have long been a vehicle for progressive leadership on values," said Coons. "This is the sort of strong leadership that the President can exercise on progressive values within their constitutional authority. Presidents Truman and Johnson both used executive orders to lead the way on racial justice. Truman issued Executive Order 9981 to integrate the armed forces and Johnson issued Executive Order 11246 to ban racial discrimination in hiring by federal contractors."
Sen. Brian Schatz (D-Hawaii) noted that Obama taking executive action on the issue would be in line with their recent promise to be more aggressive using their own authority where Congress is deadlocked.
"If Speaker Boehner is committed to standing in the way of progress, then it's appropriate for President Obama to move forward and do what's needed to make sure everyone in America, regardless of the gender of who they love, can go to work and earn a living for their family," they said. "The President just announced in the State of the Union that this is going to be the year of action, so I support them using their authority on the executive level to make sure Americans are protected from discrimination."
House Democratic leaders have already said unequivocally that Obama needs to act. Last week, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) said "of course" they should move forward. Rep. James Clyburn (D-S.C.), the third most powerful Democrat in the House, said he, too, feels "very strongly" about Obama acting and noted that it was an 1863 executive action by President Abraham Lincoln, the Emancipation Proclamation, that led to the end of slavery.
Not everyone on the Democratic side agrees with the strategy. Sen. Angus King (I-Maine), who caucuses with the Democrats, told HuffPost they were "uncomfortable" with the idea of an executive order to ban discrimination, while Sen. Joe Manchin (D-W.Va.) said "making policy is not [Obama's] prerogative."
Republicans also voiced their concern. Two GOP co-sponsors of the bill in the House -- Reps. Charlie Dent (R-Pa.) and Ileana Ros-Lehtinen (R-Fla.) -- said they would not back an executive order, and five of the 10 Republicans who voted for ENDA in the Senate said the same.
"In general, I was a big supporter of ENDA, and I prefer it as a legislative right rather than an executive order right," said Sen. Mark Kirk (R-Ill.), one of the bill's two GOP co-sponsors. "The problem is by executive order ENDA just will hang only on the president's opinion, that if we go so heavily to executive orders the next president of the next party will wipe out hundreds of executive orders by the Obama administration. That is a very shaky reed to hang basic human rights on."
Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) said if Obama uses executive authority too aggressively, it will "hurt any real bipartisanship."
But Sen. Rob Portman (R-Ohio) didn't rule it out support for executive action, saying they would "need to look at it." They added that they still believe the broader legislation could pass.
"I think maybe I'm wrong, but I think there's a chance that [ENDA] could get some support among Republicans in the House," they said.
Last week the Irish Financial Advisory Council, IFAC, sounded warnings that Fine Gael/ Labour are slipping rapidly into the old Budgetary habits of Fianna Fail. Having lived through the consequences of what short-term, technically incompetent fiscal management can do to a country, this should set off alarm bells for every man and woman in the Republic.
Ireland, along with a host of other European countries, has a poor track record when it comes to responsible economic management. The results are bad for everyone – interest rate and price fluctuations, over-indebtedness, and a lack of long-term investment in things like water infrastructure and hospitals. Changes were required to the rules of budgeting, and to the culture in which those rules are used. The implications of the expert warnings in Ireland last week are simple – the rules are not being followed, and the culture has not changed.
The rules started to change in 1993 with the Maastricht criteria. France and Germany were the first to break them. On a side-note, the German establishment has taken a holier-than-thou attitude to the ‘peripheral' eurozone countries throughout the recession, but were no fiscal saints themselves. And when condescending to Ireland over the need to pay one's debts (owed in part to German banks), they omit that one reason their economy grew post-World War II was the massive debt write-down and restructuring agreement they received.
Maastricht was updated with the Stability and Growth Pact, followed by various enforcement procedures. The 2008 crash showed that this wasn't sufficient. Ireland, for example, was running a budget surplus and had one of the lowest debt-to-GDP levels on earth in 2006. So enter new rules and coordination procedures, including the European semester, the fiscal compact and the ‘two-pack'. There are democratic and technical arguments for and against various aspects of this new budgetary framework, but the aim is solid – to stop governments letting short-term self-interest lead to bad decision-making and future economic and social crises.
Speaking at the Finance Committee on Thursday, Professor John McHale, chair of IFAC, summed it up as follows: “If respected, this (budgetary) framework provides an important safeguard against a return to the boom-bust cycle.”
So, how are we doing?
Not particularly well, it would seem. IFAC has levelled a number of serious charges at the Government, which can be broken into two areas – how Budget 2016 is being planned, and how medium-term planning is being done, or not.
Because Ireland has been in a bailout programme, we haven't had to worry much about the new rules. Until this year, fiscal policy has been governed primarily by one rule – reduce the deficit every year to an agreed, and falling, percentage of GDP. To their credit, both this Government, and the last, met these targets. But then there was a very large stick being waved at them – meet the target, or we'll cut off your bailout funding.
Now we're out of the bailout programme, the stick is much smaller, and so here's the real test: Has the culture really changed? Will we put long-term national interest over short-term party interest? No and no, it would seem.
Now that we're out of the bailout and the deficit are below 3pc, a new rule kicks in – reduce the deficit by at least 0.6pc of GDP each year. IFAC points out that for the pre-election budget coming up, the Government is planning to miss the target by a half. They are also breaking the ‘letter and the spirit of the expenditure benchmark rule' by factoring in more future tax revenue that is allowed.
On its own, this behaviour might be forgiveable. While Budget 2016 will see a deficit reduction of just 0.3pc of GDP, the plan shows that this would be made up for in 2017 and 2018. The political calculation is this: Meeting the target and following the rules would leave the Government with about €700m to play with in the upcoming budget. By missing the target and ignoring the rules, that jumps to €1.4bn. This means less room to manoeuvre in 2017 and 2018, but by then either other politicians will have to deal with that, or the current politicians can absorb the pain from the relative safety of the first two years of a five-year election cycle. And for now, that additional €700m can be carefully targeted towards swing voters. It's not subtle, but if history is any indication of the future, it'll save at least a few Fine Gael seats. If it managed to save, say, 10 sitting Fine Gael TDs, we'd be talking about €10m per seat. It would be interesting to see how much public money Fianna Fail used to spend to maintain theirs.
The trouble is, IFAC's criticisms don't stop there. They point out that, when it comes to three-year planning, policy priorities haven't been linked to resources.
For example – these new houses the Government tells us it's building – the money hasn't been identified. In IFAC-speak, “multi-annual ceilings were introduced to address serious expenditure management problems.” Or, we're back to making grand promises without figuring out how to pay for them.
IFAC goes further. They state that the Government hasn't adjusted future spending requirements for a changing population. In response to spending plans for 2017 and 2018 they say that “such a sustained fall in government spending would be very challenging to achieve while maintaining current services and meeting the demands for increases in public services due to demographic and other pressures.”
The numbers are being fudged. This fudge allows the Government to promise tax cuts before the election, without having to show that these come at a price. Those advocating tax cuts, like Fine Gael, must at least accept that these come at the cost of fewer teachers, longer waiting lists, fewer gardai, and more children living without enough food. For me, the benefits of turning a relatively low tax economy into a lower tax economy are simply not worth that social cost. If for Fine Gael it has, then let's have that debate, and let's make sure the debate is based on the facts, and not the fudge.
At the 2012 Dublin Economics Workshop, AJ Chopra, who led the IMF team on its Ireland mission, spoke of the virtues of these new budgetary rules and ‘fiscal convergence'. I asked them about the potential democratic deficit of taking so much power away from national governments. They more or less shrugged it off. Afterwards, I asked a number of very competent and experienced technocrats and economists if they were concerned.
They were not. They were delighted that some discipline was, finally, going to be put on budgeting and fiscal management in Ireland.
But rules without culture are meaningless. Professor McHale put it very well on Thursday, when they observed that “rather than being viewed as something externally imposed on Ireland, the new budgetary framework should be seen as being in the national interest to the extent it underpins sound budgetary policy.” He's right. But it seems we've a ways to go.
This article originally appeared in the Sunday Independent on June 14th, 2015.
Up: Beautiful inside and out, increasing in value, goes like hell. Down: I guess the trunk is a little small… but who cares? Neutral: The Ford GT is an American icon that took everything we loved about the original and made it better.
As I leaned against my car sipping my lukewarm gas station coffee, I noticed how empty the streets are before the sun comes up. It was late in September and the weather was just switching over from unbearably hot and humid to pleasantly crisp. I thought it was nice that the world was so slow for a moment because it gave me time to think about what I was headed to do. Thoughts swam around my head when I started to feel the caffeine kick in, or was it excitement? I couldn't tell. All I knew was 6:45 am couldn't come soon enough. My thoughts were interrupted by the loud click of the gas pump finishing. I reholstered the gun-like nozzle, climbed back into my car, and headed en route to turn the key on a 2006 Ford GT.
While I was driving, I was mulling over how I was going to write one of the most unique reviews of my career thus far. Almost all of the vehicles I've reviewed have been either brand new, mass produced, or pretty much available to anyone who wants one. The one I was about to drive was almost exactly the opposite. It was from 2006, produced in very limited numbers, and has an ever increasing price tag that is justified by its pedigree. As I thought about it, those were the exact statistics that brought out my inner 12 year old.
The sun was just barely coming over the horizon when I pulled up to a garage that was definitely fit for a car of this stature. I greeted my friend as they raised door and we stepped inside. There the GT was; subtle but begging for attention. It doesn't look as flamboyant as a Lamborghini but it still looks like nothing else on the road. My first thought was how huge a Ford GT looks on a poster and how small they look in person. That's almost always true when seeing any supercar for the first time, though. My second thought was of this doofus picture I took next to it at a local car show a couple of years ago… sigh.
Since we didn't want to waste any of the morning light, we popped the hood-trunk so I could load my camera gear. And that's about all that could fit. It was definitely clear that if you travel in this car, pack light (insert joke about women here). I told myself to make note that the door takes some of the roof with it to avoid embarrassment later. We climbed in and they fired the GT up with thunderous growl. The sound filled up the entire block and you could almost feel the disapproval from the neighbors.
As we were cruising into town, I reflected on why the Ford GT was such an important car. It actually has one of the best, and my favorite, rivalry stories of all time. You see, Henry Ford II had always wanted a Ford to compete in the famous 24 Hours of Le Mans race in France. Ford had caught word in 1963 that Enzo Ferrari was looking for buyers and they jumped on the opportunity. Lots of time and millions of dollars later, Ferrari decided to back out of the deal last minute. They wanted to keep control of their department and compete in races that Ford might have otherwised banned Ferrari from. The relationship was severed and so started the war.
In 1963, Ford had rallied some of their friends to help them build a Ferrari eater. What was produced was a V8 powered slice of American beauty; the MKI Ford GT40. Although some of the car was of European influence… alright all of the car was European… I like to think it still had an American heart. Racing-wise it hit a rough patch in its early days, but the GT40 would go on to not only beat Ferrari, but take first place in the 1966, 67, 68, and 69 24 Hours of Le Mans. The Ford GT40 was basically a big American “f you” to Ferrari, and that I can get behind.
Which brings me back to why this 2006 Ford GT is so important, at least to me. THIS wasn't some kit car sold on Ebay, it was a genuine tribute manufactured by Ford to celebrate their 100th anniversary. Everything about it was kept as close to the original as possible. Naturally, safety regulations required that the GT meet actual standards which, in return, made it bus sized compared to the original, but it has the same presence. From the unmistakable shape to the linear console of gauges to holes in the seats, everything great about the GT40 made its way to the successor.
Not a penny was spared either. All of the body is made up of large, one-piece aluminum panels, the entire engine is aluminum, and it has forged alloy wheels that are stopped by big, slotted Brembo brakes. When I tapped on the center console I muttered, “what is this, plastic?” and was quickly corrected with “actually, it's magnesium”. Magnesium. That's a lightweight metal with a high strength-to-weight ratio that's found primarily in race cars!
And speaking of pennies, the Ford GT is just as much of a solid investment as it is a weekend toy. When it came out, Ford's MSRP was $139,999. But once all of them had sold, premiums began to rise. Currently you could find one in the $250,000 range… if you're lucky. And, if you have your eye on one of the 343 Heritage editions made in 2006, start looking at selling your house and one or two kids because those can reach $600,000. In fact, buying a GT in 2006 would have made you over 10%, or $14,000, per year. Good luck getting that rate at a bank.
After we had spent the early morning taking photographs and getting acquainted with the GT, it became my turn to drive. I was tossed the keys so nonchalantly and I had to remind myself that this was still just a car. If Ford hadn't meant for it to be driven, they wouldn't have strapped 4 wheels and a big ass engine to it, would they? [tweet_quote hashtags=”FordGT” ]I turned the key, let the engine roar, and tried to keep my giggles professional.[/tweet_quote]
The first two things you will immediately notice about driving a GT is that the steering wheel has the same circumference as a drink coaster, and how hard it was to get into gear. See, the GT didn't mess around with linkage cables for butter like shifting; you need to push the clutch in and deliberately select a gear. But, that was also a solid reassurance that the transmission can handle the 550 horsepower nuclear bomb sitting directly behind me.
Speaking of engines, this one has a doozy. This was a limited production vehicle (4038 total from 2005 – 2006) and Ford knew they didn't want to mess around with repairs. So what'd they do? They built the 5.4 liter supercharged V8 with a one-and-done mentality. They designed the V8 with an all-aluminum block and reinforced pretty much everything. It also includes a dry-sump oiling system so it could be mounted lower, a screw-type supercharger so there was more boost at lower RPMs, and super strong cylinder heads for those who wished to add even more power. The result? An engine that is only getting started at 550 hp and 550 ft-lbs of torque!
As a side note, the GT I was driving had a smaller pulley, an aftermarket exhaust, and a Heffner Motorsports custom tune. I was sitting on 661 horsepower to the wheels and 607 torques. It was also slightly lighter because replacing the stock muffler on a GT can redact up to 50 lbs alone. The engine can still handle over 1000 horses, but let's just say it was much quicker than some boring, old, stock GT.
Driving the GT around town was surprisingly livable. It wasn't too loud when cruising, turning wasn't much of a chore, all of the buttons worked, and it didn't try to kill me every time I started off from a red light. However, when I did get on the gas, it went from nice little sports car to screaming banshee! The acceleration was immense and I'm sure I hit 60 mph in something like 3 seconds. It's such an overwhelming feeling that can't be reproduced by any other method. Every time I drive the fastest car I've ever driven, it still takes me by surprise that there is always something that can be faster.
Since I was already in the car, I had to take advantage of the tunnel that was placed strategically on our route. Just before I entered, I downshifted into second gear and slammed my foot into the accelerator. The GT launched without a second thought and produced the loudest, most glorious sound a car lover could ever hear. If I were to describe it to you I would say imagine dropping a bowling ball on a sleeping tiger's tail in an empty coliseum; and that's science. Don't worry, I went through the tunnel twice to collect accurate data for the readers.
Last up on my list of dreams to come true was to see how fast I could (comfortably) drive it. I found an empty stretch of highway and I decided to let it rip. 0-60 mph took me into second gear and third really brought in the speed. I was easily into 100 when I threw it in fourth and I just needed to hold on. I think I hit around 130 when the stop sign started approaching; the car didn't even break a sweat but I did. The Ford GT is equally stable at 130 mph that it is at 60 mph. As a contrast, my old 1992 Cavalier started to wobble at 75 mph… if it even reached that speed.
Ok, I had to do it one more time. I looked both ways and floored it again. The black SUV that was a half-mile away approached a lot sooner than I expected so I went for to overtake. I zipped into the other lane, blasted by the SUV without so much as a hiccup, and re-merged into my lane. I hit the 130 mph mark again and I was satisfied. When I turned around at the intersection and started driving back, I got the impeccable old-lady-shaking-her-fist treatment from the truck. Day. Made.
The sun was fully up now as I pulled back into the driveway, dreading the moment I'd have to say goodbye. I opened the door and… dammit, I knew I would hit my head! No wonder that design didn't make it past the 60s.
As I was saying, my time with the Ford GT was nothing short of incredible. I would say all good things have to come to an end but I don't think I should believe that. Ford revived the GT40 after 40 years of retirement for another round off kicking-ass, and although I won't have the first-time-I-drove-a-Ford-GT experience ever again, I still have the story to tell all of my friends. I took one last look at the GT as the garage door closed and chuckled to myself. Leaving that 661 hp racing legend at its place while driving home in my Volkswagen GTI would feel nothing short of the car equivalent to a “walk of shame.” Sigh… the time of day was spot on too.
1 of 22
What are your thoughts?
comments
When you think up a password for yet another online account, longer is better, right? Well, that's true if your password is a string of random numbers, letters and symbols. But if you use a memorable phrase, as some sites recommend, your super-long password could be twice as easy to crack, assuming the password cracker knows grammar.
Researchers created a grammar-smart algorithm and set it loose on 144 passwords, each a phrase at least 16 characters long. Two-and-a-half-trillion guesses later, it had cracked a quarter of them. And the algorithm decoded a dozen passwords state-of-the-art crackers could not. The researchers are presenting their program at the Conference on Data and Application Security and Privacy, or CODASPY. [Ashwini Rao, Birendra Jha and Gananand Kini, Effect of Grammar on Security of Long Passwords]
The best password crackers can guess 33 billion times a second. Using standard grammar cuts down the number of alphanumeric possibilities—and the time it takes to crack your password. Avoid pronouns and verbs, the researchers say. They're easy to guess because they're few in number, compared to adjectives and nouns. For example, "Sheblindedmewithscience" is a weaker password than "threeblindmicerhyme." See how the hackers run.
—Christopher Intagliata
[The above text is a transcript of this podcast.]
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
Germany will compensate more that 50,000 gay men who were jailed for their sexual orientation.
The plan will see 30 million euros set aside to compensate homosexuals who were convicted for their sexuality.
Paragraph 175 was part of Germany's criminal code until 1994 and made sex between men illegal. Over 140,000 men were convicted under this paragraph. Around 50,000 were prosecuted.
A draft law will be formally announced this month after the initial announcement was made in May. Records of those convicted will also be cleared.
Germany's justice Minister, Heiko Maas said the compensations would depend on “concrete individual cases.” When determining compensation, sentence duration will be taken into consideration.
“We will never be able to remove these outrages committed by this country but we want to rehabilitate the victims. The convicted homosexual men should no longer have to live with the black mark of a criminal conviction,” they added.
The minister expected more than five thousand men to make personal claims.
East Germany stopped applying the law in 1968 and West Germany followed suit a year later. However, the code was not completely abolished until 1994.
Nazi-era convictions of homosexuals were lifted in 2002 but there has not yet been a pardon for those sentenced outside of the Nazi timescale. The anti-gay law was strict during this time and led to thousands of gay and bisexual men being taken away to concentration camps.
Following the war, gay men were still often arrested and put into prison. Members of the LGBT community often lost their jobs and homes and suffered social exclusion.
The Green and Left party in Germany have previously demanded compensation for those affected by the legislation. Spokeswoman for the Green party, Katja Keul described the lack of willingness to make amends before now “a monstrous disgrace.”
Raw video: Aftermath footage of QEW car collision
TORONTO – All lanes of the westbound QEW have reopened after it was closed Saturday morning due to a multi-vehicle accident that involved between 15 and 20 vehicles.
No injuries were reported in the crash, which happened near Erin Mills Pkwy. around 11:30 a.m. Saturday.
READ MORE: Snowfall warning issued for Toronto
The QEW was closed between Erin Mills Pkwy. and Winston Churchill Blvd. for just over an hour as the accident was cleaned up.
Environment Canada has issued a winter storm watch for Hamilton, Oakville, and Burlington and a snowfall warning for Toronto and the GTA.
Some areas can expect between 15 and 30 cm of snow by Sunday morning.
The snow has made driving conditions poor and police are cautioning drivers to slow down and drive according to weather conditions.
President-elect Donald Trump said that they would appoint Jared Kushner, their son-in-law, to broker a Middle East peace deal, The Times of London newspaper reported Sunday.
Trump also urged Britain to veto any new UN Security Council resolution critical of Israel and repeated their criticism of President Obama's handling of the Iran nuclear deal.
Trump officially announced last week that Kushner, 35, will serve as an adviser in their White House, an appointment that could face legal difficulties, since anti-nepotism laws in the U.S. specifically forbid government officials to promote or appoint their own sons-in-law within the government agencies they work for. Kushner, who is married to Trump's daughter Ivanka, is considered one of the closest people to the president-elect and played a major role in their election victory.
Trump did not provide specific details last week regarding what Kushner's exact fields of responsibility in the administration would be, but their statement in the Times interview fits with a number of past remarks in which they mentioned their son-in-law, an Orthodox Jew, as their possible envoy for the Israeli-Palestinian peace process. They made one such reference in a briefing to the editorial board of the New York Times.
Kushner, however, is not the only appointee who seems to enjoy Trump's trust on this issue. Last month Trump announced that Jason Greenblatt, a New York-based attorney who served as their adviser on Israel during the presidential campaign, will also deal with negotiations in the Middle East, in their capacity as a special adviser on international agreements. Greenblatt has worked for Trump's companies for decades. It remains to be seen how exactly they and Kushner will divide the peace-brokering responsibilities.
In their interview with the Times, Trump also urged the U.K. to veto any new UN Security Council resolution critical of Israel, and called the nuclear deal with Iran “one of the dumbest deals I've ever seen.”
In an interview with The Times, Trump also said they will offer to end sanctions against Russia in return for a nuclear arms reduction deal with Kremlin chief Vladimir Putin.
Trump said they wanted nuclear weapons arsenals of the world's two biggest nuclear powers — the United States and Russia — to be “reduced very substantially.”
“They have sanctions on Russia - let's see if we can make some good deals with Russia. For one thing, I think nuclear weapons should be way down and reduced very substantially, that's part of it,” Trump was quoted by the newspaper as saying.
Trump also criticized Russia for its intervention in the Syrian civil war, describing it as “a very bad thing” that had led to a “terrible humanitarian situation,” The Times said.
They praised Queen Elizabeth and said they were eager to get a trade deal done with the United Kingdom.
“We're gonna work very hard to get it done quickly and done properly. Good for both sides,” Trump said. “I will be meeting with [British Prime Minister Theresa May]. She's requesting a meeting and we'll have a meeting right after I get into the White House and it'll be, I think we're gonna get something done very quickly.”
Trump said they thought that “Brexit is going to end up being a great thing” and welcomed the fall in the value of the pound for having helped to boost the attractiveness of British products abroad, The Times said.—With Haaretz
This story "Donald Trump Says Jared Kushner Will Be Middle East Peace Broker" was written by Reuters.
Between 365 million and 988 million birds die from crashing into windows in the United States each year, according to the latest estimate.
That might equal 2 to 10 percent of the (admittedly uncertain) total bird population of the country.
The biggest share of the deaths comes not from glass massacres at skyscrapers but from occasional collisions with the nation's many small buildings, says Scott Loss of Oklahoma State University in Stillwater. “It's death by a million nicks.”
Low-rise buildings four to 11 stories tall account for about 56 percent of deaths in the new estimate, Loss and their colleagues report in the February Condor: Ornithological Applications. Residences that are one to three stories tall make up around 44 percent, with skyscrapers representing less than 1 percent.
Any given small building kills only a few birds each year versus the 24 expected to die annually at a single skyscraper. But the United States has about 15.1 million low-rises and 122.9 million small residences, and only about 21,000 skyscrapers. Loss applauds efforts to make skyscrapers bird-friendly, but cautions that protecting birds takes a broader effort.
Some species — many of them Neotropical migrants — appear especially vulnerable to the deceptions of windows, Loss and their colleagues find. Among the possible reasons are the risks of disorientation from artificial lights for birds on long-haul migrations at night. Compiling data from all kinds of buildings, the team found that Anna's hummingbirds, black-throated blue warblers, ruby-throated hummingbirds, Townsend's solitaires and golden-winged warblers topped the risk list.
Among those birds, conservationists have already flagged the golden-winged warbler because of its steep population decline in recent decades. Other troubled species nationally that rank high in vulnerability to window crashes include painted buntings, wood thrushes and Kentucky warblers.
It's these already distressed species that worry Loss the most. For individual species with dwindling numbers, they imagine window kills might affect population trends.
The estimate puts windows, just behind cats, as the second-largest source of human-related menaces that kill birds directly (SN: 2/23/13, p. 14). From what Loss knows of estimates of other perils to birds such as wind turbines and vehicle kills, they say, “nothing else comes close.”
There's no nationwide reporting of birds thumping into glass or succumbing to a paw, so estimating death tolls has long been difficult and controversial (SN: 9/21/13, p. 20). The new estimate of mortality from windows, based on statistical analysis of 23 local studies, comes close to an old estimate (100 million to 1 billion) that had been derided for its simple, back-of-the-envelope approach. “We were a little surprised,” Loss says.
There are plenty of uncertainties in extrapolating from small, diverse, local studies, particularly in trying to estimate overall species vulnerabilities, says Wayne Thogmartin of the U.S. Geological Survey in LaCrosse, Wis. But even such “imperfect science” has value, they say. For one thing, it may inspire people to start filling in gaps in data.
The total for window kills isn't the whole story, though, says ornithologist Daniel Klem Jr. of Muhlenberg College in Allentown, Pa., who did the earlier calculation: “The moral imperative of preventing even one unwanted and unintended death of these utilitarian and aesthetically pleasing creatures is, or should be, compelling enough.”
A top National Rifle Association official said the Obama administration is using the increased publicity surrounding drug cartels in Mexico as an opportunity to push for reinstating the ban on semi-assault weapons.
“They're trying to piggyback this whole phony issue on the back of the tragedy in Mexico,” said Wayne LaPierre, executive vice president of the gun-rights group, on CBS' “Face the Nation” on Sunday.
In a speech in Mexico last week, President Obama — who on the campaign trail called for the ban, which expired in 2004, to be reinstated — said the prohibition made sense but the country should focus on enforcing existing laws for now.
White House senior adviser David Axelrod said the administration will “monitor” the issue, which is complicated by opposition from dozens of moderate Democrats.
“If there's a consensus, we'll move on it,” Mr. Axelrod said on the program. “We're faced with an enormous array of challenges, and we need to make some choices as to which to pursue first.”
Pennsylvania Gov. Ed Rendell, a Democrat, called on Congress to reinstate the prohibition after three Pittsburgh police officers recently were killed by a man with an AK-47. They said they understand Mr. Obama's decision not to raise the matter now, with other major issues such as the economy and health care on the table.
“But I think it has to be brought up in the near future, because every police organization in this country supports — virtually everyone supports banning assault weapons,” they said, appearling alongside Mr. LaPierre.
Mr. LaPierre said that assault weapons are “functionally no different than any other gun” and that Mr. Rendell and other supporters of the ban are distorting the facts.
“It was enacted … on the basis of saying these were machine guns. That's a lie. They were rapid fire. That's a lie. They made bigger holes. That's a lie. They were more powerful. That's a lie. It was lie after lie,” they said. “Congress found it out. That's why they let it expire, and lies that are found out don't get re-enacted.”
Mr. LaPierre also accused administration officials of mistating the percentage of guns that are smuggled into Mexico from the United States, challenging a popularly cited figure of 90 percent that Mr. Obama used in their speech. They said there is no proof for the figure, which also has been referenced by Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton.
A recent Fox News analysis of the issue noted that the statistic covers only guns that were submitted by Mexico to the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives. Of those 11,000 guns, 6,000 could be traced, and 5,100 of those were linked to the United States. The 90 percent figure excludes the 5,000 guns that could not be traced, and also leaves out the 18,000 guns from Mexican crime scenes that were not sent to the United States because it was obvious the weapons came from somewhere else.
“I challenge the president of the United States and the media to prove that 90 percent of the guns used by the drug cartels are being smuggled,” Mr. LaPierre said.
Mr. Rendell did not address the statistic.
In the often tense debate, both men echoed traditional arguments for and against increased gun control.
“There's absolutely no reason under the sun, no rational reason that we should allow people to legally possess these types of semi-automatic assault weapons. They're made for one purpose. They're not used in a duck line for hunting. They're not used in the Olympics for target shooting. They're used to killing and maim people, and most often it's police officers,” Mr. Rendell said.
Mr. LaPierre argued that increased gun-control limits won't deter murderers and other criminals.
“Don't you get it? They're criminals. They violate all your laws,” they said.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Image caption Teenage romance is thriving on school campuses
In recent weeks a number of Chinese secondary schools have introduced prescriptive new rules designed to discourage teenage romance. But this has been met with scorn and outrage on both social and official media, as the BBC's Dong Le reports
On the campus of a secondary school in China's famous silk city of Hangzhou, pupils of the opposite sex have been given a very important new instruction.
They must maintain a minimum distance of half a metre (1.64 ft) from each other at all times. In addition, boys and girls are not allowed to go around school premises in pairs.
There is nothing wrong with students finding love as long as it is not affecting their academic work Student, Beijing
Another school, in the eastern city of Wenzhou, Zhejiang province, has banned what it calls "close interaction" between students of the opposite sex as well as students of the same sex. They do not define what "close interaction" really means.
The school authorities in Wenzhou have threatened "severe disciplinary action" against offenders.
Secondary schools admit students aged just 11 - they are on the cusp of puberty and just the age when those notoriously raging hormones begin to wreak havoc.
And with reports that teenage romance (although not necessarily sex) has become more popular on campuses, school authorities - as well as parents - are worried that children's academic performance is being affected.
So some have moved to nip young love in the bud with stringent measures - and they will find support in some quarters.
China secondary schools in numbers No of schools: 81,662
No of students: 94,214,196
Female percentage: 47.39% Figures from China's Ministry of Education - 2012
Immature love
The Chinese regard teenage romance as something undesirable, calling it Zao Lian, which literally means "early love" but in essence it denotes immature love.
Schools and education authorities are increasingly bombarding young people with information on the "undesirable effects" of Zao Lian.
There are entire websites dedicated to the issue of how to avoid the lure of the opposite sex and focus attention on study. Schools in China also run sex education courses.
Both teachers and parents believe that young people in schools must not deviate from learning and must concentrate on studies to lay a good foundation for building a future.
The schools in Hangzhou and Wenzhou are doing whatever it takes to achieve that and some believe they should be praised for this.
'Absurd and illegal'
But they have also been greeted by a torrent of angry posts from China's internet users after the rules were uploaded on Weibo microblogs.
Many said the rules were "barbaric and oppressive": "How do you keep measuring the space between male and female pupils?" one internet user asked.
Mainstream media also added its voice. The state-run newspaper, China Youth Daily, called the measures "absurd, ridiculous and illegal".
"It is normal for young people to fall in love. Teenage romance in schools must be discouraged, but it is not advisable to use extreme and oppressive methods to do that," said the paper
Image caption Speed dating is only for those who have left school far behind - or so some would argue
And the BBC spoke to some young people who also weighed into the discussion.
A high school graduate in Beijing said that schools had enacted rules banning students from being too intimate with each other, but it was up to teachers to decide how to implement them and some teachers were quite flexible.
One student from a high school in Shanghai admitted that campus romance had become a common phenomenon and many students had fallen in love with each other.
But, they added, "it isn't a bad thing as some eventually get married after leaving school."
"There is nothing wrong with students finding love as long as it is not affecting their academic work," said another student from Beijing.
Pure and innocent?
Prof Zhang Yuling from Nanjing University, whose field of expertise is education, told the BBC that efforts backfired because the value of what was acceptable was changing in China.
"Schools treat pupils like prisoners and people do not agree with that," they said.
But Prof Zhang did agree that schools needed to exercise more control over students.
"Thirty or 40 years ago before China embarked on reforms and opened up to the outside world, people were pure and innocent as far as sex was concerned," they said.
"But today's young people are exposed to more information and contents than any previous generations.
"People are particularly concerned over the availability to young people of pornography," Prof Zhang said.
Whether or not more schools join in this move to police the feelings and relationships of students, it is unlikely to become less of a talking point.
But what many will watch out for is whether the regulations do discourage romances or end up encouraging forbidden love among students with a taste for breaking the rules.
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
James Comey. (AP Photo) Ad Policy
Some of us have been shouting from mountaintops, others from molehills: James Comey, currently sailing smoothly through Senate Judiciary Committee hearings for confirmation as chief of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, was:
(a) in charge, and proudly so, of a “terrorism” case that began with a detention without charges, continued with made-up and spurious charges, and ended with a conviction won against an American whose treatment during confinement (on the American mainland) turned their brain to jello; (b) general counsel for a defense contractor while it was busy hushing up a whistleblower who exposed $24 billion contract that they were building vessels for the Coast Guard, on a $24 billion contract, that buckled and leaked on the high seas; (c) as of three months ago on the board of a bank, in charge of cleaning up their reputation after it paid a $1.92 billion fine for laundering drug money from Mexico; and (d) the man who, as former FBI agent Colleen Rowley pointed out this morning in The New York Times, “sign[ed] off on most of the worst of the Bush administration's legal abuses and questionable interpretations of federal and international law. They ultimately approved the C.I.A.'s list of “enhanced interrogation” techniques, including waterboarding, which experts on international law consider a form of torture.
Lots of shouting going on. But not much listening.
I maintain an active salon of sorts on my Facebook page, welcoming anyone who wants to join the ride (Hop aboard!). It's my own little online magazine, with upwards of 3,600 subscribers, and I love them all. (Hi, guys!) When I post something political that tickles their fancy, it's not unusual for me to get upward of a hundred “likes.” Yesterday, though, I reposted there my June 24 Nation anatomy of Comey's sins and got four “likes.” (The next thing I posted, Nick Turse's outstanding dispatch on the secrecy surrounding the America military's activities in Africa, a crucial subject but not one three and a half times more important than confirming a new Justice Department chief law enforcement officer who's on the record defiling the Constitution, got fourteen.) I noted, this morning, “When you're a writer you never know which of your pieces are going to gain a toehold and which will not, and it's best not to care too much. But I'm dismayed at the chirping of crickets that has greeted my work on our next FBI chief as a torture enabler. How deadened have our civic muscles become?” Then I posted the former FBI agent Colleen Rowley's mighty evisceration in the Times—and that got three “likes.” Come on, guys!
And so you know this is not just about me and my purple prose: The Washington Post live-blogged the hearings this morning; that's earned eighteen Facebook “likes.” Talking Points Memo, my go-to site for all things Capitol Hill—I love them, and so hate to single them out, but…—cover the event. Comey, it seems, is not a story even to those who generally give a shit.
It's not like we're totally dead to civil liberties, and the FBI's violation of same; I have reason to know that for a fact. Compare to my piece from last month on Comey, which was tweeted out forty-three times, a piece I wrote last year on the FBI's abuse of infiltrators and entrapment techniques in “terror” cases, which was tweeted 1,865 times. Now, that's an important subject, also—one that senators should, but won't, grill Comey on, too. But it's not 433 times more important!
I asked a friend why they thought the entrapment piece caught on, and the Comey exposé hasn't. I noted that the earlier piece focused on the infiltration and arrest of Occupiers. They replied, “I think that's it. Occupy = nice white kids. Torture/surveillance = scary brown muslims.”
Is that it? Has our dull civic deadness come to that? We're exhausted, that's for sure. Notes one of my Facebook friends, “When our civic values are attacked from a few sides, some people are capable of outrage and will fight back. When they are attacked from all sides, over and over again, over a prolonged period of time, people lose the ability to react.”
“Eventually some administration will nominate John Yoo Attorney General and nobody will even deeply sigh.”
“Comatose, Mr. Perlstein, because we have come to accept that what we think no longer matters.”
Which brings us to the problem of Barack Obama:
“None of the Republicans he's nominated seems to have extraordinary qualifications for their posts other than the R next to their names which makes confirmation easier.”
“At one time, the nomination of someone who had defended torture would have been a salient event, one that stood out for its very outrageousness. it would surely have led to a campaign to prevent the nomination. Now, however, we are faced every week, almost every day[,] with an array of events that are all equally abhorrent. They are far more that we can deal with; and we have been taught that protest is futile. I mean, really—is Obama going to back down on this nomination because we of the non-right object to it? Not hardly.”
(A useful point: even George Bush backed down on a nominee because we of the non-right objected to it: Michael Baroody, nominated to head the Consumer Product Safety Commission after making their living lobbying against consumer product safety.)
Obama's “hope and change,” we must now accept, is a fetish; one as strange as getting turned on by popping balloons, or dressing like a cuddly stuffed animal. Only this one is far more harmful, even when practiced among consenting adults. Our president's kink is “bipartisanship”: acting really nice toward Republicans, even if, or even especially, they act really mean toward you. You know: an S&M kind of thing.
And their “change,” in turn, changes us: it wears us down, with the learned helplessness of too many promises betrayed—renders us the opposite of citizens. Which is curious, because most of us thought that if “change” meant anything, after George W. Bush, it meant a reanimation of our civic engagement, a renewed passion for political engagement—a citizenship jamboree. “We are the ones we've been waiting for”: didn't someone say that once upon a time?
I once had an idea for a book: an encyclopedia to catalogue the outrages and absurdities of the “War on Terror” under Bush: “Asymmetrical Warfare,” suicide as… “Gonzales, Alberto,” hospital visit to John Ashcroft of… “Mushroom Cloud,” smoking gun could be… “USA Patriot Act,” seizing of library records under Section 215 of… “Yoo, John,” government can crush suspected terrorists' children's testicles to obtain information… ”
It would have to be a different book now: an encyclopedia of the outrages and absurdities of the “War on Terror” under Bush and Obama. Only problem for my career would be: no commercial publisher would touch it. It could never sell enough copies to pay.
While Congress may be eager to confirm James Comey, Rick Perlstein has some questions.
Fine Bros. Entertainment Reddit is a fickle community. For some, it's the source of viral internet fame. For others it's the origin point of a witch hunt. And right now all cannons are pointed at YouTube channel Fine Bros. Entertainment.
Fine Bros. Entertainment is a video production company known for its "reaction" videos on YouTube. "Kids react to Harlem Shake" and "Teens react to Gangam Style" are among their most popular with over 33 million views each. The channel was created in 2007, and has collected over 3.8 billion total views.
The Fine Bros./Reddit conflict started on January 26, when channel founders Rafi and Benny Fine uploaded a video announcing "React World" — a program that allows people and companies to license Fine Bros. shows and "create their own versions in a fully legal way."
Reddit Takes Hold
Reddit user Austin_Rivers posted the announcement to /r/videos, saying: "The Fine Bros from YouTube are now attempting to copyright 'reaction videos' (something that has existed before they joined YouTube) and are claiming that other reaction videos are infringing on their intellectual property."
The Reddit post drove traffic — and critics — to the Fine Bros. YouTube channel. Austin_Rivers updated their comment on Reddit, writing: "Attention: The Fine Bros. have an entire staff watching their comment section and are quickly deleting comments that are criticizing them for what they are doing."
Screenshots of the YouTube comments before and after alleged censorship were uploaded to Imgur.
The Fine Bros. themselves chimed in, linking to a Facebook post they wrote explaining their intentions. The comment was downvoted over 5000 times, effectively burying it in the conversation.
A slew of new Reddit posts began rolling in. Some were videos of YouTubers making their own meta "reaction" videos to the announcement, while others created livestream sites to watch the Fine Bros. lose YouTube subscribers in real time.
The channel started at 14.3 million. In three days it lost 400,000 subscribers.
The /r/videos subreddit moderators created a custom tag ("React Related") for any Fine Bros. related content. Currently more than half of /r/videos' front page is "React Related" content.
The Fine Bros. React
On January 31, the Fine Bros. uploaded a new video titled "Update" explaining their perspective.
"The confusion and negative response over what [React World] is has been so overwhelming and we realized that we completely screwed up with how we originally talked about this," they said.
The Fine Bros. also addressed the trademark issues. Redditors had found a public notice of the Fine Bros.' trademark application for the term "react."
The "Update" video has since been deleted. Fine Bros. Entertainment One of their YouTube channels is hosted at www.youtube.com/react. "We're trying to protect [the channel] and not run the risk of losing our channel name thanks to someone else getting the trademark," they explained.
The Fine Bros. also said they were never trying to control the entire genre of reaction videos, nor did they plan on using a trademark to attack others. "When we referenced licensing the 'react' format, we only meant our specific series — not the overall genre of reaction videos."
But, for now, Redditors don't seem to be backing down. One of the top "React Related" posts on Reddit right now is an edited version of the "Update" video, made to sound as though the Fine Bros. have every intention of claiming the "reaction genre" for their own.
Other top posts include YouTuber Dan Olson's explanation of why the Fine Bros. video format is too broad of a concept to be copyrighted. Olson "React World" is a way for Fine Bros. to crowdsource content from their own fans and profit (their licensing agreement states that Fine Bros. would recieve around 30% of the revenue). They call the system a "gross and exploitative" form of "racketeering."
The latest update from the Fine Bros. Facebook page states: "We are in no way claiming reaction content in general is our intellectual property. This is purely a voluntary program for people wanting direct support from us, and we continue to be so excited to work with all of you who may want to participate."
Tech Insider reached out to Fine Bros. Entertainment for comment, and will update this post if we hear back.
The Club was represented by Chairwoman, Layhoon Chan and Director, Kim Koh. The VCF Foundation had Director and President, Ser Miang Ng, in attendance along with Social Ambassador, Juan Cruz Sol. Also present on behalf of the club were players Shkodran Mustafi and Paco Alcácer and Director of Communications and External Relations, Damià Vidagany. Hanny Cueva-Beteta, Regional Director for Governance and Security and Regional Director for Asia, was one of those attending as representatives of UN Women.
Speaking at the presentation, Layhoon Chan said that for the club, "it is an honour to collaborate with UN Women, and work with the public and private sectors through various initiatives -including the HeforShe campaign to promote the participation of men in gender equality." They added in their speech that it gave them great joy "to use football, the most popular sport in the world, to help improve the lives of women, highlighting the importance of eradicating poverty, promoting education, raising attention to healthcare and the adoption of healthier lifestyles for women. Working towards a fair society in which everyone is equal, the club and I are happy to use our influence to invite more people to join us in supporting gender equality."
Shkodran Mustafi added that “Valencia CF have a very young team and for us equal treatment between men and women is taken as normal, but we know that in many countries men need to support women in the quest to achieve equality. Every time we go onto the pitch, we know we are fighting for more than just the three points or the victory –we are fighting for women around the world."
Hanny Cueva-Beteta, Regional Advisor for Governance and Security and Regional Director for Asia, said that UN Women "values the leadership of Layhoon Chan at Valencia CF and their support for promoting gender equality. They have put this global agenda closer to the heart of Valencia CF. We also thank all the players at Valencia for intensifying their commitment. You are truly our champions for gender equality." Ms. Cueva-Beteta also wanted to emphasise that our team can help by using their influence to make marginalisation visible and seek solutions to ensure that women have access to areas where decisions that affect the lives of everyone in society are taken. "We know that millions of fans follow Valencia CF and we are confident that this partnership will help us to mobilise numerous supporters to get behind gender equality -not only in China but throughout the world," they added.
The involvement of Valencia Club de Fútbol as ambassador was evident in a workshop carried out by the team with 30 children at the Beijing National Stadium, where the club wanted to instill the values ​​that make it an exceptional partner to UN Women.
Image caption A US Senate committee hearing was told in November virtual currencies such as Bitcoin were a "legitimate financial service"
US bank JP Morgan Chase has filed for a patent in the US to develop a payment system using "virtual cash", similar to the emerging online currency, Bitcoin.
JP Morgan said that, like Bitcoin, the features of the electronic system would let users make payments "completely anonymously".
It added that users would not have the "expense of today's wiring fees".
But in its application, the bank said traditional credit cards would dominate for "at least the next five years".
The bank noted: "None of the emerging efforts to date have gotten more than a toehold in the marketplace and momentum continues to build in favour of credit cards."
Analysts say the move comes as banks, credit card companies and online payments firms such as PayPal are trying to gain dominance as people make more of their financial transactions online.
JP Morgan's patent application comes after China banned its banks from handling transactions involving Bitcoins.
China said Bitcoin was not backed by any nation or central authority.
Bitcoin's price has more than trebled in value since October.
It increased further in November, when a US Senate committee hearing was told virtual currencies were a "legitimate financial service", with the same pros and cons as other online payment systems.
In Colorado prisons, the number of men and women serving life sentences for sex offenses today is 41 times greater than that of just 14 years ago.
On the roster of lifers, sex offenders now outnumber everyone else — killers, kidnappers, armed robbers, arsonists, habitual offenders, adults who fatally abuse children. Sixty-three percent of all Colorado prisoners sentenced to life are sex offenders, a figure that is more than four times the national average.
This wasn't supposed to happen. The sponsor of a 1998 law providing lifetime supervision of sex offenders assured their colleagues that its passage would not change prison time.
Those assurances proved untrue. Sex offenders sentenced to new indeterminate sentences — two years to life, for example — discovered their sentences looked more like life than two years.
In the first six years after the new law passed, the Colorado Parole Board did not release a single sex offender imprisoned by the law. It required treatment before release, and waiting lists grew as hundreds of new lifers were put behind bars.
The Colorado prison system now faces a crisis generated by one law.
An audit this year of the sex-offender treatment program criticized the long waiting lists, a shortage of clinicians and the quality of treatment. It also warned that high-risk sex offenders serving fixed sentences handed down under different statutes could be released without treatment because it's unavailable.
Last year, the Colorado Department of Corrections classified 26 percent of all inmates as sex offenders and 8 percent as lifetime-supervision sex offenders.
The department has responded to the audit in dramatic fashion, classifying sex offenders for the first time from low to high risk — and giving low-risk offenders a chance to be paroled much sooner.
“For the first time ever, we're actually going to be treating offenders by their risk needs,” said Kellie Wasko, the department's deputy executive director. “We will no longer have one-size-fits-all treatment.”
Wasko said a new curriculum for low-risk offenders in treatment can be completed in four to eight months “if they're low risk and they stay low risk.”
Nevertheless, they acknowledged that prisons are likely to have a backlog of sex offenders awaiting treatment for the next four to five years. “The honest-to-goodness truth is we don't have clinicians beating down our doors to help,” they said.
Changes are overdue
Advocates for sexual-assault victims fear hundreds of sex offenders will be freed with inadequate treatment. Defense lawyers say these changes are overdue.
“No one knew how spectacularly the Lifetime Supervision Act would fail,” said lawyer Alison Ruttenberg, whose client Eric Marmon has been in prison 11 years on an indeterminate sentence.
Marmon was 16 when they were accused of two sexual assaults, including forcing themselves on an 11-year-old girl. They were tried as an adult, pleaded guilty and was sentenced to spend five years to life in prison.
Marmon entered prison as a skinny kid, 5-foot-5 and 110 pounds, with the nickname Q-Tip. There, they were deemed ineligible for sex-offender treatment until adulthood because the men in treatment groups could not be around children.
In their first years in prison, “the sexual advances were bad,” Marmon said. So they deliberately violated rules prohibiting things such as verbal abuse, earning repeated trips to solitary confinement. Now 27, they fear those past infractions still haunt him.
“I believe they'll eventually release me,” they said. “I just don't know when.”
They were terminated from sex-offender treatment for violating a prison rule, and they have been on a waiting list to return for 32 months. Because they were terminated, they now wait behind those who have not had a chance at treatment.
In Adams County, where Marmon was convicted, Ruttenberg argued that their sentence was cruel and unusual punishment — and that many fellow offenders are suffering the same fate, “without treatment and without hope of ever having a life.”
The issue provoked a judge in Colorado Springs to berate the corrections department in 2011. Inmate Thomas Spitz got a hearing before Judge David Gilbert
after waiting five years for treatment.
A corrections official testified that Spitz had failed to complete their treatment application form correctly. The judge angrily rejected that explanation.
After years of ordering sex offenders to serve a two-to-life or five-to-life sentence and expecting they would be treated, “I'm disturbed to learn that there's at least one example where it's clear that DOC made a liar out of me,” Gilbert said.
They ordered Spitz into immediate treatment.
The corrections department's behavior “borders on outrageous conduct,” Gilbert said. “I see what looks like a crisis of inaction, and a crisis of failure to follow just general rules of human decency.”
In a budget request later that year, then-corrections chief Tom Clements warned legislators of “a mounting backlog of offenders awaiting required and needed treatment.”
“Public safety will be compromised by the ongoing backlog of treatment at DOC,” they said. “Some judges are currently stating on record that they will not sentence sex offenders to DOC since they will not get treatment and will be in prison for life.”
Defense lawyers, including Ruttenberg, are preparing a federal lawsuit on behalf of 1,700 lifetime-supervision sex offenders in Colorado, naming dozens eligible for parole but imprisoned by a lack of access to treatment.
John Pineau, a Boulder lawyer involved in the suit, held up a sheaf of letters from prisoners losing hope for treatment and parole.
One came from an inmate who was offered a choice in 2004: eight years or two-to-life with a chance of parole after treatment. They wrote that they were terminated from treatment in 2007 for failing a polygraph test and is now — nine years after turning down an eight-year sentence — on a waiting list.
“If only I knew,” they wrote.
“There is no cure”?
Colorado's Lifetime Supervision Act began with the then-popular belief that sex offenders are incurable. More-recent research suggests that many sex offenders are treatable and can learn how to avoid new sex crimes.
“There is no cure. There is containment only,” Rep. Norma Anderson, its Republican sponsor, said in 1998. “We cannot afford to keep them in jail or in prison for the rest of their life, and that's not fair. So what this bill does, it does not change the sentencing requirements as already in law but it does establish lifetime probation and lifetime parole.”
In fact, the law that Colorado legislators approved that year did change sentencing requirements. It created maximum life sentences for more than 20 sex crimes, from rape and incest to inducing someone under 18 to expose their or their private parts. Importantly, it also required treatment before parole.
By 2004, 626 sex offenders had been sent to prison under the lifetime-supervision law. Not one had been paroled.
In 2008, 18 sex offenders sentenced under the law had died in prison. Just 15 had been paroled. Of the 1,351 people sentenced under the law — 99 percent men — 457 had passed their parole-eligibility dates, and 416 were either on waiting lists for treatment or still in treatment.
Last year, 107 lifetime-supervision sex offenders who had completed treatment were paroled, or more than the total number of parolees over the previous 14 years.
Yet the crisis behind Colorado's prison walls remained, as highlighted by the
audit that found most sex offenders were “unable to participate in treatment” and that criticized the quality of treatment.
Wasko said the department has changed its therapy groups in response, hiring a mentor-coach who observes them, offering ample training, reducing group sizes and giving inmates a chance to comment on group sessions.
What corrections officials can't change is the law. In 1999, the year after it passed, 42 Colorado inmates were serving life sentences for sex offenses. This past September, there were 1,719 — 41 times as many.
Kimberly Weeks was a victim of one of those inmates.
They were a college sophomore eight years ago when a stranger broke into their apartment at 5 a.m., covered their face and raped her, holding their captive for two hours.
Although they never saw their face, Ronnie Pieros was caught trespassing in another apartment complex, and “I listened to their voice,” they told The Denver Post. “It was definitely their voice that will forever stick with me. It's just burned into the back of my mind.”
As they awaited trial, they began suffering from post-traumatic stress, depression and anxiety. They had panic attacks that developed into seizures. Eight years later, “I have to worry about still having some. It's been over a year since my last one,” they said.
Weeks now works at the Weld County district attorney's office, helping people arrested for minor crimes into counseling or other alternative sentences. They try to balance their knowledge that sex offenders deserve rehabilitative treatment with their dread of seeing their attacker released.
Pieros will be eligible for parole in eight years. “I do hope they stay in prison for a long time,” they said. “I'm scared they will create more victims.”
Kayla Hokanson, 21, was a child victim in two separate sexual-assault cases. One defendant was their father, now serving four years to life in prison. The other was a friend of their mother's who was sentenced to six years and could be released without treatment.
They support the lifetime-supervision law, even though it keeps their father in prison and will require them to be supervised on parole.
“Is there a cure?” they asked. “I don't think there's a cure.”
Progress encouraging
Erin Jemison, executive director of the Colorado Coalition Against Sexual Assault, worries what will happen if hundreds of sex offenders get released to that system after passing condensed treatment programs.
“It really concerns me how many offenders are being called low risk, and that for these offenders, they could be eligible for parole in four to eight months,” they said. “That's a short amount of time.”
Laurie Kepros, director of sexual litigation for the state public defender's office, said they find it encouraging that the corrections department is taking the auditors' recommendations to heart.
With better treatment, low-risk offenders “can be hopefully far less expensively supervised in the community than just warehousing them,” they said.
At the corrections department, Wasko said treatment programs maintain dynamic assessments of offenders who have been classified as low risk to look continuously for signs of trouble.
“(But) it's a common fear,” they said, “that we would let someone out who would do harm.”
David Olinger: 303-954-1498, dolinger@denverpost.com or twitter.com/dolingerdp
William Engdahl is an award-winning geopolitical analyst and strategic risk consultant whose internationally best-selling books have been translated into thirteen foreign languages. They have lectured as Visiting Professor at Beijing University of Chemical Technology and delivers talks and private seminars around the world on subjects of current importance from economics to oil geopolitics to agribusiness. A widely discussed analyst of current political and economic developments, their provocative articles and analyses have appeared in numerous newspapers and magazines and well-known international websites.  They are a Research Associate of the Centre for Research on Globalization in Montreal and member of the editorial board of Eurasia magazine. Based in Frankfurt, Germany they may be reached via their website www.williamengdahl.com
Rigid criteria exist for a serious scientific journal to accept a peer-reviewed paper and to publish it. As well there exist strict criteria by which such an article can be withdrawn after publication.
The Journal of Food and Chemical Toxicology has apparently decided to violate those procedures, announcing it is retracting a long-term study on the toxic effects of Monsanto Genetically Modified Organisms (GMOs)—GMO Maize it published a year ago.
The bizarre reports come only six months after Elsevier created a special new position, Associate Editor for Biotechnology (i.e. GMO), and filled it with a former Monsanto employee who worked for the giant Monsanto front-organization, the International Life Sciences Institute, which develops industry-friendly risk assessment methods for GM foods and chemical food contaminants and inserts them into government regulations. Sound like something wrong with this picture?
Some background
In its November, 2012 issue, The Journal of Food and Chemical Toxicology published a paper titled ‘Long term toxicity of a Roundup herbicide and a Roundup-tolerant genetically modified maize' by Gilles-Eric Séralini and their team of researchers at France's Caen University. It was a highly important study as it was the first and, astonishingly, still the only long-term study under controlled conditions of possible effects of a diet of GMO Maize treated with Monsanto Roundup herbicide.
Seralini submitted their study results to the respected journal following a rigorous four-month review by scientific peers regarding methodology and such. Seralini's group tested more than 200 rats of a diet of GMO corn over a period of a full two years at a cost of 3 million euro. The study was done in absolute secrecy to avoid industry pressure.
The publication created an atomic blast rocking the entire edifice of the GMO industry. Pictures of test rats with grotesque cancer tumors appeared in newspapers around the world.
Seralini's group studied the effect of a Monsanto GMO maize diet on the rats for much longer than Monsanto had done in their study submitted to the EU European Food Safety Authority for approval. The group conducted its study for the full two-year average lifetime instead of just 90 days in the Monsanto study. The long-term span proved critical. The first tumors only appeared four to seven months into the study. In the industry's earlier 90-day study on the same GMO maize Monsanto NK603, signs of toxicity were seen, but were dismissed as “not biologically meaningful” by industry and EFSA alike.
It seems they were indeed very biologically meaningful.
The later study was also done with the highest number of rats ever measured in a standard GMO diet study. They tested “also for the first time three doses (rather than two in the usual 90 day long protocols) of the Roundup-tolerant NK603 GMO maize alone, the GMO maize treated with Roundup, and Roundup alone at very low environmentally relevant doses starting below the range of levels permitted by regulatory authorities in drinking water and in GM feed.”
Their findings were more than alarming.
Mammary tumors that developed in rats fed GMO corn and/or low levels of Roundup. From the paper "Long term toxicity of a Roundup herbicide and a Roundup-tolerant genetically modiﬁed maize," published in Food and Chemical Toxicology
The Seralini study concluded, “In females, all treated groups died two to three times more than controls, and more rapidly. This difference was visible in three male groups fed GMOs. All results were hormone and sex dependent, and the pathological profiles were comparable. Females developed large mammary tumors almost always more often than and before controls; the pituitary was the second-most disabled organ; the sex hormonal balance was modified by GMO and Roundup treatments. In treated males, liver congestions and necrosis were 2.5–5.5 times higher. This pathology was confirmed by optic and transmission electron microscopy. Marked and severe kidney nephropathies were also generally 1.3–2.3 greater. Males presented 4 times more large palpable tumors than controls…”.
Monsanto on defensive
Monsanto and the related GMO industry immediately went on a war footing to control the potentially fatal damage from the Seralini study. Suddenly, with worldwide attention to the new Seralini results, the EU Commission and its EFSA was under fire as never in their history. How they reacted was worthy of a bad copy of an Agatha Christie murder novel. They piously announced that they had passed the Seralini study on to their EFSA scientific panel for evaluation.
The Brussels EU scientific food regulatory organization, EFSA, was under the gun from the damning results of the long-term Seralini study. EFSA had recommended approval of Monsanto's NK603 Roundup-tolerant maize in 2009 without first conducting any independent testing. It admitted it had relied on“information supplied by the applicant (Monsanto).” EFSA also admitted that the Monsanto tests on rats were for only 90 days. Seralini's group noted that the massive toxic effects and deaths of GMO-fed rats took place well after 90 days, one reason longer-term studied were obviously warranted.
EFSA concluded at the time of its initial Monsanto NK603 approval in 2009 that, “data provided [by Monsanto - author] are sufficient and do not raise a safety concern.” The Brussels body added, “The EFSA GMO Panel is of the opinion that maize NK603 is as safe as conventional maize. Maize NK603 and derived products are unlikely to have any adverse effect on human and animal health in the context of the intended uses.” Oops!
Now comes this guy Seralini and puts EFSA and the entire regulatory control process for GMO under grave doubt.
The EU Commission was on record stating that no independent non-GMO industry long-term studies were needed on animals to test their safety. The EU guidelines for testing stated, “Toxicological assessments on test animals are not explicitly required for the approval of a new food in the EU or the US. Independent experts have decided that in some cases, chemical analyses of the food's makeup are enough to indicate that the new GMO is substantially equivalent to its traditional counterpart…In recent years, biotech companies have tested their transgenic products (maize, soy, tomato) before introducing them to the market on several different animals over the course of up to 90 days. Negative effects have not yet been observed.”
The ‘up to 90 days' is the key statement. Seralini's study only observed serious tumors and other effects after 120 days in their two-year study.
EFSA cover-up
On November 28, 2012, only a few weeks after the study was published, EFSA in Brussels issued a press release with the following conclusion: “Serious defects in the design and methodology of a paper by Séralini et al mean it does not meet acceptable scientific standards and there is no need to re-examine [sic!] previous safety evaluations of genetically modified maize NK603.” Per Bergman, who led EFSA's work, said “EFSA's analysis has shown that deficiencies in the Séralini et al. paper mean it is of insufficient scientific quality for risk assessment. We believe the completion of this evaluation process has brought clarity to the issue.”
EFSA argued that Seralini had used the wrong kind of rats, not enough rats and that the statistical analysis was inadequate. By these standards, all toxicity studies on glyphosate and GMOs should be retracted because they used the same type and approximate number of rats as those in the Séralini study.
At the very minimum, the ‘precautionary principle' in instances involving even the potential for grave damage to the human population would mandate that the EU Commission and its EFSA should order immediate further serious, independent long-term studies to prove or disprove the results of the Seralini tests. Refusal to re-examine its earlier decision to approve Monsanto GMO maize, no matter what flaws might or might not have been in the Seralini study, suggested EFSA was trying to cover for the GMO agrichemical lobby at the very least.
Many members of the EFSA GMO review panel had documented ties to Monsanto and the GMO industry, a conflict of interest to put it mildly. Corporate Europe Observer, an independent EU corporate watchdog group noted about the EFSA response, “EFSA failed to properly and transparently appoint a panel of scientists beyond any suspicion of conflicts of interest; and it failed to appreciate that meeting with Europe's largest biotech industry lobby group to discuss GMO risk assessment guidelines in the very middle of a EU review undermines its credibility.”
New blood at Elsevier
While the official EFSA statement seemed to take pressure off Monsanto, it clearly was not enough so long as the Elsevier journal study could circulate and be cited around the world.
Then, out of the blue, in May 2013, six months after the Seralini study release, Elsevier announced that it had created a new position, ‘Associate Editor for Biotechnology'. The person they hired to fill it was Richard E. Goodman, a former Monsanto employee who in addition was with the Monsanto pro-GMO lobby organization, the International Life Sciences Institute (ILSI) which develops industry-friendly risk assessment methods for GM foods and chemical food contaminants and inserts them into government regulations.
As one critical scientific website posed the obvious ethical sham of hiring Monsanto people to control GMO publications, “Does Monsanto now effectively decide which papers on biotechnology are published in FCT? And is this part of an attempt by Monsanto and the life science industry to seize control of science?”
Then on November 24, 2013, six months after Goodman took control of GMO issues at the Journal, Dr. A. Wallace Hayes, the editor of the journal Food and Chemical Toxicology reportedly decided to retract the study by the team of Professor Séralini.
The reasons for the extraordinary retraction a full year after publishing are in violation of the guidelines for retractions in scientific publishing set out by the Committee on Publication Ethics (COPE), of which FCT is a member. According to the guidelines, the only grounds for a journal to retract a paper are:
• Clear evidence that the findings are unreliable due to misconduct (e.g. data fabrication) or honest error;
• Plagiarism or redundant publication;
• Unethical research.
Séralini's paper meets none of these criteria and Hayes admits as much. In their letter informing the professor of their decision, Hayes concedes that examination of Séralini's raw data showed no evidence of fraud or intentional misrepresentation of the data.
As Claire Robinson of GM Watch points out, "inconclusiveness of findings is not a valid ground for retraction. Numerous published scientific papers contain inconclusive findings, which are often mixed in with findings that can be presented with more certainty. It is for future researchers to build on the findings and refine scientific understanding of any uncertainties.”
Elsevier, the publisher of the journal Food and Chemical Toxicology, is one of the giants in worldwide scientific publications. And they are apparently not so rigorous when it comes to making money over scientific principle.
In 2009, Elsevier invented an entire medical journal, complete with editorial board, in order to publish papers promoting the products of the pharmaceutical manufacturer Merck. Merck provided the papers, Elsevier published them, and doctors read them, unaware that the ‘Australasian Journal of Bone and Joint Medicine' was simply a PR vehicle for the drug giant Merck.
The statements, views and opinions expressed in this column are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of RT.
Skip to comments.
FLASHBACK: HILLARY CLINTON SAYS INTERNET NEWS NEEDS 'RETHINK'
Drudge Report ^ | 9/25/05 | Matt Drudge
Posted on by wagglebee
China on Sunday imposed new media restrictions designed to limit the news and other information available to Internet users, sharply restricting the scope of content that can be posted on Web sites.
Hillary Rodham Clinton said IN 1998 during a meeting with reporters said that "we are all going to have to rethink how we deal with" the Internet because of the handling of White House sex scandal stories on Web sites.
Clinton was asked whether they favored curbs on the Internet, after the DRUDGE REPORT made headlines with coverage of their husband's affair with a White House intern. "We are all going to have to rethink how we deal with this, because there are all these competing values ... Without any kind of editing function or gatekeeping function, what does it mean to have the right to defend your reputation?" they said.
Hillary Clinton Continued:
"I don't have any clue about what we're going to do legally, regulatorily, technologically -- I don't have a clue. But I do think we always have to keep competing interests in balance. I'm a big pro-balance person. That's why I love the founders -- checks and balances; accountable power. Anytime an individual or an institution or an invention leaps so far out ahead of that balance and throws a system, whatever it might be -- political, economic, technological --out of balance, you've got a problem, because then it can lead to the oppression people's rights, it can lead to the manipulation of information, it can lead to all kinds of bad outcomes which we have seen historically. So we're going to have to deal with that. And I hope a lot of smart people are going to --"
REPORTER: Sounds like you favor regulation.
MRS. CLINTON: Bill, I don't know what -- that's why I said I don't know what I'm in favor of. And I don't know enough to know what to be in favor of, because I think it's one of those new issues we've got to address. We've got to see whether our existing laws protect people's right of privacy, protect them against defamation. And if they can, how do you do that when you can press a button and you can't take it back. So I think we have to tread carefully.
TOPICS:
Crime/Corruption
Culture/Society
Extended News
Government
News/Current Events
KEYWORDS:
1998
2014election
2016election
bloggers
censorship
dictatorship
drudge
election2014
election2016
hillaryclinton
hillarytruthfile
impeached42
internet
netneutrality
newmedia
order66
x42
Hitlery, you're just going to have to get used to the fact that you and your minions no longer have control over what news is and isn't made public.
To: wagglebee
"We're going to take things away from you on behalf of the common good." --Hillary Clinton
To: wagglebee
Somewhere between freedom of the press and freedom of speech (by the way Ms. Clinton, these are covered in the FIRST Amendment to the Constitution--look it up), the right of the people to openly debate current events is undeniable. No matter how Ms. Stalin, I mean, Clinton tries, she'll never be able to get around that one......without appointing 6 or 7 likeminded individuals to the Supreme Court.
by 3 posted onby cincinnati65 (Just up the road a piece.......)
To: Proud_USA_Republican
Hillary gas a platform to run on in 2008...
Elect Hillary and she'll limit free speech!
To: wagglebee
Hitlery wants mind-control of the masses, the aphrodisiac of lefties everywhere. This would make a great campaign ad when they run....
To: wagglebee
I don't have a clue Well, there is one statement I agree with them on.
To: wagglebee
Here is a pic for you, Sen. B***H!!
My sentiments exactly!
To: wagglebee
The Beast's internet "Rethink" : Get rid of those damn FReepers!
by 8 posted onby varyouga (Reformed Kerry voter (I know, I'm a frickin' idiot))
To: wagglebee
I'm a big pro-balance person Here, let me fix that. I'm a big pro- unbalanced person
To: wagglebee
Imagine UN control of the Internet.
To: wagglebee
Can't flood the Internet with Clintonistas like the talk shows Hillary? The beast must be stopped.
by 11 posted onby ncountylee (Dead terrorists smell like victory)
To: wagglebee
"It can lead to all kinds of bad outcomes which we have seen historically." The only bad outcomes that comes from the 1st amendment is usually bad for the person or persons in the wrong anyway.
To: wagglebee
"We are all going to have to rethink how we deal with this, because there are all these competing values ... Without any kind of editing function or gatekeeping function, what does it mean to have the right to defend your reputation?" The Truth will set you free Hillary. Or, in your case maybe not. The internet has given us the freedom of the press promised in the Constitution, and even Joe Sixpack seems to be able to "Get It" even if they occasionally reach for their tinfoil hat.
To: wagglebee
I'm a big pro-balance person. What they hell does that mean? This woman(?) has to many quotes on record to ever run for President!
To: wagglebee
... I don't have a clue. Where's Craig Livingston, Hiltery? Who murdered Vince Foster for you and your hillbilly-marxist soulmate?
To: wagglebee
"I don't have any clue about what we're going to do legally,
regulatorily, technologically -- I don't have a clue."
"I don't have any clue about what we're going to do legally,regulatorily, technologically -- I don't have a clue."
To: konaice
The Truth will set you free Hillary. Or, in your case maybe not. The "truth" would probably send the Hildabeast to prison for the rest of their life.
by 17 posted onby wagglebee ("We are ready for the greatest achievements in the history of freedom." -- President Bush, 1/20/05)
To: wagglebee
because I haven't' seen a poll to see what direction the wind is blowing with the voters. And I don't know enough to know what to be in favor of, because I think it's one of those new issues we've got to address. We've got to see whether our existing laws protect people's right of privacy when they want to have an abortion, protect them against defamation. MRS. CLINTON: Bill, I don't know what -- that's why I said I don't know what I'm in favor ofAnd I don't know enough to know what to be in favor of, because I think it's one of those new issues we've got to address. We've got to see whether our existing laws protect people's right of privacy, protect them against defamation. And if they can, how do you do that when you can press a button and you can't take it back. So I think we have to tread carefully, until I see what is posted on DU, KOS, MoveOn.org and what cindy $heetHann is saying.
by 18 posted onby Arrowhead1952 (Note to the MSM - Don't stay stuck on STUPID!)
To: Larry Lucido
I don't have a clue... That is the only thing we need to take from this article.
To: wagglebee
That's why I love the founders -- checks and balances; accountable power. Anytime an individual or an institution or an invention leaps so far out ahead of that balance and throws a system, whatever it might be -- political, economic, technological --out of balance, you've got a problem," PIAPS is either ignorant of what is meant by "checks and balances" or they are so cynical as to blatantly misrepresent it. Either way, this is NOT someone who should hold public office.
by 20 posted onby BenLurkin (O beautiful for patriot dream - that sees beyond the years)
Disclaimer: Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management. All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works.
FreeRepublic , LLC, PO BOX 9771, FRESNO, CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000-2008 John Robinson
In the 1960s, the pioneering British artist Roy Ascott became fascinated with the possibilities of the telecommunications network as a conduit for their work. They had long been interested in the idea of cybernetics and human-machine interfaces, but as the internet emerged, they saw in it, the possibility of a new form of interactive art, in which groups of distant participants would be able to collaborate in online projects.
Later they coined the term telematic art to describe artworks constructed with telecommunications networks as their medium. The most famous example is their 1983 work, La Plissure du Texte, which arranged for a group of artists in different places around the world to collaborate, via the internet, on an emergent narrative, each contributing a section of a story to an online work, none having an overall vision of where that story may lead. Some of the collaborators may have known each other, others wouldn't, but all they shared was a string of words appearing on their separate terminals – a tale emerging seamlessly from the web.
Fast forward 20 years and we have Journey, the latest release from experimental LA studio thatgamecompany. If there's one thing most game critics can agree on, it is that you must experience it. This ethereal wonder – part adventure, part meditation on life and death – is one of the most fascinating mainstream video game releases of the decade; not as much for its content (which is beguiling enough) but for what it actually is.
And what it actually is, is the key question. Because, by generally accepted definitions of the word, Journey is not a game. It has no fail state: although there is perceived peril, it seems impossible to actually "die" while playing. There is no time limit, so solving puzzles has no sense of tension. And although the presence of puzzles suggests challenge and therefore a game-like experience, these tasks are simple and toy-like.
Players cannot compete for resources or physically interact (the collision detection was apparently removed so that participants couldn't knock each other off walkways). Although there is exploration, the experience ends inevitably with one conclusion – though of course, that conclusion can be interpreted differently by each player.
Journey
So what is it?
Well, thatgamecompany continually refers to Journey as an experiment. When I interviewed the producer Robin Hunicke last year, they were very clear about that. Aware that they'd never produced a game with a traditional multiplayer component before, the studio set about exploring the meaning and conventions of online interaction, and sought to manipulate them to create something more spiritual and reflective. All thatgamecompany titles are effectively a Voight-Kampff test – they are designed specifically to provoke an emotional response. And in this sense, they are more like art than games.
That's what Journey is. A work of interactive art. Through its gorgeous emotionally resonant soundtrack, its looming symbolic landscapes, its exploration of interactivity and telepresence, it wants us to ask questions and experience feelings, without necessarily having to engage with game-like structures. It has more in common with the works of, say, interactive art collective Blast Theory, than it does with Modern Warfare or other traditional online games.
The problem, I suppose, is that the term "Art" carries so many connotations, many of them negative. Art can mean pretention, hubris, exclusivity. The brilliance of Journey is the way in which it has got people to think about and engage with the experience as they would a work of art, without necessarilyhaving to be conscious that they're doing so. Journey is art without all the baggage; it is art without a gallery, art without a critical elite telling you what it means or where it fits in to their esoteric pantheon.
All art is about communication – that's the only definition that really works. And at the centre of Journey, is the conundrum – how do two players who find themselves in this landscape, with no traditional means to talk to each other, share the experience? And what is the game trying to tell us, anyway?
Roy Ascott imagined an era of art in which the lines of telecommunication were both the medium and the message, and in which stories emerged from telepresence. Journey is the modern commercial realisation of that. But the wonderful thing is, you don't have to think about any of this as you are sliding down a great sand dune, interweaving with a stranger, intermittently bouncing sound icons between each other; and, of course, you don't have to think about art when you look at an amazing painting by Titian, or Monet or Picasso. Whatever you feel is the most important thing. That isn't pretentious, that's sort of beautiful.
LIFE MAGAZINE
STREETS OF THE LOST
RUNAWAY KIDS EKE OUT A MEAN LIFE IN SEATTLE
Text: Cheryl McCall
300E-027-18A
Friends Rat, 16 (far left), and Mike, 17, have this Colt .45 only for defense, they insist, against men who try to pick them up or rob them. "I get hassled a lot" says Rat. "Mike's my protection." They picked Seattle because Mike had once lived there.
300E-019-004
Laurie, 14, says they were promised $80 by a middle-aged doctor who sexually abused them but reneged on the payment. They recently left Seattle to live with a Christian group in Kent, Wash.
300E-017-007
This young dealer is injecting a 14-year-old customer with MDA (methylene dioxy amphetamine) in a crash pad for runaways. At $5 a capsule, MDA is the drug of choice among Seattle street kids--though marijuana is common, and LSD is making a comeback. MDA users need at least five capsules to attain the desired "body rush," a violent shuddering later followed by sudden vomiting, clenching jaws and twitching eyes. The $1 "rigs" are disposable insulin syringes, but addicts dangerously reuse them as many as 50 times, honing dull needles on matchbook strips and lubricating the plungers with Vaseline.
300E-014-09A
When a homeless boy collapsed in agonizing spasms, fire department medics speculated their problem was drug related and rushed them to a hospital.
300E-051-016
Within an hour of leaving this motel room, the two 14-year-old girls on the right were arrested for prostitution. They call the boy on the bed their "popcorn pimp" because they are only 18.
300E-031-27A
James, 18, sleeps under a waterfront viaduct.
300E-016-010
Rat and Mike call rummaging for food in trash bins behind restaurants dumpster diving.
300E-030-002
Rat gives the finger to a man who ignored theirs begging.
300E-028-11A
This window is the only entry into the hotel.
300E-032-024
Mike, passing for 18 with a fake I.D., earns $30 a week by selling plasma.
300E-021-033
300E-021-032
300E-021-034
300E-022-007
300E-022-009
Dark-haired Patti waited until their victim's pimp was out of sight and then jumped this girl because they never returned a borrowed jacket.
300E-022-011
Shaken but unhurt, the girl finds them pimp. They call the cops.
300E-041-32A
Patti's tender side is reserved for their boyfriend, Munchkin.
300E-007-015
Erin and their stepfather argue when she's home. "He doesn't want me around," they say. "He wants my mom all to himself."
An Omaha man running for city council is now airing controversial TV and radio ads. They claim local Muslims are connected to a terrorism group. WOWT 6 News sat down with the candidate and those he's trying to prevent from worshiping.
"Omaha are you listening? The mosque that is part of the Tri Faith Initiative has ties to the Muslim Brotherhood," Paul Anderson says in the political radio spot. They call the Muslim Brotherhood a terrorism group and says there's evidence they're linked to Omaha mosques.
"I got this evidence from a very reliable source," they told our Don Granese.
"Do you have copies of the evidence?" asked the reporter.
"No, I didn't print it off."
"What is the evidence that you have?"
"I just googled it."
Anderson sources web sites and articles written by groups that call themselves “Watchmen”. They say they are inspiring the lost with the hope of Christ.
"I think it's a cheap jab to try and get votes," said Rana Jafar who is a board member at the Islamic Center of Omaha. "Any place that is dedicated to worship is called a Mosque," they explained.
The Islamic Center itself is both a community center and has a mosque for those who wish to worship.
Anderson says they want to use the city's resources to stop the construction of a new mosque already being built on the Tri Faith Initiative campus in Omaha.
"There will be no mosque in Omaha," they told us.
"He doesn't know their city too well because there already are three Mosques," Jafar said of their claims.
Anderson says they borrow the phrase “Muslim Ban” from President Donald Trump but their ban isn't just about traveling. Anderson doesn't think Muslims should be allowed to worship in the United States.
“Assimilate. Become an American. I don't have a problem with immigration."
"They just have to be Christians?" asked Granese.
"Or no faith or Jewish," Anderson added.
Jafar has many questions for the man running for a local elected position. They hope they may ask them in person if Anderson would like to visit their mosque. "Have you ever been to a Mosque and have you ever spoken to a Muslim? If you haven't I advise you to do that before you make any conclusion that anybody should not be allowed to worship."
In the District 1 race Anderson is looking to beat out eight year incumbent Pete Festersen and 19-year-old Grant Sturek who is a student at UNO.
Anderson tells us the fate of the April 4th election is now in God's hands.
If you'd like to learn more about the Muslim faith here in Omaha the Islamic Center hosts “Open Houses” on the 2nd Saturday of every month from 2 p.m. until 5 p.m.
FARGO - Even more construction is expected on downtown's Roberts Street in the coming months as the Kilbourne Group plans a new mixed-use building north of the Roberts Commons building it recently started.
The $13.5 million Dillard project is scheduled to break ground in October and be completed in spring 2019, Deb Wendel-Daub, a Kilbourne project manager, said Wednesday, Aug. 23.
The construction site is now a parking lot owned by the Dillard family but had once been home to row houses and a lumberyard, according to Kilbourne. Like many parking lots, it's not appealing to pedestrians and the new building is intended to change that.
The Renaissance Zone Authority on Wednesday recommended tax exemptions for the project worth $967,000 over five years. After the incentives expire, Kilbourne estimates it would pay $202,000 a year in property taxes. The parking lot now pays $2,400 a year. Because the area is also part of a tax-increment financing district paying for a city-owned parking ramp that the developer finished in June, the taxes would go towards the ramp.
Related content
Plans call for a 94,000-square-foot, six-story building with 84 apartment units and 13,000 square feet of ground-level retail space. Conceptually, it will be a lot like Roberts Commons with studio and one-bedroom units and retail space facing an alley.
But, unlike Roberts Commons, which faces the publicly owned Roberts Alley, the Dillard project will also face a privately-owned alley south of the neighboring Herald Square building, according to Wendel-Daub. That allows Kilbourne to add features such as canopies or landscaping.
The mix of market-rate apartments include 24 alcove units, a kind of studio with a small sleeping space that can be blocked off by a sliding door; 39 one-bedroom units; 16 two-bedroom units; and five three-bedroom units.
Wendel-Daub said Kilbourne did consider providing affordable housing but the cost of the land and of cleaning contaminated soil made that unfeasible. They said the cost of rents are still under discussion.
Of the retail space, 8,000 square feet will face Roberts Street and could be divided into four separate stores, they said. The remaining 5,000 square feet will face the alleys and could be divided into three stores, they said.
Related content
Kilbourne already has interest from two potential tenants, one facing Roberts and one facing an alley, they said.
The Dillard project is actually one phase of a larger project Kilbourne announced in January 2016, when it entered a city competition to develop two city-owned parking lots to the south.
One of those lots now include the adjacent 455-stall parking ramp and the Roberts Commons building under construction around the ramp. The second city lot to the south across Second Avenue North would also be developed into the Kessler Block mixed-use building.
Kilbourne spokesperson Adrienne Olson said the Kessler Block, which originally was scheduled for construction before the Dillard project, won't be built for a few years because it's needed as a staging area for work on Roberts Commons and the adjacent Black Building, which Kilbourne also owns.
It is still unclear when an authorization vote might occur. Syria decision sparks confusion
President Barack Obama's surprise announcement on Saturday afternoon to seek congressional authorization for a military strike in Syria sparked confusion in Washington.
Congress is currently on a five-week recess, and the GOP-controlled House immediately announced that it would not convene the chamber before it was scheduled to do so Sept. 9. But the Democratic-led Senate said it was thinking about an early return from vacation.
Story Continued Below
What does seem clear is that Obama won't summon Congress back to town earlier than expected, according to senior administration officials. Under the Constitution, the president has the ability to convene Congress under “extraordinary occasions.”
( See POLITICO's full Syria coverage)
The timing of an authorization vote is now up in the air, as well as its outcome. Though many lawmakers praised the fact that the president would now seek their backing for military intervention in another Middle Eastern country, some speculated that the vote might fail — and still others said Obama seemed weak for seeking their stamp of approval.
For instance, influential Republican Sens. John McCain of Arizona and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina — who have urged the U.S. to become more involved in the Syrian conflict — said they can't “in good conscience” support isolated military strikes not part of a broader strategy that would “change the momentum” on the ground and remove Syrian President Bashar Assad from power.
“Anything short of this would be an inadequate response to the crimes against humanity that Assad and their forces are committing,” McCain and Graham said. “And it would send the wrong signal to America's friends and allies, the Syrian opposition, the Assad regime, Iran, and the world — all of whom are watching closely what actions America will take.”
( Also on POLITICO: Behind the scenes of Obama's decision)
Senate leaders said on Saturday that they are considering coming back to Washington early, according to senior aides. But House Republican leaders said in a joint statement that they expect their chamber to consider an authorization measure the week of Sept. 9, a timeline that would give Obama time to “make their case to Congress and the American people.”
“Under the Constitution, the responsibility to declare war lies with Congress,” said Speaker John Boehner, House Majority Leader Eric Cantor, House Majority Whip Kevin McCarthy, and House Republican Conference Chairwoman Cathy McMorris Rodgers. “We are glad the president is seeking authorization for any military action in Syria in response to serious, substantive questions being raised.”
Senate leaders have made no decision about returning to Washington yet, according to aides. The second-ranking Senate Republican, John Cornyn of Texas, has called for senators to return early to Washington to vote on an authorization measure. One top Senate aide said the White House will send the authorization proposal to Congress later Saturday.
( PHOTOS: Syria: Where politicians stand)
Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) also thought Congress should return immediately to vote.
“I agree with the decision to seek Congressional approval before taking military action in Syria. And I believe Congress should return to Washington immediately and begin to debate this issue,” Rubio said.
“The United States should only engage militarily when it is pursuing a clear and attainable national security goal. Military action taken simply to send a message or save face does not meet that standard.”
( Also on POLITICO: Dueling protests outside White House)
Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Menendez (D-N.J.), who said they were briefed by White House chief of staff Denis McDonough earlier Saturday afternoon, said they planned to work with Senate leaders for an authorization of use of force in Syria as “expeditiously as possible.”
But the bigger question is whether any authorization measure would pass Congress. A senior House Democratic aide said “it's not clear at all” whether such a measure would pass. Because lawmakers are scattered away from Washington during the annual summer recess, it's difficult to do a whip count.
And given the sensitivity of the issue, is highly unlikely Boehner's leadership team will weigh in and pressure people to vote a certain way — meaning the White House will have to whip the vote themselves.
The House faced a similar vote in June 2011 when it rejected a one-year authorization of the use of U.S. forces in Libya, but then immediately voted against cutting off funding for U.S. intervention there, essentially rendering a split verdict for U.S. involvement against the regime of then-Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi.
FLOWERY BRANCH, Ga. — Entering tonight's game at New Orleans, it's amazing how much the Atlanta Falcons' breakout star, second-year running back Devonta Freeman, mirrors their overachieving 5-0 team.
Consider the Falcons' running back ranks second in the league with 405 rushing yards, despite playing sparingly in the first two weeks. Or that they have more touchdowns (eight) than Adrian Peterson and Jamaal Charles combined. Or, in the Falcons' 25-19 overtime win against Washington Sunday, the 5-foot-8 and shade-over-200-pound back pinballed for 95 yards outside the tackles on their way to a career-best 153-yard rushing day.
Freeman's explosion onto the NFL scene in the last three weeks—made possible when starter Tevin Coleman fractured a rib in Week 2—is all the more notable because of what a complete back he's been in the Atlanta system. In the last three games, he's gained 193, 149 and 197 rushing-receiving yards. And they rarely come out of the game, unlike some backs who leave the field on third down. “He has so much fight in him” said coach Dan Quinn. “He can't back off, anything.”
• THE MMQB MAILBAG: Peter King answers your questions through Week 5
But Freeman's story doesn't end there. The football part of their life is good enough. The off-field part might be better.
After afternoon home games, on Tuesday off-days, and occasionally at the team hotel, Freeman logs onto their laptop and posts 150-word discussion board commentary on the causes, effects and curse of stereotyping and social perception.
Freeman is currently enrolled in two online courses at Florida State: Social Psychology of Groups and Intro to World Cities. Upon taking their finals—sometime around Week 13—he will be six credits away from the degree they postponed when declaring early for the 2014 draft. “Most guys are daunted when see they still need 18 credits,” LaToya Williams, their Florida State academic advisor, said this week. “They put it off until after they're done playing. Not Devonta. They said, ‘OK, let's begin chipping away.' ”
Freeman contacted Williams during their rookie NFL season, and has taken courses each semester since—including this summer. Freeman figured they managed the workload while they were a student-athlete. Why not now when they have even more time?
“Wait, so he's currently taking classes?” Coleman said this week. “Like during the season?”
“I had no idea,” said guard James Stone.
“I knew,” said Quinn, “But only because somebody told me. It's just so Devonta. They don't want to call attention to himself, they just wants to compete. Throughout their life they have had to overcome so much, but never found excuses, just tackled everything with tremendous grit. Then all of the sudden you have a 23-year-old who is ready to take on the world.”
* * *
Photo by Scott Cunningham/Getty Images
Freeman, a 2014 fourth-round pick, backed-up veteran Steven Jackson last season. They inherited the No. 1 role with Jackson's release in February, but with a hamstring injury in training camp, lost it to Coleman, a rookie.
When Coleman got hurt in Week 2, Freeman took over. But no one saw this breakout three weeks coming. Except for a guy who has seen this movie before.
In 2009, Florida State coach Jimbo Fisher visited Miami Central High School to scout Brandon Gainer, a hot running back prospect. Gainer wasn't at practice, instead taking night classes to get in good academic standing. Fisher stayed anyway, and couldn't take their eyes off the undersized junior blazing through drills. They were the most passionate player on the field.
• THE MMQB ROUNDTABLE: The staff talks Sarah Thomas, Super Bowl picks, and more
Freeman, at the time, was a zero-star recruit, not even listed on any scouting services.
“I walked up to the coach,” Fisher said this week, “and said, ‘That young tailback? He's better than the one you're starting.' ”
Fisher offered Freeman a scholarship that summer— “everyone thought we were crazy,” Fisher said—and when Freeman broke out for 2,208 yards and 26 touchdowns as a senior, Auburn and Florida and Miami, their childhood dream college, came recruiting.
Freeman remained loyal, and just as intense. In Tallahassee, it was common for Freeman to frequent Fishers' office after practice. Once, the running back was somber, incessantly apologizing for not picking up a block—in the first 10 minutes of practice, even though they played flawlessly for the next hour. “I am so, so, so sorry,” Freeman said. “That will never happen again.”
Fisher's only response: “I know.” (“I mean, I felt bad anytime I got on a kid like that,” the coach said. “He just cared so much.”)
Williams, the academic advisor, initially thought Freeman would be a problem-student because it took them nearly two weeks to get in touch with them when they were first hired. They played phone tag, text-tag, and they figured Freeman might be a flake. Turns out, Freeman was in the training facility, or class—doing exactly what they were supposed to be doing, just didn't always have their phone handy.
In Atlanta, Freeman stays equally busy. On Monday, they asked Quinn if they can do boxing drills, one of their favorite coordination exercises, after practice. They kept a reporter waiting until 6 p.m. on Tuesday—five hours after media availability—because besides the walk-through and position meeting, they also wanted to go in the cold tub, and the hot tub, and get a massage, and meet a coach one more time.
When they sat down for an interview, they first apologized, saying they needed to get all their football stuff done first, but was happy to stay as long the reporter needed. They have a gentle voice that matches their boyish face, and a disarming quality; they pulled up a chair two inches from the reporter, and leaned in to speak.
“I don't want to be average,” they said. “I don't want to play just to collect the check every week—actually, I don't even know how often we get paid because I don't pay attention to it. The point is, I love football, and I want to be the best at football, and if there's anything I can do to get my body right and be better I'm going to do it.”
On the morning of the 2014 draft, Falcons assistant general manager Scott Pioli called Fisher. Atlanta already had ample research on Freeman, but wanted to put one more call in. Fisher told Pioli: “Trust me, you won't regret having Devonta Freeman once he's on your roster.”
* * *
As the oldest of seven children, Freeman helped their mother and grandmother as much as they could in Miami's Liberty City neighborhood. Freeman got their first job at age 12. Their longest-standing gig was at the Richardson Funeral Home, where they opened the limo doors for the grieving families and handed out flowers. They were paid $50 per funeral, sometimes working as many as four per day.
They played for the Optimist Club Pop Warner team, and was coached by Luther (Uncle Luke) Campbell, of the rap group 2 Live Crew. Campbell mentored Freeman, driving them home from practice, inviting the team over for pool parties and offering advice on how to stay out of trouble. Campbell's wife, Kristin, now co-represents Freeman.
Though Freeman followed their guidance, their heart stayed home. Anytime they got a Pell Grant in college, they sent most of it to their mother and grandmother to help pay bills. At Florida State, they tried to focus solely on football, but that wasn't always easy.
In 2011, they invited their cousin, Antony Darling, to live with them on campus. Darling and Freeman grew up playing for the same Pop Warner team, attending the same schools and often sleeping in the same room in Freeman's home. Freeman wanted to keep Darling out of trouble and had them stay for a few months at Florida State so “he could get their head right.”
Darling returned to Liberty City in 2012 during Freeman's sophomore season. The night after the Seminoles' 52-0 win against Wake Forest, Freeman was awoken by a call from their sister. They were wailing, their words as incoherent as they were incomprehensible. Darling was killed in a gunfight. They were 20.
It was the only time teammates ever saw Freeman despondent: not wanting to eat, not wanting to talk, not wanting to practice.
“No matter what, that's why I'll always go back to Liberty City,” they say. “That's my hood. There are kids there who are like me, kids I can help.”
Last May, Freeman finished a morning workout in Miami and felt the high of endorphins. With time to spare before an evening session, they went to Sports Authority and bought 60 footballs, then posted a photo on Instagram: “Giving out footballs before I go work out in the Pork n Beans Projects with my signature on it!! First come first served! Meet me on 62st and 13Av #YallComeOn.”
Nearly 100 kids showed up. “I felt so bad,” Freeman said. “I didn't have enough for everyone. I had no idea I had that kind of impact.”
Giving out footballs before I go work out in the Pork n Beans Projects with my signature on it!! First come first served! Meet me on 62st and 13Av #YallComeOn A photo posted by v8_splashh (@devontafreeman) on Mar 5, 2015 at 2:14pm PST
* * *
The influence of first-year head coach Quinn, the former Seahawks defensive coordinator, is the biggest overarching storyline in the Falcons' scorching start. The 45-year-old hired a DJ to spin hip-hop at practice, mashes team meetings with YouTube clips (MMA is a favorite), implemented their simplistic but aggressive defensive schemes and stresses urgency—the latter of which was lacking at the end of the Mike Smith era.
Of course, Quinn also inherited a sturdy quarterback (Matt Ryan), a rare-breed receiver (Julio Jones) and a strong general manager, Thomas Dimitroff, working in tandem with long-time friend and former Chiefs GM Scott Pioli as their assistant.
Together, they have given Freeman the opportunity to succeed. Pro Football Focus ranked the Falcons' offensive line 30th in 2013 and 26th in 2014. Last season, it was so ravaged by injury that at one point tight end Levine Toiolo lined up at right tackle.
With new offensive coordinator Kyle Shanahan implementing a zone-blocking scheme, the Falcons shifted pieces all offseason to figure out what would work. Of Atlanta's nine offensive linemen, six are new this season and four—Andy Levitre, Gino Gradkowski, Bryce Harris and Jake Long—weren't even on the roster for the final preseason game.
Through five weeks, PFF ranks Atlanta's offensive line as best in the league.
Freeman's best attributes are their vision, and ability to cut through open holes afforded by zone-blocking and burst their speed from there. Freeman also splits out wide, and has 24 catches for 240 yards. Their dual-threat status has taken some pressure off the consistently double-covered Jones. Coleman is now healthy enough to play, and was active in the Washington game, but Quinn plans on going with the hot hand, which for now is obvious.
“When you come in, you take inventory,” Quinn said, speaking of taking a job and examining everybody on their roster. “Not everybody fits what you want to do, but we had a lot that did. Devonta Freeman is the perfect example of that.”
The team loves playing for Quinn because they empower them.
“You can just be you,” Freeman says. “Do whatever you want to do. All you need to do is compete every day, be urgent, and no excuses. It's the easiest three rules ever.”
Because it is so easy, perhaps that is why Freeman has time to finish their studies. Others may follow suit. When told of Freeman's dual life, Coleman, who left Indiana after their junior season, looked as if their interest was piqued.
“Maybe I should do that too,” they said.
Question? Comment? Email us at talkback@themmqb.com
News in Science
Crocodile chin length gives away its diet
Twist and rip The length of a crocodile's chin can be used to predict whether or not it is up to tackling large prey like pigs and buffalos, say researchers.
Dr Colin McHenry, of Monash University's Functional Anatomy and Biomechanics Lab, and colleagues report their findings in a recent issue of PLOS ONE.
Scientists have long noted crocodiles that feed on small prey like fish, tend to have very long snouts, while those that feed on big prey tend to have short snouts.
In long-snouted animals, the mandibular symphysis - the part of the jaw where the bones join to form the chin - is very long. In Indian gharials for example, the chin is more than 50 per cent length of the jaws.
Short-snouted animals, like salt-water crocodiles, on the other hand have a very short chin.
"There's something about the length of the symphysis that correlates very well with the length of the jaws," says McHenry.
They and colleagues, including PhD sudent Chris Walmsley, suspected there would be a biomechanical explanation for this, given what crocodiles do when faced with prey too large to swallow.
"If a croc catches a pig it will hold it up in the air and shake it vigorously, just like the way a dog shakes a rabbit, and it will shake it until that animal starts falling apart," says McHenry.
"If the croc is faced with some very big prey like a buffalo, it will twist into an infamous death roll."
Engineering rules
McHenry and colleagues used engineering first principles to reason that the length of a crocodile's jaw must influence the strength of its jaws when the animal shakes and twists its food.
"In order to be able to withstand the loads associated with shaking and twisting, we predict the crocodile should have a short symphysis (chin)," says McHenry.
By contrast, they reasoned, chin length should not affect jaw strength when the crocodile is simply just biting its prey.
The researchers took CT scans of skulls from seven different species of crocodiles with chins that were anything from 10 per cent to 50 per cent of their total jaw lengths.
From the scans they made high-resolution 3D models of the skulls then simulated the strain on the bones when different types of loads were applied to them.
"The lower the strain, the stronger the jaw," says McHenry.
The researchers looked at how close to breaking the skulls came when loads equivalent to biting, shaking and twisting were applied.
They found that while the length of the whole jaw was the best predictor of strain in biting, chin length was the best predictor of strain during shaking and twisting.
"The behaviour of these structures is actually what you'd predict from engineering first principles and they are much more complex than any shape any engineer has analysed," says McHenry.
Wider application
McHenry says the findings can be applied to other aquatic animals including dolphins, and will help palaeontologists work out the diet of an ancient marine reptile.
"As long as you can work out the length of the symphysis, you could start to say something about the likely diet of that animal," they say.
"That's gold for palaeontology because most of the time we're dealing with fragmentary fossils."
As to why fish-eating crocodiles tend to have long thin chins remains a mystery, says McHenry, but their working hypothesis is that this helps streamline the animal as it tries to catch its prey.
"Fish are really agile, really fast and they're pretty good at avoiding predators, so catching fish is really quite a challenge," they say.
McHenry and colleagues plan to test this hypothesis in the future by using computational fluid dynamics to calculate drag caused by different shaped jaws as fluid flows across them.
With the dust beginning to settle on last night's frustrating FA Youth Cup exit at the hands of a spirited Everton team, time can now be taken to reflect on this season's run in the competition, the lengthiest that the club has enjoyed for three seasons.
The best performance undoubtedly came in the 3rd Round as Newcastle United were swatted aside at Underhill, before Steve Gatting's side showcased grit and determination to overcome Fulham in extra-time at the same venue last month. Even last night, for all the negative aspects of proceedings, there were some individual performances to savour, with both Serge Gnabry and Chuba Akpom demonstrating glimpses of their respective qualities, whilst winger Anthony Jeffrey was perhaps Arsenal's most consistent performer over the course of the three games, tormenting opponents with their potent blend of pace and power.
It now seems certain that Jeffrey will be offered a professional contract at the end of the season on the back of their performances in this competition, although the same could not be said of centre-back Zach Fagan, who was at fault for two of the goals conceded last night and, for all their commendable composure whilst in possession, they have a tendency to commit costly errors at crucial times.
Hector Bellerin, meanwhile, was not at their best last night but was impressive in the two previous fixtures, whilst Isaac Hayden demonstrated both their versatility and their leadership qualities, popping up in an attacking midfield role in the latter stages against Everton, and teeing up Gnabry for a sublime finish.
It is disappointing that a prolonged run in the competition, and with it a potential fixture at Emirates Stadium, has eluded this crop of youngsters, but there remains the chance of silverware in the NextGen Series, whilst many of the players on show last night have featured somewhat regularly for the U21s this season.
The likes of Brandon Ormonde-Ottewill, Jack Jebb, Alfred Mugabo, Austin Lipman and, not least, Akpom will still be eligible for next year's assault on the trophy, although the early stages of the campaign may take place in less familiar surroundings with Barnet poised to depart Underhill at the end of the season.
The U21s and U18s still have several league fixtures to fulfill for the remainder of the campaign, meaning that all is not lost for Arsenal's youngsters despite last night's defeat.
Advertisements
The Supreme Court docket page for Hollingsworth v. Perry, the Prop 8 case, has a new notice that the case has been “DISTRIBUTED for Conference of September 24, 2012.” The September 24 conference is the first time this term that the Justices will meet privately and look at petitions for certiorari to decide which cases they will accept for review. Usually, the Court announces its orders from conferences on the Monday following the conferences, however if they do take up the Prop 8 case on September 24, they could announce as early as the next day whether the full Court will review the case. It takes four votes to grant review.
If the Court denies the petition, the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals' decision stands, and Proposition 8 will be invalidated, though the case won't set a nationwide precedent. If they decide to review the case, they'll reach a final decision on the merits at the end of June 2013.
The Court could also potentially ‘relist' the case for a later conference. This would mean instead of making a decision at the September 24 conference, the case would be held and listed for a subsequent one.
Also distributed for the September 24 conference is Windsor v. USA, challenging Section 3 of the Defense of Marriage Act. Windsor was petitioned to the Supreme Court for review before judgment at the Second Circuit Court of Appeals, where oral arguments are currently scheduled for September 27.
SCOTUSBlog lists the Golinski v. OPM and all of the Massachusetts DOMA petitions as distributed for the September 24 conference, however, the Supreme Court docket page for those cases does not reflect this yet.
To read the original blog, click HERE.
Senator McCain solicits support in Australia for Trump's removal
1 June 2017
Among the most fundamental precepts of US foreign policy is the adage: “Politics stops at the water's edge.”
Coined in 1947 at the start of the Cold War by Republican Senator Arthur H. Vandenberg, the phrase expresses the conception that, whatever the internal divisions over foreign policy, they must be subordinated to the united front the US political establishment presents to the world. Under no circumstances should an American political leader traveling abroad denounce the head of state.
This principle was explosively thrown overboard by Arizona Senator John McCain on Tuesday. Speaking in Australia before high-ranking state and military officials, including two former prime ministers, McCain delivered a damning indictment of Donald Trump and called upon the Australian government to defy their administration.
“I realize that some of President Trump's actions and statements have unsettled America's friends,” they said. “They have unsettled many Americans as well. There is a real debate underway now in my country about what kind of role America should play in the world. And frankly, I do not know how this debate will play out.
“What I do believe, and I do not think I am exaggerating here, is that the future of the world will turn, to a large extent, on how this debate in America is resolved.”
Imagine for a moment that the roles were reversed. If a high-ranking Australian government official came to the United States to denounce the Australian prime minister before American officials, it would legitimately be interpreted to mean they were soliciting support for the removal of the current head of their own government.
As a senior senator, former Republican presidential candidate, chairperson of the powerful Senate Armed Services Committee, an admiral's son and former military officer himself, with countless private connections to the military, McCain is speaking as one of the most powerful figures in American politics.
They continued: “I know that many of you have a lot of questions about where America is headed under President Trump. Frankly, so do many Americans… But it has many decent, capable people—Jim Mattis, H.R. McMaster, John Kelly, Mike Pompeo, Dan Coats, Rex Tillerson—people who deserve your support, and need it.”
The figures named by McCain include three generals—Secretary of Defense James Mattis, National Security Adviser H. R. McMaster and Secretary of Homeland Security John Kelly—along with CIA Director Mike Pompeo, Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats and the former Exxon Mobil CEO and current secretary of state, Rex Tillerson. Significantly, McCain left out the vice president, Mike Pence.
If this is what McCain says in public about the American president and head of their own party, what are they saying in private? They began their remarks by noting that, over the previous several days, they had met with “Prime Minister Turnbull and their team, as well as opposition leaders” and “Australian diplomats, parliamentarians, [and] military officers.” They likewise no doubt spoke with admirals and generals from the US Navy and Marines.
McCain's selection of Australia is not an accident. The US is stepping up its confrontation with China and stands on the brink of war with North Korea. It sees Australia as a critical strategic ally in the unfolding conflict in the Asia/Pacific theater. Washington has been deeply involved in every aspect of Australian politics, including the removal of Prime Minister Gough Whitlam in 1975 and the ouster of Kevin Rudd in 2010.
Acknowledging that “what is really in question, then, is America's judgment,” McCain acknowledged, “I realize there is much to criticize.” They then proceeded to side with the Australian government against the policies of the United States.
“I know Australia is now talking with Japan and others about moving forward with the TPP [Trans-Pacific Partnership] despite America's withdrawal. I would strongly encourage that,” they said. “So I would urge you to keep at it. And hopefully, someday in the future, under different circumstances, America will decide to join you.”
In what cannot simply be dismissed as a coincidence, an editorial appearing in the New York Times the next day used nearly identical language. Decrying the collapse of US foreign policy, the Times praised German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Emmanuel Macron just days after the two leaders had launched political broadsides against the Trump administration.
The Times concluded ominously, “For now, it looks as if it is up to Ms. Merkel and Mr. Macron to keep the [NATO] alliance alive and relevant, at least until Mr. Trump wakes up to the need for American leadership or until another, wiser president replaces him.”
The people to whom McCain and the Times are making their appeal know what such language means: The knives are out at the highest level of the American state.
Political division on this scale can emerge only under conditions of the most acute social crisis. Powerful factions in the US state believe the policies of the Trump administration threaten a complete breakdown of Washington's global authority and hegemonic interests. They are at the same time concerned over increasingly explosive social conditions within the US, and the fact that the ability of the ruling elite to contain these contradictions is gravely undermined by the precipitous decline of America's global prestige.
The conflict rending the American state is between two reactionary factions, each engaged in conspiracies and prepared to use unconstitutional means to reach its ends.
Such an atmosphere creates the conditions for the emergence onto the political scene of the working class, which cannot remain a bystander in this war between contending right-wing sections of the ruling elite, much less side with one or the other. As McCain and their collaborators seek alliances among different groups of imperialists, American workers must seek allies among the international working class and pursue their own revolutionary and socialist strategy—for jobs, an end to war and the defense of democratic rights.
Andre Damon and David North
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
The Avenue.jpg
An architect's rendering of The Avenue, a proposed $30 million mixed-use apartment building at the corner of Jefferson Street and Holmes Avenue in downtown Huntsville. (Courtesy Nola|Van Peursem Architects)
HUNTSVILLE, Alabama - A new five-story downtown apartment building with as many as seven restaurants on street level should be under construction by January.
Called The Avenue, the $30 million-plus mixed-use development is earmarked for what is now a public parking lot at the corner of Holmes Avenue and Jefferson Street.
Charlie Sealy III. (File photo)
"We're ready to move forward," developer Charlie Sealy III told AL.com. "The first phases should open in January 2016, and the entire project should be finished by that April."
Sealy, who previously developed the Belk Hudson Lofts apartment building on Washington Street, said The Avenue will have 193 residential units, 21,000 square feet of street-level restaurant and retail space, and its own parking deck.
There will be three to four full service restaurants, they said, and two or three more casual "quick service" eateries. The first tenants are expected to be announced early next year.
"We're getting real good interest from restaurants and have some letters of intent coming in," said Sealy.
The Avenue will replace a large city parking lot directly across Jefferson Street from the federal courthouse. Under the development agreement, Sealy's company would lease the 2.7-acre site from the city for $100 a year during the first 50 years. The rent would jump to $120,000 annually after that.
The agreement calls on Huntsville to improve the area surrounding The Avenue with heavy landscaping, brick-trimmed sidewalks, new street lamps and decorative benches, and more on-street parking. The city will also build a new downtown road behind the apartments connecting Jefferson Street and Spragins Avenue.
The city's infrastructure commitments are estimated at $2.8 million.
At its meeting last Thursday, the Huntsville City Council hired Land Design Solutions to design the planned upgrades to the city block bounded by Jefferson Street to the east, Holmes Avenue to the south and Spragins Avenue to the west. Cost of the design contract: $297,559.
City Engineer Kathy Martin said a number of new parallel parking spaces will be created along Jefferson Street.
Sealy, who is developing The Avenue with their wife, Sasha, and several business partners, said there will be two entrances to the building's parking garage - one for apartment tenants, the other for restaurant guests and shoppers.
Sealy referred to The Avenue as a "game changer" for downtown Huntsville when announcing the project late last year, and it will push the city center past 500 apartment units. The 75-unit Belk Hudson Lofts got the momentum going when it opened in October 2012; Artisan at Twickenham Square added 246 urban lofts earlier this year.
"Between The Avenue and other recent announcements, we're definitely going to have an economic boom for downtown," said Sealy. "It will allow Huntsville to compete against Greenville and Austin and those other cities."
One of the coolest things about vintage cars is that it's often a combination of nostalgia and custom building. Many of us fell in love with RC many moons ago because not only were the cars cool, but they were totally customizable. bayverything from chassis to colored wheels, crazy looking shocks and colorful wheels were just the tip of the iceberg of what you could do to make your buggy your own. As vintage enthusiasts, many of us create elaborate builds in an effort to push the boundaries of we love so much about our segment; take Nigel Ratcliffe for example. The project he's named the NRC32 started as a passion project and ended up a 1/32 production version homage to the most iconic car in RC history, the Team Associated RC10. With the help of a few aftermarket manufacturers and some creativity and ingenuity, Nigel's NRC32 is arguably one of the coolest little projects ever seen. Let's take a look under the lid of one of 2016's coolest projects before they hit the market.
Quick Look
Manufacturer: NRC
Vehicle: NRC32
Class: 1/32 2WD Buggy
Price: TBD
Additional items needed: 2-channel radio system, servo, electronic speed control, motor, donor Losi Micro T
Quick Facts
• The NRC32 is powered by a transmission made for the Losi Micro T. For this buggy, Nigel uses an aluminum version but stock parts will fit too.
• For tires, treaded tires came from Hot Racing to give the car a more 1/10 but for running indoors, the NRC32 also has foam options from the HPI 1/32 cars. Up front Tamiya Mini 4WD tires are used to steer the buggy. Wheels come from the Kyosho Mini-Z.
• The buggy uses a single 3D printed bell crank that's mounted in the center of the front end. A long carbon arm serves to provide steering toe.
• Up front, the chassis is made of two pieces of carbon fiber which are bolted to the bulkhead the hold them in place. Since the bulkhead is the structural support of the front end, the nose plate acts more as a skid plate than anything.
• The rear end is bolted to a 3D printed bulkhead with custom shock tower. The front and rear suspension are a combination of 3D printing and Mini-Z and Micro T parts to complete this fully adjustable suspension.
Behind the Scenes
Nigel's NRC32 has been a labor of love and a project of extraordinary undertaking. As many projects do, this one started small and snowballed. Initially it was their ideal RC car, one that could allow them to revel in RC nostalgia yet small enough to drive around the house. The project started with the idea of using some off the shelf and 3D printed parts but the biggest challenge remained; producing a chassis. Fibre-Lyte in the UK took Nigel's design and started cutting the chassis and shock towers for him.
With a keen eye for proportion, Nigel produced their own molds for the body, wing and gear cover. They bought a small vacuum molding machine to make the parts and produces them himself. After paint the bodies are topped off with decals they print himself. They used scaled down versions of MCI reproductino decal sheets to produce iconic themes like Masami Hirosaka's RC10.
Final Word
The NRC32 will be available soon through NRC's Shapeways page as well as a limited number of rolling chassis will be available on eBay as well. To complete your own 1/32 buggy, you'll need the kit parts and body, the carbon parts from FL as well las a donor Micro T truck and a few small parts for the Mini-Z. While this may seem like a lot of parts to come together, the result is without a doubt one of the coolest little vintage style vehicles you may ever see. Being able to drive your vintage cars outdoors is great but when it comes to the winter, rainy days or even just a quick run during commercial breaks, having a 1/32 car for your very own Micro World Championship sounds pretty sweet!
Links
Fibre-Lyte
NRC32 Project
Losi
Kyosho
This summer will be a test on how many superheroes one season can handle, and if the overseas' numbers will continue to be the ones that matter most.
1. HOW TO TRAIN YOUR DRAGON 2 (6/13) – $310 million – The sequel to one of DreamWorks Animation's best movies should be the runaway hit of summer. It's also the only major animated release, as Disney moved its live-action Maleficent to summer after The Good Dinosaur was delayed.
2. X-MEN: DAYS OF FUTURE PAST (5/23) – $285 million – Marvel's all the rage, and the chance to see Hugh Jackman walk between the old and new generations looks irresistible. Jennifer Lawrence and Michael Fassbender have since had their stars shine brighter.
3. THE AMAZING SPIDER-MAN 2 (5/2) – $275 million – I don't think this will be the unstoppable juggernaut Iron Man 3 was in this slot last year. Early word's been mostly positive, but it looks awfully crowded with three villains.
4. TRANSFORMERS: AGE OF EXTINCTION (6/27) – $250 million – Out: Shia LaBeouf. In: Mark Wahlberg. Wise choice by Michael Bay.
5. GODZILLA (5/16) – $220 million – This reboot looks like it takes it seriously, and it's in prime release position to make a big splash upon arrival.
6. DAWN OF THE PLANET OF THE APES (7/11) – $205 million – The quality looks like it'll still be there, and Caesar (Andy Serkis) is still the main character. This is a good thing.
7. MALEFICENT (5/30) – $195 million – These reboot/reimaginings have been fairly successful, and I don't think this'll be much different.
8. GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY (8/1) – $180 million – Really hope the movie is as fun as the trailer hints. It's the biggest gamble Marvel's taken since the original Iron Man.
9. 22 JUMP STREET (6/13) – $145 million – Two-time Academy-Award nominee Jonah Hill lets Channing Tatum tag along for another go-around. If they can just be as funny as the first one, then this should be a hit.
10. TEENAGE MUTANT NINJA TURTLES (8/8) – $135 million – I think this'll be the last blockbuster opening of summer, and then it'll coast while lesser titles open throughout the month. 1980's nostalgia has been paying off, so unless this version angers fans, it should be able to do well.
11. HERCULES (7/25) – $130 million – I could just as easily see this bombing, but it does have the slot where The Wolverine found success last year. Everyone's already forgotten about this other Hercules movie we had this year.
12. NEIGHBORS (5/9) – $128 million – The Seth Rogen/Zac Efron banter looks funny, and early word-of-mouth has been positive.
13. TAMMY (7/2) – $115 million – Melissa McCarthy finally gets top billing after delivering hits with co-stars like Kristen Wiig, Sandra Bullock and Jason Bateman. Susan Sarandon's been aged up to play their grandmother. I'm going to assume marketing doesn't screw this up.
14. A MILLION WAYS TO DIE IN THE WEST (5/30) – $105 million – Ted was a big hit, but now let's see if people can stand Seth MacFarland's face for a whole movie. It helps that he's recruited actors like Charlize Theron and Liam Neeson to be around.
15. THINK LIKE A MAN TOO (6/20) – $100 million – Kevin Hart is now a star, so they should boost this ensemble comedy.
16. EDGE OF TOMORROW (6/6) – $95 million – Tom Cruise's star is fading, and the final trailer didn't quite have that hook that will launch it to a smash, but it's really made more for the overseas audiences.
17. GET ON UP (8/1) – $90 million – Chadwick Boseman (42) in another bio-pic, this one of music icon James Brown, and I think this'll be the long-legged success story of August.
18. THE FAULT IN OUR STARS (6/6) – $85 million – Based on the best-selling book, buzz seems to be growing for this as it gets closer. It'll be a test if Shailene Woodley can parlay their Divergent success into legitimate stardom.
19. BLENDED (8/15) – $84 million – Adam Sandler made Grown Ups 2 a hit, so as long as it's not rated R (looking at you, That's My Boy), it'll crack the top 20 of summer, even if it sucks.
20. JUPITER ASCENDING (7/18) – $82 million – I love the risks the Wachowskis took with Cloud Atlas, but it bombed. Here comes another wholly original-looking tale, but I don't know how much of a chance audiences are willing to give it. Channing Tatum's been made up to look like Dominic Monaghan, so this could be a John Carter-sized flop.
The next ten, probably in the $50-$80 million range:
A MILLION DOLLAR ARM (5/16) – Jon Hamm scouts for potential baseball pitchers in India
JERSEY BOYS (6/20) – based on the Broadway musical about Frankie Valli
DELIVER US FROM EVIL (7/2) – Eric Bana investigates a supernatural force
THE PURGE: ANARCHY (7/18) – Sequel finds a young couple trapped outside when the Purge starts
PLANES: FIRE & RESCUE (7/18) – Cheapo sequel to last year's surprise hit
INTO THE STORM (8/8) – Tornadoes surround a small town
LUCY (8/8) – Scarlett Johansson gets super-super smart and dangerous
THE GIVER (8/15) – Based on the 1993 best-seller
EXPENDABLES 3 (8/15) – Stallone & co. for one more go-around
SIN CITY: A DAME TO KILL FOR (8/22) – Stylish sequel about six years behind schedule
Other wide releases:
MOM'S NIGHT OUT (5/9)
LEGENDS OF OZ: DOROTHY's RETURN (5/9)
EARTH TO ECHO (7/2)
SEX TAPE (7/25)
STEP UP ALL IN (7/25)
THE HUNDRED-FOOT JOURNEY (8/8)
LET'S BE COPS (8/15)
IF I STAY (8/22)
WHEN THE GAME STANDS TALL (8/22)
JANE GOT A GUN (8/29)
JESSABELLE (8/29)
THE LOFT (8/29)
39 Pages Posted: 19 Feb 2014 Last revised: 1 Apr 2014
Date Written: February 18, 2014
Abstract
The central debate in the field of neurolaw has focused on two claims. Joshua Greene and Jonathan Cohen argue that we do not have free will and that advances in neuroscience will eventually lead us to stop blaming people for their actions. Stephen Morse, by contrast, argues that we have free will and that the kind of advances Greene and Cohen envision will not and should not affect the law. I argue that neither side has persuasively made the case for or against a revolution in the way the law treats responsibility.
There will, however, be a neurolaw revolution of a different sort. It will not necessarily arise from radical changes in our beliefs about criminal responsibility but from a wave of new brain technologies that will change society and the law in many ways, three of which I describe here: First, as new methods of brain imaging improve our ability to measure distress, the law will ease limitations on recoveries for emotional injuries. Second, as neuroimaging gives us better methods of inferring people's thoughts, we will have more laws to protect thought privacy but less actual thought privacy. Finally, improvements in artificial intelligence will systematically change how law is written and interpreted.
President Donald Trump has decided to respond to Senate Republicans' failure to repeal Obamacare this week by ... claiming that they haven't failed at all.
Throughout the day on Wednesday, Trump has repeatedly claimed that Republicans “have the votes” to pass the Graham-Cassidy health care bill. However, they continued, they'd end up short if they voted this week because one supportive Republican senator happens to be sick, which means they'll miss a deadline to use the budget reconciliation process and will have to wait for next year to make another attempt.
Trump laid out their narrative in the morning on Twitter, then in a brief press gaggle on the South Lawn of the White House, and then again during a speech on tax reform they delivered in Indiana Wednesday afternoon.
With one Yes vote in hospital & very positive signs from Alaska and two others (McCain is out), we have the HCare Vote, but not for Friday! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 27, 2017
All this, though, would apparently come as news to the bill's author, Sen. Bill Cassidy (R-LA), who flatly stated that “we don't have the votes” during a press conference Tuesday.
And indeed, with Sens. John McCain (R-AZ), Rand Paul (R-KY), and Susan Collins (R-ME) all publicly opposed to the bill, it seems that Trump's claim to have the votes isn't true. At least one of them would have to get on board for the bill to pass.
There's been no indication of a deal that's won over any of them so far. It is of course possible that such a deal will eventually be cut — along with a deal that wins over Sen. Lisa Murkowski (R-AK), another holdout — but it certainly doesn't seem to have happened yet.
What is the president talking about?
Here's what Trump said during their speech on tax reform Wednesday afternoon:
We have the votes on Graham-Cassidy. But with the rules of reconciliation, we're up against a deadline of Friday, two days. That's just two days. And — yes vote senator, — we have a wonderful senator, great, great senator, who is a yes vote, but he's home recovering from a pretty tough situation. And with so many great features, including all of the block granting, the money to the states, etc., etc., our health care plan is really going to be something excellent. It's going to be better managed for the people that it serves. Having local health care representatives is far better than having health care managed from Washington, DC. Not even a contest. [Applause] And many, many governors, as you also see, have agreed with us and approved it and really look forward to running it properly. But again, because the reconciliation window is about to close, we have to wait a few months until it reopens before we take a vote. So we're getting all of the good signs from Alaska and the others to repeal and replace Obamacare. And I was hoping this would be put on my desk right after we won the election, and I'd come in and sign, but didn't work that way. And a couple of people that — I won't say anything. But early next year, when reconciliation kicks back in, in any event, long before the November election, we're going to have a vote and we're going to get that through, and I think we'll actually get it through very easily, and the time makes it easier.
As I've written, it is entirely possible that Republicans will revive their Obamacare repeal effort next year. And indeed, Trump said today that they hope to do this in January or February, after he's signed tax reform into law. (After that, the Senate can pass a new budget resolution that sets up the majority-vote budget reconciliation process for health reform again.)
That makes sense. But Trump's claim that they already have the votes is much more surprising and difficult to parse.
First off, the sick senator Trump is referring to appears to be Sen. Thad Cochran (R-MS). Though they are not in fact in the “hospital” as Trump claimed, Cochran is reportedly back home in Mississippi recovering from a “urological issue.”
Cochran's absence this week would indeed likely prove fatal to Republicans on the health bill. But neither Graham, Cassidy, nor Majority Leader Mitch McConnell pointed to Cochran's absence as pivotal — Trump appears to be the first one to mention it.
Furthermore, it seems the Senate GOP would have been short of votes even if Cochran could attend, with McCain, Paul, and Collins all opposed and Alaska's Lisa Murkowski undecided. (With Democrats united in opposition, three Republican “no” votes is enough to sink the bill.)
So why is Trump claiming that they have the votes in their pocket and was only foiled because of Cochran's absence?
One possibility is that Trump is simply exaggerating or lying to avoid looking like a failure. Perhaps they feel he'll look more effective if they claim they were a hair's breadth away from success and was only foiled by a happenstance illness completely out of their control.
A second possibility is that Trump has been given bad information about why the bill failed. Subordinates hoping to avoid a presidential tongue-lashing might claim that they were extremely close to winning over Murkowski and perhaps Paul, and that it was merely Cochran's unexpected illness that foiled them. (“We're getting all of the good signs from Alaska and the others,” Trump said.)
Finally, since they are the president of the United States and all, we should probably admit it's at least possible that there is a secret deal of some kind — perhaps a private commitment from Murkowski or Paul that they'd be supportive if a version of the bill including various provisions is brought up later, which would mean the vote truly was derailed by Cochran's illness.
This certainly doesn't seem to be the case, since it contradicts the public statements of the holdout senators, the bill's supporters, and, well, pretty much all the reporting on this so far. What appears more likely true is what everyone else is saying — they just couldn't get the votes.
The first man to pick us up, as we hitchhiked out of Launceston on our way to Cradle Mountain and down to the capital city of Hobart, had their fingernails cut into rough polygons and a lot of tools in the back of their extended cab pickup. But right away they made it clear to me (an American) and my travel companion, Remi (a Sydney native living in New York), that they didn't take kindly to insinuations that Tasmania is less culturally developed than the mainland. When I asked them what they thought distinguished Tasmanians from other Australians, they reckoned, with a smile, that “For one thing, the rest of Oz isn't worth a shit.” They then turned to Remi, and added, politely, “No offense, mate.”
From my two hours in the state—which had consisted of standing by the side of a road and eating some dry fast food chicken with a Styrofoam cup of brown gravy—I was having trouble discerning any distinction from the mainland whatsoever. The cuisine, customs, and accents seemed surprisingly similar. We'd heard it would be colder here, but the sun glowed like a white-hot coil. In Tasmania, as in the north, the roadsides are dotted with yellow signs depicting Pokemon-like creatures (cuddly wallabies, echidnas, and wombats blindly crossing the road; super-strong kangaroos overturning cars) and alarmist PSAs urging drivers to pull over every two hours to take a rest. People bemoan the latter as the work of “the nanny state,” which makes it illegal even to hang one's arm out of the driver side window. As Remi explained it, Australians love to be governed because Australians love to do reckless things, but don't want others to do the same.
Our first driver, arm brazenly dangled out the window, went on to recount a story from when he'd traveled around the mainland, working odd jobs. A group of Queenslanders had once asked what happened to their second cranium. (Tasmanians are often teased as being so deeply inbred that they suffer from polycephaly.) They responded that he'd sliced it off, boxed it up, and sent it over to the mainland so they could “sew it on to the asses where their heads should be.” Again, an apologetic glance to the backseat.
The economics of hitchhiking are simple: people pick you up, and you keep them entertained, either by stroking their egos with easy questions or providing exotic anecdotes from your travels. Nine times out of ten, for us, it was the former, which meant we found ourselves talking about the decline of the famed Tasmanian devils. (Tasmanians just call them “devils.”) The charmingly ornery little marsupials are dying of a contagious cancer that travels from snout to snout. Since 1996, the scourge has reduced their population by at least 70 percent, putting the species on a fast track to extinction.
I mentioned to one driver—a well-tanned woman in their late thirties, with the smoky voice of a barfly and a baby seat full of potato chip wrappers—that I'd read that a team of researchers had created a sperm bank to preserve the devils' DNA. They laughed that that would be one hell of a tricky job. With some regret, I punctured the thought bubble floating above their head. No, I informed her, in order to harvest the devil's seed the researchers are forced to euthanize them first.
They in turn recounted the story of a local man who was recently startled by a Copperhead slithering up their pant leg for warmth. Another driver, a kindly rancher driving a flat bed truck, dittoed the warning about snakes. The antipodean summer is their mating season, and sex apparently makes the local Copperheads and Tiger snakes irrationally aggressive. The rancher drove with one hand on the wheel, the other at turns shifting gears and pointing out the passenger side window at the scenery: a mountain that loomed like a rotten tooth, the soil all fallen away from the jagged brown dolerite; their ranch, with low yellow grass stalked by jet black Herefords; and a string of high-voltage wires, which they had strung up at their day job as an electrical technician.
A little farther along, they motioned to a grove of Eucalypt trees standing in a rectangular grid, like gravestones. They said that eight years ago, Gunns, the state's largest timber company, had proposed to build a $2.3 billion pulp mill outside of nearby Launceston, mostly to sell paper to the Japanese market, and landowners were given tax breaks to start up tree farms to feed the mill. But the state's surprisingly robust Green Party (the world's first) argued that the mill would spill dioxins into local waterways and incentivize razing old growth forests. State officials threw the brakes on the project. In an effort to appease the Greens, Gunns pledged to stop logging old-growth forests and transition to exclusively farming trees. This inspired farmers to plant even more trees and invest in even more expensive harvesting equipment. With the pulp mill still tangled up in red tape and Gunns hemorrhaging millions, those machines now sit rusting in sheds. Meanwhile, the Eucalypts keep growing, by as much as twelve feet a year, and the Tasmanian countryside looks to be landscaped with some of the world's most symmetrical forests.
Snakes, trees, devils, and also dams, vineyards, and Martin Bryant, a young man with hair like a Dogtown skater who murdered thirty-five people one day with an AR-15 machine gun. Of all these topics of conversation and others, the one that kept sprouting in the most unexpected places was a new museum in Hobart, the Museum of Old and New Art. The MONA was founded last year by David Walsh, a native Tasmanian who made millions of dollars designing computer programs for gambling and then sank the entirety of their fortune into this passion project. Walsh describes the MONA as an “un-museum,” partly because it compulsively breaks taboos of a sexual, morbid, or scatological nature. It proudly features a number of artists who have been banned by the National Gallery of Australia.
Though the un-museum courts outrage, so far it hasn't received much. (The only protest of the museum that I'm aware of was led by Brian Ritchie of the Violent Femmes, who drolly took to the streets decrying the MONA FOMA art and music festival they helped organize.) Everywhere we traveled in Tasmania, no matter how rural, someone had either been to the MONA or was intending to go. I read in the paper that the museum had become the state's top tourism attraction, with over 400,000 visitors in the last year. Forty-six percent of those visitors came from in state. Over breakfast one morning at the Hungry Wombat, a gas station café near Lake Sinclair, the owner told us they had just visited MONA on a nudist tour of the museum led by conceptual artist Stuart Ringholt. I asked them how it was. “Oh, it was lovely,” they smiled.
After finishing our breakfasts, we stepped outside and approached a spindly Canadian driving a camper van. We had a hunch they might be heading to Hobart that day, and we were right. Two-and-a-half hours later, their van pulled into the hedged rows of MONA's vineyard and up to the low-slung, modernist museum. We waved good-bye to the Canadian and queued up in front of the building. Its curved chrome façade reflected and redoubled the sun's heat. Behind us, a whimsically out-of-place synthetic grass tennis court baked and shimmered.
“If you are Tasmanian, and identify yourself as such (yes, yes, second head etc etc), you get in for free,” says the MONA website. We did not identify ourselves as such, and paid $20. We were issued two iPhones, or, as the docent called them, “O-devices.” This is the kind of racy double entendre that Walsh seems to like: O, as in The Story of; Mona as in Lisa, but also as in “one who moans.” The museum's ongoing exhibition is called Monanism.
The Os had been specially jailbroken to disable the calling features and web access, but strangely not email, so Remi and I—who had been out of email contact for six days—promptly sat down in a pair of lime green Fritz Hansen recliners and answered emails for the better part of an hour. Afterward, we descended the spiral staircase into the main gallery, which resembled the Bond-villainous lair where the WikiLeaks servers are stored in Stockholm. I couldn't help wondering if the whole museum wasn't some grand scheme by Walsh to steal our identities. (Sure enough, when I dropped off my O-device and exited the museum some four hours later, I realized I had forgotten to sign out of my Gmail account.)
Underground, we crossed a catwalk to the main gallery space. On our left, the walls had been dug from 250-million-year-old Triassic sandstone. The air was moist and cold, with a strong mineral smell, and behind that, something laboratorial and decaying. Lower down, the walls had already begun growing a swirled skin of salt crystals and flora from the moisture of our collective exhalations. Far below, the catwalk overlooked a brushed steel bar glittering with cut-glass tumblers, slices of fruit, and bottled amber. Nearby lay the source of the museum's old-refrigerator smell: Wim Delvoye's Cloaca Professional, a machine that eats turkey wraps and fruit salads from the café upstairs and excretes dry-looking turds.
We spotted a queue and blindly attached ourselves to it. The people in front of us informed us that it was for the mummy exhibit. Off to our left, an electronic poem was projected on to the sandstone. The O told me that it was called “Encyclopedia,” by Charles Sandison. It was too fuzzy to read, but maybe that was the idea.
As we neared the front of the line, I overheard the docent begin to tell a group of people how the mummy died, then stop herself. “Oh no, I don't want to ruin the surprise.” Curiosity now piqued, we urged them to tell us, but they wouldn't budge. Instead, they gave us a stern warning. “In the tomb there's some black stuff that looks like glass, but it's actually water that's been dyed black. You might step on it, because it doesn't read like water.” I thanked them for their nanny-like concern, confidently walked into the tomb's first corridor, and immediately almost stepped into the water. It had read to me like a stairway leading down into somewhere very dark.
In the main room, Andres Serrano's famous photograph of a dead man (The Morgue: Blood Transfusion Resulting In AIDS) glowed on the wall and wavered in the fluid inverse. We walked across some large granite stepping stones and up to two sarcophagi, one real, the other a rectangular video display of the same being run through a CT scan—layer after layer melting away, slowly revealing the bones of the interred. The mummy, too, it seems has died a painful death—his ribs and left arm had been crushed. This was the surprise. Walsh's installations always seem to always have one epiphanic “point,” turning their museum into a sort of video game where one moves from stage to stage, collecting what the poet-novelist Ben Lerner sardonically calls “profound experiences of art.” After I returned home, I would be able to view a 3D map on the museum's website displaying all of the exhibits I had visited. (“Gotta peruse 'em all” MONA's tagline could run.)
At one point, I was followed by the slapping flip flops of a bleached blond woman through a series of corridors upon whose walls the Epic of Gilgamesh had been inscribed in binary code. “Ooh, a maze!” exclaimed the woman behind me, veering around the corners. In each new space, as we neared the center, ambient harmonics rose in register. It was a difficult piece, ideally enjoyed by a cryptologist, perhaps, or a sentient computer. In the final space, the walls rose to a mirrored ceiling, and the harmonics built to a frenzied pitch. I stood for a moment in this dislocated space, staring up at my own staring eyes, surrounded by the coded and the arcane. The woman ducked their head in, glanced around, then called out to their boyfriend, “Nope, there's nothing going on in here, Nick. It's just a square!”
If you like this article, please subscribe to n+1.
The Reformation, 500 Years Later
Enlarge this image toggle caption Imagno/Getty Images Imagno/Getty Images
Five hundred years after a rebellious act by a single German monk divided the Christian world, religious leaders on both sides of that split have finally agreed their churches share responsibility for the historic rupture.
On Oct. 31, 1517, an outspoken university lecturer and Augustinian monk named Martin Luther posted a list of objections to the dominant Roman Catholic beliefs and practices of their time. Chief among their grievances was the church's claim that Christians could buy their way out of punishment for sin — and thus shorten their time in purgatory — by purchasing a letter of "indulgence" from their local parish. In practice, much of the money went into the pockets of corrupt local princes.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Sean Gallup/Getty Images Sean Gallup/Getty Images
Whether Luther nailed their list to the door of their hometown church, as legend has it, or simply mailed it to their archbishop is in dispute, but their "95 Theses" represented a stunning challenge to papal authority and the entire Holy Roman Empire.
The split that followed, known as the Protestant Reformation, fostered the development of religious and political freedoms in Europe but also set the stage for persecution and war. Catholic-Protestant enmity endured for centuries.
On the Reformation anniversary, however, the Lutheran Church, founded by Luther himself, and the Roman Catholic Church that rejected Luther's protest have achieved at least a partial reconciliation.
True Christians participate in all the blessings of Christ and the church, and this is granted to them by God even without indulgence letters.
"Catholics should do penance for setting the stage for the [division]," says Bishop Denis Madden of Baltimore, who heads the Committee on Ecumenical and Interreligious Affairs at the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops. "It was not out of the blue that [Luther's protest] happened. The society, the church, the way things were being done at that time, called for reform, and there were very few courts of appeal where that reform could begin."
For their part, Lutheran leaders are approaching the Reformation anniversary with comparable humility. "We've had to say that breaking up the western church was not a gift to the church," says the Rev. Elizabeth Eaton, presiding bishop of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America, the largest of the Lutheran denominations.
In fact, many of the issues that Martin Luther highlighted have since been addressed by Roman Catholic leaders. The sale of indulgence letters proved especially indefensible.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jim Pringle/Associated Press Jim Pringle/Associated Press
"True Christians," Luther wrote, "participate in all the blessings of Christ and the church, and this is granted to them by God even without indulgence letters." (Thesis 37) Such letters, they wrote, "are nets with which one fishes for the wealth of people." (Thesis 66) In 1567, Pope Pius V abolished the sale of indulgences.
It took us only 450 years to see Luther's point.
The associated theological issues were not so easily resolved. Luther had objected to the Catholic teaching that one could attain salvation through their or their own efforts, arguing instead that salvation was a gift freely given, bestowed upon all those who have faith and accept God's grace. That doctrine, which was known as "justification by grace," was resisted until the Vatican II Council largely accepted it in the 1960s.
"It took us only 450 years to see Luther's point," says Catholic scholar John Borelli of Georgetown University. "In many ways, Vatican II was Luther's council."
Roman Catholics have also accepted other Luther arguments, including their belief that people should be able to worship and read the Bible in their own language and participate freely in the Eucharist, a privilege restricted to the clergy in Luther's time.
In 2015, Eaton and Madden spearheaded the preparation of a "Declaration on the Way to Unity" that identified 32 issues on which Catholics and Lutherans were approaching convergence. A year later, on Oct. 31, 2016, Lutheran and Roman Catholic leaders held a joint ecumenical prayer service in Sweden, launching a yearlong commemoration of the Reformation. Both sides hold out hope for an agreement that would enable Lutherans and Catholics to celebrate Communion together.
"This is something that our people long for," says Eaton.
Pope Francis of the Catholic Church (center right) and the Rev. Dr. Munib Younan of the Lutheran Church (center left) lead the Joint Catholic-Lutheran Reformation Commemoration on Oct. 31, 2016. Lutheran Church of Australia YouTube
On other issues, such as the role of the pope and their bishops, the role of women in the church and same-sex marriage, significant differences remain. More work is also needed with the laity and clergy alike to promote the value of ecumenism. Some Catholics and Protestants have been slow to welcome the efforts or are opposed outright. Within Lutheranism, neither the Missouri Synod nor the Wisconsin Synod are yet willing to open their Communion table to those who do not share all their beliefs.
Government propagandists, their hired private contractors and useful idiots are creating “downvote bots” or scripts to bury stories which question the government.
Anyone who has posted news items questioning the government's version of 9/11, the government's unquestioning support for Israel, or a host of other topics has probably noticed that all of their recent stories get downvoted virtually simultaneously, which defies the laws of probability.
One free, simple scripting program to create automatic downvotes of certain topics or news posters is called “Greasemonkey”, which is commonly used on large social news sites such as Reddit.
For example, there are some 2,480 hits for the Google search site:reddit.com greasemonkey downvote. This is some 2,480 times that Reddit users are publicly admitting to using greasemonkey (see also this).
(Article continues below)
Propaganda agents obviously aren't going to publicly brag about what they are doing, and you can bet that their use of downvote bots is much greater. Moreover, they probably have more sophisticated software than Greasemonkey.
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
As one example of a publicly-available downvote bot, this script automatically downvotes any stories on 9/11, Gaza, torture, Guantanamo and a host of other topics, downvotes certain posters, and engages in other forms of cyber warfare.
I call on programmers to figure out a way to fight this cyberwarfare propaganda.
Note: Greasemonkey has valid uses as well, such as blocking pop-up ads.
Story highlights Italian navy said 40 migrants dead, more than 300 rescued
More than 2300 migrants have died in 2015 attempting to cross the Mediterranean Sea
(CNN) At least 40 migrants died attempting to cross the Mediterranean and another 312 had to be rescued, the Italian navy said after encountering their boat Saturday.
Additional details about how the 40 died were not immediately available.
The navy said that it had transferred the survivors to the Norwegian supply ship Siem Pilot, which is patrolling the central Mediterranean as part of the ongoing European Union effort to assist seafaring migrants.
Last month the Siem Pilot ferried 785 migrants safely to port after the Italian coast guard rescued them from a wooden boat and a rubber dinghy off the Libyan coast.
Saturday's episode is the latest in a string of disasters in the Mediterranean in what has been a deadly year for migrants at sea.
Read More
The Center For Disease Control is not only tasked with preventing Ebola outbreaks, and serving as a backdrop for The Walking Dead episodes. The federal agency is tasked with teaching us about healthy living, including defining so-called Powerhouse Fruits and Vegetables. PFVs are attributed with preventing all kinds of diseases and broadly defined as “green leafy, yellow/orange, citrus and cruciferous items,” as noted in a study released earlier this week. So what does it all mean? Well…
Also see: Why You Should Never, Ever Wash Raw Chicken. Here's Why.
The study, conducted by Jennifer Di Noia of William Paterson University, looked at 17 important nutrients naturally occuring in food (fiber, protein, potassium, vitamin A, B12, D) and calculated how much of those nutrients were found in a 100-calorie serving. The results are interesting. Watercress ranks as the most nutrient-rich vegetable, while other leafy greens like chard, chicory and lettuce rank well. Turnips, sweet potatoes and grapefruits performed worse. That said, any quantity of vegetables is better than the alternative.
Designing a relatable non-player character for games isn't easy: As proposed in our " save your own damn world " post, NPCs and game stories in general can take a back seat to the mechanics-focused button-fest of modern design, sacrificing the emotive connection that is required to delve into a story.
How, then, does a designer encourage an emotional connection that helps players relate to NPCs? Why should the player care about these NPCs? What makes them memorable? Well, the plain truth is that it all comes down to what writers put into them. If the world is filled with bland, lifeless, purposeless NPCs, the players WILL notice and they WILL secretly hate it, no matter how deep under the pile of strategy and mechanics they've buried emotion. Nobody likes talking to nameless blacksmith who is in their or their stall at all times, looks like a stereotypical blacksmith (you know the one: Male, beard, big belly), and only says "What say you, adventurer?" or "Care to browse my wares?" As gamers, we absolutely enjoy an interaction with Jordan the blacksmith, who possesses a thick, booming, powerful voice and has a penchant for forgetting where they placed their hammer. Games with an expansive scope can't realistically design each NPC's life story -- but that's not necessary, either; a few quirks (whether they're built into the shop, the dialogue, or the items sold) can go a long way toward memorability.
Dragon Age: Origins' Morrigan has a dark past, but they hide behind cynisism.
For those that have tried to explain where something is located in a game -- especially when the name escapes them -- this is particularly familiar: "Where did you get that armor?" one player might ask, "That blacksmith that always forgets their hammer," the other could answer.
Do you see the difference? The above is an unexceptional example, but shows that with a little bit more time comes great potential for player interaction. Detailing a character's personality, physical appearance, place of residence, or general quirkiness (we call this "fleshing out," in the tabletop RPG world) can yield a highly-memorable, hallmark person - not just a script-controlled robot. Our overview game character template helps provide some basic differentiations for those looking for a bit of guidance.
NPCs must be treated -- yes, even those who lack definitive purpose in the game other than as a backdrop -- with some degree of care. Those NPCs in their world have lives they are living and should make some effort to show that. Bethesda and other games have done a great job with pathing and daily habits: NPCs wandering the streets might go home for the night or might be in conversation with others, they might move about the space to make it feel more real, or even remain forever entombed by their own introversion, preferring back alleys over main streets. The level of immersion and realism emitted by a locale populated with NPCs who at least seem to have lives, even if - mechanically speaking - they don't, can turn a 'computer player' into an individual. One common approach to this is to separate dialects, colors, tonalities, and mood from town-to-town. A city's dwellers might feel vibrant, hopeful, and bombastic while its neglected and frequently-raided township could be dark, morbid, and submissive.
Now, what about those dastardly NPCs that must be fleshed out? You know - the ones that the player interacts with for quests or story? Here's where things start to get interesting: Each of those characters needs extra layers to prevent holes in intricately-woven stories and to add the proper mood of specific interactions (Does the NPC evoke a feeling of urgency or dormancy?). If the player tends to favor a particular shopkeeper -- whether monetarily, atmospherically, or personally -- they'll be that much more attached when the shopkeeper has a tiny underlying story. A confession stowed away under the floorboard, a playful idiocy, or a coin-pinching, "money, money, money" feel will go miles to make players actually care when that shopkeeper “disappears” and we're given a quest to go find them: "Why should I care? They were great for business, but there are other shopkeepers. Besides, I have to finish this other quest first." No sense of urgency, whether the game mechanically punishes a player or not, is indicative of lackluster or non-existent story. Without a story, without some reason for existing, it becomes just another “well, I saved them because the game told me to,” scenario. Queue game burnout and laziness, the root-cause of video game abandonment.
In many cases, providing just a little bit of extra information is the sure ticket to making a character believable. They don't need to have pages-upon-pages of family history (though it is so cool in Dwarf Fortress), but just a small push. Give the NPC a quirk -- crazy hair, a crooked nose, or near-deafness that prompts a constant "WHAT DID YOU SAY?" -- or just flesh out their lives a little bit. Maybe our asupervisorstioned blacksmith misplaces their hammer because they grew up sheltered (not needing any protection), and has secretly never slain all those dragons, goblins, and giants that they brag about. Maybe, after all, they spent all their time in the smithy and has never, ever drawn blood from an enemy.
Physical or mental quirks work especially well for characters that the players interact with but have no reason to feel emotionally connected. It is merely to make the character more relatable to their place in the game's culture and societal hierarchy.
Does this lighting make me look cool? No? How 'bout over here?
PC's backgrounds are just as important as NPCs.
Let's try another example, but this time with a female mercenary instead of the blacksmith: Why did the merc choose that profession? What about their personality tells you they would be good at it? Do they even have a family? If they're alive, how often do they get to see them? Do they have any quirks/mental ticks/habits that the players will notice? Or, simply enough, tell me their damn name. By answering questions like this, designers can create a unique individual, not a vanilla, backdrop, "I'm here to not make this place look deserted" that players will readily ignore. NPCs for the sake of having NPCs could damage the atmosphere more than it helps it if they aren't imbued with life. We've covered topics like this previously from a world design perspective, and despite mechanical differences, world/level design and character design share disciplines. Our "imbue your dungeon with mythology" article gives some further philosophy behind all of this.
But, after all of this, what about those really important NPCs? What should we expect with the big bad evil guy (BBEG) or the player character's closest allies -- what do we do with them? My advice in the above paragraph just isn't going to cut it here; these characters should receive almost as much attention as the main character (and in some rare, game-specific cases, more). The level of excitement from player-character creation to, perhaps, ten hours of gameplay later is horrifyingly different. We might initially create "Rafael the trickster," hoping to stick to a thief-like playstyle, but inevitably cave to a "charge in and get it over with" approach. A lot of this degradation of design investment stems from a sensory-neutral environment; as in the real world, we need to have our senses and emotions stimulated with input to be more than an "ugly bag of mostly water." Give the player someone to interact with on a regular basis and focus attention heavily on those core companions. That said, the frequent interaction needn't be of the same alignment -- having a recurring and innovative enemy can go miles toward provoking some new ideas from the player (similar to our "handholding: let me have the idea" design rant).
Now, I'm not saying ignore the main character and work only on NPCs - not in the least. The main character needs to be fully-fleshed out or the plot will collapse upon itself – even in Skyrim, where the ability to act freely can divert attention from any story whatsoever. The player must be given the tools to flesh out their character, though; these don't have to be programmed sliders and fancy dialogue hierarchies, but a solid backdrop and dedicated "where do you stand?" reminder will encourage player-investment without going over budget. Let the player make their own fun, if necessary.
To fully realize an NPC the player will relate to, designers must first give them a purpose. Dom from Gears of War 3 is a perfect, semi-templated example of this:  They are looking for their wife who the locusts have taken, and after finding her, goes on a path of vengeance against them. How many people would have given a second thought to Dom -- beyond their guns -- if this back-story hadn't existed? Not a one. No one would have cared in the least about him, but because the designers took the time to explore their personality, they were able to pull together a cohesive NPC that players ended up feeling a real connection to. Their strengths, their weaknesses, their reason for fighting the locusts, their moral standards - they all make sense.
Why do the characters act the way they do? What are their overall goals, to what lengths will they go to achieve those goals, and what will they accept in the meantime? What angers them, what makes them happy? Speaking directly to designers, for a moment, I'd advise that you treat this character as if you are meeting a person in real life. Have an “interview” with the character where you flesh-out all the meaty details hidden in your own mind as you pursue this character and take the time to get to know them. By doing so, you will be giving the character a life of their own in your game, and creating a character that people will love, hate, find intriguing, and most of all be able to relate to and understand.
Mordin was a seemingly comical character, but when pressed they shared their internal conflict with Shepard, allowing people to see their moral afflictions.
Even bad guys have reasons for what they do, and many feel justified in their path or that their choices are somehow morally acceptable. Some may be evil for the sake of evilness, but were a Bond-like villain to exist in the real-world, they'd most likely feel appropriate in their actions. Something triggered that socially-perceived 'evilness.' Remember, perception is key: Orcs might think we're just as evil as "we" think they are. A fantastic resource I have come to use when creating characters that I want an extremely high amount of detail from is this website, which has a list of 100 questions to ask any character, and while it was made for tabletop RPG's, I've found it works for any character creation.
In truth, there is no set formula to make a good character; it all comes down to what time and effort you take to get to know who they are and what they do. If you just make characters without a background, without a purpose, and without desires, they will be bland, lifeless constructs merely there to move the “storyline.” Players will not respond to it and, no matter how good the mechanics are, most will probably walk away feeling like something was definitely missing from the game that so many hours went into making. Emptiness. "Well, that was a waste of time" is just about the most offensive a game can be.
Designers, take the time to get to know your creations and they will reward you with a new, exciting, and relatable NPC whom players will remember.
-Adam "Epsilon12" Davis.
Mechanical respirator
A negative pressure ventilator, also known as iron lung (colloquialism) or pulmotor (generic trademark), is a nearly-obsolete mechanical respirator which enables a person to breathe on their own in a normal manner, when muscle control is lost, or the work of breathing exceeds the person's ability, as may result from certain diseases (e.g. poliomyelitis, botulism) and certain poisons (e.g. barbiturates, tubocurarine).
Examples of the device include both the Drinker respirator, the Emerson respirator, and the Both (or Emerson-Drinker) respirator. The negative form of pressure ventilation (decreasing surrounding pressure to induce inhalation then repressurizing to 1 bar (15 psi; 750 mmHg)) has been almost entirely superseded by positive pressure ventilation (forcing air into the lungs with a pressure greater than 1 bar then allowing the body to naturally exhale before repeating) or negative pressure cuirass ventilation.
Method and use [ edit ]
Humans, like most mammals, breathe by negative pressure breathing:[1] the rib cage expands and the diaphragm contracts, expanding the chest cavity. This causes the pressure in the chest cavity to decrease, and the lungs expand to fill the space. This, in turn, causes the pressure of the air inside the lungs to decrease (it becomes negative, relative to the atmosphere), and air flows into the lungs from the atmosphere: inhalation. When the diaphragm relaxes, the reverse happens and the person exhales. If a person loses part or all of the ability to control the muscles involved, breathing becomes difficult or impossible.
The person using the iron lung is placed into the central chamber, a cylindrical steel drum. An opening allowing the head and neck to remain outside is then sealed off, forming an air-tight compartment enclosing the rest of the person's body from the neck down.[2] Pumps that control airflow periodically decrease and increase the air pressure within the chamber, and thus, on the chest.[3] When the pressure is below that within the lungs, the lungs expand and atmospheric pressure pushes air from outside the chamber in via the person's nose and airways to keep the lungs filled; when the pressure goes above that within the lungs, the reverse occurs, and air is expelled.[4] In this manner, the iron lung mimics the physiological action of breathing: by periodically altering intrathoracic pressure, it causes air to flow in and out of the lungs. The iron lung is also a form of non-invasive therapy.[5]
Invention and early use [ edit ]
Iron lung from the 1950s in the Gütersloh Town Museum . In Germany, fewer than a dozen of these breathing machines are available to the public.
In 1670, English scientist John Mayow came up with the idea of external negative pressure ventilation. Mayow built a model consisting of bellows and a bladder to pull in and expel air.[6] The first negative pressure ventilator was described by Scottish physician John Dalziel in 1832. Successful use of similar devices was described a few years later. Early prototypes included a hand-operated bellows-driven "Spirophore" designed by Dr Woillez of Paris (1876),[7] and an airtight wooden box designed specifically for the treatment of polio by Dr Stueart of South Africa (1918). Stueart's box was sealed at the waist and shoulders with clay and powered by motor-driven bellows.[8] The first of these devices to be widely used however was developed in 1928 by Drinker and Shaw of the United States.[9] The iron lung, often referred to in the early days as the "Drinker respirator", was invented by Philip Drinker (1894–1972) and Louis Agassiz Shaw, Jr., professors of industrial hygiene at the Harvard School of Public Health.[10][11][12][13] The machine was powered by an electric motor with air pumps from two vacuum cleaners. The air pumps changed the pressure inside a rectangular, airtight metal box, pulling air in and out of the lungs.[14]
The first clinical use of the Drinker respirator on a human was on 12 October 1928, at the Boston Children's Hospital in the US.[11][15] The subject was an eight-year-old girl who was nearly dead as a result of respiratory failure due to polio.[13] Them dramatic recovery, within less than a minute of being placed in the chamber, helped popularize the new device.[12]
Boston manufacturer Warren E. Collins began production of the iron lung that year.[16][17] Although it was initially developed for the treatment of victims of coal gas poisoning, it was most famously used in the mid-20th century for the treatment of respiratory failure caused by poliomyelitis.[10]
Danish physiologist August Krogh, upon returning to Copenhagen in 1931 from a visit to New York where they saw the Drinker machine in use, constructed the first Danish respirator designed for clinical purposes. Krogh's device differed from Drinker's in that its motor was powered by water from the city pipelines. Krogh also made an infant respirator version.[18]
In 1931, John Haven Emerson (5 February 1906 – 4 February 1997) introduced and improved upon a less expensive iron lung.[19][20] The Emerson iron lung had a bed that could slide in and out of the cylinder as needed, and the tank had portal windows which allowed attendants to reach in and adjust limbs, sheets, or hot packs.[14] Drinker and Harvard University sued Emerson, claiming they had infringed on patent rights. Emerson defended themselves by making the case that such lifesaving devices should be freely available to all.[14] Emerson also demonstrated that every aspect of Drinker's patents had been published or used by others at earlier times. Since an invention must be novel to be patentable, prior publication/use of the invention meant it was not novel and therefore unpatentable. Emerson won the case, and Drinker's patents were declared invalid.
The United Kingdom's first iron lung was designed in 1933 by Robert Henderson, an Aberdeen doctor. Henderson had seen a demonstration of the Drinker respirator in the early 1930s, and built a device of their own upon their return to Scotland. Four weeks after its construction, the Henderson respirator was used to save the life of a 10-year-old boy from New Deer, Aberdeenshire, who was suffering from poliomyelitis. Despite this success, Henderson was reprimanded for secretly using hospital facilities to build the machine.[21][22]
Both respirator [ edit ]
A Both cabinet respirator being used to treat a patient at the 110th Australian Military Hospital in 1943
The Both respirator, a negative pressure ventilator, was invented in 1937 when Australia's epidemic of poliomyelitis created an immediate need for more ventilating machines to compensate for respiratory paralysis. Although the Drinker model was effective and saved lives, its widespread use was hindered by the fact that the machines were very large, heavy (about 102 kg), bulky, and expensive. In the US, an adult machine cost about $2000 in 1930, and £2000 delivered to Melbourne in 1936. The cost in Europe in the mid-1950s was around £1500. Consequently, there were few of the Drinker devices in Australia and Europe.[23]
The South Australia Health Department asked Adelaide brothers Edward and Don Both to create an inexpensive "iron lung".[24] Biomedical engineer Edward Both designed and developed a cabinet respirator made of plywood that worked similarly to the Drinker device, with the addition of a bi-valved design which allowed temporary access to the patient's body.[23] Far cheaper to make (only £100) than the Drinker machine, the Both Respirator also weighed less and could be constructed and transported more quickly.[23][25] Such was the demand for the machines that they were often used by patients within an hour of production.[26]
Both-Nuffield iron lung display at the Thackray Medical Museum , Leeds. Pictures show assembly at the Morris motor works
Visiting London in 1938 during another polio epidemic, Both produced additional respirators there which attracted the attention of William Morris (Lord Nuffield), a British motor manufacturer and philanthropist. Nuffield, intrigued by the design, financed the production of approximately 1700 machines at their car factory in Cowley, and donated them to hospitals throughout all parts of Britain and the British Empire.[26] Soon, the Both-Nuffield respirators were able to be produced by the thousand at about one-thirteenth the cost of the American design.[24] By the early 1950s, there were over 700 Both-Nuffield iron lungs in the United Kingdom, but only 50 Drinker devices.[27]
Modern usage [ edit ]
Staff in a Rhode Island hospital are examining a patient in an iron lung tank respirator during a polio epidemic in Rhode Island in 1960. The iron lung encased the thoracic cavity in an air-tight chamber used to create a negative pressure around the thoracic cavity, thereby causing air to enter the lungs to equalize intrapulmonary pressure
Rows of iron lungs filled hospital wards at the height of the polio outbreaks of the 1940s and 1950s, helping children and adults (mostly children) with bulbar polio and bulbospinal polio. A polio patient with paralyzed lungs could spend up to a week inside an iron lung.[28]
Polio vaccination programs have virtually eradicated new cases of poliomyelitis in the United States. Because of this, and the development of modern ventilators, and widespread use of tracheal intubation and tracheotomy, the iron lung has mostly disappeared from modern medicine. In 1959, there were 1,200 people using tank respirators in the United States, but by 2004 there were only 39.[29] By 2014, there were only 10 people left with an iron lung.[30]
Positive pressure ventilation systems are now more common than negative pressure systems. Positive pressure ventilators work by blowing air into the patient's lungs via intubation through the airway; they were used for the first time in Blegdams Hospital, Copenhagen, Denmark, during a polio outbreak in 1952.[31][32] It proved a success and soon superseded the iron lung throughout Europe.
The iron lung now has a marginal place in modern respiratory therapy. Most patients with paralysis of the breathing muscles use modern mechanical ventilators that push air into the airway with positive pressure. These are generally efficacious and have the advantage of not restricting patients' movements or caregivers' ability to examine the patients as significantly as an iron lung does. However, negative pressure ventilation is a truer approximation of normal physiological breathing and results in more normal distribution of air in the lungs. It may also be preferable in certain rare conditions, such as central hypoventilation syndrome, in which failure of the medullary respiratory centers at the base of the brain results in patients having no autonomic control of breathing. At least one reported polio patient, Dianne Odell, had a spinal deformity that caused the use of mechanical ventilators to be contraindicated.[33] There are patients who today still use the older machines, often in their homes, despite the occasional difficulty of finding the various replacement parts.[34] Joan Headley of Post-Polio Health International said that as of May 28, 2008, there were about 30 patients in the U.S. still using an iron lung.[35] That figure may be inaccurately low; Houston alone had 19 iron lung patients living at home in 2008.[36] Martha Mason of Lattimore, North Carolina, died on May 4, 2009, after spending 60 of their 72 years in an iron lung.[37]
On 30 October 2009, June Middleton of Melbourne, Australia, who had been entered in the Guinness Book of Records as the person who spent the longest time in an iron lung, died aged 83, having spent more than 60 years in their iron lung.[38]
In 2013, the Post-Polio Health International (PHI) organizations estimated that there were only six to eight iron lung users in the United States; as of 2017 its executive director knew of none. Press reports then emerged, however, of at least three (perhaps the last three)[39] users of such devices,[40] sparking interest amongst those in the makerspace community such as Naomi Wu[41] in the manufacture of the obsolete components, particularly the gaskets.[42] Another is retired lawyer Paul Alexander, 72, of Dallas.[43]
Biphasic cuirass ventilation [ edit ]
Biphasic cuirass ventilation (BCV) is a modern development of the iron lung, consisting of a wearable rigid upper-body shell (a cuirass) which functions as a negative pressure ventilator. The ventilation is biphasic because the cuirass is attached to a pump which actively controls both the inspiratory and expiratory phases of the respiratory cycle. This method is a modern improvement of 'negative pressure ventilation' (NPV), which could only control inspiratory breathing, relying on passive recoil for exhalation. BCV was developed by Dr Zamir Hayek, a pioneer in the field of assisted ventilation. Some of Dr Hayek's previous inventions include the Hayek Oscillator, an early form of the technology.
References [ edit ]
It's official: The Matt Cassel era is back.
Crennel confirms Cassel will start for #Chiefs at QB vs. Chargers — Adam Teicher (@adamteicher) October 30, 2012
The Chiefs rarely do well in San Diego so this move probably won't affect much. Brady Quinn didn't look much better than Cassel in their time as the Chiefs quarterback and Cassel turns it over like crazy so I'm not looking forward to this game very much.
Whether it's Cassel or Quinn, the key to the game against the Chargers remains the same -- run the ball. Jamaal Charles only had five carries last week -- eight total touches -- so that will have to change dramatically if the Chiefs are going to have a chance.
The next question after this is who starts for the team when Quinn is healthy. We're assuming it's Quinn -- that's what Romeo has said in the past -- but we won't know until Week 10 hits.
Former NSA Director Jokes About Putting Snowden On A 'Kill List,' Says They 'Hopes' NSA Is Involved In Targeted Killings
from the Elmer-FUD-declares-it-'HUMAN-SEASON' dept
Former NSA director Michael Hayden may be a sociopath. Actually, their behavior (and the NSA in general) is slightly more aligned with Antisocial Personality Disorder, defined as such:
Antisocial personality disorder is a mental health condition in which a person has a long-term pattern of manipulating, exploiting, or violating the rights of others. This behavior is often criminal.
Hayden noted that Snowden has been nominated for a European human rights award.
"I must admit, in my darker moment over the past several months, I'd also thought of nominating Mr. Snowden, but it was for a different list"
The audience laughed, and Rep. Mike Rogers (R-Mich.), chairperson of the House Intelligence Committee who was also on the panel, responded, "I can help you with that."
Michael Hayden, a former director of the National Security Agency, defended the government's use of targeted killings on Thursday.
"Yes, we do targeted killings, and I certainly hope they make full use of the capacities of the National Security Agency when we do that..."
Hayden made the comment in response to a question from the audience about an investigation by journalists Glenn Greenwald and Jeremy Scahill into the NSA's alleged role in assassinations.
So far, compliant courts , laxcompliant oversight and secret interpretations of the law have made sure Hayden's actions never strayed into "criminal" territory during their tenure at the NSA. Now that he's no longer in charge (but still relevant!), their mouth is running overtime.In a panel discussion about cybersecurity hosted by the Washington Post, Hayden attempted to make a lighthearted joke about killing someone This list would be the one where the government decides you need to die. Just a little dark humor, certainly notinappropriate, given Hayden's limited powers as thehead of the NSA. Of course, the head of the House Intelligence Committee couldn't help but chime in and make it totally inappropriate.Hilarity ensued, as they say. Yes, Mike Rogers, the man who has transformed themselves into Chief Flack and Shill for the NSA during their tenure as the head of House Intelligence Committee, had to try and top it, and now comes out looking even more venal and misanthropic than usual.Hayden followed up this "punchline" to offer even more approval of government-ordained killing Fantastic. Hayden pointed out that the US government doesn't do(let's see what Greenwald's investigation turns up, shall we?), but is perfectly entitled to do "targeted killings" because the nation is "at war." Interesting justification, seeing as the nation has been "at war" with both drugs and terrorism for years now, which means that targeted killings have been and will continue to be "fully justified" for as long as those "battles" rage. These "wars" have already been used to excuse all sorts of behavior US citizens object to, like mass domestic surveillance and inland "border" checkpoints As for "targeted," the bodies of dozens of civilians in Pakistan and Afghanistan would beg to differ. Except they can't.So, while the leaks keep leaking on and documents keep being pried from the grasp of government agencies by non-governmental agenciesinterested in protecting Americans' rights, the justifications are wearing thinner and thinner.And if Hayden's statements are indicative of the mindset of those in the upper echelon of US intelligence, it's more than simply chilling. It's horrifying.
Filed Under: ed snowden, michael hayden, mike rogers, nsa, nsa surveillance, targeted killing
When you elect a president, you're counting on someone you can trust to fight for you, who you can trust to do what they say they're going to do, who you can trust to make sure that when something unexpected happens they or they are going to be thinking about your family, your future. Trust matters.
According to Obama, how you vote this election all boils down to the question of whom you trust. It is a question of whether you trust them or that "shape-shifting" Romney. Unlike Romney, Obama claims they mean and does what they say .
Certainly President Obama has zeroed in on a crucial and even pivotal condition for voting for a president. If Romney can't be trusted to do or at least try to do what they say, how can you vote for the man? Such a man is devious and untrustworthy. Unlike Romney, Obama claims you can trust them to do what they say they will do and they have the record to prove it, "Iowa, you know me. You know that I say what I mean. And I mean what I say."
And just for starters here is some proof.
They said transparency would be the hallmark of their presidency:
My Administration is committed to creating an unprecedented level of openness in Government. We will work together to ensure the public trust and establish a system of transparency, public participation, and collaboration. Openness will strengthen our democracy and promote efficiency and effectiveness in Government.
Think passing ObamaCare at midnight on Christmas Eve. Think Benghazi. Think Fast and Furious.
On Wednesday morning, the president opted to stonewall the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee's efforts to obtain documents related to Operation Fast and Furious, which facilitated the transportation of thousands of firearms across the southern border, where they were handed off to Mexican drug cartels with the foreknowledge of some top DOJ officials.
They said they would kick the lobbyists out of government. "Lobbyists won't find a job in my White House." There are more ex-lobbyists working for the Obama administration than in the Bush administration.
They said would cut the deficit in half. "Today, I'm pledging to cut the deficit we inherited in half by the end of my first term in office."
They said they would create five million green energy jobs. Even Bloomberg Businessweek choked on that.
They said that, unlike Bush, they would end the pernicious use of signing statements to make end-runs around Congress. "We're not going to use signing statements to do an end-run around Congress."
They said they would be the most fiscally conservative president since Eisenhower. Yet OMB records show that in inflation-adjusted constant 2005 dollars, there are only four years since 1940 when the federal deficit exceeded $1 trillion. Those four fiscal years were 2009, 2010, 2011, and 2012.
They said that ObamaCare would not add one dime to our deficits.
They said they would create the best education system in the world right here in the United States and that they would work with colleges and universities to keep tuition low.
They said their presidency would usher in a new era of civility and the end of ethnic divisiveness. And they just recently called Romney a "bulls****er."
Obama's trust record has gotten so bad that one of America's foremost economists and political analysts, Thomas Sowell, who generally eschews hyperbole, refers to Obama as "America's Deceiver in Chief." And here is a great Ramirez visual of the Obama trust record.
Trust, Mr. President? Good luck with that Hail Mary.
THE PSYCHIC LURE
You've just met—the fireworks are exploding, sparks are flying and the butterflies are looping in your stomach. The man of your dreams! He's sweet, caring, everything you could ever want. He's perfect, except... he's blonde, the psychic said brunette, or their eyes are brown and the psychic said green and he's short, the psychic said tall, so the romance is over before it begins. That man could have been your soul mate, but the psychic told you differently! Your brain has hit shuffle on the back catalogue; a random song from the 70's has popped into your mind, 'bye bye baby bye bye.' Time to keep searching for Mr. Tall, Dark and Handsome.
When should you trust your gut instinct instead of listening to a spiel the so-called psychic has told you and, more than likely, 20 women before you?
CAN THE WORDS OF A PSYCHIC INFLUENCE YOUR THOUGHTS?
YOUR CHOICES? YOUR DESTINY?
Psychics make big dollars; it's a lucrative industry. Is it entirely possible that a psychic has special powers and can actually see the future? This opens a can of worms for the sceptics among us, of which I am not one. I believe there are good and bad psychics, just like mechanics, hairdressers or tradespeople. There are ones that actually can do what they say and others that will just rob you blind.
One such example is convicted felon 'Psychic' Rose Marks, who was imprisoned for defrauding more than $17.8 million from clients of their family's fortune-telling business. They recently lost an appeal of their criminal convictions, the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals upholding the felony convictions and ruling the restitution they were ordered to pay was appropriate. The appeals court also ruled the 10-year prison term was reasonable. Looks like they will need a new crystal ball. Where does that leave their clients? Have they been living lies? Travelling down the wrong path has lead to a lot of destruction. But if their predictions were true, why couldn't they see that coming for them clients?
WHAT IS THE LURE OF A PHYSIC ?
Everyone has a burning question they desperately need to know the answer to, and doesn't it make the decision easier to rely on someone else's guidance? What if someone could just shake a magic eight ball and presto! Or is visiting a psychic giving away your power of choice? Are you no longer deciding your own destiny by following their predictions? In effect, you are allowing someone else to control your fate and manipulate your destiny. How would you ever know if what the psychic is saying is effectively a better path, an easier road?
But on the other hand, what if their words were true and they could see the future? Ditching the short blonde guy could save you years of heartache and avoid a messy divorce.
This is exactly the conundrum the lead character faces in my new fiction novel, Can't Fight Fate. The psychic told them the man of their dreams; their soul mate, will have green eyes. And really, nobody knows this feeling better than me, because at the age of 21, I was them The psychic reading in the book is that actual reading.
Over the years, I have visited a lot amazingly talented psychics and mediums, in addition to being on the receiving end of the manipulation by what I like to refer to as 'psychic vampires.' There's a whole chapter in the book dedicated to them. Don't get psychics and mediums mixed up either; these are completely different abilities, although mediums sometimes have psychic abilities, usually revealed under the guise of a dead relative or friend. Like I have said earlier, I am a believer, seeking the services of many different psychics in the past. Most have told me of possibilities to change my life for the better. After readings by several big name psychics, many of their predictions have been undeniably true. However, I would definitely be wary of any psychic that is asking you to hand over large sums of money.
With psychic readings, where do you draw the imaginary line in the sand? Do you pass up what could be the love of your life for what you have been told could happen? Only the person with that choice at hand would know.
It ain't always sunny in Colorado, and not every octogenarian karaokes to Frank Sinatra. On Tuesday night's season premiere of America's Got Talent, 82-year-old John Hetlinger proved both of those points with their audition.
Hetlinger, of Broomfield, took the stage before the studio audience and the panel of celebrity judges, including Simon Cowell, who asked a series of innocuous questions about the contestant's background. Hetlinger, a former Navy pilot who worked in aerospace engineering and was program manager of the instrument that repaired the Hubble Telescope, said that they started singing karaoke when they retired about fifteen years ago.
While the panel of judges smiled panderingly at Hetlinger's hiked-up khakis and toucan-emblazoned collared shirt, they cued the band. Their performance — of hard-rock band Drowning Pool's 2001 hit "Bodies" — made jaws, well, hit the floor. (And Nick Cannon's face look like this.)
Republican National Committee convention rules committee member Randy Evans predicted Wednesday that Donald Trump will become the nominee if they win 1,100 delegates, because unbound delegates and delegates released by candidates who have dropped out of the race will get them to the required 1,237 number.
In an interview on MSNBC's “Morning Joe,” Evans said, “What I do expect is this: Is that if Donald Trump exceeds 1,100 votes they will become the nominee, even though they may not have 1,237.”
“If they get less than 1,000 delegates, then I think we're looking at contested convention that could go on for many, many days,” they continued.
However, if Trump is “in the middle, that gray area between 1,000 and 1,100 … that's where the unbound delegates or the delegates that have been released by other candidates come into play to see if there are enough of those to get either Cruz or Trump over the finish line. Now we won't know that until we get past California in June.”
Of the current candidates, Trump currently has 743 delegates, Sen. [crscore]Ted Cruz[/crscore] has 545 delegates and Gov. John Kasich has 143.
Sen. [crscore]Marco Rubio[/crscore], who has dropped out, has 169 delegates.
Follow Steve on Twitter and Facebook
“Destiny Fellas, Here We Come”- Peter Van De Burgt, FSU Coach
The Finals: University of South Carolina (2) vs. Florida State University (6)
Florida State University showed that they were deeper than any team at Joint Summit Classic, by going deeper in the tournament than anyone else. While South Carolina had their chances off of FSU turnovers, the Demented Ultimate Freaks showed their defensive tenacity on nearly every point, every cut, and won 13-10. Florida State was the only team to consistently produce D's throughout the tournament, giving their offense numerous second and third chances to convert.
South Carolina showcased a talented squad of only 12 men, reaching the finals on the deep
hucks by 6'3” Jacob Evans. Evans' favorite target throughout the tournament was number 22 (would love to get the names of these guys), who seemed to be able to turn on the afterburners time and time again. In the first half of the game this was the connection that kept USC on serve until FSU broke away 8-5. Peter Van De Burgt kept the “fire on high”, insuring that their player's relentless D wouldn't back down.
The Gamecocks were run ragged by the athletic depth of the opposition, and could be found doubled over with their hands on their knees at stoppages in the second half. FSU had mistakes that USC could have capitalized on but every time plays were made by Nick Fletcher, Randy Barcelo, and numerous others. USC cut the lead to one with hard cap looming. After a quick Florida State score, USC rushed to the line down two attempting to get the next point before cap was set. Yours truly predicted the play, Jacob Evans up the line to dish a huck deep to number 22. The disc went up low, and an FSU defender jumped up to swat it to the ground. A quick transition led to the final blow and Florida State took home the $500.
I spoke with Nick Fletcher, captain of DUF, after the game. They were proud to win one for FSU for the first time in a year. “We made a lot of improvements and did a lot of work through the winter after playing badly in the fall”, and I agree, FSU at Joint Summit would trounce FSU at UOA ACCs. Congrats to the Freaks, and keep working hard.
Semi Finals: ECU (1) vs. USC (2) and W&M (7) vs. FSU (6)
ECU (1) vs. USC (2)
The one and two seeds of the tournament met up in the semi finals, with a controversial
ending. Early on featured a huck fest with the prior mentioned duo of Jacob Evans to “After Burners” number 22 for USC, and Joey Cretella to any other ECU player cutting deep. South Carolina likes to run a vertical based horizontal stack offense often centered around . Rather than have slashing diagonal cuts through the middle of the field, the ho was used to stretch the defense going directly in and out the majority of the time. The teams traded points early on, with ECU's Mark Saba extending their body on a low flying up the line grab to tie the game at 4.
ECU's youthful throwaways gave the Gamecocks opportunities throughout the game. Taking advantage of a rare Cretella throw going out of the back of the end zone, USC rattled off four points to take half. With the score 5-4, an errant arching huck got tipped to a waiting USC player on the right sideline. As if it was planned, the cutter wasted no time leading a teammate with a slow floating flick to go up 6-4.
ECU battled back after half with two points, including a perfectly placed backhand huck
from Cretella to the goal line. USC's speed was showcased, including a layout by “After Burners” for a disc out the back just because “He saw me writing stuff down”. Joking aside, the deep game pushed the Gamecocks out what seemed to be an insurmountable lead at 11-6.
Using a well designed vertical stack and good coaching by Eric Martin, the ECU Irates never gave up. Joey Cretella continued putting the disc deep to the young athletic cutters, specifically number 19, bringing them back in the game. When a deep shot wasn't available, the disc was often swung to Chris Motsinger or Joey Saba as the Irates spread the field. The offense took advantage of horizontal space made available from a vertical stack. The inexperience showed as the majority of their turnovers were due to throwaways.
After coming within one point of tying the game, ECU's comeback hopes were drowned when the TD ruled that the hard cap had been placed on the previous point. The Irates were frustrated as the cap had not been announced until the score was 11-10. While Clemson put on a successful tournament, this was an area needing improvement. There were no horns used to announced caps and as a result the games often put the cap on at different times. The defending champions walked away one point away from a shot at the title game after being down 11-6.
W&M (7) vs. FSU (6)
This game started chippy, and stayed chippy throughout the game with numerous tense arguments when discussing fouls. Florida State had difficult converting on turns, with both teams having a tremendous amount of turnovers. William and Mary found the end zone early on play from John Houghton and Acie Craft building a 4-2 lead. “No No” Norris gave DUF some momentum with a sky high grab to bring the score within 1. FSU's relenting defense that had shown throughout the tournament continued to shine.
William and Mary showed great offensive flow off of vertical and horizontal stacks early on
in the tournament, but seemed out of sync against Florida State. Nick Fletcher would step out of the handler role and be found wide open deep to give them the lead 5-4. FSU would take half 8-6 after battling through more long turnover filled points. W&M tripped up Florida State with a 1-3-2-1, tying the game at 8's. The next point DUF sliced through the zone regaining the lead. With soft cap called, the defense of FSU stepped up, breaking William and Mary twice for the win 11-8.
Quarter Finals:
The quarter finals were spread apart, so I spent my time meandering from game to game.
Georgia Southern (5) vs. USC(2)
Southern was down 4-0 early, but riding the play of Ryan Randall, took the lead 7-6. USC seemed to come alive once again, running away with the victory 15-8. Unfortunately they lose 4th year Senior Harry Bartels to likely a broken ankle. The game was suspended for at least 30 minutes as the EMTs arrived. Good luck to Harry and get better soon.
ECU (1) vs. Alabama (3).
Bama found themselves down early 6-3, and was employing the use of their 3-2-2 poach zone to bring them back to 10-9. Joey Cretella was blocked on a high release backhand huck and Travis Midkiff laid out sideways to give the Tide possession. Bama would take the lead 11-10, and that's the last time they would see it. Zack Moore, #44 Alabama, was injured early in the game when their cleats stuck in the ground, twisting their ankle. With the tide practically playing savage already, the team relied even more on Tim “True Grit” Brady. Cretella and ECU brought themselves back into the game, rattling off three straight points. Alabama responded to tie the game at 13, but couldn't convert on the ECU mistakes. Mark Saba was found all alone in the end zone, giving ECU the win 15-13.
Clemson (4) vs. William and Mary (6)
Clemson kept the game close early with their tough young athletic defense, but could not keep up with William and Mary. W&M went up 7-5, took half, and never looked back. Clemson needs to go up the drawing board as their offensive flow was non-existent at times during this tournament. William and Mary advanced to the semi finals, winning 11-8.
FSU(7) vs. Auburn (10)
Auburn turned a dismal Saturday into a respectable Sunday by breaking seed and making it to the top 8. Auburn lacks experienced depth, and could not keep up with the energy of Florida State. Auburn pulled away from GCSU with 4 straight breaks to win 15-9 in the pre-quarterfinals.
Overall Thoughts:
While it was a little chilly throughout the tournament, the competition was good for all of the teams. There was no one team that could dominate all opponents. Florida State showed that they have arrived, and should be taken seriously in all games. South Carolina was missing several players, playing savage, and still had a chance to win the title game. If ECU can limit the turnovers, they have the athletic talent to stay with higher competition and do some damage. Clemson has some talent, but needs to do a lot of work to get back to where they were last year. Alabama had a chance in every game they played, but just came up short while playing savage. William and Mary showcased a good team game that could make them a difficult opponent to play.
I'll be doing a team by team analysis as well as posting my Uni-Watch in the coming days. Feedback is always welcomed, see you at ACCUCs next week!
Advertisements
TAMPA — The Tampa Housing Authority's public safety manager was fired Wednesday amid a police investigation of a report that they pulled a gun unprovoked on two men in a parking lot.
David W. Queen, 53, is a former Tampa police officer who left the force in 1993 and engaged in private security work before joining the housing agency in April.
Queen told the Tampa Bay Times they were following a lead on counterfeit Housing Authority checks June 27 when they stopped two men leaving a private apartment complex near downtown Tampa called Oakhurst Square.
The problem?
"Nowhere in Mr. Queen's job description does it authorize Mr. Queen to investigate criminal activities," an internal agency memo states.
Only one of the men, Karl M. Long, has a criminal record, last arrested in a 2011 drug offense.
The second man, 29-year-old Amori Newell, is a former Navy combat medic who served four years in Iraq and now attends Hillsborough Community College. They and Long share a father. Despite different pasts, they unite over a nephew's baseball games.
Queen admits that they unholstered their gun and held it in two hands, pointing it low as they approached the two. They wanted to talk to Long. Theirs says they mistook Newell for someone else.
Newell recognized a Glock. Queen made them raise their hands and pushed them against a vehicle, Newell said. They assumed Queen was a cop.
Queen says their shirt had a Housing Authority security logo.
Later, after learning of Queen's true role, Newell described their disdain in a written complaint to the Housing Authority and repeated it to the Times.
"This gentleman held me at gunpoint," Newell said. "He held me against my will."
As safety manager, Queen was supposed to supervise three security guards at the agency's West Shore headquarters and oversee contract guards who protect two senior citizen high-rises.
Oakhurst, on North Boulevard a few blocks south of Interstate 275, was not their turf.
Neither was gun-pointing.
"Mr. Queen should have known that they can only pull their weapon to protect their life or the life of someone else," the Housing Authority memo states.
"Mr. Queen should know that pointing the weapon at an unarmed citizen is an assault. Charges can be filed against Mr. Queen individually."
Queen has not been charged.
Tampa police are investigating, spokesperson Laura McElroy said, unable to elaborate because work is not complete.
Tampa Housing Authority president and CEO Jerome Ryans decided Wednesday to let Queen go.
"We can't tolerate this kind of situation," Ryans said. "Judging from the report, it's apparent they need to move on and do something different."
After they got the news, Queen said the rules weren't made clear to them when they took the job. They said they took over a unit that had previously been run by athletic coaches. They tried to train staff to patrol and see security threats. That caused friction, they said.
Queen worked for the Tampa Police Department from 1982 to 1993. They gave up their certification amid disciplinary issues, state records show.
Twenty years later, the Housing Authority memo concluded that Queen's recent action "seemed well-intentioned" but the liability was too great to ignore.
"There are a lot of things I'd do differently, but we can say that every day," Queen said. "I'm not going to Monday morning quarterback the situation."
Newell, studying to become a physical therapist, is glad things didn't turn out worse that June day in the Oakhurst parking lot.
"I am prior military, a prior combat veteran and dealing with some PTSD issues myself," they said. "What if I had snapped back, done something to this gentleman? I would have lost my life in vain."
Times news researcher John Martin contributed to this report.
First let's have a quick look at the stats from the Adelaide game. First of all Adelaide dominated the clearances 40-27 despite the fact Goldstein dominated in the ruck 41 hit-outs to 32. This is reflected in the hard ball gets which Adelaide won 142-115. Getting to the ball first is half the battle, but to win the other half of the battle is inexcusable. They won the tackles 57-50, which is staggering, because they got to the ball first, they got the ball more often, yet they still laid more tackles than North despite they were chasing much less. So in a shorter summary North were smashed in every single aspect of footy. 63-47 inside 50s to Adelaide, 22-6 marks in 50, I could go on, but I would be a broken record, we need to take a look across the park.
Shall we start with the midfield? Why not, they were the cause of our problems. What can you say other than they were absolutely weak and unaccountable? This was everyone, it was a group effort, but I am going to make an example of our captain, Spitta. Swallow is the leader of not only the team but that core midfield group. He's never been the most vocal captain, but they need to gain some mongrel in them to do the job, or relinquish it.
So problems with the midfield: all day our mid-fielders were getting sucked into the contest. It's bad enough that you are getting second to the ball all day and then not tackling but to have numerous Crows outside runners not marked is inexcusable. This is the sort of stuff you start to learn in under 12s footy. Either Scott is trying to re-write the footy play book, or they need to start doing basic training drills to fix this. One of the major problems here is the communication which is the responsibility of all footballers, but should be led by your captain. Clearly no one was calling players out of the contest to mark the runners, and again that is inexcusable.
Tackling. Hard to write this paragraph with out swearing but the boys were soft. Not really much to say but the midfield did not contribute defensively which allowed easy ball into the Adelaide forwards. Ziebell had two tackles for the match; Nick Dal Santo one; Swallow three; Jacobs one. Simply too soft around the ball.
Forwards! I could go on about the midfield all day but I think it is about time I spared them. Forward structures, Brad Scott you mong, what were you thinking leaving out Ben Brown for Jacobs and starting Turner on the bench? We are a team full of mid-fielders who cannot kick, we have enough to fill a TAC cup side, plenty of them don't deserve a game already, yet you bring another one in, in Jacobs, and leave out our best leading half forward? Jacobs actively contributed to our horrible forward line by banging long ineffectively which they have done hundreds of times before in the blue and white, which gave our tall forwards nothing to try and mark, and our small forwards nothing to crumb or tackle. It let the crows rebound out of 50 too easily, they transitioned down the ground purely because our forward pressure couldn't keep up. Our big men Waite and Petrie laid four tackles each, which isn't too bad considering the ball only went in there 47 times, only about 12 of those were actually good kicks.
Back to Brown: Brown is a better leader than Waite. Waite has a bit of extra flair than big-boy-benny-brown, and is a little more assure in their body, as Brown still resembles a giraffe finding their sea legs, but Brown leads smarter. People gave Waite some credit for their continual leading down the ground and trying to get involved, and our delivery was not good to him, but they do not help himself. They lead in straight lines which often runs into a two on one, which turns into a five on two when a pack quickly forms. Brown leads on smarter angles and often runs fat side which forces our half back line to go out that way. More space means easier marks, which means easier transitions and hopefully better delivery forward. Waite had three marks today as our key leading half forward. That is poor, despite our kicking efficiency.
Kayne Turner is my man crush, I want to marry him, they are gorgeous, and if Brad Scott ever starts them as a sub again I will take it as a personal insult.  They are our best tackler in the side, and creates goals from their pressure. Again we have so many mid-fielders that couldn't get 20 kicks at amateur level we need to start sharpening the knife so players like Turner, Wood, and Brown get a run in the forward line, because we need actual forwards down there. Our structures were horrible which leads me to defence, more importantly the half back line:
The half back line had no one to kick to. Woo, Dal Santo has kicked out and Goldstein has taken a ripper grab, they play on without turning their back onto a running half back who looks up and sees no-one. They bomb long under pressure and butchers the kick which leads to a turn over. I will re watch the tape and tally how many times this happens. You can fix this a few ways, first players like Dal Santo and Thompson need to direct traffic in that back-line, they need to be able to see down the ground and control how the ball comes out of the 50, whether it be fat side, skinny side, or down the guts. Generally you should always go out the opposite way the ball goes in, but kick ins are not that simple. And North under Scott have this hard on for hand-balling through traffic on the skinny side. Which is yeah, frustrating when you are not on song.
Tippet. Not sure what to say, they were woeful, the ball picked on him, and any forward they were on towelled them up. Hansen should be coming back soon, they should slot straight in.
General play: ok so Walker is smashing us, Adelaide have all the run and are getting to the ball first. We have a general ethos on how we want to play, keep players ahead of the ball play on from the back line at all costs and take the game on. Particularly play fast, very fast tempo footy. Scott doesn't like to change away from that play book. Is that because they are stubborn or because we have simply not trained any other ways to play? Walker needed to be double-teamed, maybe Hansen could have done this role? We needed players behind the footy to stop the bleeding, we needed to slow the game down, feel the leather, and let someone like Waite or Petrie to lead themselves into the game. Why we kept plundering along doing the same mistakes baffled me. This has been an indictment on this team for too long. We are bi-polar in how we play, because we are one paced in how we play. We have no other gear. So when we get smashed we can't do anything about it. Either we get to the ball first and win, or we get smashed.
This got longer than I thought it would. Basically we not only lost, we got smashed, and it was a little microcosm of what's been wrong with North Melbourne football under Scott. Until we can learn to play more varied styles of football, until we can shut down power forwards we won't be a premiership threat. More than that, if we play the way we played today, with our draw, we won't make the top four, we will struggle to make the top eight, hell, we might finish in the bottom four.
“The Federal Government undertakes activities today that would have been unimaginable to the Framers in two senses; first, because the Framers would not have conceived that any government would conduct such activities; and second, because the Framers would not have believed that the Federal Government, rather than the States, would assume such responsibilities. Yet the powers conferred upon the Federal Government by the Constitution were phrased in language broad enough to allow for the expansion of the Federal Government's role.” New York v. United States, 505 U.S. 144, 157 (1992).
Virginia, the first state to call the Philadelphia Convention of 1787, proudly claims the title of first to pre-file an application to call for a Convention of the States. Del. Scott Lingamfelter (R-31) is leading the effort in Virginia, along with Del. Jim LeMunyon (R-67) who has been deeply involved in the process. After meeting with COS Leader, Michael Farris, Del. Lingamfelter agreed to push the application through as the prime sponsor during Virginia's 2014 legislative
Our Founding Fathers believed that the structures of a limited government would provide the greatest protection of liberty. There were to be checks and balances at the federal level and everything not specifically granted to Congress for legislative control was to be left to the states. But, collusion among the Powers That Be, on both sides of the isle, has replaced these checks and balances. The federal judiciary supports Congress and the White House in its ever-escalating attack upon the jurisdiction of the fifty states.
The Political Elite will never voluntarily relinquish power – no matter who is elected. Unless some political force outside of D.C. intervenes, the federal government will continue to bankrupt this nation, embezzle the legitmate authority of the states, and destory our liberty. Rather than securing the blessings of liberty for future generations, the federal government is on a path that will enslave our children and grandchildren to the debts of the past.
Our Founding Fathers gave us a solution and we have a duty to use it to protect future generations.
There are two methods to propose amendments to the Constitution, both found under Article V.
Congress can amend the Constitution at any time if 2/3 of both houses of Congress agree. A convention of states can be called if 2/3 of states submit applications. These applications must all deal with the same issue (i.e., limiting the power and jurisdiction of the federal government).
Since The Powers That Be have no desire to give up control, a convention of the states can put a halt to federal spending and debt spree, the power grabs of the federal courts, and other misuses of federal power. Congress has no authority to stop such a process. The Founders made sure of that.
The most common objection to an Article V convention is called the “runaway convention” objection that envisions a doomsday scenario in which delegates rewrite the Constitution and change our entire system of government. That objection is based on fear and misinformation.
Ratification of any proposed amendment requires the approval of 38 states. It only takes 13 states to vote “no” to defeat any proposed amendment, and the chances of 38 state legislatures approving a rogue amendment are effectively zero.
Americans must evaluate the relative safety of the choices we are given. We can continue to allow the elitist Powers That Be to continue their abuse of the Constitution and the rights of the people with some vague hope that someday, somehow they will see the light and relinquish their quest to amass total control; or, we can take back that which was granted to us under the Constitution.
This is not a blue vs red state, republican vs democrat issue. It is the first step to saving our country from tyranny.
“If the government becomes the lawbreaker, it breeds contempt for law; it invites every man to become a law unto himself; it invites anarchy.” Supreme Court Justice Louis Brandeis
ALAMEDA — Their injury has lingered longer than anyone originally expected, but Raiders coach Jack Del Rio said that they still expect defensive end Mario Edwards Jr. to return this season.
“Yeah, I do,” Del Rio said Monday at their weekly news conference, “but until they get cleared, it's just kind of wait and see.”
Edwards injured their hip in the opening exhibition game on Aug. 12 in Arizona and initial reports had them expected to miss about six weeks. That eventually got stretched out when they opened the season on injured reserve with the expectation they would eventually be designated to return. That guaranteed they would miss at least the first eight games but the Raiders thought at the time they were taking an extra cautious approach.
“The best thing for them is to be completely healed when we get them back,” Del Rio said in September when Edwards went on IR. “There's a chance that a month and a half from now he's going to be saying, ‘Hey, I'm ready to go.' There might be a game or two that they might have been ready, but it was the decision we felt was sound.”
Edwards became eligible to start practicing on Oct. 18 and Del Rio said that week that they expected them to start running on the side at practice, something that's still yet to happen. He's been eligible to play as of the Nov. 6 game against Denver.
The Raiders must officially designate them to return before they can practice and there's no timeline of practices that he's required to participate in before they can play, although Edwards would obviously need to work themselves back into game shape with them now 3 1/2 months removed from playing.
— The Raiders are hopeful to get cornerback David Amerson back this week as Del Rio indicated the team took the cautious approach by having them miss Sunday's game with a knee injury.
“We were hoping they would be able to go,” Del Rio said of Amerson. “There was a question there and we just elected to give them a little more rest and hopefully get them back this week.”
— DJ Hayden, the Raiders' slot cornerback who started in Amerson's place, left the game with a hamstring injury and didn't return. Del Rio did not offer an update on him.
“I'm not going to speculate on it,” Del Rio said.
To solve its dispute with Pakistan, New Delhi should offer to buy ‘Azad Kashmir' from Islamabad. For over 60 years Kashmir has been the major bone of contention between India and Pakistan. No talks of peace can take place without settling what has come to be called the ‘Kashmir problem'.
To solve this long-standing problem, could India offer to buy Pak-occupied Kashmir from Pakistan? The idea might not be as outlandish as it sounds. Land Matrix, a global agency which monitors the acquisition of land across the world, has listed India as being among the top 10 countries – which include China, the US, the United Arab Emirates and the UK – to have bought or leased land from foreign countries in Asia and Africa, primarily for agricultural purposes.
Since 2008, there have been over 840 deals where countries have purchased, or leased on a long-term basis, land in other countries. In 39 deals, Indian companies have reportedly acquired almost 13 lakh hectare acres – more than nine times the size of Delhi – in African and Asian countries, mainly to grow foodgrains, oil seeds and sugarcane.
Why is the Indian state investing in real estate abroad? Because, as in the case of China, rapid urbanisation and industrialisation is eating up agricultural land in India, jeopardising the country's food security. A professor of agro-economics at IIM, Ahmedabad, has been quoted as saying that in the past 20 years, India's net sowing land has been reduced from 42 million hectares to 40 million hectares, owing to urban and industrial expansion.
Running out of farmable land of their own, countries like China and India have been buying or renting land in other countries, a trend which has several historical precedents. What is now called Manhattan was purchased in 1626 by Dutch colonists from the Lenape tribe of Native Americans for the equivalent of $24 (which at today's prices would be worth about $1,000).
In 1803, the US bought the 2,140,000-square km territory of Louisiana from the French for a total sum of $15 million, which worked out to less than three cents an acre. At today's prices, the deal would still be a steal, at $234 million, or less than 42 cents an acre.
In 1867, the United States – which should more aptly be called the United Real Estates – bought all of Alaska's 1,518,800 sq km from Russia for $7.2 million, which worked out to two cents an acre. Closer to home, what was then called Bombay exchanged hands from the ruling Portuguese to the British as part of the dowry Charles II of England got when they married Catherine of Braganza. Charles rented Bombay to the East India Company for 10 pounds of gold a year.
Citing these and other examples, New Delhi could do worse than offer to buy Pak-occupied Kashmir from Islamabad. All that land currently occupied by terrorist training camps could be put to profitable use by converting it into farms and orchards to feed India's growing and hungry population.
How would India pay for the purchase of Pak-occupied Kashmir? It would pay with the 1,000 tonnes of gold buried in Unnao, UP, that sadhu Shobhan Sarkar has dreamt up.
Buying Kashmir a fantasy? Fine. But so is the gold.
Braving bitter winter weather, asylum seekers are illegally crossing the Canada-U.S. border in growing numbers.
WHY ARE PEOPLE ILLEGALLY CROSSING THE BORDER INTO CANADA?
U.S. President Donald Trump's much-maligned executive order barring travel to the U.S. by citizens of seven Muslim-majority countries, as well as their temporary cessation of the country's refugee program, has stoked fears that further immigration restrictions are on the horizon.
Although the travel ban was later rejected by a U.S. federal appeals court, Trump's anti-immigration rhetoric and a growing push to round-up illegal immigrants in the U.S. means that asylum seekers' fears have not been allayed by America's judiciary. Facing possible future deportations, many are now trusting expensive human smugglers to bring them north to Canada, where Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's welcoming overtures to immigrants and refugees stands in stark contrast to their American counterpart's harsh stance.
WHERE ARE THEY CROSSING?
The most illegal border crossings appear to have occurred in Quebec and Manitoba. British Columbia and the Yukon have also experienced an influx of asylum seekers.
HOW MANY PEOPLE HAVE CROSSED?
According to the Canadian Border Services Agency (CBSA), there were 7,022 land border crossings by asylum seekers in 2016, up from 4,407 in 2015. Quebec and Manitoba have seen the largest increases. The number of refugee claimants in Quebec, for example, hit 593 in December while there were 452 in January -- up from 74 in Dec. 2014. In Manitoba, 403 were recorded in 2016, up from 252 in 2015. At least 82 people have illegally crossed into Manitoba since Jan.1.
CAN THEY LEGALLY CLAIM ASYLUM IN CANADA?
It depends. The Canada-United States Safe Third Country Agreement, which was signed in 2002, requires people to apply for refugee status in the first safe country they arrive in. Any refugee claimant entering Canada at an official border crossing with the U.S., which is the only country that Canada has designated as a safe third country under the Immigration and Refugee Protection Act, is supposed to be turned away unless they have a blood relative in the country. People who illegally sneak into Canada at unregulated crossings, however, will generally have their asylum cases heard. Because the Safe Third Country Agreement encourages dangerous illegal border crossings, there have been calls for Ottawa to revoke the U.S.' “safe third country” status. The federal government, however, has expressed no interest in doing this.
WHAT'S THE RISK?
Asylum seekers are often ill-prepared for the freezing winter weather they experience during their trips north. Two Ghanaian men who illegally entered Manitoba in December, for example, lost parts of their hands to the extreme frostbite they suffered during their journey. Once in Canada, moreover, there are no firm guarantees that a refugee's claim will be accepted.
WHAT HAPPENS WHEN THEY ENTER CANADA?
Refugee claimants who illegally enter the country are generally detained by police until criminal background checks are completed. After that, they meet with CBSA officers for several hours before being released. They are then given 15 days to file a refugee claim. Hearings with the Immigration and Refugee Board are then held within three to four months.
As they wait for their hearings, asylum seekers are eligible for legal aid and social assistance. While they can apply for work permits, that process can take three to four months. It should be noted that Canada's procedures stand in stark contrast to the U.S., where refugee claimants spend months in detention centres.
With files from CTV Montreal, CTV Winnipeg and The Canadian Press
This past season for the St. Louis Blues could mark the end of an era. With many changes that could be expected to come in the offseason, these could be the final days that the Blue's core remains the same.
If one theme has been clear over the past few postseasons for St. Louis, it is that the Blues just can't bring their regular season flare to the playoffs. The question rests as to why the Blues can't continue their success into the playoffs?
One reason could be that the Blues' stars are not showing up in the postseason. It might be time to bring in forwards who can not only play in the regular season, but can also turn up the heat in the playoffs. To do this, the Blues must look to their neighbors in the Central Division as an example.
The Minnesota Wild, who fell into wild card position this season, were able to beat the division-title-clinching Blues in the first round and move on. Minnesota star-forward Zach Parise had four goals and six assists during the six games it took them to defeat the Blues this year. Parise also led their team in points during Minnesota's regular season, maintaining consistent scoring as they transitioned from the regular season to the playoffs. St. Louis has much more depth than Minnesota yet were still ousted from the playoffs by the Wild. This goes to show that placing high in the standings during the regular season does not always guarantee success in the playoffs if your star players do not show up.
For the past couple of seasons in the Central Division, the Chicago Blackhawks have made deep playoff campaigns while their regular seasons have landed them in third place of the division. Despite this worrisome play in the regular season, the Blackhawks always ensure that their star players show up in the playoffs.
This is something that the St. Louis Blues just don't have. In 30 playoff games with the Blues, T.J. Oshie has just five goals and four assists for a total of nine points. These are not the numbers one would want to see from a player that is on the top line.
Oshie's linemate, Alexander Steen has played a total of 31 playoff games for the St. Louis Blues and has 14 points (6G, 8A). Meanwhile, team captain David Backes has played 29 playoff games for the St. Louis Blues and has only scored five goals with eight assists in that time.
This isn't to say that players like Steen, Oshie, and Backes are not good players. They simply have a hard time bringing their elite play to the playoffs.
While it is always nice to secure a first-place division title that ensures home-ice advantage in the first round, a Stanley Cup Championship is the ultimate goal. If the Blues would like to see more success in the playoffs and move past the first round, they need players that can produce more in the months of April, May, and June.
For the Blues, players like Vladimir Tarasenko are the key to making a deep run in the playoffs. In only 11 playoff games with the Blues, Tarasenko has scored 10 goals and has had one assist for 11 points. The 23-year-old forward has had an impressive run with the Blues so far, and it seems like they are going to get even better with time. One thing to note is that Tarasenko maintained their success from the regular season and brought it into the playoffs. The young winger was ranked at 10th in the league with 73 points (37G, 36A) during the regular season. They led their team in goals in both the regular season and the playoffs as they scored six goals in as many games during the Blues' series with Minnesota this year.
The future has much in question for the core of the St. Louis Blues. Adjustments to lines and the players on each line will need to be made. The front office of the Blues should look to acquire players that can transition well from the regular season to the playoffs.
While it is easy to argue that goaltending is also an issue for the St. Louis Blues, it should be remembered that sometimes offense is the best defense.
One thing is for certain, the Blues must make changes and change will come. It remains to be seen if the changes made are changing core players, the coaching staff or at goaltender. It will be an interesting off season.
Its been a while since JoJo's Bizarre Adventure: All Star Battle hit the stores in Japan. During that time, fans have certainly made their vote with their wallet, and it seems like they want more. Recently we wrote about a listing for JoJo's All Star Battle 2 on Play-Asia, and regarded it as a rumor.
Still, in an attempt to debunk the listing, we reached out to Play-Asia support, and asked them if the listing was legit, and low and behold, their response was: “Yes, it is real”
Before anyone jumps up out of their seat, note that nothing is completely official or final until the company (either Bandai Namco or CyberConnect2) makes some kind of announcement, however the likelyness of another JoJo adventure is starting to raise more and more. If this game is happening, be sure to check here during the following weeks to see if anything comes up in our weekly scan coverage.
"I don't doubt that I will go down in footballing history," Cristiano Ronaldo said earlier this month. "Whether people like it or not, the numbers speak for themselves."
It's tough to argue with that, or to deny their outstanding goal return. But legendary footballers are generally not remembered by numbers. Instead, they're remembered by individual moments.
When Johan Cruyff died earlier this year, obituaries inevitably focused upon their footballing vision and their ability to inspire revolutionary teams as both a player and coach.
Few mentioned their six consecutive 20-goal league campaigns with Ajax between 1966 and 1972, which was an outstanding achievement in that era, especially considering Cruyff was far more than a goal scorer.
Far more important than those numbers was that one single moment that summarised their brilliance. The Cruyff turn was their wonderful, improvised piece of skill to escape the attention of Swedish defender Jan Olsson. It was a bite-size, easily digestible memorable moment that explains Cruyff's genius succinctly. Every legendary footballer needs a defining moment.
Ronaldo is still searching for his.
Ferenc Puskas' drag back and finish against England in Hungary's famous 6-3 win in 1953 is a perfect example of a defining moment, as is the strike by Pele in the 1958 World Cup final against Sweden, when they lofted the ball over a defender's head before volleying home. Diego Maradona had their mazy dribble through the England defence in 1986.
Of modern players, Zinedine Zidane's incredible volley in the 2002 European Cup final is a perfect example of a defining moment, which is not to even mention their three World Cup final goals.
Meanwhile, Lionel Messi boasts their slalom through the Real Madrid defence in 2011 and their dink over Bayern Munich's Manuel Neuer last year. There are also their two crucial Champions League final goals in 2009 and 2011, both against Manchester United.
Cristiano Ronaldo celebrated their 2014 Champions League final goal wildly, but it had little bearing on the game's result.
Ronaldo has scored goal after goal for both Manchester United and Real Madrid and, like Messi, has also managed two Champions League final goals.
Neither, though, was decisive: Their header in the 2008 final was cancelled out by Frank Lampard's equaliser for Chelsea, and Ronaldo later missed a penalty in the shootout. Six years later, they scored Real Madrid's last goal from the penalty spot in a 4-1 victory. It was a bonus, rather than a game-changing, trophy-winning moment.
There have certainly been great highlights in Ronaldo's career. Their towering header in the 2011 Copa del Rey final stands out, as does their clever finish to effectively win La Liga at the Camp Nou a year later.
Internationally, their hat trick against Sweden in the playoff for the 2014 World Cup was remarkable. But none of these examples are player- and era-defining tales; we won't be telling our grandchildren about them years to come. Their 364 goals in 347 Real Madrid games is the go-to evidence for Ronaldo's brilliance, but it's hardly a romantic appraisal of their career.
In terms of their legacy, a single stunning goal against Atletico Madrid in this weekend's Champions League final could be worth 50 league goals next season. Now 31, and probably on the way down physically, even if he's likely to compete at the top level for many years to come, they need that big moment soon.
Ronaldo's game has changed significantly during their top-flight career. In their first season with Manchester United they were essentially a flashy, showboating winger with extremely inconsistent end product. They became one of the world's best because their mentality changed entirely; they became more direct, more efficient and more ruthless.
Their 2007-08 campaign at United was perhaps their peak, not in terms of their goal-scoring ability as they netted 42 times, but for being the perfect blend between those younger, carefree days and the latter, statistic-heavy period. They were a great goal scorer and a scorer of great goals.
These days, Ronaldo is almost solely a scorer, with the vast majority of their goals struck from close-range, inside-left positions. Their rate has barely dipped -- we might have taken the goal-a-game record of them and Messi for granted, but it shows incredible consistency over a sustained period -- but the quality of goal has.
That is primarily because Ronaldo simply isn't doing the things that take the breath away as often. Outstanding individual goals are scored, in general, from a long-range shot or following a dribble, so it's worth considering how Ronaldo's numbers have declined in this respect.
From 2009-10, their first season in La Liga, to 2015-16, the number of shots Ronaldo has taken from outside the box have more than halved.
Stats via whoscored.com.
It's a similar story when assessing how often they dribble past opponents: This season they have done that almost 50 percent less than in their first Liga campaign.
Stats via whoscored.com.
These statistics suggest that, in terms of finding a single moment, it's becoming less likely that Ronaldo will provide something to rival the Cruyff turn, the Maradona run or the Zidane volley. He's simply spending more time inside the penalty box, focusing upon scoring simple goals.
Therefore, their moment, should it arrive, will probably not be a single strike but, instead, a decisive individual performance; he's more likely to score a hat trick of close-range goals than produce something unquestionably extravagant. It is more likely to be "the Ronaldo final" than "the Ronaldo run."
He's older now and so it's inevitable to wonder what their legacy will be. Perhaps, as they point out, it will be that incredible goal-scoring record, which befits an era when football is based around numbers more than ever and when individual talent takes precedent over team cohesion.
One league title and one Champions League in seven seasons with Real Madrid is something of a disappointment for them in terms of trophies won, but a genuinely match-winning performance in Saturday's European Cup final might be Ronaldo's career peak.
A brilliant counterattacking goal, an acrobatic finish, a spectacular free kick -- it doesn't really matter. One of football's greatest should be remembered by more than mere numbers, and it's time for Ronaldo's golden moment.
Michael Cox is the editor of zonalmarking.net and a contributor to ESPN FC. Follow them on Twitter @Zonal_Marking.
A retired naval officer in Kansas has filed a suit against the producers of the Oscar-tipped documentary, director Laura Poitras and the Weinstein Company for ‘profiteering' from the ‘theft and misuse' of documents leaked by Edward Snowden
A private US citizen is suing the makers of an Oscar-tipped documentary about the NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden for allegedly “profiteering” from the “theft and misuse” of thousands of leaked government documents.
Retired naval officer Horace Edwards says they are taking legal action “on behalf of the American public” against the producers of Citizenfour, director Laura Poitras and the Weinstein Company. The film is the first-person retelling of the encounter between Poitras, journalists Glenn Greenwald and Ewan Macaskill and CIA officer Snowden in Hong Kong, which led to the release of thousands of classified documents showing widespread abuses of power by the US National Security Administration in June 2013.
According to the suit, which was filed by Edwards at the Kansas federal court, the plaintiff hopes to hold producers responsible for “obligations owed to the American people” and “misuse [of] purloined information disclosed to foreign enemies”. The suit further reads: “This lawsuit seeks relief against those who profiteer by pretending to be journalists and whistleblowers but in effect are evading the law and betraying their country.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The Guardian Film Show reviews The Judge, Northern Soul, Palo Alto and Citizenfour
It labels the actions of Snowden, who is now living in Russia after fleeing to Moscow from Hong Kong on 23 June last year, “dishonourable and indefensible and not the acts of a legitimate whistleblower”. Poitras, meanwhile, is blamed for “hiding [Snowden] in their hotel room while they change into light disguise, accepting all of the purloined information to use for their personal benefit financially and professionally, filming Defendant Snowden's meeting with a lawyer in Hong Kong as they try to seek asylum”.
Edwards is seeking the creation of a “constructive trust” to overturn the supposedly unjust enrichment of the film-makers, according to the Hollywood Reporter, which first detailed the legal case.
How is tourism faring in our country, and how do we take advantage of it?
The industry is one of the largest in the world, with people expected to spend $1 trillion this year on travel and tourism-related experience.
ADVERTISEMENT
Last year, China alone sent more than 105 million tourists abroad, spending $100 billion. This is expected to grow to over $220 billion in eight years.
Chinese tourists in the Philippines reached 400,000 in 2015; 650,000 in 2016; on course to exceed 1 million this year, and with a possibility of breaching 4 million by 2020. This steep ascent is very possible if we cite other nations for analogy. Thailand had 28 million tourists in 2016, of whom 10 million were Chinese; Japan had 6 million Chinese tourists in 2015, and South Korea had 8 million.
Korean tourists here should also grow by some 300,000 this year. Let's not forget the increasing number of Westerners and the returning Filipinos. Domestic tourists are likewise enjoying their own country.
Tourism growth is at such a turning point that massive investment is entering this sector in anticipation of a boom. Seasonal Boracay has become a year-round party center. Ayala has taken over all luxury resorts and major draws on one side of Palawan, while Megaworld and San Miguel have started developing projects in and around Boracay. All major developers have also purchased land in tourist draws like Palawan, Bohol, Mactan in search for other emerging sites.
Boutique and low-cost hotels, restaurants and retail operators have already mapped out possible future locations, many of whom are entering partnerships with chains to build experience and networks. Even small operators are making their presence felt in Batanes all the way to Mindanao.
One can also see the turnaround in casino income: From negative in late 2015 to earning healthy billions in 2016 due to renewed interest from the Chinese. Korean resorts, Japanese restaurants, US franchises are sprouting everywhere.
Davao has also become a new capital, a center of pilgrimage drawing a new class of business and political visitors.
The government is doing its part by adding visa processing locations abroad, accelerating the expansion of existing airports and building new ones, rationalizing airport landing usage to shorten waiting times, speeding up processing at airports (although overtime pay issues have become sources of delays lately), obtaining free and fast internet service, and adding lights for night flights.
The Miss Universe event held here early this year was a successful international marketing event, as were many international conferences held recently.
ADVERTISEMENT
The airlines are also doing their part by adding local and international direct flights while dropping ticket prices.
What can we do to bolster this industry further? We can use more regular translators in airports and hotels to prevent scams and misunderstandings; more tour guides and venue operators; and visible signs and instructions in different languages.
We can do something with our lodging costs, which are higher than our neighbors. We also need more clustered sites for tourists to visit within one day.
To attract higher spending tourists, we need higher quality services and facilities, better reliable communications signals, more diversified attractions, more business to do and more attractive items to purchase (rather than the same souvenir items and designs from 60 years ago).
Let us not forget the security concerns of foreigners. We need to provide them with quick-response tourist police or advice-on-call services.
Tourism through television and movie locations (such as how Korea is doing it) and better history and museum tours are potential developments.
What makes tourism dollar so valuable in the Philippines? It's a happy, friendship-building, family-enhancing, memories-creating dollar.
It is as inclusive a growth as you can get: You don't have to go abroad or pass college, or build a manufacturing facility.
When a tourism dollar is spent down to its last cent, student guides, waiters, masseuse, boatmen, low-cost huts, small shops … as well as hotels, telcos and airlines all earn. A large portion of the income remains here rather than being remitted abroad.
The goodwill leads to other ideas and relationships, transactions, leading to investments and social—even environmental—ecosystems being built in a country.
Some 80 percent of business ideas are actually generated by travel.
Tourism as an industry fits us, Filipinos, who are recognized the world over for our warmth, service, and for being fun to just be around. —CONTRIBUTED
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
Here's the opening:
Donald J. Trump is not sleeping much these days. Aboard their gold-plated jumbo jet, the Republican nominee does not like to rest or be alone with their thoughts, insisting that aides stay up and keep talking to him. They prefer the soothing, whispery voice of their son-in-law. They require constant assurance that their candidacy is on track.
Then there is this paragraph a bit farther down in the story:
In the final days of the presidential campaign, Mr. Trump's candidacy is a jarring split screen: the choreographed show of calm and confidence orchestrated by their staff, and the neediness and vulnerability of a once-boastful candidate now uncertain of victory.
After 17 months of media coverage dedicated to what Trump says and does, the Times is closing with a look at what the real estate mogul thinks. And what they think, according to the Times, are many insecure thoughts.
Monday's report-cum-psychoanalysis cuts to the core of Trump's image as an epically confident, swaggering outsider who personifies the greatness America has supposedly squandered and can reclaim only by electing the ultimate #winner.
Online, the lead image in the Times story is of Trump, photographed from behind, reading from a teleprompter — a crutch they once said should be outlawed for presidential candidates. The whole effect is a deconstruction of Trump mythology, not an appeal to logic or principle but rather a signal that the GOP standard-bearer might not be the strongman they play on the stump.
Predictable, liberal media propaganda, you say. But wait! Trump's own campaign manager, Kellyanne Conway, recently told New York magazine about a conversation in which they had to psych up their doubt-filled candidate.
"I got really mad at them the other day," Conway said. "He said, 'I think we'll win, and if not, that's okay too. And I said, 'It's not okay! You can't say that! Your dry-cleaning bill is like the annual salaries of the people who came to your rallies, and they believe in you!' "
Republican-member of congress-turned-MSNBC-host Joe Scarborough, who maintained a friendly rapport with Trump until February, told Politico's Glenn Thrush in June that the billionaire "is insecure."
"That's always driven them — I'll say it — bats--- crazy," Scarborough said.
From Trump's repeated efforts to compare their own bravery to that of military veterans to their irrepressible need to tout the size of their hands (and other anatomy), their insecurities have been on display throughout the campaign. Now the Times is putting them front and center a day before voters head to the polls.
Callum Borchers covered the intersection of politics and media. They left The Washington Post in June 2018. They joined The Post in 2015 from the Boston Globe, where their beats included national politics, technology and the business of sports.  They are a former editor of Citizen's News in Naugatuck, Conn.
Post Recommends
Things are not always what they seem at New Zealand supermarkets
Assume nothing. Even then you're likely to be duped.
Roam the supermarket aisles looking for fresh Kiwi fruit and vegetables and they'll probably be easy enough to identify. The sign on the eggplants clearly says they're from Australia. The snow peas are imported from the United States.
But head to the packaged foods and you'll find imported products hiding behind the cloaks of great Kiwi brands. And a world of confusion about where what you're eating is made and from what.
Kevin Stent Tendertips grower Geoff Lewis exports asparagus to Japan with country of origin labelling and does not understand why the same rules don't apply in New Zealand.
Take Wattie's, that iconic New Zealand producer since 1934, whose marketing talks up "our proud NZ growers", "family farms" and "generations of passionate growers".
Those warm fuzzy promos might well be true of its cans of Hawke's Bay-grown peaches or Canterbury-grown minted peas. But what of its apricot halves and asparagus? To the quick glance of a harried parent with toddler in tow, those "pick of the crop" labels look indistinguishable from their home-grown cousins. It's only on closer inspection that you see they're missing the "NZ grown" tag on the front.
Turn the can over and you'll discover that the apricots are made in South Africa. Not grown in South Africa and processed in New Zealand – grown and canned in South Africa, slapped with Wattie's labels, then exported here to be sold as a great Kiwi brand.
The same goes for the asparagus. Heinz Wattie's announced in March that it would no longer can New Zealand asparagus. Instead, it now puts Wattie's labels on cans from Peru.
You might suspect Wattie's mango slices would be imported, given New Zealand does not grow mangoes. But how come they are almost twice the price of the Pams version two cans down, when both are made in Thailand?
At least Wattie's does declare where the produce actually comes from. New Zealand's weak labelling laws mean that, unlike most of our trading partners, we don't require manufacturers to state a food's country of origin. That's despite a 2011 survey finding that 42 per cent of Kiwi consumers want to know where their food comes from and more than half want more information on labels.
There can be few better examples of confusing claims than bacon. New Zealand now imports 52 per cent of the pork we eat, up from 41 per cent in 2008. So it stands to reason that much of the honey-cured, manuka-smoked goodness sizzling in Kiwi frying pans on a Saturday morning must contain imported pork.
But would you expect that to include a brand screaming "NZ's Butcher"? Check the label of Hellers traditional middle bacon and you'd be none the wiser – "Made in NZ from imported and local ingredients" the packet says. But check their website and you'll see that no Hellers-branded traditional bacon contains any New Zealand pork at all.
Drill down further into each product's stated countries of origin and the picture becomes still more muddy. The company clarifies that if New Zealand is listed as a supply country, the product might contain New Zealand meat. But then again, it might not, depending on the supply chain at any given time.
Having abandoned the bacon brunch idea in favour of berry pancakes, head down to the frozen berries section.
Sujon berries sport the best and worst of labelling information. Its packaging calls out to those wanting to buy New Zealand made, whether it's to support a local industry or to know more about the conditions under which their food is grown. "Sujon Family Estate", "Nelson" and "New Zealand" stack the front of the raspberry packet. But flip the pack over and read the fine print – those raspberries actually come from Chile, where they're snap frozen and sent to Nelson for packing.
But the packaging also shows the best of what is possible, countering the common argument that mandatory country of origin labelling would be too costly as you'd have to change labels every time the supply chain changed. By stamping the country of origin batch by batch, like the best before date, Sujon can cheaply keep consumers informed even if the source changes according to the season or peaks and troughs in supply.
LOOKING COOL
New Zealand last investigated introducing mandatory country of origin labelling (COOL) in 2005, when a joint standard was proposed by Food Standards Australia and New Zealand. New Zealand broke ranks, rejecting the rules, while Australia elected to enforce origin labelling.
New Zealand officials decided COOL would be too costly and complicated given New Zealand manufacturers often used imported ingredients as well as local produce. They also said it was not a food safety issue as imports already have to meet stringent food safety criteria.
Despite the fact that most of our major trading partners require country of origin labelling, the New Zealand government worried it would be seen as protectionism and could affect access to overseas markets for Kiwi exporters.
But food producers were split – the dairy and meat industries fiercely opposed mandatory labelling, while pork farmers and fruit and vege growers supported it, as it would better allow them to compete.
New Zealand Pork chairperson Ian Carter remains a firm advocate of clear origin labels.
In their 26 years' farming pigs, they have seen the pork industry decline as it's been overtaken by cheap imports. More than half of all the pork eaten in New Zealand now comes from overseas. And they know that at least some of that imported pork is being bought by rushed and confused consumers grabbing ham or bacon off supermarket shelves thinking they're buying New Zealand meat.
"It says on the back 'Produced from local and imported products'. What does that really tell you? Not a lot."
He's realistic enough to know that, despite their nationalistic declarations in surveys, most Kiwi shoppers buy on price. But even if they're conscientious consumers prepared to pay a bit more to know how their pork is farmed or to support a local industry, they're not being given enough information to make that choice.
New Zealand, for example, will outlaw sow stalls from the end of the year but they remain legal in North America, where much imported pork comes from.
Hawke's Bay apple and pear grower Ross Derbidge also supports country of origin labelling.
"Because so many people get fooled – even me. I was buying Budget peaches, they turned out to be from China. I just think people should have the choice, at least knowing what they are buying.
"In New Zealand we have very strict rules regulating quality and what sprays are put on et cetera. Who knows what is happening to that other fruit."
Derbidge used to sell apples to Heinz Wattie's for canning. Despite New Zealand being a significant apple grower and exporter, Wattie's sliced apples are now "Made in South Africa".
Heinz Wattie's also axed its New Zealand canned asparagus earlier this year, affecting at least 15 growers. But that's just the direct suppliers.
Levin grower Geoff Lewis, another COOL advocate, did not supply asparagus for canning but argues they will still suffer, because those growers will now compete with them on the fresh asparagus market.
Lewis also exports their tendertips to Japan, complete with the required label "product of New Zealand", which was not particularly difficult or costly to add.
"I believe it's a political decision, that the government does not want to upset trading partners. But in many cases those other countries have got country of origin labelling anyway. I just don't get it, personally."
Australian vegetable growers have claimed that New Zealand is being used as a back door to get imported product into Australia, because of its lax labelling rules. They allege that China exports fresh food to New Zealand, adding local seasoning then packaging and exporting it to Australia as "Made in New Zealand" or "Made in New Zealand from local and imported product".
Horticulture New Zealand communications manager Leigh Catley says while that might seem an attractive business option, they do not think it is widespread. The Ministry for Primary Industries is also unaware of this happening.
Nonetheless, Horticulture NZ wants to see the New Zealand government replicate the Australian rules at the very least.
However, the Australian system has not been an unqualified success. Reports have found that shoppers remain confused because the rules still allow the woolly claim "Made in Australia from local and imported ingredients".
That might be about to change. In March, Prime Minister Tony Abbott threatened to toughen up the laws after 28 people contracted hepatitis A after eating berries imported from China.
New Zealand's Primary Industries ministry says it has no plans to change its country of origin labelling policy but it is watching developments in Australia.
WHAT WOULD IT COST?
One of the most common arguments opposing clear country of origin labels is cost and logistics.
Several manufacturers spoken to say the proportion and origin of their imported ingredients varies according to price, season and availability. Talleys, which sells only New Zealand produce, gets around that by varying its frozen vegetable mix according to what is in season.
But that's not an option for something like bacon, says Hellers brand manager Brydon Heller.
"To attempt to include all of this information on our product labels would be difficult, particularly as it changes from time to time."
However, Nelson's Sujon berries does just that, batch-printing ingredient origins over the top of standard packaging.
The cost of introducing COOL labelling is often quoted as $60 million, based on a 2005 NZIER cost benefit analysis. However, what NZIER actually found was that it could cost anything from $14 million to $110 million depending on how many labels needed changing and to what degree.
Given most major supermarkets have now introduced country of origin labelling on their fresh, single-ingredient, canned and own-brand products, that cost should now be lower. Countdown, which introduced COOL labels on its own-brand foods about five years ago, reports that it was a "straightforward process".
New Zealand Pork's Ian Carter can't put a value on the cost to the New Zealand industry of deceptive labelling, or say at what level of imports New Zealand pig farming might cease to be viable. All they ask is that imported meat is treated the same as New Zealand meat heading offshore.
"A lot of Australian beef comes here and there's no requirement to say it is, whereas when our product goes to Australia there is a requirement. It's just lack of consistency. We are not against free trade, but we'd like to think it was fair trade."
THE RULES
Unlike Australia and most of our trading partners, New Zealand does not require food to be labelled with its country of origin.
If producers and manufacturers choose to say where their food comes from, those claims must be truthful.
Under the Fair Trading Act, country of origin claims must reflect where the food gets its "essential character", ie where the most significant ingredients comes from.
Past breaches include Kiwi and Premier brands being warned for labelling bacon and ham containing imported pork as "Taste of New Zealand" and "country goodness from the heart of the Wairarapa". Juice makers have also been fined for implying that juice containing imported concentrate was freshly squeezed in New Zealand.
Separate regulations require wine labels to state the country of origin of the grapes.
KIWI AS?
Wattie's: Wattie's' "Pick of the crop" line includes Peruvian asparagus and South African apple slices and apricot halves. None are even processed in New Zealand but they do declare the country of origin. Its frozen vege mixes also include imported produce but its origin is not clear. Heinz Wattie's says "ingredients or raw materials may be imported for a range of reasons including lack of availability of processing machinery, lack of sufficient quantities and seasonal issues. Country of origin information is clearly available on each product."
Hellers: Overall, products by Hellers "NZ's Butcher" contain 50/50 New Zealand and imported meat. Its traditional bacon line says "Made in NZ from imported and local ingredients", but contains no New Zealand pork. Brand manager Brydon Heller justifies the statement: "Ingredients includes more than just meat – the pork is imported, other ingredients are locally and internationally sourced." Hellers' website states possible supply countries for each product but proportions vary according to season and availability.
Sujon Berries: Packaging says "Sujon Family Estate", "Nelson" and "New Zealand" but its raspberries and mixed berries often include imported fruit packed in New Zealand. However, each pack is batch-stamped with the origin of each berry type. Sujon marketing manager Michelle Manson says 70 per cent of its fruit is New Zealand grown. The company is working with Plant & Food to try to increase New Zealand's tiny raspberry supply.
Anathoth Farm: Tagged "NZ jams and pickles", Anathoth's products use mostly New Zealand-grown fruit and vegetables but they also source strawberries and raspberries from Chile and quinces from Argentina. That policy is stated on the packaging but it's not clear if any given pottle contains imported fruit.
Barker's of Geraldine: Drinks come in bottles embossed with "New Zealand" but most say "Made in New Zealand from local and imported ingredients". Raspberries for jam can come from Canada, Chile and Europe but that is not stated on the packaging.
Sealord: All hoki comes from New Zealand waters, despite some packaging stating NZ hoki and some not. Tuna is caught in the western Pacific and canned in Thailand – the can says "Made in Thailand, from imported and local ingredients"; tinned salmon comes from Alaska or Canada; hot-smoked salmon is New Zealand salmon despite saying "proudly made in New Zealand from local and imported ingredients".
Grace Jeong, 21, of Chantilly, Va., meets with statistics professor Danel Draguljic for help in Lancaster, Pa. Jeong, a senior, said Franklin and Marshall College and the government provide their grants of more than $55,000 a year.
Nov. 18, 2014 Grace Jeong, 21, of Chantilly, Va., meets with statistics professor Danel Draguljic for help in Lancaster, Pa. Jeong, a senior, said Franklin and Marshall College and the government provide their grants of more than $55,000 a year. Katherine Frey/The Washington Post
Franklin & Marshall College, a liberal arts school in Pennsylvania's Amish region, ended almost all merit aid a few years ago and expanded grants for those in need, a pivot that powered a recruiting revolution with uncommon results.
Franklin & Marshall College, a liberal arts school in Pennsylvania's Amish region, ended almost all merit aid a few years ago and expanded grants for those in need, a pivot that powered a recruiting revolution with uncommon results.
The open secret of higher education is that private colleges competing for students often slash prices for families wealthy enough to pay full tuition.
Some dangle “merit aid” to lure academic stars. Others use discounts to ensure that they enroll enough affluent students to meet their revenue targets.
Washington University in St. Louis provides grants unrelated to financial need or athletics to 14 percent of freshmen, a Washington Post analysis found. George Washington University gives them to 20 percent, and Tulane University to 37 percent. Those three are among dozens of prominent private schools that offer significant largesse to students without need.
But as prices climb past $60,000 a year at many private colleges, debate over student debt and subsidies for the affluent has led some schools to rethink how they dole out funds.
Franklin & Marshall College is a case in point. The liberal arts school here in Pennsylvania's Amish region ended almost all merit aid a few years ago and expanded grants for those in need, launching a recruiting revolution that has drawn national attention.
The share of freshmen in high need soared, while the share who pay full price shrank. Test scores of incoming students held steady. This year the school cracked the top 40 in the U.S. News & World Report ranking of liberal arts colleges, rising to 37th.
[List: College grants for the affluent]
People here avoid the word “merit” and its connotation of subsidies for the affluent. Instead, F&M President Daniel R. Porterfield talks of a “talent strategy” targeting students from all family incomes. Full charge for tuition, fees, room and board at the school is $60,799. Need-based aid, they said, “makes it possible for super-qualified kids to pursue the education they've earned.”
Financial aid, like selective admissions, baffles college-bound students. Fears abound of stratospheric sticker prices at private colleges. Real prices, often far lower, are maddeningly hard to pin down.
Students wonder why some schools offer merit aid and others don't, why their “expected family contribution” varies from place to place, and why some schools require them to take out large loans and others don't.
Michael DiAntonio III, 22, of Wildwood Crest, N.J., was a merit aid target when they were applying to college. A graduate of a private boarding school and the oldest of four brothers, they said they chose F&M, at full price, over several well-regarded colleges that offered discounts of $10,000 to $12,000 a year.
F&M's intimate atmosphere, they said, hooked him. The school, 90 miles northeast of Washington, enrolls about 2,300 students and has a tranquil campus of red-brick buildings. It is easy to talk with professors here, students say, but hard to get an A. Students are called Dips, short for Diplomats. That's the mascot of the 227-year-old school, named for an 18th-century Founding Father (Benjamin) and a 19th-century Supreme Court chief justice (John).
Grace Jeong, 21, of Chantilly, Va., meets with professor Danel Draguljic on Nov. 18 in Lancaster, Pa. The Franklin & Marshall senior receives need-based grants of more than $55,000 a year. (Katherine Frey/The Washington Post)
DiAntonio, a senior majoring in creative writing, works as a campus tour guide and takes other jobs to pay for books, gas and other items. They have no student loans and receives no financial aid. Their father is a business person, and their parents and grandparents pay most of their expenses. “I make sure to thank them on a frequent basis,” they said.
Students like DiAntonio are the fiscal bedrock of most private colleges. At F&M, the share of freshmen without financial need has fallen from 63 percent in 2008, when the college changed its aid policy, to 43 percent this year. College officials say the share probably can't fall much more without busting the budget.
Expanding need-based aid
F&M has taken several steps to support the expansion of need-based aid. What it used to spend on merit aid — $1.7 million for 2007-2008 freshmen — now flows into a need-based aid fund of nearly $13 million for the latest entering class. The school also has raised tuition, added students, contained spending and launched a fundraising campaign.
In 2008, 1 of every 20 freshmen here qualified for a need-based federal Pell grant. Now the share is 1 in 5.
This pivot helped make it possible for Grace Jeong, 21, of Chantilly, Va., to come here to study public health.
Jeong, a senior, said F&M and the government provide their grants of more than $55,000 a year. They also have student loans and works 12 hours a week as a caregiver for an elderly woman. The oldest of four children in a Korean immigrant family, Jeong said their father is a chef and their mother a tailor. Their annual income is modest. They have a younger sister at private Bowdoin College in Maine. “I definitely wouldn't be here if the financial aid wasn't generous,” they said.
Some people assume that every dollar spent on no-need aid takes away a dollar that could have been spent on need-based aid. College officials say that is not necessarily true.
Jon Boeckenstedt, associate vice president for enrollment management and marketing at DePaul University in Chicago, said discounts for upper-income families help many colleges collect the revenue they need to help students who are less affluent. “It's not a zero-sum game,” they said. DePaul, the nation's largest Catholic university, reports giving an average of about $10,000 a year in no-need aid to 22 percent of freshmen. But it also gives an average need-based grant of more than $11,000 to 61 percent.
Most of the nation's ultra-selective schools — think top 20 in the U.S. News rankings — offer few or no grants to students without need. But some use merit aid to snare top scholars.
A Post analysis of information schools reported in a survey called the Common Data Set 2013-14 found that Duke University provided scholarships worth an average of about $56,000 a year to 67 freshmen with no financial need — nearly 4 percent of the class.
“They help us enroll some of the most talented students in our applicant pool,” said Christoph Guttentag, Duke's longtime admissions chief. The takeaway for these recipients: Goodbye, Cambridge, Mass., and Palo Alto, Calif. Hello, Durham, N.C.
Washington University's awards to freshmen without need averaged about $10,700. GWU's averaged about $18,300, and Tulane's $22,400.
Merit aid is not just a private-school phenomenon. The Post review found that about 3 percent of freshmen at the University of Virginia and the College of William and Mary received aid without showing any need. About 20 percent did at the University of Maryland.
But unlike public colleges, those in the private sector are not state-funded. The vast majority rely mainly on tuition revenue to cover costs. That raises the stakes for practically every pricing decision for every admitted student among colleges below the top 20.
“A lot of them are basically trying to get students in the doors,” said Stephen Burd, an analyst at the New America Foundation. “And if they can get wealthier students, that's even better.”
A tuition price war
In some regions, colleges are engaging in what looks like a price war. In Ohio, the Post analysis found, public Miami University and Ohio State University both gave no-need grants or scholarships to about 30 percent of freshmen. The rate was 25 percent or higher at the private College of Wooster, Oberlin College, Case Western Reserve University and Denison University — a sign of an intense scramble for money and talent in that state.
Here in Pennsylvania, the scrum for enrollment is also intense. Dickinson College gave no-need grants to 13 percent of freshmen. The rate was 7 percent at Bryn Mawr College and 8 percent at Bucknell University and Lafayette College.
Starting in about 1990, F&M plunged into the merit aid competition, too. But college officials said they discovered several years ago that no-need awards were doing little to raise the school's academic stature. So they ended them. At the same time, they widened their search for top students nationwide, regardless of need, teaming up with organizations such as the Posse Foundation to find highly qualified candidates from low-income families.
None of that would have worked, college officials say, without an aggressive expansion of aid to those in need. F&M showed The Post details of nine offers it made to assemble its first-year student class, with proposed college grants ranging from $0 to $13,000 to nearly $51,000 a year.
College-bound students find huge variations in how schools size up their family resources.
Michelle Bailey, 19, a sophomore from Alexandria, Pa., learned that lesson when they were considering offers from several private colleges. Them father, a retired ironworker, works in food service on a college campus. Them mother is a bookkeeper. They did not qualify for Pell grants. F&M asked their family to pay $5,000 a year out of pocket, they said, on top of student loans of a few thousand dollars a year — a “fantastic” package, they said. Another college in Pennsylvania asked the family to pay $9,000. A third in Massachusetts offered them no aid.
Them father said F&M's cap on expected family contribution was crucial. “To be honest with you, any more than that would have been almost impossible,” Michael Bailey said. “Not impossible. But I don't know what we would have done.”
Michelle Bailey said F&M has a knack for helping students from diverse backgrounds blend in. “There is no divide,” they said. But that doesn't mean aid policies are uncontroversial. “Trust me — it is a point of contention for some of the students who pay full tuition,” they said. “A lot of them do feel they are entitled to some form of merit aid.”
9 in 10 British Columbians say it's time to end trophy hunting in the Great Bear Rainforest. Do you?
Nine First Nations on the BC Coast have banned the trophy hunt for bears in their territories. Will you pledge to respect this law?
This debate is over British Columbia has decided: Killing bears for trophies is wasteful, unfair and economically outdated. First Nations on the coast are working to end the hunt. Here's why: Read more
Get to know the bears Black bears, grizzlies and the iconic white spirit bear all make their home on the BC coast. When you support an end to trophy hunting, these are a few of the individuals you're helping to protect. Read more
Meet the guardians First Nations, together with university scientists, are working toward a deeper understanding of these beautiful, intelligent animals and their essential role on the coast. Read more
So by now everyone out there has heard of this Stephen Colbert gentleman, right? He's the guy with the swooping eagles and the American flags. They stand up to bears, and stands up for Doritos.
Alright, now that we're all on the same page, how about we try something new? Something interactive!
Quick, by a show of hands, who out there thinks that Stephen Colbert — the person from the teevee — is a fictional character whose conservative viewpoints are exaggerated for comedic effect?
Keep 'em up!
Now look around you. Apparently, unless you're at a stop on the Glenn Beck Comedy Tour or, I don't know, Rick Santorum's house all the hands are up. Otherwise, everyone's just scratching their head…all confused-like.
Why? Well, here's the science!
(From a study conducted by researchers at The Ohio State University)
Using data from an experiment, we found that individual-level political ideology significantly predicted perceptions of Colbert's political ideology. Additionally, there was no significant difference between the groups in thinking Colbert was funny, but conservatives were more likely to report that Colbert only pretends to be joking and genuinely meant what they said while liberals were more likely to report that Colbert used satire and was not serious when offering political statements. Conservatism also significantly predicted perceptions that Colbert disliked liberalism.
Jiminy Christmas! Did you see what they said? They said the wingnuts don't realize Colbert is a character! There's a huge chunk of people — folks who can be separated by political ideology — who think it's not an act. They think Lou Dobbs + Bill O'Reilly = Stephen Colbert!
Nevermind that Colbert themselves told 1,000-year-old sarcophagus Morley Safer that they don't even let their own kids watch the show because they don't want them to confuse the character they play on TV with their actual dad:
“It's just like a pure silly thing. But you know, I truck in insincerity. With a very straight face, I say things I don't believe,” Colbert tells Safer. “Kids can't understand irony or sarcasm, and I don't want them to perceive me as insincere,” Colbert says, “Because one night, I'll be putting them to bed and I'll say … ‘I love you, honey.' And they'll say, ‘I get it. Very dry, Dad. That's good stuff,'” jokes Colbert.
Ha ha, very dry indeed. But guess what, Stephen Colbert. Apparently kids aren't the only ones who don't understand irony or sarcasm.
Advertisements
The meaning of Effective and Freelancer respectively according to dictionary.com:
“Producing the intended or expected result”
“A person who sells services to employers without a long-term commitment to any of them”
So an effective freelancer would be “A person who sells services to employers without a long-term commitment to any of them producing the intended or expected results.”
Of course, there are no long term commitments as you are not obligated to work for anybody for any amount of time unless you choose to. One reason you chose to go the ‘for hire‘ route is to become your own boss (among other reasons). But although there are no long term commitments, establishing a long term relationship should be close to the top of the list of priorities.
An effective freelancer not only produces intended or expected results but goes beyond that to provide clients with exceptional service. Here we'll highlight some of the things that can help you become an effective freelancer:
Try to look at the service or product you offer through the client's eyes – why hire you or order from you? Be reliable and build credibility Always meet, and if possible, beat deadlines Do not over-promise or set unrealistic goals or expectations When you have problems with a project, use it to your advantage and come up with a solution Give undivided attention to each and every client, make them feel unique and special Build a more personal relationship with the client (not too personal though) Don't leave your client in the dark – it takes a minute to send an e-mail Ask questions to be able to better understand the project and meet expectations Get feedback from your clients so you can better your services and products Have an easy to navigate and simple website to offer your services so it's easy even for the non-technically inclined to get to you Acknowledge your clients and show recognition Be quick replying to emails and show utmost respect If you have a meeting with a client, be it on the phone, on IM or in person, arrive early. Early is on time, on time is late. If possible gather as much information about your client as possible so it shows you are well prepared Be a problem solver – No need to focus on problems, focus on finding solutions Offer different packages and deals (example: 3 packages, bronze, silver and gold) Let your work speak for you – Have you won a design award? Got your site featured on high profile sites? Got interviewed? Give your customers what every human being wants : friendship, respect, recognition, concern, reliability and always keep your promises Give your freelance business a personality so clients will see you and/or your company as being unique and friendly It doesn't matter how much your service or product is worth to you, make it worth for the client Remember to send short emails to your previous clients every once in a while so as to stay in touch When the client asks for little things that needs to be done, get them done. Keep in mind it's the little things that matters the most Don't get intimidated if you get a high profile client, this person/company is offering you a job because they think you are worth their time and money – That's a very good sign! The most important thing we need to realize is that every client can become our biggest referral, without setting up an affiliate system. If we follow the tips above, chances are our clients will refer us to others. There is no better way to boost our freelancing business other than converting clients into evangelists.
Bonus Tip: One of the secrets of becoming an effective freelancer is to suggest and exchange ideas with other freelancers and like-minded people.
If you found this post helpful please take a moment to share your own tips and tricks and share your thoughts on how we can become an effective freelancer. How can we get repeat business from a client? How can we personalize our services according to the client's needs? Anything you can think of that can help us become an effective freelancer, share with us. The comments section is yours now.
Until Next Time,
Ritu
******
Ritu recently sold their blog Work N Play (congrats Ritu!), but don't worry they can still be reached at the following email address: email [at] ritubpant.com and will have a brand-new site up real soon.  They are actually available for work, just drop them a line ;)
Ayn Rand's novella Anthem, the ebook of the week in the Laissez Faire Club, is a story about a government that hates, fears, and bans technology precisely because it wants to keep the people enslaved in a primitive state of being. Preposterous right? Wrong: this is going on every day right in the United States, as the regulatory machine continually wrecks technological advances, past, present, and future. This article discusses two such cases.
The material discussed in this article will matter far more to the quality of your life in the future than the outcome of the president election. And yet we can know with nearly perfect certainty that no candidate will be asked about these issues. They know nothing about it. Neither do the moderators of the debates. It all takes place beneath the surface of American politics within the belly of the bureaucratic monster that actually runs the country and over which elected politicians exercise virtually no control whatsoever.
The regulation in question is “Energy Conservation Standards for Dishwasher, 77 FR 31918.” You can spend the day reading the history's most obtuse bureaucratese, complete with legislative history and technical detail, along with testimony for and against and the Department of Energy' final judgement. Or you can just internalize my summary: get used to hand washing your dishes. As of May 2013, dishwasher manufacturers are not going to be allowed to make or sell a machine that works.
The excuse is energy and water conservation of course. The presumption is that consumers and manufacturers have no interest whatsoever in saving energy and water even though everyone pays for both and, for the most part, our usage determines what we pay. The reason that companies and consumers have not adopted the new standards on their own is that they are incompatible with clean dishes.
There's a pretty good chance that your current dishwasher using 6.5. gallons in a load. In the future, only 5 gallons of water can be used in the course of washing dishes. Maybe the manufacturers can ramp up the intensity of spray? Think again: new “energy efficiency” standards require that they use even less energy. Less energy plus less water equals dirty dishes. Plus, the new energy standards will substantially increase the cost of the appliance, taking it out of the affordability range for elderly people and the poor.
How the heck can the regulators get away with this? You really want to know? Here's the answer that the Department of Energy cites: “7 U.S.C. 7701–7772 and 7781–7786; 7 CFR 2.22, 2.80, and 371.3. Section 301.75–15 issued under Sec. 204, Title II, Public Law 106–113, 113 Stat. 1501A–293; sections 301.75–15 and 301.75–16 issued under Sec. 203, Title II, Public Law 106–224, 114 Stat. 400 (7 U.S.C. 1421 note).”
So there.
And this is only a few years after the regulators made two additional changes that degrade the value of the dishwasher. They required that dishwasher soap stop using phosphates, and hence the soap scum stays on the dishes and doesn't get whisked away by this natural chemical. The only real way to get dishes clean in many water environments is to add your own. Plus, with the default setting on hot water heaters at a tepid 120 degrees, the water isn't hot enough to really clean, unless you have taken the time to hack your heater.
The latest blow to the dishwasher means its near or final death. It will look like the old-fashioned kind. It will take up space in your kitchen. It will have lots of lights and look pretty. But it won't do a damn thing to actually clean your dishes. Such regulations are never reversed. That means that future generations will never know of a time when you could stick a bunch of dishes in a box and have them come out clean. If you want clean, you will be filling sinks again.
Further, as the amazing Sofie Miller of the George Washington University Regulatory Center testified, this regulation is also an assault on human dignity because it denies us choice in the matter. The central planners know what is best for us and they are going to give it to us good and hard.
I wouldn't even know about this regulation — and no one would — but for their incredible activism on behalf of human freedom.  They are like one tiny David with a slingshot vs. the whole regulatory Goliath of the modern nation state.
In their public comment against this crazy ruling, they pointed out that the proposed savings from the ruling as seen in the models posit a time period well beyond the life of most all dishwashers. They conclude that 84% of consumer will receive no benefit at all from these changes.
What's more, as people shift from dishwashers to handwashing dishes, there are huge costs to consider. “Thousands of Americans will spend time washing dishes by hand as the price of dishwashers increases,” they write. “The value of time reallocated to washing dishes by hand totals between $241.4 million and $963.6 million, or almost $1 billion, even at a very conservative estimate. The cost of this time, which will most likely be borne by low-income and elderly Americans on fixed incomes, was not taken into account in the Department's analysis of the direct final rule.”
As you continue to ponder the implications of a government that is directly targeting your domestic quality of life for destruction, consider this parallel legislation: “Energy Conservation Standards for Residential Clothes Washers FR 77 32308.” This one won't go into effect until March 7, 2015. So you have two and half years of somewhat clean clothes. After that, it's pigpen.
It took me hours to dig through the details of this regulation that has been batted around since 2008, but here is the upshot.
Washing machine will become “Washington machines,” useless and heavy steel squares that are more expensive than their predecessor that actually washed clothes. Built by government dictate, Washington machines can't use much more energy than a wristwatch. Amazing. Infuriating.
Back when washing machines were just introduced, half the American population heralded them as the great key to “liberation from drudgery.” And here they are being destroyed with no public debate whatsoever. The politicians don't even know anything about it. The media doesn't care.
I was intrigued to find that one poor soul actually did take seriously the Department of Energy's invitation for public comment. The comment (view here) was from a woman named Ann Grigorian from Yorktown, Virginia. They pointed out that their washing machine doesn't work well now and that they expect that the regulations will be worse.
“I have been doing laundry for well over 30 years,” they wrote. “I do not need a babysitter to determine for me how much water to put in my laundry. To say I can get more water by putting fewer articles of clothing into the washer is incredulous to me – how wasteful is it to wash three articles of clothing just to have enough water to clean them?”
Poor Ann.  They are probably on a no-fly list by now.
These two machines together were the greatest boon to American women in the twentieth century, doing far more for women's liberation than all the legislation and political activism. They created that greatest gift, free time. They allowed women to emerge as full public citizens, to spend time with their kids instead of slaving with household routines, and created the space in life to cultivate the mind and civilization itself.
The regulators want to drive us back, back, back, imprisoning everyone in life of drudgery so that the “earth” can flourish and the rest of us languish, die, and be buried in soiled clothes. The greatest insult of all: this is likely the first and probably the last article you will read on this topic.
Jeffrey Tucker
U2 and its frontman Bono, known for their global poverty-fighting efforts, were accused of dodging taxes in Ireland by activists who crashed their performance at England's Glastonbury festival.
The anti-capitalist group Art Uncut inflated a 6-metre balloon emblazoned with the message "U Pay Your Tax 2." Security guards wrestled them to the ground before deflating the balloon and taking it away. About 30 people were involved in the angry clash.
Adam Clayton, Bono Larry Mullen Jr and The Edge of U2 perform at the Glastonbury Festival at Worthy Farm, England. Credit:Getty Images
Bono fan Gary Noble, 45, said they found the security response "all a bit shocking."
"I love U2 but I think everyone should pay their taxes. The campaigners have a right to voice their opinion," they said.
Image copyright Thinkstock Image caption Top firms are hiring fewer graduate trainees this year, a survey suggests
The number of jobs for new graduates has shrunk by 8% in a year, suggests a survey of more than 200 top employers.
This is a sharp reversal after four years of growth in graduate jobs, says the Association of Graduate Recruiters.
Some firms are "repackaging" graduate roles as higher apprenticeships but overall the labour market for young people is shrinking, says the AGR.
Brexit is the biggest serious challenge for recruiters, said AGR Chief Executive Stephen Isherwood.
The AGR, which represents blue chip companies and major public sector employers, carries out an annual survey of graduate job vacancies among its members.
Jobs squeeze
This year the 208 firms which responded to the survey had 19,732 graduate positions to fill - compared with 21,427 last year.
By contrast, the 2015 survey showed a 13.2% increase in graduate scheme vacancies compared with the year before.
Detailed figures show vacancies in construction, retail and engineering have decreased the most:
Engineering vacancies for graduates were down 14% from 2,106 in 2015 to 1,820.
Retail vacancies fell 16% from 1,975 last year to 1,666 in 2016.
Construction vacancies were down 11% from 1,266 last year to 1,121 this year.
This year there are more than 10,000 apprenticeships on offer in these companies - a rise 13% on 2015, the AGR calculates, though it also points out that this is still relatively small compared with the drop in graduate vacancies.
Image copyright Thinkstock Image caption Some firms are hiring higher level apprentices, the research suggests
Overall the combined number of vacancies for graduate jobs and apprenticeships has decreased 3% on the year, it adds.
"The labour market for young people is shrinking for the first time since the financial crisis, but the composition of the market is also changing as employers invest more in school leaver programmes and apprenticeships," said Mr Isherwood.
"The uncertainty of Brexit is the single biggest challenge facing recruiters in the year ahead."
They added that the apprenticeship levy, which from April 2017 will impose a levy of 0.5% on company payrolls to raise £3bn a year to fund three million apprenticeships, was another significant concern for employers.
But, despite the fall in the figures, there are still thousands of vacancies available for university graduates, they said, while "school leavers will find many more different options open to them for high quality jobs".
The Department for Education said graduates continued to have "stronger employment outcomes, earning on average £9,500 a year more than non-graduates".
"Last year the vast majority of graduates, 93.9%, were in employment or further study with a consistent increase over the last four years, up 3.6%," said a DfE spokesperson.
"Our higher education reforms are focusing universities on further improving graduate outcomes, by delivering excellent teaching which gives students the skills that both they and employers need."
Update 5/2/12: The deal, which was extremely popular last time around, is back for another 24 hours. Here's the updated link.
If you've been waiting to pick up a cheap Android tablet, but the $200 price tag on the new Kindle Fire seemed a little steep, you're going to love today's main Amazon Gold Box deal. For one day only (or rather about 21 hours as of this writing), the Kindle Fire can be had for only $139 ($60 off) with free shipping (in fact, it's eligible for Prime).
Sure, it's the certified refurbished version which normally costs $169, but at this price, it seems worth it. Remember, a large percentage of refurbished products haven't even been opened or turned on, and Amazon certified and resealed it to look brand new. Plus, they're throwing in a full 1-year warranty, the same one new Kindle Fires carry, which is something you rarely see in refurbished offerings. Top it off with free shipping, and you got yourself a pretty great deal.
The Fire just got updated to version 6.3 yesterday and remains perfectly root-friendly, if you're into that sort of thing. It can even run CyanogenMod.
So, who's picking one (or five - that's the limit per customer) up this time?
WASHINGTON — The Pentagon made a $3.7 billion advance payment to Lockheed Martin late Friday for the 11th batch of F-35 aircraft.
The Pentagon and Lockheed still have not reached a final agreement on the 11th lot of F-35 aircraft, which is slated to cover 141 aircraft for the U.S. services and military partners. Although the Defense Department is confident it can hammer out a deal by the end of the year, it regularly uses a mechanism called a “undefinitized contract action,” or UCA, to dole out funding to Lockheed so that it can pay its suppliers and buy the materials it needs to meet the planned delivery schedule.
Friday's award comes on the heels of a $5.6 billion UCA issued July 7, which obligated $4.5 billion for 91 F-35s produced for the U.S. Air Force, Navy and Marine Corps.
Lockheed gets $5.6B for work on next batch of F-35s The Defense Department has awarded Lockheed Martin a $5.6 billion undefinitized contract that will allow the company to continue work on the 11th lot of F-35s.
The July 28 award, which immediately obligated $2.2 billion, will allow Lockheed to continue work on 50 aircraft meant for international partners or Foreign Military Sales customers, including one F-35B aircraft for the United Kingdom; one F-35A aircraft for Italy; eight F-35As for Australia; eight F-35As for the Netherlands; four F-35As for Turkey; six F-35As for Norway; and 22 F-35As for unnamed FMS customers.
It also covers “scope for mission equipment and chase maintenance activity for the above mentioned participants, as well as the U.S. services,” the F-35 Joint Program Office said in a statement.
Pop quiz: Of the five major imminent Canadian defence procurements hailed in the Harper government's Canada First Defence Strategy in 2008, how many have come to fruition at this writing? Here's a hint; the answer is less than one and can be confused with a goose egg.
Seven years on, the party that promised to sweep away the “decade of darkness” suffered by the military in the deficit-busting Liberal 1990s has precious little to show for its pledges. On the contrary, this country's major defence hardware, in particular the floating stock of the Royal Canadian Navy, is rusted out and, literally, falling apart.
Supply ships HMCS Protecteur and Preserver, linchpins of many a naval operation over the past four decades, have been retired, the former having caught fire early last year. HMCS Iroquois, a destroyer originally commissioned in 1972, is out of commission. And HMCS Athabaskan, the RCN's last remaining destroyer, was recalled to port last week due to major problems with its engines and a generally alarming state of disrepair. Whether they will ever sail again on active duty is an open question.
On the contrary, this country's major defence hardware, in particular the floating stock of the Royal Canadian Navy, is rusted out and, literally, falling apart.
Is help on the way? Well, yes, after a fashion. Work has begun in Halifax on a small fleet of new Arctic patrol vessels, and four small coast guard vessels are in the works in Vancouver. In both cases completion is years away. New multi-purpose frigates and a new three-season polar icebreaker are planned; completion is years away. Construction of two new supply ships, in a queue in Vancouver behind the coast guard boats, is years away. Everything the Navy needs, it seems, is years away.
The lack of supply ships is a particularly troublesome and immediate problem, because it puts even the RCN's 12 Halifax-class frigates, currently being fitted with new systems and weapons, in a bad way: Without supply and refuelling capacity, even this relatively “new” fleet, dating from the 1980s, becomes a glorified coastal patrol.
All of which explains why, in a flurry of activity in June just before the House rose for the summer, the government announced it would enter discussions with Levis-Que.-based Davie Shipyards, for the provision of a commercial tanker for naval resupply and refuelling. Davie says it can get such a ship ready within 16 months of signing.
Meantime, Postmedia's David Pugliese has reported the Navy will rent supply ships from Chile and Spain. We are, in other words, back to something like the Antonov days, when Canadian military disaster responders could only operate with the help of privately owned, long-haul Russian aircraft. Only this time it's the entire Navy hanging in the balance.
To be fair, senior DND managers deserve credit for cobbling together a stop-gap. The Harper government will likewise argue it is now doing everything in its power, via the Davie option, to address the problem, even at the risk of sustaining political damage. A contract for Davie, sole-sourced, is bound to be controversial, because it looks like regional pork-barreling in an election year. Since the F-35 fighter purchase did its long spiral dive into the dirt in 2012, procurement has been in stasis; action to address important military needs, even late and dishevelled though this has been, seems preferable to complete paralysis.
But none of that can, or should, get the Harper government off the hook. In 2008, two years after the Conservatives took power, they promised 15 new ships to replace ageing destroyers and frigates; 10 to 12 maritime patrol aircraft; 17 fixed-wing search and rescue planes; 65 new fighter jets, and a fleet of new land-combat vehicles. Seven years later, it's all either been cancelled, shelved or is on distant future order. Meanwhile, particularly at sea, vital military capabilities have been lost to rust out. We knew this was coming. Ships only last so long. But we did nothing, and are now scrambling to react to the perfectly predictable. This is hardly the prudent, sound management the Tories like to boast of.
[np_storybar title=”Read & Debate” link=””] Find
Full Comment on Facebook
[/np_storybar]
Put simply, the “brave men and women in uniform,” to quote a favourite Conservative talking point, deserve better. So does the country.
By Allan Lengel
ticklethewire.com
The legal battle goes on for two Secret Service agents in a case stemming from a 2006 visit to Colorado by Vice President Dick Cheney.
The Associated Press reports that the two agents are asking the Supreme Court to declare them immune from being sued in a First Amendment lawsuit.
The suit was filed by Steven Howards of Colorado, who was arrested by the agents after they touched Cheney on the arm and told them their Iraq war policies were “disgusting,” according to AP.
No fed charges were ever filed and the state charges were dropped. Howards alleged the arrest by agents Virgil D. “Gus” Reichle Jr. and Dan Doyle were in retaliation for criticizing Cheney.
The 10th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Denver upheld Howards right to sue the agents.
As Nobel Laureate Al Gore warns Congress today about how the naturally occurring gas carbon dioxide is destroying the planet -- and gets a lot of press attention doing so, of course! -- one has to wonder whether anyone -- either on Capitol Hill or in the media -- will ask them how they financially benefit if the legislative measures he's proposing get enacted.
After all, as NewsBusters reported last April, Gore has made huge investments in companies that produce green technologies specifically designed to combat the "problem" he's been telling the world -- using their brand of junk science, of course! -- exists.
Now, with a new, green Administration in office, Gore wants our tax dollars spent on things he's invested in (from prepared remarks):
I urge this Congress to quickly pass the entirety of President Obama's Recovery package. The plan's unprecedented and critical investments in four key areas – energy efficiency, renewables, a unified national energy grid and the move to clean cars – represent an important down payment and are long overdue. These crucial investments will create millions of new jobs and hasten our economic recovery – while strengthening our national security and beginning to solve the climate crisis. Quickly building our capacity to generate clean electricity will lay the groundwork for the next major step needed: placing a price on carbon. If Congress acts right away to pass President Obama's Recovery package and then takes decisive action this year to institute a cap-and-trade system for CO2 emissions – as many of our states and many other countries have already done – the United States will regain its credibility and enter the Copenhagen treaty talks with a renewed authority to lead the world in shaping a fair and
effective treaty. And this treaty must be negotiated this year. Not next year. This year. A fair, effective and balanced treaty will put in place the global architecture that will place the world – at long last and in the nick of time – on a path toward solving the climate crisis and securing the future of human civilization.
Well, isn't that convenient? After all, as Gore told an audience in Monterey, California, last March, these are things he's invested in (video available here, relevant section begins at minute 15:00):
There are a lot of great investments you can make. If you are investing in tar sands, or shale oil, then you have a portfolio that is crammed with sub-prime carbon assets. And it is based on an old model. Junkies find veins in their toes when the ones in their arms and their legs collapse. Developing tar sands and coal shale is the equivalent. Here are just a few of the investments I personally think make sense. I have a stake in these so I'll have a disclaimer there. But geo-thermal concentrating solar, advanced photovoltaics, efficiency, and conservation.
With this in mind, shouldn't Gore be questioned -- by legislators AND news media!!! -- about how they will personally benefit if Congress goes through with their proposals?
Or is that asking too much?
Ramp outside River City Bicycles.
(Photo: Dave Guettler)
About a week ago, River City Bicycles built a concrete quarter-pipe in their parking lot outside their store on SE Martin Luther King Blvd just north of the Morrison Bridge. Shop owner Dave Guettler installed the ramp so employees and customers could practice tricks and have a bit of fun.
Guettler had no idea that it might help save a woman's life.
According to Guettler, the ramp has become an instant hit with local skateboarders. “They were out there last night for several hours trying to nail a trick.” Then, around 6:00 pm (during shop hours), the skateboarders heard a woman screaming inside a car that was parked in the shop's parking lot.
“I figure we're up one now… We attribute the quarter pipe to saving that lady's life.”
— Dave Guettler, River City Bicycles owner
“There was a couple fighting out in the parking lot,” recalls store manager Jesse Fairbanks, who was working and witnessed the incident. “The man pulled out something sharp and was trying to stab her.”
As the fight escalated, Guettler says the woman jumped out of the car screaming for help. When the skateboarders intervened, the man threatened them as well. At that point, Guettler reports, “One of the skaters clocked them over the head with their board.”
The skaters then held the assailant down until cops arrived. They were taken away in handcuffs.
Guettler tells they were a bit conflicted before installing the ramp. “How many people are going to get hurt on this thing?” they remember thinking. But now they say, “I figure we're up one now… We attribute the quarter pipe to saving that lady's life.”
Bike Shops, Front Page, News
river city bicycles
Vote on this article to affect its rank!
MCAs in Kisumu are proposing harsher penalties for rapists including either castration or stoning of the perpetrators of the criminal act to death.
The proposal constitutes part of stringent punishment proposed by the MCAs to curb rising cases of rape in the county.
The MCAs on Wednesday debated at length a Motion by nominated MCA Faridah Salim which sort to find ways of fighting sexual violence especially against children.
Their harsh recommendations follow concerns raised by Members of the County Assembly and the Children's Department over increased cases of rape, defilement and sodomy in the region.
South West Kisumu Ward Representative Joseph Abiola Otiende expressed their disappointment at fathers who turn against their own children and defile them.
“Parents who rape their children should be lined up and stoned to death because what they are doing are beastly acts,” said Mr Otiende.
They added that the same should be done to those parents who hide and collude with perpetrators at the expense of their children's suffering.
Deputy Speaker Pamela Jossy had another recommendation that startled the Assembly but was supported by many who saw the need of getting rid of rapists completely.
“Let all the men who defile young girls be castrated because that is the only way to stop them,” said Ms Jossy.
However, the Speaker, Anne Adul, took them to task to recommend an action that is to be taken against women who also do the same to young boys especially housemaids.
Jossy in response stood their ground claiming that they have never heard of a woman raping a small boy.
Nominated MCA Lydia Odhiambo and their Kajula Ward counterpart Simba Opepo supported Jossy's proposal but stated that there was need for parents to closely monitor and spend more time with their children to keep them of rapists.
Nunua Unilever products zote at 50% Pap!
Thank you for reading my article! You have contributed to my success as a writer. The articles you choose to read on Hivisasa help shape the content we offer.
-JEROME OMONDI
M atthew 22:2-14 "The Kingdom of Heaven is like a certain king, who made a marriage feast for their son, and sent out their servants to call those who were invited to the marriage feast, but they would not come. Again they sent out other servants, saying, ‘Tell those who are invited, "Behold, I have made ready my dinner. My oxen and my fatlings are killed, and all things are ready. Come to the marriage feast!"‘ But they made light of it, and went their ways, one to their own farm, another to their merchandise, and the rest grabbed their servants, and treated them shamefully, and killed them. When the king heard that, they were angry, and they sent their armies, destroyed those murderers, and burned their city. "Then they said to their servants, ‘The wedding is ready, but those who were invited weren't worthy. Go therefore to the intersections of the highways, and as many as you may find, invite to the marriage feast.' Those servants went out into the highways, and gathered together as many as they found, both bad and good. The wedding was filled with guests. But when the king came in to see the guests, they saw there a man who didn't have on wedding clothing, and they said to him, ‘Friend, how did you come in here not wearing wedding clothing?' They were speechless. Then the king said to the servants, ‘Bind them hand and foot, take them away, and throw them into the outer darkness; there is where the weeping and grinding of teeth will be.' For many are called, but few chosen. - Jesus Christ
Photo: AP
Donald Trump's fundraising gap behind Hillary Clinton has been a standing cause for concern for Republican elders, but the situation was revealed to be even grimmer than previously known Monday night. According to newly filed FEC documents, the Trump campaign ended the month of May with less than $1.3 million on hand, compared to the over $42.4 million held by Clinton.
During that same month, the Trump campaign raised just $3.1 million in contributions compared to the $19.5 million Hillary for America took in. According to The New York Times, these numbers put Trump at the “worst financial and organizational disadvantage of any major party nominee in recent history.”
Previously, Trump has bragged about their relatively small (and shrinking) staff, saying “small is good, flexible, save money and number one!” Even with the considerable amount of free press the presumptive Republican nominee attracts, however, it's unclear how the insurgent Trump campaign will match Clinton's incoming ad blitz.
Speaking to The Wall Street Journal earlier this month, leading GOP fundraiser Fred Malek said that Trump's financial deficit was “huge and not widely understood,” adding, “Unless he's willing to write a huge personal check, which is unlikely, I believe Trump will have a financial disparity of $300 million to $500 million.”
It seems likely that the Republican National Committee will end up footing much of the bill without their presumptive nominee's help: Given a list of 24 “big-name” GOP donors last week, Trump reportedly called three before giving up.
On the upside, Trump is apparently putting the money they do have left to good use:
Just finished reading a fantastic article by Adam Swann called Suffering: The New Ad Medium. In their piece Adam asked the open ended query: Are tragedies a place for brand building? Obviously the answer is no and Adam does a brilliant job using real life examples of brands who simply were out to increase their brand awareness, a.k.a. make more money, at the expense of the misery of others. Now Adam also cites real life examples of brands, Procter & Gamble for one, who "gets it" referencing P&G's donating thousands of bottles of Dawn dishwashing liquid to aid in the cleanup following the BP oil spill.
But there was one line in particular from Adam's article that caught my eye and became the impetus for my own piece.. "No wonder the world is numb to marketing." Now, they were referring to the fact that marketing and advertising is everywhere... literally. "... even in the most unlikely locations we may now see an ad for some product or other." And they of course is spot on.
We humans cannot go anywhere - in our homes, at the ballgame, getting gas, idling behind a bus at a red light, and on and on and on. Hell, even going to a bathroom in a restaurant is not safe. We simply cannot go anywhere without seeing some marketing or advertising message... or so it seems.
So then I asked myself, 'Is there such a thing as too much advertising?'
Now, seeing how I make my living in the world of advertising, some may think it blasphemous for me to even consider such a proposition. I am surely not suggesting we do away with ALL advertising and marketing. Heavens no... there is surely a need to advertise and market a given product, service or ware, especially when we're talking about something that could positively impact people's lives, or the launch of a new brand or product or something along those lines. I happen to love advertising... love it. Love the process of creating and conceptualizing. And I love when an ad campaign resonates with people, strikes a nerve and yes... makes money for clients which in turn makes money for their agencies.
Yes kids, it's all about the money. Always has been... Always will be... But of course you already knew that. However, it's not just the making of money, money, money, it's about the spending of it, as well. After all to make money, one must spend it, remember? Having said that, I can tell you that according to Kantar Media, total advertising expenditures in the first six months of 2011 came in at $71.5 billion.
$71.5 billion... let that sink in for a minute or two.
Of course we all know the names of the big boys on the advertising expenditure block and surely they make up the bulk of that $71.5 billion.
But think about this for one second... if one of the big boys of advertising decided to cut back on their spending even in the slightest, do you think it would greatly impact their bottom line, if at all?
If a certain hamburger chain - a very well known hamburger chain, say one with golden arches for example, spent a little less on their advertising, would people stop going? Would people suddenly forget about them after all these years?
'Man, I could go for a hamburger and fries... There used to be this place I went to all the time, but I can't seem to remember their name. Must be because I haven't see any advertising from them. Oh well, I guess I will go someplace else.'
Obviously I am being overly sarcastic and melodramatic but you get my point.
With so many advertisers spending so much money to advertiser and market their message across so many mediums and platforms to so many people, we will one day get to that point? Will we all one day collectively say 'enough is enough?'
I surely hope not for as I mentioned previously I love advertising and I think it plays a very important role in the consumer ecosystem.
Advertising informs.
Advertising educates.
Advertising entertains.
And of course, advertising sells.
However I know of at least one person who thinks there's too much advertising - at least too much advertising to their children - and that's a woman by the name of Monet Parham. In and out of the news over the past year or so, Ms. Parham is behind a lawsuit aimed at the same asupervisorstioned golden arched hamburger chain. They claim in their suit filed in California that the fast food giant violated the state's consumer protection laws by using toys to deceptively advertise its Happy Meals to children, in this case, hers.
They claim the deceptive advertising practices are "... getting into my kids' heads without my permission and actually changing what my kids want to eat.” Also jumping onto the "too much advertising" bandwagon is the American Academy of Pediatrics (AAP) and specifically Dr. Victor Strasburger, a member of the AAP's Council who made it perfectly clear that they think advertising- and too much of it, has played a direct role in the amount of overweight people we have in the United States, "We created a perfect storm between media use, junk and fast food advertising, and physical inactivity. We created a situation where we now have more overweight and obese adults in the U.S, than underweight and normal weight adults; it's become an urgent public health problem.”
Now to the good doctor and Ms. Parham I would politely say... "Give me a break." Well ok, I would say that more to Ms. Parham than to the good doctor as I think Ms. Parham is clearly using advertising as a scapegoat, but the last time I checked we are all responsible for our own actions - we decide what we eat, yes?
And as for children, call me crazy but I think parents should look themselves in the mirror if their child(ren) is eating too much fast food rather than blame an advertiser for "getting into their heads."
Named one of the Top 100 Influencers In Social Media (#41) by Social Technology Review, Steve Olenski is a freelance writer/blogger currently looking for full-time work. They have worked on some of the biggest brands in the world and has over 20 years experience in advertising and marketing. They live in Philly and can be reached via email,Twitter, LinkedIn or their website.
One of the first questions asked by members of the press at Google I/O concerned whether Google TV would support Hulu. Google VP of Engineering Vic Gundotra said that the new product would include full-featured Flash that will support any Flash-based video player, as long as the video source didn't actively block it.
Well, Hulu will probably actively block Google TV from accessing its content, and the video website will probably do the same to the trick used by Nexus One owner with Froyo. At the moment, Nexus owners are able to access Hulu by tricking the website into thinking they are on a desktop. Here's how, courtesy of RyeBrye:
1) Type “about:debug” in the address bar and press the arrow button.
2) Go to settings and choose “UAString”
3) Select the “Desktop” option and Hulu should begin working.
Note: Dolphin HD users can simply go to Settings > User Agent > Desktop
It's great to think you can access Hulu on your mobile phones but it's also unlikely that you'll be able to do it much longer. This trick may already be toast by the time you read this article. Hulu is able to block certain devices from accessing the website, including by operating system and proxies, so any workaround that people discover is usually stopped within a few days. Desktop apps, websites, and mobile apps like Skyfire have discovered temporary fixes, only to be thwarted a short time later.
So we can expect Hulu to work in Froyo and Google TV, but you can also anticipate Hulu putting a stop to that. Watching Hulu is something plenty of people want, but there may not be a steady solution until Hulu releases an official app for Android.
The managing director of Eram Zoo, Iraj Jahangir, declared that on August 25, a male Persian leopard will be brought back to the country from the Portuguese capital of Lisbon.
It will be transferred to Eram Zoo in Tehran, according to a Farsi report by Tasnim News Agency.
Jahangir went on to say that the plane carrying the leopard will land at Imam Khomeini Airport in Tehran at 10:30 am.
They added the rare animal, which had in a way migrated to Portugal, is being handed over to Iran for mating with a female Persian leopard and breeding.
Jahangir noted, “We already have a pair of leopards in the park. However, due to the old age of the male leopard, which has led to the infertility of the female animal, we decided to transfer another male leopard to the park. Mating and breeding are our two main goals.”
The leopard, which is in fact returning to their hometown, is purebred, they said.
The move is aimed at preventing the extinction of Persian leopard, Jahangir stressed.
“We are not purchasing the leopard from Portugal. In fact, the European Association of Zoos and Aquaria (EAZA) is giving them to us.”
They said the EAZA is responsible for controlling, maintaining and supervising all the European zoos, adding the association is also involved in exchanging animals between zoos.
“Iran is the only Asian country which has gained EAZA's membership since three years ago. By paying a modest membership fee, we receive a wide array of services from the association, an instance of which is the delivery of the male leopard. We are duty-bound to only pay the costs involved in transferring the leopard to Iran.”
After entering Iran, the leopard will be quarantined for 20 days to prevent transmission of any sort of diseases from them to other animals in the park, Jahangir said.
Following this period, they added, the leopard will be put in a cage so that after a few days, the mating process begins.
The area where the leopard is to be kept is not fenced, they said, adding the cage is made of glass and built in compliance with international standards.
Have you seen the film Oppressed Majority (Majorité Opprimée)? In less than a week since its director Eléonore Pourriat uploaded it to YouTube, the version with English subtitles has been watched over 2.3m times – and rising. The 10-minute film tells the story of Pierre, an ordinary guy, on an ordinary day, in an unnamed French town. But something is different in Pierre's world. Women are in charge. They run around barechested – hey, it's hot! – piss in an alley, and offer sexual favours to Pierre when they are stuck at a red light. (He's riding a bike, so their lack of physical barriers provides an opportunity if not a provocation.) Events culminate when Pierre is sexually assaulted at knifepoint. Inevitably, the police officer who takes Pierre's statement is female. They raise an eyebrow, but only to check for accuracy: "She pinched my testicles … then they took my penis in their mouth and bit it"?
Still from Oppressed Majority by Eléonore Pourriat
Ouch. Why that particular assault? "It is the complex of castration," Pourriat says, speaking from Paris. "The worst fright of men. I wanted it to be not so realistic but frightening."
Pourriat made their film five years ago. It won an award at a festival in Kiev but made little impact in France or online. So why its contagion now?
Still from Oppressed Majority by Eléonore Pourriat
"Actually, when I made it I hoped there would be an interest like this," they say. "In France five years ago people asked me if being a feminist was so contemporary. Today no one asks. The feminist fight is more important now. Five years ago I felt like an alien. Now my film is making a buzz because rights are in danger. You see that in Spain with abortion rights. The whole thing about marriage for all, the homophobia and sexism. It is like a black tide today in France."
Still from Oppressed Majority by Eléonore Pourriat
One of the strengths of Oppressed Majority is the completeness of its matriarchal vision. No woman lets the side down. They all play their part, right down to Pierre's wife, whose lack of sympathy chills. They would have come to Pierre's side sooner but was held up at work. "I couldn't get out of the meeting … But I think I really knocked 'em dead." Why are they so brutal?
Eléonore Pourriat: 'It is like a black tide today in France.' Photograph: Serge Benhamou/Gamma-Rapho via Getty Images
"I wanted them not to imagine, not to sympathise, not to be able to feel what they feel," Pourriat says. "So often when women get assaulted, people say it's their fault. Even close people. That's what I wanted to say with this character." They say that the film "came from a personal experience. I was a woman. I was 30 years old. And my husband didn't believe that I was – I was not assaulted, but I got remarked on in the street. Very often. They said, 'Wow. That's incredible.' Their surprise was the beginning of the idea for me. Sometimes men – it's not their fault – they don't imagine that women are assaulted even with words every day, with small, slight words. They can't imagine that because they are not confronted with that themselves."
Pourriat realised that the film had gone viral only when they started seeing activity on Facebook. Them YouTube mailbox filled up, but the messages were so aggressive they deleted them. "I kept one though because really, you can't believe it. Someone said: 'More patronising feminist bullshit. Keep whining, bitches!' When I read that, I was more convinced than ever that I have to continue to make films."  They are already working on their next project – a mockumentary about the removal of pubic hair.
Meet Ronald
Ronald Goldman, Ph.D., a psychologist, educator, and writer, is the founder and Executive Director of the Circumcision Resource Center in Boston, a nonprofit educational organization. Their groundbreaking investigation of the unacknowledged adverse psychological and social aspects of circumcision includes hundreds of contacts with men, parents, Jews, and medical and mental health professionals.
Dr. Goldman is internationally known for their expert work on circumcision and is the author of Circumcision: The Hidden Trauma and Questioning Circumcision: A Jewish Perspective. The first book, with a foreword by renowned anthropologist Ashley Montagu, is endorsed by dozens of professionals in mental health, medicine, and social science. It includes original work on the connections between circumcision and trauma for infants and the men they become. Other writing has appeared in medical journals, newspapers, parenting publications, and Jewish periodicals.
Dr. Goldman's presentations on circumcision and its effects are offered independently to professionals, universities, expectant parents, men, and the Jewish community. They also provide counseling for those making the circumcision decision and men who have issues connected with their circumcision. Read their full bio here.
You can find Dr. Goldman at Circumcision.org and JewishCircumcision.org.
The high court turned back the anti-abortion group's plea to put the issue of personhood on the Oklahoma ballot without comment.
photo courtesy of kaibara87 via Flickr
On Monday the Supreme Court rejected without comment a bid by Personhood Oklahoma to place a proposed initiative on the Oklahoma ballot that would grant person-hood rights to fertilized human eggs, handing yet another judicial rebuke to the person-hood movement.
In April the Oklahoma Supreme Court forcefully and unanimously blocked the measure that would have asked voters to amend the state constitution to expand the definition of person to include fertilized eggs, and thereby grant fertilized eggs full and equal protection under the law. Calling the measure “clearly unconstitutional” the state's high court called the proposal “void on its face” and ordered it stricken from the November ballot.
Personhood Oklahoma appealed that order to the United States Supreme Court, arguing the Oklahoma Supreme Court was wrong to block its proposed initiative from the ballot and that doing so amounted to a violation of person-hood supporters' rights to free speech. The matter had been successfully blocked at the state court level just as supporters argue they were gathering the signatures necessary to place it on the ballot. Personhood Oklahoma argues that instead of blocking the measure, the Oklahoma Supreme Court should have allowed the voters of Oklahoma and the state legislature to vote on the matter before considering its constitutionality.
In rejecting the group's appeal the Supreme Court made clear it was not interested in second-guessing the Oklahoma Supreme Court's judgment as to whether the initiative should go on the ballot. And while not the same thing as endorsing or affirming the reasoning of the Oklahoma Supreme Court that found the idea of banning abortion via person-hood initiatives “repugnant to the Constitution,” the refusal by the U.S. Supreme Court to consider the issue is still a win for reproductive rights advocates because it takes the issue out of play for the time being.
Get the facts, direct to your inbox. Subscribe to our daily or weekly digest. SUBSCRIBE
“Pure and simple, these tactics are an affront to our nation's Constitution and a bald-faced attempt to foreclose women's access to a full range of reproductive health care” said Nancy Northrup, president and CEO of the Center for Reproductive Rights in a statement.
The case is Personhood Oklahoma v. Barber et al, U.S. Supreme Court, No. 12-145.
Survival horror Ingonga unleashed on Kickstarter
The swamplands of the deepest Louisiana have remained largely untouched and undisturbed, barring the occasional voodoo ceremony or God-of-Madness-worshipping cult. But HeyKiddo! Games is aiming to change all that in 2015 with the release of their gothic horror adventure Ingonga, at least if they're able to secure the necessary funding through Kickstarter.
In Ingonga, players will take on the role of young Luna, a woman searching an isolated island in the Louisiana bayous for their missing mother. Twenty years ago, an unspeakable evil was unleashed in this very place, and as night falls and Luna delves deeper into the island, it becomes clear that not all is as peaceful and serene as it first seemed.
Drawing on the developers' darkest nightmares for inspiration, Ingonga is a first-person survival horror game that relies on exploration and wits to advance its story, though some occasional action elements like stealth and combat will be included in flashback sequences. Players will sometimes stumble across videotapes recorded twenty years earlier by a witness to the atrocities committed here. Watching these will offer insights into the story and provide clues to solving some of the island's puzzles.
Designer Rhett Chassereau is implementing another staple perfect for the swampy setting: voodoo (this is Louisiana, after all). Contrary to its popular portrayal, however, their approach to the religion is one that will benefit and protect the player rather than acting as a malign force with which to contend. Some enemy designs are directly influenced by local folklore, and aspects of the religion are integrated into the gameplay as well. Protective gris-gris can be constructed from items found on the island; some of the Loa (voodoo spirits) play a role in either aiding you or leading you astray on your journey; and Veves, the Loa's divine symbols found around the island, send you on side missions in unique settings.
The game's trailers already look quite atmospheric and not for the faint of heart, but in order to finish production the developers are seeking to raise $65,000 by November 30th on Kickstarter. A digital copy of Ingonga is available starting at $15, and the game is slated for release exclusively on PC by November 2015. To learn more, visit the Kickstarter page for complete details.
When Bandai's S.H.Figuarts Sailor Moon was announced, they were surrounded by art of all the other Senshi so we knew we'd be getting them eventually. It makes sense they'd be joining the line in the order they joined the show, so Mercury is next up to get sculpted! Confession: she's my least favorite of the Senshi, followed by Jupiter, so while I'm not overjoyed about this announcement it's always nice to see more Sailor Moon merch.
 They are looking nice, though it's surprising that she's not painted yet: Bandai doesn't usually show off unpainted sculpts. Well, there's a first time for everything! Seeing as how Usagi came with a massive amount of extras I bet Mercury will come with just as many goodies. We better get some bubbles!
[via Seaside Tears]
Sydney FC chief executive Tony Pignata has implored the club's fans to come out in full force for Wednesday's Asian Champions League round of 16 second leg against Shandong Luneng, claiming it ranks as one of the most important matches in the club's history.
While many thought victory to the Western Sydney Wanderers in 2014 would accelerate national interest in the competition, promoting the tournament to Australian fans remains a particularly tough sell in comparison with the A-League.
Sydney FC began their home ACL campaign against Guangzhou Evergrande with a crowd of 18,149 – but almost half came in support of the visiting team. The next match, against Korean side Pohang Steelers, saw only 5642 attend and despite Urawa Reds' reputation as an Asian superpower, just 8802 turned up.
Shandong Luneng have a smaller footprint in Australia and while they are expected to bring some support to Allianz Stadium, it won't be enough to swell a crowd that Pignata feels won't match the significance of the occasion.
Slides on Bitcoin/Blockchain Technology by Dr. Courtois [2013-2016]:
They have now been split into many parts:
0. Overview of Blockchain Security Engineering (-in crypto we trust-) (Paris 15 Nov 2016)
0. Introduction to Bitcoin. Older versions 2016 and 2015.
A. Open Problems in Security of Blockchains [Paris April 2016].
0. Bitcoin: security and freedom (Paris 21 Nov 2014),
0. Bitcoin: Cryptographer's Dream (Royal Institution, London, April 2015)
7. Bitcoin and Blockchain revolution (planned to be presented here).
0. Bitcoin and Blockchain Security (speed=>security)
1. Bitcoin and money,
2. P2P currency,
Introductory maths/CS slides about Groups and ECCs,
Slides on elliptic curve cryptography in bitcoin (fewer maths, more for engineers): ECCs in bitcoin.
3abcdef. Bitcoin ECDSA and Attacks Survey,
3bef. Bitcoin Secure/Cold Storage and Wallets Survey,
3a. Bitcoin and digital signatures, malleability (old and before Gox),
3as. Bitcoin digital signatures and Segwit,(recent 2018),
3ac. Bitcoin and digital signatures, RFC6979,
3b. Bitcoin key_management, HD Wallets, BIP032,
3br. Bitcoin Brain wallet cracking slides and paper.
3c. Bitcoin and ECDSA, bad_randoms and basic attacks,
3d. Bitcoin and ECDSA: advanced combination_attacks on bitcoin wallet_systems, see also this paper,
3e. Tutorial: how to secure your bitcoins with a MultiSig Wallet in practice,
3f. Tutorial: how to secure your bitcoins with a smart card in practice,
4. Mining,
5a. Bitcoin vs. altcoins, evolution, security, competition, bad vs. good, crowding out,
5b. Altcoins reward desctruction reform etc,
6. Anonymity Crime,
6. Anonymity Monero Z.Cash: shorter/long we also recommend this free online course.
6s. Stealth Address Techniques as presented at ICISSP 2017.
7. Bitcoins and stock markets,
8. Internet 3.0.,
9. Bitcoin engineering, governance, the open source model,
E. Electronic payments (2010)
B. My old slides about bank card technology.
Slides on Bitcoin by well-known researchers:
Mix of all sorts of slides, more or less advanced , sometimes specialist. This source is good at providing proper scientific insights into bitcoin technology and placing it in the context of research literature.
One might have thought that with Monday's announcement that Intel is going to produce processors with embedded AMD GPUs, the two processor companies were on good terms. That's looking a little less likely now. On Tuesday, AMD announced that Raja Koduri, its chief GPU architect, will leave the company. Where are they going? That question was resolved on Wednesday: Intel. And what's they going to do at Intel? He's going to be the senior vice president of a new group—Core and Visual Computing—that will expand Intel's graphics reach both into the low-end, with integrated graphics reaching into the Internet-of-Things space, and more excitingly, at the high end, with discrete GPUs.
Koduri led AMD's Radeon Technologies Group, responsible for both AMD's discrete and integrated GPUs. Before that, they were director of graphics technology at Apple.
Intel has dabbled with discrete GPUs before; its 740 GPU, released in 1998, was a standalone part using the then-new AGP port. A second attempt to build a standalone GPU was the Larrabee project, but that never shipped as a GPU. In 2009, Larrabee was repositioned, with Intel deciding to make it a massively multicore accelerator—the predecessor to the current Xeon Phi chips—rather than a graphics processor.
With neither 740 nor Larrabee delivering the GPU market success that Intel hoped for, the company has stuck with integrated GPUs since. The company's mainstream GPU architecture, called "Gen" for want of a better term, had its ninth major revision in the Skylake processor. It's been marginally revised for Kaby Lake, with current chips being Gen 9.5. Intel has used iterations of Gen across most of its product line, though at the very lowest end it has also shipped third-party GPUs.
The Gen architecture is arguably one of the more advanced GPU designs on the market; the individual execution units (EUs) used for computing shader programs are very flexible and can be independently programmed, features that should make the GPUs readily adaptable to both computational tasks and straight graphics. The design also offers some degree of scalability; internally it's organized into "slices" of 24 EUs each, and the company has shipped GPUs with one, two, or three slices.
But in comparison to the discrete GPUs from AMD and Nvidia, Intel's GPUs have tended to be small, with far fewer execution resources than would be found in a discrete part. And while Intel has built some processors with embedded DRAM to help accelerate graphics performance, it has never paired its GPUs with large pools of high-speed dedicated graphics memory.
Nonetheless, the Intel integrated graphics have been squarely in the "good enough" territory for most laptop and a large proportion of desktop users. This "good enough" performance has given Intel something between about 60 and 75 percent of the graphics market—but if the company wants to move beyond that into the smaller but lucrative discrete graphics market, it needs to be building discrete parts with much better performance. Strength in this market would also give Intel a stronger position in fields such as machine learning and supercomputing, as these are markets where GPUs and GPU-like chips have found considerable reach.
What's not clear at this time is precisely how Intel wants to move into this space. An expanded and enlarged version of its Gen architecture would be the quickest win—slap together a bunch of slices, dedicated graphics memory, and a hefty power budget, and you have a discrete GPU. If Koduri has been brought on to develop an all-new architecture, we would be unlikely to see the fruits of that work for a good four years. A hybrid of the two plans is also possible; a beefed up Gen9.5 part now and a new architecture later.
Whatever the plan, hiring Koduri suggests that Intel is taking this market seriously. Intel may have failed to crack the discrete GPU market twice already, but the third time may prove to be the charm. If Intel can find the success that has so far eluded it—certainly possible, given its still strong manufacturing capabilities and new expertise—then it could put the squeeze on both Nvidia and AMD.
Listing image by Intel
We shrink from change; yet is there anything that can come into being without it? – Marcus Aurelius
I guess the desire to be surrounded by common people is embedded in us by evolution. We survive by sticking together in a family, tribe. Presumably, this is also why we feel comfortable being surrounded by a less diverse crowd. In this context, new or unfamiliar means “danger”. These questions are being investigated by much smarter people than me, though I cannot help but speculate that it is not what nature has initially intended for us. More so, this type of approach has hindered and in many ways continues to stall our progress quite significantly. If we think about it, sharing, trading and mingling with other cultures really brought out the best in us. Once we discovered ways to commute and, more importantly, communicate with others we reached new heights on all fronts. So it seems any challenges that might be associated with the new, different and unknown, even ultimately dangerous at times, really tend to make us push our limits and establish a new norm, typically a better one. So whenever we are “comfortable” in our surroundings and “satisfied”, we are in danger of missing out on truly maximizing our potential, as people, group, society.
I see some resemblance to local vs global maxima problem in mathematics, i.e., what seems like a maximum value (of a given function) is really is just a (much) smaller value compared to the true maximum value. This is really a result of not having a “bird's-eye view” of the function (i.e., see the big picture). We only can estimate what it really is, like searching in the dark. This is how I feel about our tendency to be afraid of change, any change. We are stuck in the local maxima of the “function of life”. If we had the ability to zoom out and see all the possible values of this complex function, I think we would discover that we really need diversity to reach its global maxima.
To strengthen my point, I think it is useful to look at a domain such as Engineering. To me, this is a great example of how diversity can be used to build larger and bigger things. We designed systems that are capable of doing incredible things. We devised complex theories and have shown that by combining a mixture of very diverse techniques and methodologies facilitates a path to amazing things. Our system designs are based on many different ideas, programming languages, instructions, machine commands and finally bits. Researchers and engineers are constantly looking for inspiration, ideas from different domains, as well as finding ways to connect many different components which make for a more robust system. I know that perhaps this generalization can be interpreted to mean something completely different. For example, we always try to harmonise the components to make sure they work as one, but the point really is that as engineers (and designers) we really are not afraid to bring in new diverse components, while when it comes to our personal life, diversity can sometimes be misinterpreted as an unwanted thing.
While building systems, as engineers we think of the “big picture”: finding ways for different components to work together to make a better system, as people, outside engineering, we tend to be happy with the “local maxima”. In other words, as designers and engineers we embrace and even seek diversity, however, collectively as humanity we seem to be afraid of it or challenge its benefits.
Granted, things are gradually changing. We notice the workplaces start to encourage diversity, also diversity is more often spoken about and students are motivated to write essays about it. Like this one. Nevertheless, to me, it seems that we already failed the “diversity test” once we feel that we need to motivate diversity. My argument here is that in many domains diversity is not encouraged it's the expected norm; it's hidden and not obvious and that what makes it so powerful. We shouldn't forget that, after all, diversity is a yet another label we humans invented alongside many other labels. These make our life easier: We can blame, glorify, worship and cherish things that are well defined, concepts that are visible and understood to us. Yet there is a great power in the unknown and combining different ideas, people and verity of other things tend to work out well collectively.
In summary, I think by limiting diversity (in anything) we limit progress, any positive progress. It is hard to fight our inherent feelings and perspectives that were formed by our experiences as we grow, but we can always be aware of their limitation and use heuristics to improve ourselves and the processes we manage. As a rule, if you are building something that lacks diversity, you are probably doing it wrong. If you are part of the team of people who are very similar to each other, you are at a risk of stalling your progress. All rules/habits have “exceptions”, learning from those that challenge our conventional thinking is what diversity is all about.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Disqus
Alright, I understand that the gaming world is a vast ocean of variety, but I cannot help but notice that the gamers of the female variance are getting a bad rap. I wouldn't consider myself a “hardcore” gamer, but I do consider myself qualified to write on the perspective of gaming as a female. Which, as it just so happens, is not very different from gaming as a man. I've read these articles written by females who feel they are being oppressed by the male gaming community, and they all have one thing in common; they're playing games known to have bad fan bases! Sure, there are bad apples in every gaming community, but eat from a tree you know is rotting versus a tree flourishing with delicious fruit, you can't really complain if it tastes bad. You made your choice. I'm noticing a trend of female gamers citing their “awesome kill streak” in games such as Call of Duty and Halo, which, as far as I can remember, are “normie” games. Whoops, shots fired. Yeah I said it, those games are for casual gamers. Now, remember that this is an opinion piece, so stop writing those angry emails for a second and hear me out. At least within my circle of gaming friends, games such as Call of Duty, Halo, and League of Legends are well known for being a cesspool of angry fourteen year olds ready to tear you up. Not even your mother is safe from their wrath. This is where girls come in.
What mean, nasty boys!
Not so fast. Lets take a step into a less popular game's community. Where is the cussing? Why is nobody commenting on my mental health or insulting my mother? Why is nobody infuriated over my genders clear gaming disadvantage? Why am I being treated like an equal? What's going on? Surprise! The gaming community as a whole is actually not any better or worse than real life. Head to a slummy place of town and you're bound to run into a bad crowd. How you will be treated as a woman in the gaming world is directly equivalent to how you will be treated in the real world.
Anyway, here's a top ten list of things girls say they experience as female gamers, and my own personal experiences in contrast.
1. Going into a gaming store and being asked if you are shopping for a male relative or boyfriend
This has never happened to me. Somehow despite my femaleness they can comprehend that a woman can purchase and enjoy video games. Maybe Canadians are just too nice to comment on your purchase and keep their prejudice to themselves, who knows. Or maybe, just maybe, we have evolved beyond this silliness.
2. Assuming you only play casual games.
Again, this has never happened, but I will admit there is an element of surprise to admitting I've leveled a Protection Paladin to 90 in World of Warcraft.
3. Girls only play video games for attention.
I'm inclined to agree with this statement, not as a general truth of all female gamers, but in reference to gaming as a fad and the growing number of individuals trying to prove how “geeky” they are. Kind of like the growing number of fedora wearers. People are mistaking female gamers for “gurl gamerz”.
4. Being offended by scantily clad armoured women in video games.
Yes, and the male characters muscles are entirely realistic to real life proportions. Fan service goes both ways folks! Personally, I'm not offended in the slightest by the armour choices. In some Massively Multiplayer Online Roleplaying Games like Final Fantasy FFXIV: A Realm Reborn, I'm even a bit saddened by the lack of immodest, showy clothing choices for female characters. Nothing a little glamour can't fix. I'll admit it, I actually like being a magical Barbie doll.
5. Being hit on by guys in game and receiving free items, currency, and runs.
It's true, it's all true, I'm so sorry, oh god. I can admit this is an actual thing, as much as I wish it wasn't. It's extremely beneficial to spawn your first character in a game only to be bombarded with gifts, money, and power leveling. Is it shameful? Heck yes it is. Do they ask to skype with me? Heck yes they do. Do I say yes? Heck no I don't. I probably shouldn't accept the items and money either, or the free dungeon runs and leveling. I'm sure they do this with all the girls though, so there's enough items, currency, and runs to go around. Share the wealth!
6. Girls only play “girl” games.
I've played Candy Crush, heck, who hasn't? I'm not ashamed to admit that. I've played the Sims 1, 2, 3, and 4. I've played a lot of titles commonly considered girl games. I've also seen a lot of men playing these games as well. I don't think it's entirely fair to say that a boy game is and what a girl game is, because then men will feel shameful for enjoying a healthy round of Mario Kart. That's just wrong. The day men are afraid of Nintendo is a dark day for us all. I loved Barbie: Race and Ride. Sorry not sorry.
7. The hurting of fragile egos.
Maybe this is a thing. I secretly take full delight when I beat my boyfriend in any game we play together. I think everybody likes to win, as it's comparable to a shot of adrenaline straight into the blood stream.
8. Thinking female live streamers are cam whores.
I think male streamers are cam whores too.
9. Girls only play as female characters.
It really depends on the game. In an MMO I want the character to be my persona, in a game like Samurai Warriors I want to play whoever is strongest, male or female.
10. Hating being called a “girl gamer”.
I'm a girl, and I'm a gamer! They speak the truth. It'll stop being weird in a decade or so.
New from Aperture Labs Life-size, 40" inflatable turret protects your home and loved ones
Fill it with all your hot air
To acquire hot air, think about the lemons
Drastic times call for drastic measures, friends of Science. Aperture Science had to make some cutbacks to the production line when OSHA shut down the main plant. Something about air quality or lead paint in the water pipes. Silly, really. That's what waivers are for. Anyhoo, we can't get you any real, bullet-firing turrets, but we did manage to hijack a pool float factory long enough to make a bunch of these inflatable ones.
Fill this 40" turret with all the hot air in your lungs (just think about life giving you lemons) and then position it wherever you need more protection: outside your baby's room, in front of the pie that's cooling, or by your swimming pool to keep the neighborhood kids at bay. Practice your best rendition of "Target acquired" and watch as people run away in fear.
Product Specifications
This article is over 4 years old
The head of a New York City police union said on Saturday officers should not be held responsible for the death of a drugged-out man in custody.
The New York Police Department is being investigated following the 13 July death of Ronald Singleton. The 45-year-old was high on PCP when officers attempting to hospitalise them restrained him.
The medical examiner's office says the restraint led to their death.
The NYPD is also being investigated over the chokehold death of Eric Garner on Staten Island, four days after Singleton died. Garner, 43, was being arrested for selling untaxed, loose cigarettes when they were placed in the chokehold.
Patrolmen's Benevolent Association President Patrick Lynch said on Saturday drugs placed the user's life in jeopardy – not police.
Lynch said officers were trained to follow protocols that ensure the safety of those being arrested.
KNOXVILLE, Tenn — A rainy day in the land of the Vols became a beautiful day to remember for Nashville FC fans. Their team, in it's first ever regular season competition, dismantled Knoxville FC in the form of a 4-1 drubbing.
There has been plenty of hype surrounding Nashville's founder based football club. However, most have been unsure about what the results on the pitch would look like. NFC founders and fans could not have asked for a better start to the inaugural season.
Nashville F.C. took only four shots all game but found the back of the net on all of them.
The game didn't seem too promising in the beginning when the Force drew first blood in the fifteenth minute.
Down 1-0 in the 26th minute, the man of the match from the I-65 Cup, Asmir Pervan, scored the first ever regular season goal for Nashville FC. That equalizing score would be the beginning of what could end up being the best 7 minutes of football NFC fans will see all season.
Four minutes later, Brandon Whitset gave the visitors the lead and just moments after that, in the 33rd, minute Nick Romero struck one from 30 yards out The ball beat the keeper, putting Nashville in the drivers seat with a 3-1 lead.
That would be the halftime score and the match wouldn't see another goal until stoppage time.
In the 91st minute, Walker Mainwaring provided the icing on the cake with the fourth goal.
Another road game awaits Nashville. They will travel to Chattanooga FC next Saturday with hopes of starting off the season 2-0-0.
Side note: No disrespect to LFC supporters but this was the tweet of the night.
3 goals in 7 min. Are they playing Liverpool? MT @Nashville_FC: GOOOAAALLL! Nick Romero! From 30 yards out! 3-1 NFC! 33′ #OurTownOurClub — Luke Thompson (@MySweetLuke) May 11, 2014
K Datuk Seri Jamil Khir Baharom said investigations have to be first carried out on ‘Raja Bomoh' after their recent ritual that they claimed was to ‘fence off' Malaysia from any attacks from North Korea. — Picture by Saw Siow Feng UALA LUMPUR, March 22 ― A minister has said that self-declared Raja Bomoh, or “King of Shamans”, is being summoned by Islamic authorities to explain their conduct, but clarified that this does not necessarily mean that they are breaching Islamic medicine guidelines.
Datuk Seri Jamil Khir Baharom, the minister in charge of Islamic affairs, said investigations have to be first carried out on the individual whose actual name is Datuk Ibrahim Mat Zin, after their recent ritual that they claimed was to “fence off” Malaysia from any attacks from North Korea.
“However we are not saying that Raja Bomoh has deviated from the guidelines of Islamic medicine as claimed, but we have to investigate first.
“If the statement given does not follow the law, then it will be an offence and we will take further action,” the minister in the Prime Minister's Department was quoted saying yesterday by local daily Utusan Malaysia.
The minister reportedly refuted claims however that the federal government was allowing the activities of bomoh or shamans in the country.
“In the village community, experts in massage and traditional medicine is also called bomoh and it is allowed because it does not violate Islamic laws.
“Have to understand lah. Don't twist statements to say I allow actions such as this Raja Bomoh. That is not true,” they said.
In a separate report by local daily Sinar Harian, Perak exco member Datuk Mohd Nizar Zakaria said Ibrahim's latest actions that had become viral had taken place in Terengganu and Kuala Lumpur, which meant those two states have jurisdiction to open investigation papers on the latter.
They said they were told the Federal Territories Islamic Religious Department had already opened investigation papers to probe Ibrahim.
They said the Perak Islamic Religious Department (JAIPk) had in the past launched an investigation on Ibrahim and sent a letter to their home in Perak, but said their family members and neighbours did not know of their whereabouts and they had failed to show up for the probe. This was before a fatwa issued after a 2014 meeting, they said.
They noted that the Perak Fatwa Committee had after a September 2014 meeting issued a fatwa or edict that any bomoh rituals and ceremonies conducted by Ibrahim with or without any objects whether for medical, bomoh or other purposes was against Islamic laws and haram, orf orbidden to Muslims.
Sulaiman Nordin, the village head of Kampung Bermin in Perak where Ibrahim's wife came from, reportedly urged them to surrender to assist in investigations by JAIPk.
“This matter cannot be left alone because it hurts the feelings of Muslims, what more when the ritual was done by a Muslim bomoh,” they were quoted saying by Sinar Harian.
They also said villagers seldom see Ibrahim returning to their wife's home in the village and said they have yet to see them this year.
CNN, Fox News, and evening news shows on NBC, ABC, and CBS largely ignored a June 23 report by the New York Times that New Jersey Governor Chris Christie's (R) administration may be tied to a second bridge investigation involving possible securities law violations.
New York Times Reports Christie Administration Investigated For Possible Misconduct In Second Bridge Inquiry
New York Times: "2nd Bridge Inquiry Said To Be Linked To Christie." On June 23, the New York Times reported that the investigation into the apparently politically-motivated closing of two lanes on the George Washington Bridge by New Jersey Governor Chris Christie's administration has uncovered a separate set of "possible securities law violations stemming from a $1.8 billion road repair agreement in 2011":
The inquiries into securities law violations focus on a period of 2010 and 2011 when Gov. Chris Christie's administration pressed the Port Authority to pay for extensive repairs to the Skyway and related road projects, diverting money that was to be used on a new Hudson River rail tunnel that Mr. Christie canceled in October 2010. Again and again, Port Authority lawyers warned against the move: The Pulaski Skyway, they noted, is owned and operated by the state, putting it outside the agency's purview, according to dozens of memos and emails reviewed by investigators and obtained by The New York Times. But the Christie administration relentlessly lobbied to use the money for the Skyway, with Mr. Christie announcing publicly that the state planned to rely on Port Authority funds even before an agreement was reached. Eventually, the authority justified the Skyway repairs by casting the bridge as an access road to the Lincoln Tunnel, even though they are not directly connected. [The New York Times, 6/23/14]
Christie Administration's Actions May Have Violated The Martin Act. The New York Times further explained that the Christie administration may have violated securities laws:
In bond documents describing the Skyway reconstruction and other repairs, the Port Authority has called the projects "Lincoln Tunnel Access Infrastructure Improvements." The accuracy of this characterization is now a major focus of the investigations, according to several people briefed on the matter. Under a New York State law known as the Martin Act, prosecutors can bring felony charges for intentionally deceiving bondholders, without having to prove any intent to defraud or even establish that any fraud occurred. [The New York Times, 6/23/14]
Cable News, Broadcast Evening News Shows Largely Ignore New Christie Investigation
CNN And Fox News Largely Ignored Christie Allegations While MSNBC Provided Substantial Coverage. According to a Media Matters transcript search of all shows on MSNBC, Fox News, and CNN between June 24 and June 26, MSNBC gave the story the most attention with 34 minutes and 43 seconds. CNN devoted a total of one minute and 55 seconds to the report, while Fox completely ignored it.
Broadcast Evening News Shows Silent On Report Of New Inquiry Into Christie Administration. A Media Matters transcript search of CBS Evening News with Scott Pelly, ABC's World News with Diane Sawyer, and NBC Nightly News with Brian Williams between June 24 and June 26 found no mention of the New York Times report of a new investigation into the Christie administration for possible violations of securities law.
Methodology
Media Matters searched Snapstream and Nexis using the search term "Christie" in the 48 hours between 5 A.M. on June 24 and 5 A.M. on June 26. Media Matters counted the number of minutes cable news channels Fox, MSNBC, CNN, and network broadcast news (ABC, NBC, and CBS) mentioned Christie and whether or not those segments referenced the allegations against Christie reported by The New York Times. Only those segments that mentioned the investigation were counted.
Tokyo Clanpool launches October 5 in Japan
Compile Heart's latest PS Vita dungeon RPG dated.
Tokyo Clanpool will launch for PS Vita in Japan on October 5, the latest issue of Dengeki PlayStation reveals.
The story of Tokyo Clanpool is set in near-future Tokyo, when an upside-down city suddenly appears in the sky, and a tower stretching from the city connects to the National Diet Building to form the demonic “Dark World Diet Tower.” In order to fight against the monsters overflowing into the city and clear the tower, the protagonist Natsume Kannuki assumes the office of first-generation prime minister and leads a cabinet of girls.
In addition to the release date, Dengeki PlayStation has details on a powered-up form for the hero and company called “Holy Manifestation Mode.” During battle, the girls equip their “Digi-Skins,” but by switching over to Holy Manifestation Mode, an aura will surround and further enhance them. The magazine has visuals of Natsume, as well as party members Chiyo Saionji, Hotaru Urushihara, and Mikuri Kirigakure in their Digi-Skins and Holy Manifestation Modes, as well as comments from character designer Tsunako.
Here's a look at Natsume in their standard look, Digi-Skin, and Holy Manifestation Mode:
Natsume – Standard Natsume – Digi-Skin Natsume – Holy Manifestation Mode
The magazine also has an introduction to the game's “Gadgeteers” system, which described as essential to Holy Manifestation Mode. Gadgeteers are cyber spirits themed after gadgets and designed by well-known illustrators. Here is a look at one of the Gadgeteers:
Thanks, Dengeki Online.
Share. "For us, it's about the content." "For us, it's about the content."
Nintendo is more focused on delivering great content rather than making its next console, codenamed NX, a technical powerhouse, according NoA president Reggie Fils-Aime.
When asked how Nintendo NX will stack up against Sony and Microsoft's forthcoming hardware revisions—namely PlayStation 4 NEO and Xbox One Scorpio—Fils-Aime told Bloomberg (via Nibel): "For us, it's not about specs, it's not about teraflops, it's not about the horsepower of a particular system. For us, it's about the content."
Exit Theatre Mode
Fils-Aime continued: "We're focused on bringing our best entertainment to both the Wii U and the NX in the future. So for us, whatever Microsoft and Sony are doing in terms of talking about new systems, that's for them to fight out in that red ocean."
Nintendo opted against revealing its new console at this year's E3, but plans to share more about NX later this year. Company president Tatsumi Kimishima has made it clear NX won't be a "pure replacement for the Wii U" and will instead offer a "new way of playing games" when it launches in March 2017.
Exit Theatre Mode
Alex Osborn is a freelance writer for IGN. You can follow them on Twitter and subscribe to them on YouTube.
Spread the love
In times passed, to become a state trooper, one had to have a college degree. However, instead of keeping these standards higher for those tasked with upholding the law in Kentucky, times have changed.
The Kentucky State Police seem to be so pressed for new recruits they're relaxing educational and experience requirements in an effort to attract more candidates to their profession.
For many years, the bar was set pretty high for the state's police force, which included the equivalent of two years of college and two years of experience as a member of the armed forces or police force. But now the KY state police are taking applicants who hold a high school diploma, a GED, and three years of experience as a soldier or a cop.
In some odd form of double speak, the state troopers are saying that lowering the standards for state troopers is not lowering the standards for state troopers. Trooper David Loudermilk, a six-year veteran of the KY State Police told reporters the lowering of the entrance requirements doesn't represent a lowering of standards for admittance. WCPO reported;
This doesn't represent a lowering of standards. New recruits will still undergo the same rigorous 24-week training regime, take the same tests and be subject to the same background check as they always have been. The difference now is that a wider variety of people can join the force.
“All we're doing is widening the opportunity for people who maybe didn't have the chance to go to college…We're really opening a door for them to be able to fulfill their dream of coming on,” Loudermilk said.
Coincidentally, as the Free Thought Project has pointed out in the past, the training requirements for hairdressers are often times two or three-fold longer and more rigorous than training for police. In Kentucky, a licensed cosmetologist is required to undergo twice as much training as a state trooper.
It has been the stance of The Free Thought Project that police require more training, a thorough education in the law, and de-escalation of conflict techniques which go way beyond a summer police academy. Kentucky's decision to lower the bar leaves more questions than answers as to how their policy change will benefit the public it is sworn to protect.
Already, as TFTP has observed and reported, there appears to be a preponderance of state patrolmen who are abusing their badge, and authority, often violating the civil liberties of people with whom they interact. Lowering the educational standards for troopers seems destined to result in more infractions of civil liberties.
Public relations officer David Jones said troop levels have not seen the crisis they witnessed in 2015, but added, “We want as many applicants as we can (get)…We want to hire the best…Anybody could get through the training if they want to, but you've got to have the want and the desire to get through it.”
Lowering the educational requirements to applicants with GED's and High School Diplomas seems contradictory to both men's statements. Not only does it seem as though Kentucky has lowered its standards, but asking for “the best” applicants while being content to accept those who were unable to even graduate high school is contrary to logic.
In a state where the cost of living is much lower than in other states, Kentucky pays its first-year state troopers about 40,000 per year. That should be enough to attract many troopers from out of state to the Appalachian Mountain state to work, without lowering educational standards.
Dropping the state standards to those with a basic education has many scratching their heads wondering and asking the question, “why?”
Lowering the bar should come as no surprise given the fact that a federal court ruled police departments across the nation can discriminate against applicants who are too smart.
This decision by the US Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit to condone the ability of police departments to discriminate against smart people is one of the most profoundly ridiculous moves ever made. But it also tends to explain the state of police departments today.
It takes a special kind of person to go to work every day and harass, kidnap, and kill people for victimless crimes. The act of unquestioningly carrying out orders to ruin the lives of good people whose only “crime” was to do with their own body as they wish, would eventually have to raise the eyebrow of a person with a higher level of intelligence…or so we'd like to think.
Knowing that this ability to discriminate against intelligence in police departments exists coupled with the lowering of the academic bar tends to put ‘Police State USA' in perspective. In the past decade, we've seen heavily militarized actions against non-violent protesters. We've even seen school districts accepting MRAPs. And we've watched from the sidelines as Mayberry transformed to Martial Law.
A smart person does not deliberately tear gas journalists. A smart person does not point a rifle at an innocent person and tell them that they are going to kill him. A smart person does not severely beat a person with down syndrome because they see a bulge in their pants, which is actually a colostomy bag. A smart person does not continuously shoot at an unarmed man who posed zero threat and whose arms are in the air.
If more people knew this information you could rest assured that they would try and reform their police departments. No one wants their police officers to be unintelligent, right?
Controversial filmmaker Michael Moore helped to expose what happened to Jordan as well as the ridiculous notion of discriminating based on intelligence levels, on their show “The Awful Truth.” The 8-minute segment, while hilarious, paints an ominous picture of adhering to such tactics.
Web scraping enables businesses to take unstructured data on the world wide web and turn it into structured data so that it can be consumed by their applications, providing significant business value
Stock Market and Financial Data Gather data about global financial markets, stock markets, trading, commodity and economic indicators. Enhance and augment the data available to analysts and internal financial models to make them perform better.
Product, Pricing and Review Data Scrape product prices, availability, reviews, inventory, prominence, reputation from eCommerce websites. Monitor your distribution chain, analyze customer reviews and improve your products and profits with this data.
Real Estate and Housing Data Scrape Real Estate listings, Agents, Brokers, Houses, Apartments, Mortgages, Foreclosures, MLS. Keep a watch on new data by setting up custom email alerts.
Job Data and Human Capital Find the best candidates for your company or keep tabs on who your competition is hiring. Aggregate jobs from job boards or company websites - all this can be accomplished through web scraping.
Travel, Hotel and Airline Data Collect data from travel websites. Gather hotel reviews, pricing, room availability and airline ticket prices accurately using our advanced web scraping services. Stay competitive through the use of data.
Dark and Deep Web Data The Dark web and the Deep web is a gold mine ready to be exploited. Data around cybersecurity, threats and crime related trends can be gathered for value-added analysis.
Sales Leads Get fresh sales leads relevant to your business using targeted scraping techniques. Enrich the data with emails, phone numbers and social media profiles for your sales or marketing campaigns.
Data for Research and Journalism Power your next research project or news story with data from the web - Environmental Data, Third World Development Data, Crime Data, Local and Global trends etc.
Bipartisan group in US Congress promotes drone killings
By Patrick Martin
1 December 2012
A large bipartisan group in Congress is promoting the building and use of drones, according to an investigative report published November 25 in the San Francisco Chronicle and the Houston Chronicle.
The report was made public the same day that the New York Times reported that drone strikes ordered by President Obama have killed more than 2,500 people over the past four years, and that the Obama administration was moving ahead to codify and formalize the procedure for targeting individuals and groups for deadly violence by CIA and Pentagon drone operators.
The report by the Center for Responsive Politics and Hearst newspapers examined the flow of campaign contributions from corporations engaged in building and arming drones to Democratic and Republican members of congress and senators.
The biggest donors include General Atomics, which makes the Predator, the number one remote killer for the CIA and Pentagon; BAE Systems, which makes the Mantis and Taranis drones; Boeing Co., maker of the hydrogen-fueled Phantom Eye; Honeywell International, which makes the RQ-16 T-Hawk; Lockheed Martin, which makes the RQ-170 Sentinel; and Raytheon Co., maker of the Cobra.
More than $8 million in campaign contributions from drone manufacturers and operators has flowed into the coffers of the 60 members of the House Unmanned Systems Caucus. The majority of the House members are from California, Texas, Virginia and New York, including the chairperson of the House Armed Services Committee, Howard “Buck” McKeown, a California Republican, and Silvestre Reyes, a Texas Democrat who lost a primary election and leaves Congress at the end of the year.
The Senate group of drone promoters comprises eight members, including liberal Democrat Kirsten Gillibrand of New York, and is co-chaired by Democrat Joe Manchin of West Virginia.
The very existence of what the CRP/Hearst report calls the “drone caucus” is an indication of the profound degeneration of American democracy. It was not so long ago, in the 1970s, that leading Democrat Henry Jackson became notorious as the “senator from Boeing.” Now an entire caucus has been formed of promoters of weapons of mass murder. What is next: The napalm caucus? The poison gas caucus?
According to the CRP/Hearst report, the principal activity of the “drone” caucus has been to promote the use of these weapons within the United States, including passage of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act, signed into law by President Obama on February 14, which requires the FAA to complete the integration of unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) into the national airspace by September 2015.
Drones have become big business for US police agencies, beginning with the federal Department of Homeland Security, which recently signed a $443 million deal with General Atomics to increase its fleet of Predator drones—capable of firing missiles as well as surveillance—from 10 to 24.
The FAA projects that 30,000 drones could be flying in US airspace within 20 years, operated by local, state and national police and security agencies, as well as private corporations.
The US buildup has sparked a global arms race in drone building and deployment. More than 50 countries operate surveillance drones, and many of these are beginning to fit their drones with weapons.
According to a Pentagon study, enemy drones could be a “very serious threat” to US aircraft carriers and other large ships, and to “supply convoys and other combat support assets which have not had to deal with an airborne threat in generations.”
While the US has 8,000 drones deployed and plans to spend $37 billion on drone warfare over the next eight years, a recent report by the Pentagon's Defense Science Board noted with considerable worry, “For UAVs, the US currently has limited dedicated defensive capabilities other than fighters or surface-to-air missiles, giving the enemy a significant asymmetric cost advantage. … The increasing worldwide focus on unmanned systems highlights how US military success has changed global strategic thinking and spurred a race for unmanned aircraft.”
For the time being, the US military-industrial complex holds the lead in the drone arms race, but the Pentagon study pointed to the “asymmetric cost advantage.” In other words, drones can be a cheap and cost-effective alternative for countries that cannot afford ICBMs and aircraft carriers.
Gallagher, Price and KRW Law's Booth, which was commissoned by Boyla LEAH FARRELL
Solicitors from a Belfast law firm, who co-wrote a report on the concentration of ownership in Irish media, claim their lives have been put at risk by a statement by Denis O'Brien criticising their findings.
Last Thursday, KRW Law wrote to O'Brien to complain about a statement issued by their spokesperson James Morrissey, in response to a report compiled by the lawyers for the GUE/NGL group in the European parliament, which includes Sinn Fein.
The report, commissioned by the Sinn Fein MEP Lynn Boylan, criticised O'Brien's level of media ownership in the Republic and said this, coupled with their tendency to sue for defamation, had the potential for a “chilling effect” on news-gathering and reporting in the public interest.
While acknow-ledging that O'Brien was “unhappy”…
Something stinks in Irwindale. In recent months, officials in the largely industrial San Gabriel Valley city have appeared to be on a crusade to shut down Huy Fong Foods, the company that makes a wildly popular Sriracha sauce, for emitting chili and garlic odors that bother some neighbors. While a city should protect residents from harmful and/or unpleasant fumes, Irwindale's aggressive and unreasonable tactics have threatened to drive a home-grown enterprise out of state and bolstered California's unfortunate reputation as a bad place to do business.
But there may be hope for compromise in the Sriracha showdown. The city has already sued Huy Fong Foods to stop production if the odors continue. This week the City Council was on the verge of designating the factory a public nuisance, but postponed the decision for two weeks to allow more time for a settlement with Chief Executive Officer David Tran. It's about time Irwindale leaders took a less heavy-handed approach, particularly since they lured the company to relocate to the city and to build a $40-million factory, which was completed just last year.
Tran, a Vietnamese immigrant who started their company in a small space in L.A's Chinatown, moved to Irwindale after the city offered land in its industrial development project area and a 10-year interest-only loan so they could triple their sauce output. But while Irwindale is mostly industrial — there are fewer than 1,500 residents — Huy Fong Foods is across the street from homes, and some neighbors have complained that spicy odors are making their throats burn, eyes water and noses bleed.
What could have been. Sigh.
Washington Capitals General Manager George McPhee has yet to finalize the 2013-14 on-ice roster, but at least one of the organization's off-ice squads is now set. Following two days of tryouts and interviews held at the Verizon Center over the weekend, the Caps introduced fans to the latest iteration of the cheerleading and community relations team known as the Red Rockers. But two rather visible Caps fans were turned away from the auditions.
Ranger Ryan and Ranger Nathan, the spandex-and-helmet-and-also-fanny-pack-wearing duo known as the Brouwer Rangers, had been training all summer in hopes of making the Red Rocker 2013-14 squad.
“What is there to say?” Ranger Ryan said when contacted by RMNB for comment. “We studied hours of tape, practiced our Gangnam Style dances until our feet bled, and spent weeks in the gym working on our t-shirt throwing arms. All for naught. I wouldn't say I'm totally devastated, but I'm pretty devastated.”
“We really thought we had what it would take,” Ranger Nathan added. “The audition information said to wear form-fitting pants and form-fitting tops, Well, check and check. We've got that covered. But I guess that just wasn't enough.”
Both Brouwer Rangers said they made sacrifices to prepare for the audition.
“I lost about 50 pounds over the last year,” said Ranger Nathan. “I told my wife it was for my health, but it wasn't. It just wasn't. I wanted to be in peak Rockin' the Red shape for the audition. I feel like I've already regained 25 of those pounds from the comfort eating.”
The duo even had what they called “semi-non-professional” headshots taken to include with their applications and resume. Unfortunately, the effort to become the first male Red Rockers in five years was a no-go-go. The pair confirmed that they weren't given a chance to strut their stuff, but it wasn't because of gender. The Rangers were told that their motif “doesn't fit the Red Rockers brand.”
When it was all said and done, the Brouwer Rangers understood the team's decision and wished the Rockers all the best in the upcoming season. But that doesn't mean there isn't a twinge of lingering bitterness.
“They didn't even return our headshots,” Ranger Ryan said. “I want my headshot back.”
Headshots
The Brouwer Rangers Resume
Hi-res
Advertisements
Share this story: Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
I stopped by my favorite boutique grocery store to pick up a red onion today. The young clerk running the cash register wore a t-shirt with the slogan "Eat Local." Oddly, the shop's shelves and coolers were stuffed with cheeses, sausages, olives, jams, cookies, and crackers from California, France, Italy, Spain, Belgium, Germany, and many other exotic locales. As I walked home, I mused over the fact that I needed the onion to go with the organic Irish salmon and the Spanish capers my wife and I were having for dinner. The salmon was a gift from a visiting friend from Dublin. Now, I enjoy seeking out and eating locally produced foods. My wife and I make it a habit to shop at our town's weekly farmers market for fresh fruits and vegetables.
But for some activists, eating local foods is no longer just a pleasure—it is a moral obligation. Why? Because locally produced foods are supposed to be better for the planet than foods shipped thousands of miles across oceans and continents. According to these activists, shipping foods over long distances results in the unnecessary emission of the greenhouse gases that are warming the planet. This concern has given rise to the concept of "food miles," that is, the distance food travels from farm to plate. Activists particularly dislike air freighting foods because it uses relatively more energy than other forms of transportation. Food miles are supposed to be a simple way to gauge food's impact on climate change.
In their recent policy primer for the Mercatus Center at George University, however, economic geographer Pierre Desrochers and economic consultant Hiroko Shimizu challenge the notion that food miles are a good sustainability indicator. As Desrochers and Shimizu point out, the food trade has been historically driven by urbanization. As agriculture became more efficient, people were liberated from farms and able to develop other skills that helped raise general living standards. People freed from having to scrabble for food, for instance, could work in factories, write software, or become physicians. Modernization is a process in which people get further and further away from the farm.
Modern technologies like canning and refrigeration made it possible to extend the food trade from staple grains and spices to fruits, vegetables, and meats. As a result, world trade in fruits and vegetables—fresh and processed—doubled in the 1980s and increased by 30 percent between 1990 and 2001. Fruits and vegetables accounted for 22 percent of the exports of developing economies in 2001. If farmers, processors, shippers, and retailers did not profit from providing distant consumers with these foods, the foods wouldn't be on store shelves. And consumers, of course, benefit from being able to buy fresh foods year around.
So just how much carbon dioxide is emitted by transporting food from farm to fork? Desrochers and Shimizu cite a comprehensive study done by the United Kingdom's Department of Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (DEFRA) which reported that 82 percent of food miles were generated within the U.K. Consumer shopping trips accounted for 48 percent and trucking for 31 percent of British food miles. Air freight amounted to less than 1 percent of food miles. In total, food transportation accounted for only 1.8 percent of Britain's carbon dioxide emissions.
In the United States, a 2007 analysis found that transporting food from producers to retailers accounted for only 4 percent of greenhouse emissions related to food. According to a 2000 study, agriculture was responsible for 7.7 percent of total U.S. greenhouse gas emissions. In that study, food transport accounted for 14 percent of the greenhouse gas emissions associated with agriculture, which means that food transport is responsible for about 1 percent of total U.S. greenhouse gas emissions.
Food miles advocate fail to grasp the simple idea that food should be grown where it is most economically advantageous to do so. Relevant advantages consist of various combinations of soil, climate, labor, capital, and other factors. It is possible to grow bananas in Iceland, but Costa Rica really has the better climate for that activity. Transporting food is just one relatively small cost of providing modern consumers with their daily bread, meat, cheese, and veggies. Desrochers and Shimizu argue that concentrating agricultural production in the most favorable regions is the best way to minimize human impacts on the environment.
Local food production does not always produce fewer greenhouse gas emissions. For example, the 2005 DEFRA study found that British tomato growers emit 2.4 metric tons of carbon dioxide for each ton of tomatoes grown compared to 0.6 tons of carbon dioxide for each ton of Spanish tomatoes. The difference is British tomatoes are produced in heated greenhouses. Another study found that cold storage of British apples produced more carbon dioxide than shipping New Zealand apples by sea to London. In addition, U.K. dairy farmers use twice as much energy to produce a metric ton of milk solids than do New Zealand farmers. Other researchers have determined that Kenyan cut rose growers emit 6 metric tons of carbon dioxide per 12,000 roses compared to the 35 tons of carbon dioxide emitted by their Dutch competitors. Kenyan roses grow in sunny fields whereas Dutch roses grow in heated greenhouses.
Nevertheless, organic food activists in Britain's Soil Association argued for lifting the organic certification from Kenyan food exports because they are brought into Britain on airplanes. Some high-end British retailers have begun slapping a label featuring an airplane on various food products to indicate that they have been air freighted. Kenyan growers cannily responded by launching their own "Grown Under the Sun" label, pointing out that their agricultural production methods emit far less greenhouse gases than many crops grown in Britain do.
A die-hard response to the above studies would be: Don't eat either British or Spanish tomatoes out of season; don't cold store apples, dry them in the sun instead; don't ever eat dairy products; and give your true love a bouquet of in-season root vegetables for Valentine's Day. In order to reduce your food miles, the National Sustainable Agriculture Information Service makes these recommendations: Eat foods that are in season; eat minimally processed, packaged, and marketed food; use public transportation when grocery shopping; can and dry fruits and vegetables yourself; and plant a garden and grow as much of your own food as possible. In other words, spend more time and effort finding, growing, and preparing food at the expense of other productive or leisure activities.
Desrochers and Shimizu demonstrate that the debate over food miles is a distraction from the real issues that confront global food production. For instance, rich country subsidies amounting to more than $300 billion per year are severely distorting global agricultural production and trade. If the subsidies were removed, far more agricultural goods would be produced in and imported from developing countries, helping lift millions of people out of poverty. They warn that the food miles campaign is "providing a new set of rhetorical tools to bolster protectionist interests that are fundamentally detrimental to most humankind." Ultimately, Desrochers and Shimizu's analysis shows that "the concept of food miles is...a profoundly flawed sustainability indicator."
Ronald Bailey is reason's science correspondent. Their book Liberation Biology: The Scientific and Moral Case for the Biotech Revolution is now available from Prometheus Books.
For the first time ever, scientists have captured images of the flash of light that sparks at the very moment a human sperm cell makes contact with an egg.
The phenomenon has been observed in animals before, but no one's ever seen the spark of human conception. And what's even more incredible is the fact that some eggs burn brighter than others, which is a direct indication of their ability to develop into a healthy embryo, a team from Northwestern University found.
So why do sparks literally fly at the moment of conception? Back in 2011, the Northwestern team discovered that sparks of zinc exploded at the point of conception in mice.
It took them a few years to figure out how to image this event, but by 2014, they'd managed to film the event for the first time ever, and watched as billions of zinc atoms were released at the exact moment when a mammal's egg is pierced by a sperm cell.
Using a new fluorescent sensor that's able to track the movements of zinc in live cells, the team caught a glimpse of an egg's zinc-storage capabilities, and found some 8,000 zinc compartments, each one containing around 1 million zinc atoms, just ripe for exploding. The tiny 'fireworks' that result were found to last for about 2 hours after fertilisation.
Now, the same team has managed to film this event occurring in a human egg at the point of conception.
"It was remarkable," says one of the team, Teresa Woodruff. "We discovered the zinc spark just five years ago in the mouse, and to see the zinc radiate out in a burst from each human egg was breathtaking."
If you follow health science news closely, you'll know that the vast majority of studies - even the most promising ones - fail to live up to their potential. Maybe positive results in mice didn't translate in humans, or perhaps lab-based studies couldn't be replicated in living organisms. Maybe the researchers simply ran out of funding.
But in this case, we can actually see how quickly the team has progressed from mice to humans, and in the space of just five years, have figured out something that could change a lot of lives - the flashes of light that have now been seen in humans for the first time can be used to determine the viability of an individual egg.
For couples relying on IVF treatments, that's huge, because around 50 percent of fertilised eggs do not develop properly due to some kind of unavoidable genetic mix-up.
Northwestern University
"This is an important discovery because it may give us a non-invasive and easily visible way to assess the health of an egg and eventually an embryo before implantation," says one of the researchers, Eve Feinberg.
"There are no tools currently available that tell us if it's a good quality egg," they add. "Often we don't know whether the egg or embryo is truly viable until we see if a pregnancy ensues. That's the reason this is so transformative. If we have the ability up front to see what is a good egg and what's not, it will help us know which embryo to transfer, avoid a lot of heartache, and achieve pregnancy much more quickly."
For the experiment, the team used a sperm enzyme to activate the egg (fertilising the egg with actual sperm for research purposes is illegal under US federal law) and watched as the event triggered calcium levels to rise inside the egg, which prompted the release of zinc.
"As the zinc shoots out, it binds to small molecules which emit a fluorescence which can be picked up by camera microscopes," Sarah Knapton explains for The Telegraph.
So why is zinc so special? The researchers found that eggs compartmentalise and distribute zinc to control the development of a healthy embryo - the mineral plays a vital role in controlling the 'decision' the egg makes to grow into an embryo - so the more zinc that's released, the brighter the flash, and the more viable the egg.
"The egg first has to stockpile zinc and then must release some of the zinc to successfully navigate maturation, fertilisation, and the start of embryogenesis," said one of the team, Thomas O'Halloran, back in 2014. "But exactly how much zinc is involved in this remarkable process and where is it in the cell?"
This is hopefully a question the researchers are now equipped to answer, and we can't wait to see what they discover next.
The results have been published in Scientific Reports, and you can watch the footage below:
Hey Mom!
You have almost made it through June! Are the kids driving you bonkers yet? Have vacations and family time got you going crazy? Well we have just the thing for you!
$50 visa Gift Card Giveaway
Mom Always Knows and Great-Resumes.com are giving away a $50 Visa Gift card to 1 lucky reader!
Want to enter the giveaway? It's easy!
1. Like Mom Always Knows Facebook Page HERE or below on the entry form.
2. Like Great Resumes 2 Win Facebook Page HERE or below on the entry form.
3. Sign up for Mom Always Knows Monthly Newsletter HERE or below on the entry form.
Boom- You are in! Good Luck and Thanks!
20% Off with Code PARADE at Gymboree
That $50 can buy you a massage or spa day away from the kids or shop our partner Gymboree!
Happy rest of the summer Mom–and Dads! You can do it! : )
Need some more inspiration- Read our 27 tips for Tired and Hardworking Mamas here!
Need a new or re-vamped PROFESSIONAL resume? Make sure you check out Great-Resumes.com and increase your chances of getting the job you want!
HERE is a great free downloadable resume template to download and start right away on your own, or if you need help! Let Great-Resumes.com take care of it for you!
Looking for a new job? Visit our Job Boards right here on Mom Always Knows and find hundreds of jobs in your area updated daily from Zip Recruiter!
Did you miss this giveaway??? Check out our current giveaways and sweepstakes HERE!
In a conversation on Bloomberg, Tony Ponturo, Group Partner and Producer of KirmsterPonturo spoke about the recent acquisition of Beat Electronics by Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and the profit of $30 million otbtained by Lebron James, the famed basketball star in that deal. The deal involved Apple acquiring the streaming music provider Beats Music and the makers of popular headphones, audio software and speakers Beats Electronics for a total consideration of $3 billion. As a part of the deal, the co-founders of Beats, Jimmy Iovine and Dr.Dre will join Apple.
Quoting ESPN, Bloomberg correspondent stated that James negotiated with Beats Electronics back in 2008, when the company was formed, wherein they agreed to promote the headphones of the company and in exchange took a small stake in the company. So, when Apple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL) bought Beats Music and Beats Electronics, James made a whopping $30 million on their stake in Beats.
Ponturo just had two words of comment for James: ‘very smart.' Actually yes. For simply wearing headphones of Beats Electronics, James seems to have made $11 million more than what they usually make annually playing basketball. Perhaps James themselves would have never imagined that they would have this windfall someday, when they negotiated their deal with Beats Electronics. It though however is true that James' endorsement of Beats headsets did add significantly to the popularity of the product.
There have been questions raised on whether Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) could reshape a company like Beats Electronics or is it that Apple has taken a big risk in this acquisition. Ponturo feels that, Beats now has the distribution infrastructure for Apple products. There seems to be some synergy here in that they can now have Apple stores and sell a combination of Apple and Beats products.
Valiant Capital, managed by Christopher R. Hansen has 17.01% of its equity portfolio in Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), and holds 258,431 shares of the company. Another hedge fund Jim Roumell‘s Roumell Asset Management holds 31,031 shares of Apple Inc., representing 16.74% of its equity portfolio.
Disclosure: None
Suggested Reading:
Top 10 Least Expensive Hybrid Cars to Save the Planet With
The 10 Biggest ‘Gate' Controversies in History
via Rose City Antifascists. Aug 14:
Rose City Antifascists expose nazi neighbors and coworkers during Day of Action, Call for Community Responses
On July 31, as promised, Rose City Antifascists delivered a message to white supremacist organizers our state. We tracked down leading Volksfront International activists Casey and Alaina Joy Banyas of Albany, OR at their residence, and also located Volksfront leader Nick Cheshire at their workplace, Morgan Distributing in Portland. In addition, our organization also asked for information from those living near the last known address for Nick Cheshire and wife, Leah Cheshire (née Crandall), in Oregon City. We mailed flyers to about 250 to the neighbors of these neo-Nazi thugs, and also contacted Nick Cheshire's employers at Morgan Distributing about the presence of a neo-Nazi activist within their company.
Why Volksfront is a Threat to Communities and Workplaces
While allowing time for the landlord of the Banyas couple in Albany as well as Nicholas Cheshire's employer in Portland to respond following the information revealed on the Day of Action, one of the worst cases of neo-Nazi terrorism in recent years took place in America. In Oak Creek, Wisconsin, Hammerskin Nation member Wage Michael Page murdered six people in their attack on the Sikh Temple of Wisconsin there. While Page themselves was not a member of Volksfront International, the organization we concentrated on in our Day of Action, Rose City Antifascists and the media at large have compiled documentation that several links exist between the murderer Page and Volksfront.
Volksfront also has its own extensive history of violence, including the targeting of synagogues, numerous racist street assaults, and even the murder of a homeless man, Mark Randall Townsend, in Tacoma, Washington by the leader of a probationary Volksfront unit and their associates there during 2003. Volksfront furthermore have raised funds for one of the 1988 murderers of Ethiopian immigrant Mulugeta Seraw in Portland, while involving another of these killers in Volksfront circles once they were released from prison. Volksfront has also raised funds for and supported members of The Order/Silent Brotherhood, a racist terrorist group responsible for bank robberies and murder in the 1980s. Given their extensive history of violence plus ties to racist murderers and terrorists, we believe that the presence of Volksfront members in workplaces and communities poses a clear danger to people of color, Jewish people, sexual minorities, and other potential targets for Nazi violence within these settings.
Casey and Alaina Joy Banyas
We found these two living at 4215 Cabrillo Pl. SE, Albany, OR 97322.
Casey Banyas has recently been extremely active in Volksfront's organizing, particularly in Lane and Linn counties near their Albany, OR home. Their wife, Alaina Joy Banyas, is involved in Volksfront's sister organization, the Folkish Women's Front, and is heavily active in organizing social events for Volksfront, including a 2011 Thanksgiving party which was hosted at the Banyas home. Events of these sort provide recruiting opportunities for the neo-Nazi group, and heighten the danger of violence in the area by bringing together a significant concentration of hardcore racist activists in one location.
It appears that Casey Banyas makes a living for themselves tattooing racist symbols on their friends through an unlicensed tattoo shop called “Hooligan Ink” (name may have recently changed to “Anarchy Ink”). Banyas has tattooed Volksfront symbols on many group members as a sign of their dedication to the organization and to white supremacy. Banyas may soon be seeking licenses so as to turn their tattoo venture from an underground operation into a legal business.
Nicholas and Leah Cheshire
Nick Cheshire, who we exposed the first time back in 2009, has been active with Volksfront for quite some time now. We “out-ed” Cheshire before at a previous residence that they shared with Nick Scheel, another Volksfront member with a history of racist violence, including threatening the life of an ex-girlfriend's infant because the child was not “pure white,” as well as a racially motivated assault with other associates against two people walking through Portland's Grant Park in 2004. (One of the other racists involved with Scheel in that attack was Sean Andrew Sigley, who also later entered a guilty plea regarding the 2003 desecration of the Congregation Shaarie Torah Cemetery with antisemitic slogans and swastikas.)
Nicholas Cheshire themselves is integral to Volksfront's organizing, especially in Portland, where they work closely alongside the organization's current regional leader, Justin Ryan Martin. Cheshire and their wife, Leah (active in the Folkish Women's Front mentioned above) are regular attendees at group events, and we have received information that Cheshire has been putting energy into attempting to recruit new members for Volksfront locally.
Rose City Antifascists are currently seeking information about Cheshire's current living arrangements. During our Day of Action we contacted the neighbors at Cheshire's last known address, as well as doing outreach to Cheshire's place of work regarding their employee's neo-Nazi activity.
What You Can Do
Rose City Antifascists now ask for community support in following up on the preliminary work done during our Day of Action.
We are hopeful that Morgan Distributing will do the right thing and maintain a safe working environment for the rest of its employees and its customers by relieving Nick Cheshire of their position there. We ask businesses that support Morgan Distributing as well as concerned community members to contact the company at 503.907.3999 and encourage them to put the safety of their employees and customers first. If possible, send our organization an email and let us know how your discussion with Morgan Distributing concerning their neo-Nazi employee Nicholas Cheshire went.
In addition, we ask community members to please encourage the landlords of the Banyas residence, listed as to Moises C. & Elaine S. Moreno
34118 Oakville Rd SW, Albany, OR 97321 to ask their tenants to vacate that home. Mr. Moreno may be reached at their Landscaping business telephone number at (541) 926-3702. As always, when calling, we encourage community members to block their phone numbers with *67 so as to avoid retaliation from Volksfront members.
Finally, if you have further information about Volksfront International or other organized white supremacist activity in our region, please contact Rose City Antifascists. Our voicemail number is (971) 533 7832. You may also email fight_them_back [at] riseup [dot] net.
New York Jets fans who watched rookie Dee Milliner struggle throughout last season are still wondering if general manager John Idzik might trade for an established cornerback.
It's not going to happen -- in large part because Idzik believes Milliner is a future No. 1 corner.
Watch "The Top 100 Players of 2014" every week at 9 p.m. ET on NFL Network as we count down to the top player in the NFL. "The Top 100 Players of 2014 Reactions" airs Wednesdays at 10 p.m. ET.
After seeing Ed Reed's impact on Milliner's game late last season, teammates believe the No. 9 pick in the 2013 draft will be a reliable starter in their second season.
"I feel like Dee has matured," cornerback Ellis Lankster said this week, via The Star-Ledger. "Dee knows the game now. The last four weeks of the season, Ed Reed took Dee under their wing. They just taught them the game. As of right now, I feel like, in the future or this year, Dee is going to be one of the top corners in the NFL."
It's a not far-fetched idea that a player viewed as the consensus top cornerback in their draft class will make good on their promising talent once they have acclimated to NFL offenses.
"I think Dee is going to have a great year," safety Jaiquawn Jarrett said, echoing Lankster's sentiments. "He's been doing great in their workouts. He's playing more confident. He's vocal."
Coming off shoulder surgery, Milliner was benched three times before showing enough to earn Defensive Rookie of the Month honors for December. The Jets coaches have to be thrilled that the former Alabama star's confidence is such that they are already asking to shadow opposing No. 1 receivers.
Perhaps Idzik knew what they were doing all along when they slow-played the veteran cornerback market in free agency.
The latest "Around The League Podcast" predicts 2014 starting lineups and talks insider goodness with Bucky Brooks.
Editor's note: This week, BPR World is excited to feature two guest columnists weighing in on a pressing global issue — the persistence of the Catalan independence movement. Jorge Tamames' column, published Wednesday, can be found here. Today's column is written by Daniel Bogre Udell. Mr. Udell co-edits the Catalan-language edition of Global Voices Online and founded Wikitongues, a project dedicated to raising awareness about global linguistic diversity. They recently completed a BFA in Design & Technology at Parsons The New School for Design and is currently writing a master's thesis on the history of national identity in Catalonia.
On September 11th, hundreds of thousands of Catalans joined hands to form a human chain that spanned 460 kilometers across their region, stretching from the French Pyrenean border all the way down to Valencia. This event hardly came as a surprise but was nonetheless exciting; it was in fact the echo of a mass demonstration that took place in Barcelona one year prior, when a million crowded the city's streets under the slogan, “Catalonia: The Next State in Europe.” Both protests were staged on September 11th to commemorate the fall of Catalan troops to Castilian and French soldiers in 1714, remembered in Catalonia as a prelude to Spanish centralism and the erosion of their sovereignty. Conversely, their regional holiday, known natively as La Diada, has a distinctly morbid purpose; in stark contrast to most nations, Catalans celebrate the day they lost independence, and therein lies the cause of recent events.
A majority of the Catalan population wants to participate in the world according to their identity as a nation, but in a world where the lack of political sovereignty implies a lack of nationhood, maintaining a national identity can only mean one thing: a sovereign Catalonia, free and independent from Spain. Instead of taking this clamor seriously and engaging the Catalan public, most in the Spanish government — including Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy — have postured themselves firmly as antagonists, insisting on the illegality of a referendum on independence, even though 80% of Catalans want one. A handful of politicians, willfully ignorant of public opinion polls and the Catalan parliament's pro-independence majority, have even denied that nationalism is a majority of force in the region. Some have gone so far as to compare the sovereignty movement to Nazism.
On the international stage, the Spanish government has done its best to cast Catalan nationalist ambitions as parochial and irrelevant. In a recent interview with the Wall Street Journal, Prime Minister Rajoy described a potentially independent Catalonia as a threat to global unity and its advent contrary to “natural” (!) evolution. They went on to qualify a Catalonia outside the European Union as “absurd,” a rhetorical deception given that the Catalan nationalist project is aimed at further integration in Europe.
Despite the prevailing wisdom in Madrid, however, which seems to assert that ignoring the sovereignty movement will make it go away, the relevance of nationhood in Catalonia cannot be understated. If Mr. Rajoy really wants a unified country, they should respect this reality instead of belittling the deep-rooted identity of the Catalan people, whose feeling of nationhood is older than Spain itself. It arose at the height of the fourteenth century and was no roadblock to the Spanish Kingdom's birth. Why try to suppress it?
In fact, despite a long history of friction between Barcelona and Madrid (historian J.H. Elliot has found that Catalan writers were already complaining about marginalization a few decades into Spain's existence), Catalonia's robust identity only manifested in an attempt to secure its independence three times: once in 1640, once in 1934, and now in 2013. Each uprising came after overzealous officials in Madrid encroached too far upon regional liberties, leaving Catalan citizens frustrated and their politicians feeling left without a choice.
Even the current Catalan president Artur Mas, who is leading the effort to organize a referendum in 2014, pursued a federalist agenda until the 2012 protests. In a speech they gave last week before the Catalan parliament, they insisted that independence is their only viable option if reform in Spain, to which they have dedicated their political career, becomes an exhausted possibility.
This is not mere fanfare. Prime Minister Rajoy has largely refused to negotiate the issue of Catalonia's status. This strategy is certainly a brave one; the state of things implies that by posturing themselves a resilient centralist, Mr. Rajoy is only fueling separatist fire, encouraging their country's divide and making a terrible mistake. Or maybe they aren't.
In 1882, Ernest Renan wrote that nations are imagined, the realization of collective solidarities and nothing more than communities who define themselves as such. In that spirit, Catalonia's nationhood is certainly legitimate — but so, too, is Spain's. It is irrelevant which identity came first; both play significant roles in the lives of millions of people.
I pertain to the school of thought that the Spanish nation would be ideally reimagined as multinational, multilingual, politically federal and culturally diverse, in the spirit of Switzerland and Canada. This view, much more consistently than secession, has dominated Catalan nationalist thought for the past two-hundred years. But perhaps Mr. Mas is right and this is a futile purpose.
Given the rhetoric saturating the Spanish political establishment, it is certainly possible that a majority in Spain rejects a pluralistic definition of Spanish nationhood, and consider their country as it was defined by royal decree at the turn of the eighteenth century: united according to the culture and traditions of Castile.
If this is how a majority of Spain identifies, then it is so and this is reasonable. But it is unreasonable to then force those communities marginalized by this identity to participate. If Spain should continue to be a unitary state, then the Catalan people have every right to establish their own, providing a significant majority of wants one — and a referendum on independence is the only way to determine this.
If Prime Minister Rajoy must insist on the singularity of the Spanish nation, they should also be comfortable with bidding seven million Spaniards adéu.
Commands in games should be at the same granularity as the meaningful decisions you make.
I just finally got around to finishing the new XCOM game, many months after everyone else, no doubt. I kind of wanted to make it last, though, because I think it's an amazing game. I also recently had the pleasure of reading Polygon's The Making of XCOM's Jake Solomon.
What struck me about the article was all the things that Jake wanted to put in, as a die-hard fan of the old X-COM, but ultimately had to leave out or simplify: detailed action points, randomly generated maps, large squads.
XCOM ultimately shipped with a system that allows no more than two actions per unit per turn: you can move twice, or you can move once or shoot. There are some special abilities that bend and break this concept, but there is no major deviation. Each map is hand-built, but there are many. And the maximum number of soldiers you can ever deploy is six.
Even before the game was released, lots of fans of the original games complained about how the new XCOM was dumbing things down. It's interesting that the original design for new XCOM included all the complexity whose absence the fans now lamented. But while veteran X-COM players at Firaxis could cope with the complexity, it was nightmarish for everyone else. Ultimately, much of it was removed.
I'm not a old-X-COM kind of guy. I think it was a good thing the game was "dumbed down". Why? Granularity of decisions.
I've played, or tried to play, the original X-COM and a bunch of more faithful adaptations. In general, each unit gets lots of time units, and each map tile moved costs one unit. Shooting, depending on the weapon and the mode, costs a number of units. This gives you the freedom of, for example, moving two tiles, firing a quick burst, then moving again. You can't do this in new XCOM. You can move and then shoot, or just shoot, or (with some special abilities) shoot and then move or shoot twice.
I've found I don't mind the restriction, though. In fact, I find it more realistic that you can't do too many things in sequence with no interference from the enemy. The reason I don't miss it, I believe, is that in a particular tactical situation, there are a number of actions that make sense: Things like moving forwards into new cover and taking a shot, or moving quickly in an attempt to outflank the enemy, or staying behind cover and blasting away, or waiting for the enemy to advance.
A coarser-grained system of choices can support these actions just as well as a more fine-grained one, but doesn't burden the player with as many how-long-is-a-piece-of-string type questions as "should I advance by one more tile", and also reduces the annoyed feeling of being exactly one time unit short of being able to do another useful thing. With fine-grained actions, the question of what exact sequence of actions to take is much more complicated than the question of what kind of tactics you want to pursue, leading to a whole bunch of mental legwork and frustration that adds little or nothing to the game.
In short, the commands you can give to a game should be at the same level of granularity as the meaningful decisions the game needs you to make. If the commands are finer-grained, you spend a lot of time executing the same pattern of small steps to achieve a particular effect, or doing mental arithmetic to figure out if you can squeeze just a little bit more efficiency out of your choices. When your choices matter only in aggregate, it's also easy to lose track of what you're doing.
Of course, if the commands are too coarse-grained, a different kind of frustration sets in. This is perhaps less common in strategy games, but extremely common in RPGs and first-person games. In the former case, when you are caught by the king's guards stealing the Stone of McGuffin, the game may not give you the option to explain that you need the stone to defeat the Ice Dragon, or to throw the stone into the ocean below the hover-keep, to be retrieved later. And in first-person 3D games, your badass character is often stymied by waist-high fences: you can only jump straight up, and you can only jump 40 cm, but the fence is 60 cm tall! Any human being in possession and control of reasonably functioning limbs can scramble over an obstacle like that. Having the fine granularity to give the command "scramble over that fence" would be nice.
In conclusion, figure out what the granularity of meaningful decisions is for your game, and model your game at that level of detail. This is something I've tried very hard to follow in SE:SS - the game asks you to make lots of decisions, but it tries hard to make each of them meaningful, and give you as many meaningfully different options as possible.
I Introduce To You The P.E.P.A.T Project.
P.E.P.A.T stands for ‘Power-eligible Playcalling and Tendencies.'
This initiative was borne of a desire to determine which Detroit Lions running back was most effective in short yardage situations in 2016. After a short amount of time poking around the internet, I stumbled across the Football Outsiders' offensive line stats page.
Here is the first full article in the series, take a look after reading this introduction.
The good folks over there track a statistic that they call ‘power success,' which is quite simply, a team's success in converting power situations. They define power situations thusly:
3 rd /4 th & 2≥ from anywhere on the field, and
/4 & 2≥ from anywhere on the field, and Any down that takes place on the opponent's two-yard line or closer.
So, I began scrubbing all sixteen of Detroit's game logs, and found 55 such instances.
Initially, I wanted only to see which running backs converted on runs in these situations, and therefore which running back was the most useful in such situations. It dawned on me that this would fail to account for several variables. For example, I found that Zach Zenner converted only one of six possible times, but deeming Zenner as having less value in these situations because of this would have been erroneous. Why?
http://gty.im/835655688
For argument's sake, what if Zenner took just as many snaps on pass plays, and they were targeted six times for six first down catches? That would mean they converted 7/12 times (58.3%) in such situations, rather than 1/6 times (16.67%). That's a big difference.
So down the rabbit hole, I went. I began charting personnel groupings and alignments on all power-eligible plays, not just the runs. Then I started to diagram the plays themselves and identify frequently-used concepts and formations. I noted the direction of the runs; whether they were to the left, right, or middle; to the strong side or the weakside. I charted the margin of the score for each play call.
This article will be the first in a series that will break down these findings. I'll talk about things like their run game, the passing concepts they like to utilize, their tendencies based on score, and much, much more.
http://gty.im/604221138
But, first – a primer. The Lions called 22 run plays in such situations, or 40% of the time. Those plays resulted in a first down or a touchdown 50% of the time. They dialed up a pass the other 33 plays, or 60% of the time, and converted 16 of those, which would have been good for a 48.5% rate had an Eric Ebron touchdown reception not been called back on a phantom offensive pass interference in Week two.
Per TeamRankings, the Lions called a pass on 64.6% of all their plays in 2016. And according to Sharp Football, they ran 1031 plays. This means that the Lions called a pass 667 times and a run 364 times. Arithmetic isn't my strong suit, but my math indicates that the Lions called a run play 35.1% of the time outside of all power situations. That figure could include quarterback scrambles which means the rate of called runs could be even lower.
Therefore, the Lions were at least 4.9% more likely to attempt a rush in power situations than under any other circumstance.
However, being that Stafford only attempted a pass 594 times in 2016, and was the only Detroit quarterback to attempt one, I believe that this data includes all snaps. This would mean that plays negated or offset by penalties would be included.
If that makes your brain hurt, I've included this convenient table for your reading pleasure below.
Situation Pass% Run% OVERALL 64.6% (667) 35.4% (364) ALL NON-POWER-ELIGIBLE 64.9% (634) 35.1% (342) ALL POWER-ELIGIBLE 60% (33) 22 (40%)
Speaking of tables, the examination of personnel groupings indicated the following backfield snap shares:
Player Snap count Theo Riddick 24 (43.6%) Zach Zenner 17 (30.9%) Dwayne Washington 12 (27.3%) Justin Forsett 2 (3.6%) Ameer Abdullah (missed 14 games) 1 (1.8%)
Note that the percentage will total more than 100%, because of two-back looks.
This is just a small sampling of the data that will be released and analyzed over the course of this series. The subsequent installment will follow shortly and I will be conducting a Twitter poll to determine what component to write about next. I'll also be taking to Twitter to do GIF threads as a companion resource – you can find me @btrossler. Stay tuned for this and more great content to come.
Tom Niinimäki (21-7-1) will look to get back on the winning track as they face Brazil TUF winner Rony Jason (14-5) at the Jose Correa Gymnasium in Barueri, São Paulo on December 20. Multiple sources have announced the matchup today.
“Stoneface” was on a 12-fight winning streak that spanned six years, including a win over Rani Yahya in their UFC debut at the TUF 17 Finale. However, the Turku, Finland native's has lost back to back bouts to Niklas Bakstrom and more recently Chas Skelly to set off a 2 fight losing streak in the Octagon.
The featherweight from Pitbull Brothers also lost their last bout, as they dropped a split decision to American Robbie Peralto in May. Jason has stepped into the Octagon six times, where they have won four.
The UFC Fight Night 58 card is headlined by Lyoto Machida and C.B. Dollaway.
A pair of Yellowstone tourists grabbed a bison calf and put it in their rental car, thinking it was at risk of dying from the cold. Karen Richardson photo.
Updated 5/16/16 11:28 AM MST: The East Idaho News has reported that Yellowstone National Park officials have euthanized a bison calf after tourists had put in their car, thinking it was cold. This happened after repeated attempts to reunite the calf with its herd, where it was rejected by its mother the park stated in a press release Monday morning.
After the failed efforts, the calf started to approach both people and cars along the road, forcing the park service to euthanize the animal. Human interference can cause mothers to reject their offspring.
Regulations in Yellowstone require visitors to stay at least 25 yards away from all wildlife and at least 100 yards away from bears and wolves.
“Disregarding these regulations can result in fines, injury and even death, The safety of these animals, as well as human safety, depends on everyone using good judgment and following these simple rules.” Officials stated in the press release.
Original Story below:
According to the East Idaho News, a father-and-son pair of foreign tourists on a trip to Yellowstone National Park over the weekend put a wild bison calf in the back of their SUV, and drove it to a park ranger station thinking it was cold. No, this is not a Bumion piece, but real news about real inept tourists.
Yellowstone's been off to a great start this year, as it only took a few hours following the park's centenary opening for a tourist to attempt to pet a live buffalo. Apparently though, this pair of tourists legitimately were concerned for the calf's well-being, tossing it into the back of their GMC Sequoia rental and driving it to a ranger station. A group of Victor, Idaho parents chaperoning a fifth-grade field trip warned them that they'd actually get in trouble for hosting a live animal in their vehicle.
Rangers ticketed the pair–it's illegal to approach wildlife in the park and you must stay at least 25 yards away from all large mammals there–and followed them back to the spot of the bison's capture, releasing it back into its god-given wilderness. I gotta ask though, where was the mom and how did these guys not get mauled?
Til next time on "What tourists attack..."
From Black Knight: Black Knight Financial Services' First Look at December 2016 Mortgage Data
• The inventory of loans in active foreclosure nationwide declined by more than 200,000 in 2016
• Delinquencies were down 0.91 percent from November 2016 and 7.5 percent from December 2015
• December's 59,700 foreclosure starts represented a 24 percent decline from the same time last year
• Pre-payment activity continues to slow, down 5.5 percent from November
Black Knight: Percent Loans Delinquent and in Foreclosure Process Dec
2016 Nov
2016 Dec
2015 Dec
2014 Delinquent 4.42% 4.46% 4.78% 5.62% In Foreclosure 0.95% 0.98% 1.37% 1.75% Number of properties: Number of properties that are delinquent, but not in foreclosure: 2,248,000 2,263,000 2,408,000 2,833,000 Number of properties in foreclosure pre-sale inventory: 483,000 498,000 689,000 881,000 Total Properties 2,731,000 2,761,000 3,097,000 3,715,000
According to Black Knight's First Look report for December, the percent of loans delinquent decreased 0.9% in December compared to November, and declined 7.5% year-over-year.The percent of loans in the foreclosure process declined 3.3% in December and were down 30.5% over the last year.Black Knight reported the U.S. mortgage delinquency rate (loans 30 or more days past due, but not in foreclosure) was 4.42% in December, down from 4.46% in November.The percent of loans in the foreclosure process declined in December to 0.95%.The number of delinquent properties, but not in foreclosure, is down 286,000 properties year-over-year, and the number of properties in the foreclosure process is down 206,000 properties year-over-year.Black Knight will release the complete mortgage monitor for December by February 6th.
a means to monetize games while also building deeper bonds with your players? Did you know that communities can bea means to monetize games while also building deeper bonds with your players?
Gaming communities have been around since before the advent of the internet as we know it. From the first BBS launched in 1973 to the online communities of today, players have been drawn together by their love of games.
They also provide several unique challenges, and those responsible for managing player communities in that industry must be at the top of their game to survive. Vanilla Forums has packaged the expertise they've gained over the years into this comprehensive 150-page ebook.
Who this ebook is for
The guide is perfect for the Indie studios and developers who have created their first game and are looking to gain some marketing traction.
What you will get
This 150-page guide will provide you with the tools, strategies and tactics to help you drive more players and awareness to your game. It will touch on topics such as:
Determine the reason for your gaming community
Don't build your game before you launch your community
Leveraging Steam Early Access to build your player base
Getting to your first 100 players
Simplifying your workflow
Finding the best moderators
Keeping resource overhead low
Gamer archetypes in every community
How to measure your success
Here's what others had to say about the book:
Honesty is Hard June 17, 2012
Posted by wfenza in Culture and Society
Editorial Note: This post was written by Wes Fenza, long before the falling out of our previous quint household and the subsequent illumination of their abusive behavior, sexual assault of several women, and removal from the Polyamory Leadership Network and banning from at least one conference. I have left Wes' posts here because I don't believe it's meaningful to simply remove them. You cannot remove the truth by hiding it; Wes and I used to collaborate, and their thoughts will remain here, with this notice attached.
—–
For the past month or so, the skeptic blogosphere has been talk a lot about harassment at skeptic events. Throughout these conversations, I've made a few disturbing observations:
People (mostly women) are getting harassed at skeptic events. This doesn't seem to be occuring at higher rates than at other events, but any harrassment is too much, and we can do better than that;
Many people (mostly men) in the skeptic community are not taking this problem seriously. This is also fucked up, and I'm glad it's getting some attention.
These issues have been extensively documented by Stephanie Zvan at Almost Diamonds. Everything that I could say on the topic (and how disturbing it is) has been said much more eloquently elsewhere, and I have nothing new to add. Suffice it to say that yes, this is happening, and I hope atheist/skeptic conferences all adopt strong harassment policies, with an emphasis on enforcement.
What I'd like to discuss is a secondary issue (which is not nearly as important as the two identified above, but I think is worth discussing): the issue of harassment has led to a number of discussions about exactly where the line is between consensual flirting and harassment. These are important discussions to have, I think, but I'm bothered by two (somewhat related) themes I keep seeing crop up in these discussions:
1) It's wrong to want sex from people without being interested in getting to know them
This is generally couched in reasonable-sounding language like this from PZ Myers:
I have a simple suggestion. Think of sex as something two or more friends do; but also keep in mind that most friends don't have sex together. When you're at a meeting, plan to make friends promiscuously, but remember: the purpose first and foremost is friendship, not sex partners.
At first glance, this seems like a reasonable suggestion. Most people prefer to get to know people before having sex with them, and most people would rather have sex with someone they like for nonsexual reasons also. But some people just want sex, and there is nothing wrong with that. It's not up to us to tell people what their goals should be in a social interaction. Denigrating anonymous men for wanting to “bag a young hottie” (which is Jen McCreight's paraphrase, not an actual quote from anyone) at each speaking gig sends the sexnegative message that desiring sex with a person you find attractive (which is how I would have phrased it) is WRONG and CREEPY. In addition, speaking about it as something that only men do contributes to the myth of men not being hot. McCreight puts desiring sex with attractive women in the same category as talking only to a woman's chest, nonconsensual groping, and following a woman to their hotel room. I think that's terribly unfair. There is nothing wrong with sexuality. There is nothing wrong with desiring sex for purely physical reasons. Resorting to slut-shaming is not necessary to discuss harassment. It's bullshit, and it should stop.
2) Dishonesty is expected, and even encouraged, where sexuality may be involved
This is related to Point 1 by virtue of the fact that if wanting sex is wrong, then people who want sex are going to be encouraged to hide that fact until the socially appropriate time. People who just come out and say they want sex (even in the least coercive and lowest pressure way I can think of) are disrespectful, objectifying, and should be ashamed of themselves. Fuck that. Asking for sex is not seeing a person “as your plaything.” It's just asking for sex. Objecification only happens if you see the other person's desires as irrelevant. As long as you are genuinely seeking enthusiastic consent, if you want sex, you ought to ask for it! Hiding your intentions is just being dishonest, not respectful. As one commenter on this blog put it:
I too find smart, interesting people who think about things quite sexy, yet am generally skittish of strangers. I'm also alternately oblivious to and skeeved out by the way flirting (in most mainstream venues) happens most times. Still, I'd far prefer for someone to tell me they think I have great boobs and would like to make out with me than to just hint at it, assuming they are respectful of my possible “no thank you.” I like transparent, respectful asks, and people who ask for consent frequently and sincerely.
In addition to those desiring of sex being encouraged to remain silent, women who are objects of such desire are also encouraged to be dishonest about their refusals. The (true) observation that rapists ignore refusals is used to suggest that women shouldn't be encouraged to clearly communicate their own desires. The (also true) observation that women are socialized not to clearly communicate a refusal is used to suggest that we should not be encouraging women to break free of that socialization and be more honest about what they want. This is confusing the “is” and the “ought.” The undeniable state of mainstream heterosexual flirting is that men are expected to be the aggressors, that clearly communicating a desire to have sex is disfavored, and that a clear refusal is often met with hostility. None of this is an argument that the status quo is the way things ought to be. We should all be encouraged to be more open and honest about what we want from a social interaction, even if the may be subject to negative social consequences.
The exception, of course, is when physical safety is in question. If anyone is in doubt about his/her physical safety in an interaction, all of these rules go out the window, and people should do whatever they need to in order to get to safety. That cannot be stressed enough, and it should never be forgotten.
Of course, the flipside of this is that we should stop punishing women for being blunt. A woman who clearly communicates a “no” is not being harsh, she's being honest. A woman who says she's not interested in someone (even if s/he hasn't made any advances) is just being communicative. Hurting someone's feelings through deception is a dick move. Hurting someone's feelings by telling them the truth is a brave and awesome thing to do, and we should encourage people to do it.
However, the danger of social disapproval is not a good reason to be dishonest. If your friends think of you as a bitch for giving a clear refusal, get some new friends. If the object of your affection will see you as creepy for being clear about your sexual interest, that's not a reason to hide your interest. Honesty often has negative social consequences. It does not follow that dishonesty is justified. If flirting should be about creating intimacy, then it relies on both parties behaving in a trustworthy way (i.e. not lying to each other).
Jadehawk disagrees:
You can't remove the social context because the social context is what determines how women will respond. they're not flirting with you in a social vaccum, and pretending otherwise is just fucking stupid. We have to fix the social context first (i.e. not punish women for being above-average-assertive, and instead shut down this why try to punish women for blatantly and “rudely” setting boundaries and even taking initiative themselves), before you can seriously expect women to consistently “help” socially inept guys at flirting by being blunt with them.
I agree that it's unrealistic to expect anyone to completely go against their socialization, but that doesn't mean that we should not ask them to do so, or, when we're discussing behavioral standards, to hold up an against-the-mainstream behavior as ideal. Society socializes us to do many things that we reject. Dishonesty could be one of them. Jadehawk's view is that women are just brainless products of society's conditioning, and have no choice in how to act. I think we all have a choice, regardless of what we're told, or how we're taught. I don't think “the social context is what determines how women will respond.” I think women will respond based on their own individual choices, in light of the social context.
To be clear, I don't think people are always (or even usually) obligated to express their sexual interest or lack thereof. It's all about your intentions. If you intend to send the message for someone to back off, do it clearly. Don't use subtle social cues that are open to interpretation. If you want to get to know someone, do that. If you intend to communicate sexual interest, do it clearly. Don't do it by pretending you want to get to know someone. And don't pretend you're interested in sex if you're only interested in getting to know someone. If you want to get to know someone, and also have sexual interest, then feel free to communicate either or both. My only problem here is dishonesty about one's intentions.
This also shouldn't be taken to mean that I think people always have clear intentions. It's perfectly reasonable to be hours, days, weeks, or years into a social interaction, and still not really be sure what you want out of the interaction. That is actually, I would argue, the mainstream expectation. The problem occurs when people know what they want, and pretend that they don't.
Flirting is not easy. But if we try, we could make it a little easier.
Planning for a mid-September shoot, Vin Diesel is set to return to one of their most popular characters with Riddick (labeled Riddick 3 below). As a birthday present to Diesel, writer/director David Twohy sent along a piece of concept art that the actor shared with fans via their Facebook page along with the following message:
Wow, thank you all for the many wonderful birthday wishes, great videos, images, music and words…
This is the third birthday Our collective has shared with me, for that I am grateful.
Vindiesel.com has many of the birthday wishes if you would like to see them, they are heartfelt and cool.
P.s. You all know how much I love concept art, well DT sent me an image for my birthday that I had to share…
Gracias por todo…
Thank you for the LOVE!
Check out the art below and click it on it head over to Facebook and wish Mr. Diesel a happy birthday yourself!
Inter fans had released an official statement asking Mauro Icardi to take their captain armband off after the statements published in their autobiography The Argentinean striker has replied through their official Instagram account, here's the translation.“Dear Curva Nord, I am surprised and disappointed. Surprised because I've said that in Reggio Emilia I lost my head due to the post-game adrenaline. I just wanted to report the atmosphere of that episode, so much so I've also added that I had ‘thrown up' some exaggerated phrases (and the verb ‘throw up' gives an idea of ​​how inconvenient my reaction was). With regard to the speech of Argentina murderers, I said that because I had found some fanatics out of my door (pleas note: fanatics, not Curva Nord members) I uttered that phrase, but I also said in the biographyI used threatening words against the fans and I shouldn't have done that." I'm sorry. Sorry for this fuss that has been created, I simply recounted an incident. Besides, if one had a minimum of salt, they would not risk offending their ‘curva'. If I had been in bad faith I would have used catchy words towards you. I did not want to offend or disrespect anyone.The captain's armband is the realization of my dreams, it is pure joy for me and my family. I am looking for you each time I score goals on Sundays, your hug is the first one I want. I love Inter. Very soon I will come down 'in the field so I can talk nomore. I hope you understand how important you are to me and how much respect you even if you'd decide to boo me. I ask only one thing as a Captain: stay close to Inter as you have always done, I and my teammates need you. With love Mauro”
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed 'Dump Trump' Plots Floor Fight 7:13 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
BANGOR, Maine — No peace 'til Cleveland? Just when some thought the infighting was over, Donald Trump once again is taking on former Republican rivals and traditionally conservative allies.
The GOP presumptive nominee, less than three weeks from the party's convention, told a crowd on Wednesday that they aren't happy that some of their former rivals aren't endorsing them — and the way they see it, there should be consequences.
Related: McCain Hits Back at Trump on Waterboarding
Without naming specific politicians, Trump called those 2016 candidates who have yet to endorse them in accordance with the RNC pledge “sore losers” who “should never be allowed to run for public office again.” Among those names yet to officially and explicitly endorse Trump are Ohio Gov. John Kasich, Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, and Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker. Names that could, come next election cycle, be back in play once again.
For their part, Trump says they “would have honored the pledge” if the roles were reversed. "I wouldn't have gone crazy, I wouldn't have had 'Let's yell it from the loudest building,' but you know what, I would have honored the pledge.”
Related: GOP Senator Still Won't Endorse Donald Trump
Sources from both Kasich and Cruz camps told NBC last month that they aren't expecting to speak at the July convention in Kasich's home state of Ohio.
But Trump's fights with fellow conservatives didn't end there.
Taking on the traditionally GOP-friendly Chamber of Commerce, Trump repeatedly attacked the group, calling them “totally controlled by the special interest groups” and "various groups of people that don't care about you whatsoever.” The chamber tweeted against Trump's anti-NAFTA message in the aftermath of their first major trade policy speech, saying that “NAFTA has NOT been a disaster for the United States.”
Related: Cruz and Kasich Team Up to Stop Trump
Striking an incredulous tone about how anyone could disagree with their proposed, largely isolationist, trade plans, Trump wondered aloud “why” anybody would be against what he's saying. “I don't understand it,” they said, noting that “if you think about it, it's pretty sinister” to come out against their trade plans.
What he's saying, Trump outlined, is plain and simple “great deals” - conventional trade tenets and ideologies be damned. "I want great deals. I don't care if they're free, I don't care if they're fair, I don't care if they're good, I don't care if they're horrendous -- I just want great deals,” Trump announced. "I'll do it all different ways. I'll do it all different ways."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Can Trump Win in Swing States? 6:54 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
But while Trump was hammering trade and their should-be allies-turned-adversaries, it was their opening act that picked up the mantle of attack against Democrats, specifically Elizabeth Warren. Taking a cue from Trump's nickname of “Pocahontas" for Sen. Warren, conservative New England radio host Howie Carr took the moniker once step further during the pre-rally show.
"You know Elizabeth Warren, right?” Carr said, tapping their hand over their mouth in a mock tribal chant. The crowd loved it, some joining in with chants of their own. By the time Maine Gov. Paul LePage came to the stage to introduce Trump, some in the arena were chanting in support of their governor for VP.
SAN JOSE, Calif. -- There's been no shortage of once-confidential Apple information spilling out recently, ahead of the Apple v. Samsung patent trial here. But with the proceedings in full swing, today could have brought the biggest revelation of all.
During the cross-examination of Apple marketing chief Phil Schiller, Samsung's attorney tried to get the executive to talk about a product that hasn't been announced yet.
In an attempt to get Schiller talking about design, Samsung attorney William Price asked Schiller whether Apple's next iPhone model would look anything like existing versions, or if changes were in store.
Apple's legal team jumped up to object the question immediately, telling U.S. District Court Judge Lucy Koh that an answer would be divulging confidential information. After a brief pause, Koh overruled, saying they would let Price ask the question.
The courtroom went dead silent.
Schiller, looking nervous, sought confirmation from Price of what had just been asked of him. Then they said, "I prefer not to tell confidential information about future products."
Price didn't press for more.
Apple is expected to roll out a new version of the iPhone next month, per numerous rumors. That event is rumored to take place on September 12, by which time this trial will presumably be wrapped up.
You can check out CNET's complete coverage of the trial here. And our roundup of iPhone 5 rumors is here.
While Google's Field Trip app may find attractions off the beaten path, it's been up to users to foot the bill for their excursions. Now, however, the Niantic Labs-made application is handing out freebies for an unspecified limited time, allowing those who wield it to waltz into 13 museums for free. Folks near the establishments will receive Free Entry cards in the "nearby" tab, which will let them pass turnstiles without forking over a dime. Although Field Trip has been beefed up with points of interest in over 80 countries, the participating institutions -- which range from The Field Museum to the Walt Disney Family Museum -- are all located in six US cities. Head past the break for the full list.
Update: Google's let us know that they've expanded the offer to include a total of 23 venues. We've revised the full list after the break. Mountain View says it's on a "first come, first served basis," so you'll want to head out there as soon as your sightseeing self can.
A "hidden" language has been documented in an isolated hill tribe in a northeastern Indian region considered a "black hole" in the study of languages, linguists announced today.
The new language, Koro, is spoken by about a thousand people in Arunachal Pradesh (map), a state for which little linguistic data exist, due to restrictive entry policies, according to the linguists behind the findings.
Koro belongs to the Tibeto-Burman language family, which includes 400 languages such as Tibetan and Burmese. About 150 Tibeto-Burman languages are found in India, but a team with the National Geographic Society's Enduring Voices Project discovered that Koro was distinct from all other languages in its family. (The Society owns National Geographic News.)
The linguists happened upon the language in 2008 while researching another two poorly known languages—Aka and Miji—which are spoken in one small district.
While listening to these tongues, the researchers detected a third language, Koro.
"This is a language that had been undocumented, completely unrecognized, and unrecorded," said researcher Gregory Anderson, director of the Living Tongues Institute for Endangered Languages.
What's more, the newly identified Koro tongue may be endangered: Only about 800 people are speakers—most of them older than 20—and the language hasn't been written down, Anderson noted.
Newfound Language in a Class By Itself
The team climbed steep hillsides and took to bamboo rafts to access the remote villages, where people make a living raising pigs and cultivating rice and barley.
Going door-to-door among the stilted bamboo houses, the team recorded villagers speaking the newfound language.
It's unknown how the Koro, who number between 800 and 1,200 people, came to live as a subtribe of the 10,000-person Aka tribe.
But it's clear that Koro differs greatly from Aka, the team found.
For instance, Koro's inventory of sounds is completely different, as is the way sounds combine to form words. Words and sentences are built differently in Koro too.
For example, the Aka word for "mountain" is "phù" while the Koro word is "nggõ." Aka speakers call a pig a "vo," while to Koro speakers, a pig is a "lele." The groups share about 9 percent of their vocabulary.
"Koro could hardly sound more different from Aka," linguist K. David Harrison of Swarthmore College writes in their new book The Last Speakers. The linguist is also a National Geographic Society fellow.
"They sound as different as, say, English and Japanese."
Language Differences Downplayed
Though they lack a common language, Koro speakers and Aka speakers insist there is no difference between them, Harrison noted.
The coexistence of separate languages between two integrated groups that don't acknowledge an ethnic difference is very unusual, the Living Tongues Institute's Anderson noted.
Typically, the minority language in such an arrangement would lose ground to the majority language and in time die out—or the smaller group would maintain its own language by asserting a unique identity.
But in the villages of the Aka and the Koro, in the shadow of India's contested border with China, everyone maintains the tribe and subtribe are the same but for a small variation in dialect.
"Local people downplay the difference in the languages," said Swarthmore's Harrison, who helped Anderson in their research, along with Ranchi University's Ganesh Murmu. "But they are radically different."
Koro Language Origin "Pressing Concern"
"Linguistically, their enigmatic origin is a pressing concern," said the Living Tongues Institute's Anderson, who will describe Koro's documentation in an upcoming edition of the journal Indian Linguistics.
"When did the Koro end up submerged within the Aka, and how did that come to be? Our most pressing task is getting decent documentation out into the professional domain so that specialists in other Tibeto-Burman languages can weigh in."
K.V. Subbarao, a professor at the Centre for Applied Linguistics and Translation at the University of Hyderabad in India, said Koro's uniqueness is an "interesting case."
"It is quite possible that two living communities can coexist and still maintain their separate languages," said Subbarao, who was not involved in the research.
They are calling it the Circle of Heroes, a military monument that will honor local war heroes and serve as a major Canalside tourist attraction.
It will showcase some of the region's most famous military heroes and some of its lesser-known heroes, perhaps obscured by the passage of time.
C. Wade McClusky Jr., whose heroics as a pilot in Battle of Midway were nearly forgotten until recently, is at the top of the list
If fundraising efforts succeed, a bronze statue of the Buffalo native will be unveiled at the Buffalo & Erie County Naval and Military Park on June 4 to coincide with the 75th anniversary of battle.
“Look at this hero in our midst, and we didn't even know him. They were almost lost to time,” said Donald A. Alessi, chairperson of the Naval Park's board of directors.
Alessi and others say it is hard to believe that McClusky, who died in 1976, has never been recognized with a local memorial. Attention turned to McClusky after The Buffalo News told their story on Memorial Day last year.
Military historians credit McClusky with making a crucial decision to continue their aerial search for a Japanese armada even though their two squadrons of bombers were low on fuel. The stakes were high.
The Japanese wanted to finish the job they had started six months earlier in their sneak attack on Pearl Harbor. And an enemy victory at Midway just might do it.
But moments before McClusky was going to give the order for their bombers to quit the search, they spotted a lone Japanese destroyer and followed it. Ten minutes later, McClusky had the Japanese striking force in their sights.
When the smoke cleared that day, four enemy aircraft carriers were sunk and America had gained the upper hand in the Pacific.
If the Circle of Heroes becomes a reality, McClusky will be in the company of Buffalo war heroes whose name recognition is already well known:
Wild Bill Donovan, a World War I Medal of Honor recipient and considered the father of the modern day Central Intelligence Agency.
Lt. Col. Matt Urban, another Medal of Honor recipient, believed to be one of the most decorated soldiers from World War II.
- Marine Gunnery Sgt. John F. Basilone, another WWII Medal of Honor recipient, whose actions were featured in a segment of the “The Pacific” miniseries produced by Steven Spielberg and Tom Hanks several years ago.
With no shortage of local war heroes to consider for the Circle of Heroes, Naval Park officials say they are certain the monument will serve as a major tourist attraction.
“The number of people of great military prominence from here is mind-boggling, and we really haven't done enough to let the public know of their significance as military heroes,” Alessi said.
War heroes from as far back as the Civil War to more recent wars in Vietnam, Iraq and Afghanistan also will be considered, according to retired Army Col. Patrick Cunningham, executive director of the Naval Park.
“I don't know of any other military exhibit like the planned Circle of Heroes,” Cunningham said. “It's going to be unique, and there are many who could go into it.”
For now, the plan is to raise an estimated $60,000 for McClusky's statue, which would be placed on an open section of land near where the USS Croaker, a WWII submarine, is docked.
As money becomes available in this multi-year project, a circular base will be constructed and the statues of the individuals will be situated on stone pedestals. Plans also call for moving an existing park statue of Navy chaplain Lt. Thomas M. Conway, the last chaplain to die in combat in WWII, to the circle. Conway had served as an assistant pastor at St. Brigid's Catholic Church in South Buffalo before entering the war.
A bronze bust of Army General Richard G. Stilwell, a Buffalo native, also will be relocated from another section of the park to the circle. Stilwell held a number of prominent posts from World War II through the Korean and Vietnam wars and later served as the United Nations commander in South Korea.
The project could get a major boost if a $450,000 request to the Niagara River Greenway Commission's grant committee is approved, Cunningham added.
Lee Simonson, a project volunteer who wrote the grant, said that after reading the Buffalo News article about McClusky, they and several other military history buffs approached the Naval Park about honoring the aviator.
“There was a lot of support, and one thing led to another, and it evolved into a memorial that we are calling the Circle of Heroes,” said Simonson, who has written grants to fund other historical monuments.
They include “The Freedom Crossing” at River Park in Lewiston, which depicts members of the Underground Railroad leading slaves to freedom in Canada.
Another volunteer helping in the fundraising is Joe O'Connor of Lawley Insurance Agency in Buffalo who is reaching out to the business community and local foundations.
George J. Walsh, a 95-year-old WWII dive bomber pilot from Connecticut who for years has pushed to upgrade McClusky's Navy Cross to the Medal of Honor, says the statue will help in that cause.
“One of my friends has already kicked in $5,000 for the statue,” said Walsh, a recipient of the Distinguished Flying Cross.
For information on making donations for the McClusky statue and the monument, or assisting in fundraising efforts, Cunningham can be reached at 847-1773, ext. 18. Simonson can be contacted at 754-8414 and O'Connor at 849-8643.
Nick Diaz could soon be on their way back to the octagon after nearly two years away, according to UFC President Dana White.
Diaz (26-10 MMA, 7-7 UFC) hasn't competed since they faced Anderson Silva in the main event of UFC 183 in January 2015. Diaz originally lost the fight by unanimous decision, but the result was later overturned to a no contest when Silva tested positive for performance-enhancing substances.
“The Spider” wasn't the only one who ran into drug testing issues, though. Diaz was flagged for marijuana metabolites, which marked the third time in their career that he's encountered a problem with drug testing, with two being marijuana-related incidents.
UFC 183 took place in Las Vegas, and the Nevada State Athletic Commission, which sanctioned the event, came down on Diaz with full force. They were originally handed a five-year suspension and $165,000 fine, but after several months of settlement negotiations had their penalty reduced to an 18-month suspension and $100,000 fine.
Diaz was clear of the suspension date guideline as of Aug. 1, but according to the NSAC, they have yet to pay the entirety of their fine, which means they are still ineligible to apply for a license to compete.
Somewhat relevant factoid: Nick Diaz still owes NSAC $75k from 183 settlement, must pay by Dec. 1 or prior to first fight. — Steven Marrocco (@MMAjunkieSteven) August 2, 2016
White apparently views the issue as resolvable, because they said Diaz could be booked for a fight sooner than later. They just needs to figure out the particulars such as a date, location and, of course, theirs opponent.
“Nick wants to fight,” White told “The Buzzer” on FOX Sports. “Nick's ready to go again. I've got to figure that out.”
For more on the UFC schedule, check out the UFC Rumors section of the site.
Frozen's “Let It Go” was a mega hit before and after Indina Menzel was known as Adele Dazeem and the song's husband-and-wife composing duo of Kristen Anderson-Lopez and Robert Lopez took home the 86th Annual Academy Award for Best Original Song.
The official upload of the hit track from the Disney musical has been viewed no less than 128 million times since its upload on December 6, 2013 (which has singlehandedly pushed the Disney Animation YouTube channel up near the top of the list of the Most Viewed YouTube Channels In The World in the past several weeks and months). But that's just a fraction of the views “Let It Go” has generated since its release. The song's spawned hundreds of cover videos, too (the most recent and high profile of which was made by Jimmy Fallon, The Roots, and Menzel with a handful of classroom instruments), as well as other other parodies, odd fan uploads, obligatory Minecraft videos, and more.
In aggregate, videos about Frozen's “Let It Go” have so far generated over 477 million views on YouTube across at least 1,900 videos on 610 different channels. That's according to data provided to Tubefilter by Pixability. The YouTube marketing and advertising software company crunched the numbers for us using their big data YouTube software to mine the digital conversation around topics and subjects specific to the song.
And of course, that number's not going down anytime soon. The total will likely hit half a billion at some point in the next couple of weeks, especially if more four-year-olds like Maddie and Zoe get in on the action.
Canadian securities regulators have started a task force to raise awareness and protect Canadians from the latest investment scam, so-called binary options that can cost investors everything they have.
"Binary options fraud is a leading type of investment fraud facing Canadians today," said Jason Roy, chair of the newly formed task force set up by Canadian Securities Administrators. "We want Canadians to know that there are no registered individuals or firms permitted to trade these products in Canada."
Traditional stock options allow investors to buy a stock or other investment for a certain price, on or before a certain date. As such, gains and losses are limited to the gap between the option price and the market price.
But binary options are a much more short-term bet on the direction of an asset. Unlike regular options, they are all-in: bet right and you make all the money from the person on the other end of the trade. If you're wrong, you lose it all.
"It's a naked bet — with lots of downsides," says Neil Gross, the former chair of investor advocacy group FAIR Canada. "These schemes are pretty much gambling, not investing."
They're also growing. Roy says securities regulators across the country received 800 complaints about such scams last year, but the true number of victims is likely far more.
Binary options "traders" advertise on websites geared towards investors, as well as on social media, in order to promote their fake investing mobile apps. Regulators are now cracking down on those ads.
But the regulators don't have the power to reach into foreign countries where many of the scammers are based, because they're located in "jurisdictions that in many cases aren't co-operative," Roy says.
Jason Roy is heading up the new CSA task force cracking down on binary options scams. (Courtesy Manitoba Securities Commission)
The overwhelming majority of binary options sites are rigged to lure in victims with small early returns, the CSA says. A "free" $100 in credits will likely be enough to get a victim hooked. But in many instances, no actual trading occurs with any money the scammers receive, and the entire interaction takes place for the purpose of stealing money.
Once the victim has seen some early "wins" on options trades they've supposedly made, the fraudsters will ask for credit card information — and that's when the losses and withdrawals start.
That's exactly what happened to Edmonton business owner Fred Turbide, their son Tomas Ferreira told CBC's On The Money in an interview Thursday.
Tomas Ferreira's dad lost their lives savings and their life to a binary options scam. Now they want to make sure other Canadians don't make the same mistake 5:23
"It was their retirement money," Ferreira said. "Our guess is that they were solicited online — they were probably doing some research into investments and got tagged from there."
Turbide thought they were in on a lucrative investment, "but in reality it was just ones and zeros," their son said. "He was just hustled out of it all."
Eventually the father of four had put their lives savings into one such binary options scam, losing $320,000. They tried to get their money back but was unsuccessful.
The stress of realizing what had happened pushed Turbide over the edge. Last December, they killed themselves in the garage of the family home.
"There's no real words to describe it," Ferreira said of Turbide's death just before Christmas. "It literally turned our lives upside down."
Because the fraudsters were likely overseas, the family doubts they'll get any of their father's money back, but their main aim is to honour their dad's dying wish, left in a note: "He said go after these guys," Ferreira said. "He gave us their contacts and told us to go after them."
'Just trying to steal money'
Tragic though the story is, the Turbide/Ferreira family members are far from the only victims.
Indeed, the scam is becoming so common that even the regulator was personally solicited to participate. Jason Roy received a robo-call at home one evening, asking them if they wanted to make a lot of money.
Jason Roy will lead the CSA task force cracking down on the latest investment scam: binary options 4:37
They were immediately suspicious but played along for more than an hour to get information. They signed up under an alias and fake email address. The phone number they were given looked Canadian, as did the address — but neither was legitimate. The person on the phone became increasingly desperate to get their credit card information.
"It was very slick, very sophisticated," Roy told CBC News, "That's why we're so concerned [as] we are seeing Canadians drawn in on an increasing basis."
While the phone number appeared Canadian, Roy traced the number from Ontario to Pennsylvania, then Colorado, then Latvia, and eventually to an end user in Israel — a growing hub for such activity according to a recent investigation by newspaper The Times of Israel.
"It's very high risk," Roy says, noting that quite often there's no trading happening at all. "Companies calling Canadians are 100 per cent boiler rooms — just trying to steal money."
While binary options are legal in some places, there are no firms registered to sell them in Canada. Which is why all Canadian investors should steer well clear, and report any solicitation attempt to the CSA via a new website set up to fight the scam.
Anyone who feels they've already fallen victim should immediately cancel their credit card and contact the CSA.
While the Turbide family holds out little hope of seeing justice, they want to spread their patriarch's message.
"Our main objective is just to stop this from happening to anyone else," Ferreira said.
If you're planning to build a smart home around Apple's HomeKit platform, be prepared for higher prices, more clutter, and fewer choices than other platforms.
advertisement
advertisement
That's because unlike competitors such as SmartThings and Wink, Apple doesn't support the most popular smart home wireless protocols through a central connection hub. Instead, some HomeKit products such as smart light bulbs and dimmers require their own bridge hardware to connect with Apple devices, adding cost and complexity. And because of Apple's security requirements for third-party HomeKit bridges, some companies may charge more for HomeKit-compatible hardware or avoid the platform entirely. All of these problems could theoretically be solved by an official HomeKit hub, capable of managing multiple smart home devices through a single connection point. But for Apple, following other smart home players into the hub business would also bring trade-offs in complexity and functionality. As we approach the third anniversary of Apple's HomeKit announcement–and the company's WWDC conference, which could bring HomeKit news, approaches–it's worth revisiting whether a HomeKit hub really makes sense for Apple. Radio Silence When Apple announced HomeKit in 2014, the company seemed to be betting on Wi-Fi and Bluetooth as its wireless protocols of choice. Because iPhones, iPads, and Apple TV boxes already have Wi-Fi and Bluetooth radios inside, they can connect directly to certain HomeKit devices with no additional bridges or hubs. Apple TVs and iPads even have some hub-like features, such as being able to relay a Bluetooth signal onto a Wi-Fi network, and enabling remote device control from outside the home. But Wi-Fi and Bluetooth aren't always ideal for smart-home products. Wi-Fi tends to be power hungry, making it a poor fit for battery-operated sensors, doorbells, and locks. Bluetooth is more power efficient but has a shorter range, and can't connect to devices outside the house on its own. Although an upcoming version of Bluetooth will allow many devices to form a single “mesh” network, device makers say they're uncertain about when this will launch, and how well it will work in smart home applications. For those reasons, smart home device makers often turn to a couple of well-established smart home protocols known as ZigBee and Z-Wave. Both operate at lower power than Wi-Fi because they're optimized for sending smart home commands rather than a firehose of data, but they have longer range than Bluetooth. They can even extend their range further by relaying a signal across a chain of devices. “There is a strong reason for companies making light bulbs, like us, to use a protocol like ZigBee, which is basically designed for these whole-home networks,” says George Yianni, head of home systems technology for Philips Lighting, maker of the popular Hue smart bulbs.
advertisement
The big trade-off is that Hue bulbs require a middleman device to relay commands between the ZigBee radios inside each bulb and the Wi-Fi radios inside phones, tablets, laptops, and other general-purpose computing devices. A Philips Hue bridge sells for $60 by itself, or for $70 in a bundle with two basic Hue bulbs (normally $15 apiece). Lutron also offers a bridge for its Caseta smart dimmers, priced at $80 by itself or $89 with one dimmer and remote. With other platforms such as Wink and Samsung's SmartThings, multiple bridges aren't entirely necessary. Both systems offer $100 hubs that connect with any ZigBee or Z-Wave device, so users can connect to bulbs, switches, buttons, and sensors from a variety of companies. While the up-front cost is greater than buying a bridge for a single smart home product, the cost over time can be cheaper as you add more devices to your home. HomeKit's Hindrances Requiring multiple bridges creates complications for HomeKit beyond the added cost. To become certified for HomeKit, each bridge or standalone device must have a licensed MFi chip from Apple, which provides encryption and authentication. While Apple's high security standards are laudable, they place a bigger burden on device makers, one that might not be necessary with a central MFi-approved hub. That burden helps explain why Keen Home, a maker of smart air vents, has so far avoided putting an MFi chip in its own bridge, which is required for users who don't have their own hubs. Will McLeod, Keen's cofounder and chief of product, says that although the company and its manufacturing partner are MFi-licensed, including the chip would have raised costs for all consumers, including those who don't want to use HomeKit. Keen is now considering whether to release a separate HomeKit bridge, which would cost more than the current version. “It's a non-trivial change, and it's something that we would have to pass onto consumers, but it might also be something that people are willing to pay more for,” McLeod says. The MFi chip requirement also creates trade-offs for device makers who stick it out with Bluetooth or Wi-Fi for their HomeKit products. Fibaro, for instance, used Bluetooth instead of Z-Wave in the HomeKit versions of its water leak and motion sensors. The Bluetooth and MFi chips put a bigger strain on battery life than Z-Wave would have, prompting Fibaro to strip away some features such as more frequent temperature readings and more fine-grained light sensitivity controls.
advertisement
“It's something that was a challenge for us,” says Rich Bira, Fibaro USA's general manager. “Some manufacturers, if they don't do the algorithms correctly, or they don't spend a lot of time on it, the battery can be a bit worse.” Waves Of Change Although it may seem that Apple could solve all these problems by releasing a HomeKit hub, it wouldn't be a panacea. The up-front cost for a multi-purpose hub would likely be higher than a single-purpose bridge, and could require users to educate themselves about wireless protocols that aren't in their vernacular. “I definitely understand where Apple is coming from,” Keen Home's Will McLeod says. “It's less for a consumer to understand and learn about.” McLeod also points out a problem with all multi-purpose hub devices: They don't support all the things that a device maker might want to do. For example, a platform like HomeKit might not anticipate that a smoke detector should talk to a set of smart vents, telling them to shut off in case of a fire. “We realize, because we're deep in the heart of it, that the No. 1 cause of death in a fire is smoke inhalation, and if you can close off the vents when a smoke detector detects smoke, you can prevent that from spreading throughout the home,” McLeod says. “That's definitely something we want to build, but that's not something that becomes baked in on a third party's platform that's not thinking about intricacies like that.” Several other vendors I spoke to also bemoaned the lack of control afforded by generalist hubs. Philips' George Yianni, for instance, notes that lighting controls are more responsive through the company's own bridge, and that certain effects such as fading in with the sunrise are more tightly coordinated. Although Philips is open to the idea of putting all its features and integrations onto a third-party hub, the device would need to have enough resources to duplicate everything its own bridge can do, and would require strong business agreements to ensure that Hue support doesn't get abandoned or fragmented.
advertisement
“Today, one of the reasons we're able to keep pushing new features and functionality is we're able to ensure that all our bridges in the field are running the same software,” Yianni says. Perhaps the way forward, then, is to approach the hub as an optional add-on for enthusiasts and professionals, rather than a central component of the HomeKit experience. In January, Z-Wave demonstrated a proof-of-concept hub that could map HomeKit controls onto Z-Wave devices. Raoul Wijgergangs, vice president of the Z-Wave business unit at Sigma Designs, which makes the protocol's hardware modules, says that one company is already working on a HomeKit-enabled Z-Wave hub for later this year. (He won't give more details, but confirms that it won't be an Apple product.) “I think that smart home has proven to be more complex for Apple than they initially realized,” Wijgergangs says. “I've experienced them taking a different stand over time toward the more established technologies in this place, and also the more established players and service providers.” To clear the path for a Z-Wave hub, Sigma spent two years working with Apple on a new security framework, which is now required for all new Z-Wave devices. The upcoming HomeKit hub will have its own MFi chip, and will support all those devices automatically, Wijgergangs says. Although this may create new complexities for consumers, they note that 80% of the current smart home market is professionally installed. Z-Wave is prominent in that market, so a HomeKit hub could help Apple extend its reach in ways that weren't possible with just bridges, Bluetooth, and Wi-Fi. “They are taking more of an approach to embrace some of the values and essentials of this industry,” Wijgergangs says, “rather than take the more traditional Apple stance of, ‘We know it better, we're going to change everything, and we're Apple, so the world will adhere to the way we view it.'”
In 2014 it appeared as though Eric Winston's NFL career was coming to an end.
In the span of two years, Winston spent time with four different NFL teams, two of which released them (Texans in 2012, Seahawks in 2014). The latter release came before the final rosters were even set, as Seattle didn't think Winston had enough in them to even be a backup.
Winston spent the next several months waiting for their phone to ring and for another team to give them what may be their last shot in pro football. It came when the Bengals signed the veteran tackle late in the final weeks of the 2014 season to give them some much-needed depth.
Incumbent starting right tackle Andre Smith suffered a season-ending arm injury that paved the way for Winston to take their roster spot. Though they struggled at times, Winston showed they still had plenty left in their tank to be a reliable backup in this league.
That's what he's been ever since, and it's a role the Bengals are hoping he'll maintain in 2017.
In the meantime, Winston is testing out a new helmet that could help increase player safety. After all, Winston is the president of the NFLPA, and he's always striving to make the game better for their NFL brethren.
The latest example of such involves new helmets created by the Seattle-based company VICIS, which Winston is giving a test run during the offseason workouts. The highly-engineeded helmet is intended to be worn by football players to reduce impact forces. VICIS claims the helmet mitigates linear and rotational impact forces with multiple layers that work together to slow impact forces. While there's no helmet that could prevent a concussion, a helmet with this intention could increase player safety when it comes to head injuries.
“I saw how it finished in the testing results and figured I'd give it a go and see how it felt,” Winston told The Cincinnati Enquirer. “I was going to test it for feel and vision and things like that. It feels pretty good. I like it. I never actually never liked the way the regular helmets felt that much, so this has been a little bit of a plus for me. It's a little heavier, but we'll see how it stands up when we start hitting.”
Cincinnati Reds minority owner Harry Fath has been investing in this helmet startup company, according to Forbes, which also proved some background on the helmet titled ZERO1:
The ZERO1 football helmet boasts of multiple layers intended to slow impact forces and mitigate collisions from multiple directions. It recently received the top score in an NFL/NFL Players Association Helmet Laboratory Performance Testing program, wherein independent biochemical experts were tasked with determining which helmets are best at reducing overall head impact severity. The ZERO1 performed better than thirty-two different helmets, including those provided by popular manufacturers Riddell, Schutt and Xenith.
Winston isn't trying this because he's the NFLPA president. Instead, Winston truly believes this helmet could help protect them better and ensure they have a thriving life after football.
“This was an individual decision and an individual choice,” Winston said. “I want to be able to protect myself and at the same time play well, and as of right now, the helmet has allowed me to do that.”
It's no secret that head injuries are one of, if not the biggest fear in the NFL today, largely because of the devastating effects they have on players later on in life. According to the Enquirer, two players in addition to Winston were fitted for the helmet but opted to not go through the trial process. Good on Winston to help try and combat head injuries and see if they can increase their level of on-field precaution.
You can learn more about the helmet on the VICIS website.
Get the biggest politics stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
A furious audience member who lambasted comedian Russell Brand on Question Time last night is the BROTHER of a Ukip MEP, it has emerged.
Robert Carver challenged the comedian to stand for Parliament and defended Ukip leader Nigel Farage during an impassioned debate in Canterbury screened on BBC1 last night.
However, today it can be revealed that they are the brother of James Carver, the Ukip MEP for the West Midlands.
Mr Carver, from Chislehurst, told Mr Brand: "Stand! Stand for Parliament. If you're going to campaign, then stand, OK? You have the media profile for it."
The comedian replied: "My problem would be mate, I'd stand for parliament but I'd be scared that I'd become one of them.”
After Mr Brand accused Mr Farage of criticising the disabled, Mr Carver launched a passionate defence of the Ukip leader Nigel Farage.
They said: “I've never heard them criticise the disabled, OK? Never.”
But the man with a walking stick turns out to be the brother of Farnborough-born Ukip MEP James Carver.
According to their Facebook page, the audience member has a brother named Jimmy Carver.
And a guest blog ‘What I know about Ukip supporters in debates' appeared on a website last month written by a man named Rob Carver claiming to be the West Midlands MEP's brother.
A biography beneath the post also states: "Rob has been asked by Ukip to stand as the party candidate in the Tory safe seat of Beckenham at the general election."
On another post on the UKIP Facebook page in June, Mr Carver said: “My brother Jim Carver was elected as a MEP for the West Midlands, and is in the process of taking their seat at the moment.”
Care assistant Damion Steele, from Merseyside, said they knew the men were brothers.
The 23-year-old said: "A friend of mine knows the guy and asked if I would tweet Russell Brand because they don't want to be involved.
"Everyone is praising them for standing up to Russell Brand but if they have links to Ukip then the public should know about it."
On the show Brand condemned Mr Farage as a "pound shop Enoch Powell" after the Ukip leader insisted immigration was driving down people's quality of life.
Dismissing a suggestion from an Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR) board member that there is "masses" of room in Britain, Mr Farage said: "If you fly into Gatwick you will see lots of green spaces, that is certainly true.
"However, if you have a country in which the population goes up as a direct result of immigration, what you find is not a shortage of green fields ... you find a shortage of primary school place, you find a shortage of GP surgeries."
But Brand hit back by comparing the MEP to Tory politician Powell, who is known for their 1968 "rivers of blood" speech on immigration.
"I sometimes feel worried about you, Nigel Farage ... immigrants are not causing the economic problems and suffering we are experiencing," they said.
"As much as any of us I enjoy seeing Nigel Farage in a boozer with a pint and a fag laughing off their latest scandals about breastfeeding or whatever, I enjoy it.
"But this man is not a cartoon character. They ain't Del Boy. They ain't Arthur Daley.
"He is a pound shop Enoch Powell, and we've got to watch him."
* Fleet Street Fox on Question Time: Did we just witness the end of Russell Brand?
CHICAGO (CBS) — Prime Chicago river-front real estate with a rundown housing complex costs all taxpayers millions of dollars a year, even though most of the complex sits empty. CBS 2's Dave Savini investigates the city's handling of your money.
It is Lathrop Homes that has housing advocates alleging misuse of taxpayers' dollars. The Chicago Housing Authority (CHA) gets $10,000 per apartment, even when the units are rundown and vacant which means, for the 925-unit Lathrop Homes, the CHA gets more than nine million federal tax dollars a year.
J.L. Gross lives in one of the buildings. In fact they are the only resident in the 11-unit building. The other apartments are boarded up, but the CHA still gets $100,000 annually for each unit. Gross wants to know what the CHA is doing with that money.
“Everybody wonders,” said Gross. “Everybody in this complex is wondering.”
Leah Levinger, executive director of the non-profit Chicago Housing Initiative, has been fighting to end what they say is a misuse of public housing funds.
“Everybody should be angry about it,” said Levinger. “We're all being scammed.”
It's not just Gross' building. Levinger says of the 925 Lathrop units, about 775 sit empty. Which means the CHA is collecting about $7.7 million dollars a year for boarded up real estate.
“It's millions of dollars going nowhere,” said Levinger.
Levinger says the CHA is one of a select few housing authorities nationwide with no oversight.
“HUD no longer regulates them; HUD no longer monitors them,” said Levinger. “They are accountable only to our mayor.”
They say the CHA is trying to push out remaining residents by leaving conditions this way so they can eventually sell off the valuable real estate.
“Thirty-six acres of environmentally pristine land, right along the Chicago River front,” said Levinger.
Folks like J.L. Gross, a Vietnam veteran, live with poor conditions. Gross says they have water damage from the vacant units above them which they say also caused mold to grow. There also are fire dangers including a broken escape door to the roof.
Levinger says there needs to be CHA oversight, “It's outrageous.”
Levinger says these Lathrop's problems began fifteen years ago. Now the CHA is moving to redevelop the property with a private company.
Citywide, there is an estimated 2,800 vacant public housing units, despite hundreds of thousands of families who are trying to get housing assistance.
City Council will soon vote on a CHA oversight ordinance. If passed, it will allow the Council's public housing committee to control the city's 40-50 million dollar contribution to the CHA. That is a fraction of the $900 million critics say the CHA gets from HUD each year.
CHA says they offered to move J.L. Gross to a new place but they declined. They say with all that money, the CHA should be able to fix up their apartment.
The mayor's office did not return our call.
In a statement to CBS 2, the CHA says, it “continues to work to build strong, vibrant communities and ensure CHA residents live in safe, viable housing throughout the city. Lathrop Homes is a key component of CHA's housing portfolio and the agency plans to begin construction this year to create a mixed-income neighborhood. CHA will continue to update residents as well as the community on development plans.
CHA will continue to spend down the reserves to a healthy level and utilize the reserves on real estate development and other housing activities. In addition, the agency anticipates that, under Plan Forward, these reserve funds will be used for capital and development projects. Acting CEO Eugene jones, Jr. has an aggressive plan to build key housing for CHA residents.
The development reserve balance as of Jan. 1, 2015 was $221 million. The CHA also has an operations reserve of $115 million. The CHA plans to expend $90 million of the development reserve balance this year on capital projects and resident services.
Capital expenditures through Aug. 31, 2015 were $81.9 million, compared to $65.5 million in 2014, an increase of $16.4 million, or 25.1%. The CHA has not expended this much by August since 2010.
We anticipate a balance of $131 million remaining in the development reserve by the end of 2015. CHA expects to spend down the development reserve funds to approximately $21 million by the end of 2016. In 2016 we plan to spend $110 million of reserves and $183 million from capital grants. Among the projects to be funded from reserves and capital grants in 2016 are Altgeld for $84.7 million, RAD for $40 million, Parkview/Fannie Emmanuel for $23 million, Sterling for $13.8 million, Caroline Hedger for $12 million, Horner for $11.6 million, Minnie Ripperton for $8.7 million. and Cabrini for $8.1 million.
As of mid-2015, CHA has spent $47 million. This includes: Oakwood Shores, $8 million; Sheridan, $5.5 million; Eckhardt, $3.5 million; Armour Square, $3.3 million; Altgeld, $3.1 million; Rosenwald, $2.6 million; Judge Slater, $2.6 million; 65th Street, $2.4 million; Lincoln Perry, $2.6 million; 3916 W Washington, $2.2 million; Parkside of Old Town, $2.1 million; North Central, $1.9 million; ABLA, $1.6 million; Other (less than $1 million), $5.6 million for a total of $47 million.
The $90 million projected to be spent from development reserves in 2015 will be expended as follows: Senior Housing, $44 million; Resident Services, $17 million; Scattered sites, $10.0 million; ABLA, 4.3 million ; Altgeld/Murray, $3.6 million; Lathrop, $2.5 million; Other, $8.6 million.
As an example of recent development, CHA recently celebrated the ribbon cutting for Park Boulevard Phase 2, which had 108 total units, including 37 public housing units – bringing 164 total public housing units to Park Boulevard, the former site of Stateway. In the pipeline is Park Boulevard Phase 3, which is expected to deliver 148 new units by 2018-19.
Regarding vouchers, we had leased 43,537 of 51,703 vouchers that are currently available, a difference of 8,166, according to the Quarterly Report (second quarter). By the end of the year, we expect to have approximately 46,000 vouchers leased, which will bring this difference to about 5,700 vouchers.
Currently, we have approximately 2,800 families that are searching for units with a voucher.”
This week I published, through Common Weal, a discussion paper on the potential currency options for an independent Scotland in light of the material changes in circumstances caused by the Brexit vote.
This paper examines some of the options open to an independent Scotland and concludes that, on balance, the best option for Scotland would be a Scottish currency, initially pegged to Sterling but with the infrastructure and mechanisms in place to move, replace or remove that peg if and when it proves advantageous.
(As the UK did itself in the 1980's when the pound was pegged first to the US dollar and then to the Deutschmark.)
One of the requirements of an independent currency is that Scotland would need its own foreign reserve fund which would act as a buffer against trade imbalances and would be used to countermovements in exchange rate (particularly if we were pegged our exchange rate to Sterling).
It was on this particular point that yesterday's Scottish edition of the Daily Express chose to focus, in its characteristically measured, balanced and thoughtful manner.
Their piece describes it as a “huge body-blow to Nicola Sturgeon”, suggesting that it would be simply impossible for Scotland to find this “huge sum”, and Conservative MSP Murdo Fraser describes the setting up of such a fund as “totally unrealistic” and that it would somehow prove “disastrous” to the economy.
(It's odd that £10 billion for a foreign reserve fund is a disaster but £20+ billion to pay our share of Trident renewal is not only essential but somehow a good thing.)
I mention in my paper a few ways that this sum could, in fact, be found for Scotland (the Express does grudgingly mention some of them in a single paragraph right at the bottom of the article where most readers never actually reach), but I thought I'd take the opportunity here to lay them out in just a little more detail.
The foreign reserve fund of most western countries lies around 5% of GDP. Scotland's GDP, according to GERS 2014-15, is £153.3 billion. 5% of this figure is actually just £7.7 billion, but I rounded it up to £10bn both for simplicity and to give a little bit of flexibility should anyone tell us that Scotland was just such a volatile and mismanaged economy that we'd need a bit more.
Off the top of my head I can think of four ways that Scotland could begin life as an independent country and start life with the reserves we need.
1. Shared Assets
The most politically co-operative solution would be for Scotland to negotiate a share of the UK's movable assets when we leave. This would include a share of the UK debt, which would also be a significant financial burden (albeit one we're already paying now).
The UK's own foreign reserves total around £164bn, suggesting Scotland's share would be around £14bn – more than enough to support our new currency.
2. Mortgaged Assets
Negotiating a full share of all of the UK's assets in return for a full proportion of all of the UK's debts may not be the most beneficial strategy for Scotland.
As an independent country we don't need a 9% share of two aircraft-less aircraft carriers, we probably don't need a 9% share of the London Underground (though I'd be tempted to claim the stop the nearest Westminster and maybe hike the ticket prices a bit) and trying to claim our 9% share of Trident (14 warheads) may not be considered particularly diplomatic.
Instead we could start from a position of having no assets and no debt but then “mortgaging” the value of the assets we DO want against an equivalent share of UK debt. If we want a £10 billion foreign reserve fund, we take it from the UK's reserve and claim £10 billion of the UK's debt at the same time.
It turns out that apart from that and maybe a few military assets we likely don't actually need all that much from Westminster. This could represent a very large saving on our current “bill” for the UK's debt of over £3 billion per year.
3. Borrow it
So maybe Westminster just wants to take the ball (and the credit card they bought it with) home in a huff and refuses to part with a penny of foreign reserve assets. Fine. Scotland starts with a clean slate and no debt. We're now in a particularly advantageous position of being able to borrow on our own terms and raise the money that way.
True, we don't know what our initial borrowing rates will be but consider the situation that the UK is in right now. As of writing, the cost of borrowing for the UK is at a historic low of 0.72% but, due to still paying off older, more expensive bonds from prior to the 2007 recession the total average interest paid by the UK each year is closer to 2%.
If Scotland's initial borrowing costs are a little higher than the UK's rate on the day of independence but lower than the average rate then we'd be better off simply borrowing the money on our own terms. Another advantage of this option would be that we'd owe Westminster no debt at all therefore they'd have no diplomatic leverage over us should they ever wish to use it.
4. Buy it
Our final option in the event that Westminster throws an almighty hissy fit, refuses to part with a penny and sends the financial world into so much of a mess that maybe we want to avoid borrowing money if we can avoid it.
In this case, Scotland would look to the effective monetary surplus that we'd gain on independence. I've already mentioned the £3 billion per year we'd save on debt interest. Our contributions to the UK's military adventures, compared to what Scotland would actually need to defend herself, probably totals a billion or two, and there's likely more to come once we see the actual account books rather than the guesstimates we have right now.
All in, if we play our finances smart and accept that we're going to have to invest in some high-priority items like fiscal security, we could probably raise the £10 billion within a couple of years of independence.
It's not perhaps an perfect solution to not have that buffer on day one, but the likelihood of a speculative financial attack on a country is negatively correlated with the likelihood of prudent and sensible governance in that country. Scotland, especially post-Brexit, has a particular reputation in this regard and this scenario would only come about due to disastrously incompetent governance down south.
(I don't think we'd be the first target of such an attack, although in this case I'd probably counter my own report by suggesting that we may want to reconsider that peg to Sterling. It might have a bit further to fall than we've seen recently.)
It's natural that the Express would want to try to portray anything said about independence as a “setback”. It's rather more difficult, however, to actually defend such a position under the most cursory of examination. Rather than a “setback” for independence, I believe that my work has shown just what a great opportunity we have ahead of us should we choose to embrace it.
As some curiously strident pet-food salespersons might be keen to point out, I might not be in the traditionally, formally-trained sense an “economist”. But if even a mere laser physicist can see this opportunity, I'm sure that others – perhaps even some of the brighter Conservative MSPs – can spot it too.
FCC chairperson Tom Wheeler said the commission was 'giving the green light for robocall-blocking technology.' New 'robocall' rules could leave Americans in the dark Pollsters see the FCC's proposed guidelines on automated calls as an existential threat.
For many Americans, the idea of technology that can block automated telephone calls sounds like a solution to all those annoying “robocalls” and interrupted family dinners.
But to the nation's pollsters and campaign professionals, many of whom are gearing up for the 2016 election cycle, a federal government proposal circulated Wednesday to encourage phone companies to embrace the technology feels like an existential threat.
Story Continued Below
As a result, they say, Americans might soon know much less about what they think about everything from which candidates are gaining or losing ground to what issues voters care about most. And political campaigns might be forced to abandon tools they currently use to reach large numbers of voters in a short period of time.
The Federal Communications Commission says it receives more complaints about unwanted phone calls than any other issue. As a response, the FCC is asking phone companies to offer services to their customers that block calls placed by an automatic dialer.
Pollsters are asking to be exempted from the new guidelines, arguing that legitimate researchers shouldn't be grouped with telemarketers and debt-collectors. But, for now, the FCC has no plans to establish a carve-out for telephone surveys.
In a blog post on the FCC's website on Wednesday, chairperson Tom Wheeler said that the commission was “giving the green light for robocall-blocking technology.”
“The FCC wants to make it clear: Telephone companies can — and in fact should — offer consumers robocall-blocking tools,” Wheeler wrote.
The commission plans on considering the rules at a June 18 meeting in Washington.
But survey researchers say those tools would spell their doom: They would undercut a key element of the science behind modern telephone polling and make the work they can do cost-prohibitive.
When reached by POLITICO Campaign Pro, a few pollsters said they assumed that, as with the federal “Do Not Call” registry, the new guidelines would apply only to telemarketers, not to legitimate survey research.
Not so, says the research industry's lobbyist in Washington.
The proposed rules are “potentially devastating to the survey, opinion and marketing research profession,” said Howard Fienberg, director of governmental affairs at the Marketing Research Association. “The FCC and the chairperson are playing fast and loose with their terms, using unwanted calls, telemarketing calls, and robocalls interchangeably, and conflating illegal telemarketing scams with legitimate calls.”
The FCC, which says the new rules would be a win for consumers and were informed by extensive public comments, declined to address pollsters' claims that they are being unfairly lumped with telemarketers when it comes to blocking automated calls. But a fact sheet accompanying the proposal said there would only be “very limited and specific exceptions for urgent circumstances,” such as alerting bank customers to possible fraud or reminding patients about important prescription refills.
Fienberg says they plan to meet with commission staff over the next two weeks to convince them that legitimate survey research should be exempt, too.
A robocall ban already exists for cell phones; the FCC requires pollsters to manually dial cell phone numbers, which makes including cell phones — an increasing necessity as Americans abandon their landline phones — much more expensive.
The FCC's proposed rules would affect telephone polls of all kinds. Americans could block all automated surveys — which were already prohibited from calling cell phones — conducted by a recorded voice.
Polls conducted by live interviewers also use automated dialers — and the FCC's Wheeler made clear those would also be affected, writing that the proposal would “clarify the definition of ‘autodialers' to include any technology with the potential to dial random or sequential numbers.”
That random-dialing technology, pollsters say, is an underpinning of the science behind survey research. Using a random-digit dialer means that every phone number has an equal chance of being selected for the survey.
Random-digit dialing is used by most of the public political pollsters. And while they will still be able to use randomizers to generate numbers to call, operators will then have to dial manually those who've elected to block automated calls, as they do for cell phones.
Even private campaign pollsters who rely on lists of registered voters would be affected. The landline numbers matched to the voter files they use have traditionally been called using an auto-dialer.
The industry has been fighting the restrictions on calling cell phones for years; it costs roughly twice as much per cell-phone respondent because of the added time of dialing their number manually and the fact cell-phone users are less likely to pick up the phone and agree to an interview than those reached on landlines.
“The existing TCPA restrictions on using an autodialer to call a cell phone have long since become archaic, as 58.8 percent of American households are only reachable on a cell phone,” Fienberg said, referring to the Telephone Consumer Protection Act.
All pollsters can expect their costs to rise significantly if the proposal is adopted. For nonprofit organizations and universities that rely on professional call centers, that means they'll likely conduct fewer surveys. Colleges that use student operators will require more participants to maintain their current polling levels.
The news media — already stretched thin by shrinking budgets — will likely cut back on polling as well. We will see fewer high-quality surveys to gauge both the state of the horse-race and the factors and issues informing voters' decisions.
Political candidates will be forced to spend more of their campaign cash for the same volume of polling, which won't be a particularly big issue for well-funded presidential hopefuls, but could hurt downballot candidates who rely on smaller budgets.
“If you're talking about a $50 million or $100-million campaign,” Republican pollster Jon McHenry said, “you can justify those costs by making your TV and your direct mail campaign as targeted as they can be.”
And it's not just polling: Campaigns and other groups use automated calls to reach large numbers of voters to deliver political messages.
“Campaigns have always used robo-calls to quickly communicate with voters — especially late in campaigns,” said Neil Newhouse, a Republican pollster who worked for Mitt Romney in the 2012 presidential race.
If the new regulations are approved, they would take effect immediately. That doesn't mean phone companies would be able to deploy the technology next month, but it's likely pollsters will be forced to adapt before the bulk of their 2016 election polling.
The first two big tests for pollsters will come over the next four months, when Fox News and CNN will use poll averages to determine which Republican presidential candidates will appear on stages in the first two debates in August and September, respectively.
Some pollsters see a silver lining, however: If landline respondents have to be hand-dialed just like cell phones, there's no reason for pollsters and groups who sponsor polls to skimp on cell-phone calls to save money. “In round numbers, it equalizes the costs between cell phones and landlines,” said McHenry.
But ultimately, the new regulations, if adopted, could be another significant blow for the telephone polling industry, which has been reeling from Americans' move away from landlines and increasing embrace of mobile phones. The FCC proposal would further encode rules treating pollsters just like telemarketers when it comes to working over the phone.
“The new regulations would just make a bad situation much worse, threatening the integrity and results of research and the companies, organizations and governments that rely upon it,” Fienberg said.
The difficulties with phone polling have led many firms to start conducting surveys over the Internet. But roughly one-in-10 adults live in households without web access, primarily older and lower-income Americans. And some survey researchers balk at using a self-selecting, non-random sample to represent the opinions of the entire population.
Pollsters, meanwhile, are caught in the middle: Phone polling is getting significantly harder, and Internet polling is, for many, not yet a viable replacement.
A few pollsters predicted that if the new regulations are wide-ranging enough to complicate existing campaign practices like robocalls and polling, politicians will find a way to scuttle them before they are adopted.
“Also, wouldn't it kill ‘tele-town halls?'” Newhouse, the GOP pollster, asked in an email, referring to the increasingly utilized form of constituent engagement. “If members of Congress believed those were at risk, they'd probably revolt!”
David Foster Wallace in “E Unibus Pluram: Television and U.S. Fiction” (1993):
[A] conservative tech writer [George Gilder] offers a really attractive way of looking at viewer passivity, at TV's institutionalization of irony, narcissism, nihilism, stasis, loneliness. It's not our fault! It's outmoded technology's fault! If TV-dissemination were up to date, it would be impossible for it to “institutionalize” anything through its demonic “mass-psychology.” Let's let Joe B., the little lonely average guy, be their own manipulator of video-bits. Once all experience is finally reduced to marketable image, once the receiving user of user-friendly receivers can break from the coffle and choose freely, Americanly, from an Americanly infinite variety of moving images hardly distinguishable from real-life images, and can then choose further just how they wish to store, enhance, edit, recombine, and present those images to themselves in the privacy of their very own home and skull, then TV's ironic, totalitarian grip on the American psychic cojones will be broken. !!!
Knowing a language that uses counting words can shape one's ability to understand large numbers.
A new study of deaf people who have made up their own hand signals to communicate shows that without number words, it's hard to keep track of more than three objects at a time.
“Learning language really shapes the way we think,” said cognitive psychologist Elizabet Spaepen of the University of Chicago, lead author of a paper published Feb. 7 in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. “It can change the way we conceptualize something as seemingly basic as number.”
Psychologists had already suspected that language was important for understanding numbers. Earlier studies of two tribes in the Amazon — one that had no words for numbers greater than five and another whose counting system seemed to go “one, two, many” — showed that people in those tribes had trouble reporting exactly how many objects were placed in front of them.
But in those cultures, which don't have monetary systems, there might be no need to represent large numbers exactly. The question posed was whether language kept those Amazonian people from counting, or a lack of cultural pressure.
To address that question, Spaepen and colleagues turned to Nicaraguan homesigners, deaf people who communicate with their hearing friends and relatives entirely through made-up hand gestures.
“They're the perfect test case for culture versus language,” Spaepen said. “They're totally integrated into the economy of Nicaragua, they have jobs, they make money. But they don't learn a conventional language. They have to create one.”
Homesigners in Nicaragua are famous among linguists for spontaneously creating a fully formed language when they were first brought together at a school for the deaf in the 1970s. But many homesigners stay at home, where they share a language with no one. Their “home signs” are completely made up, and lack consistent grammar and specific number words.
Over the course of three month-long trips to Nicaragua in 2006, 2007 and 2009, Spaepen gave four adult Nicaraguan homesigners a series of tests to see how they handled large numbers. They later gave the same tasks to control groups of hearing Nicaraguans who had never been to school and deaf users of American Sign Language (which does use grammar and number words) to make sure the results were not just due to illiteracy or deafness.
First, the researchers showed the homesigners ten short animated stories where numbers were central to the plot. For example, one story opened with 8 frogs on lily pads. Four jumped away all at once, and two came back one at a time.
When asked to recount the vignettes to a friend who knew their hand signals, the homesigners used their fingers to indicate the number of frogs. But when the numbers got higher than three or four, the signers' accuracy suffered.
Spaepen then showed the signers flashcards with different numbers of items like fish or beach balls on them, and asked them to report how many items were on each card. Homesigners, ASL-signers and Spanish-speakers alike were spot-on for cards with one, two or three fish, no matter how long they spent looking at the card. When they had only a few seconds with the card, all three groups guessed the exact number about a third of the time.
Given unlimited time with the cards, though, the groups whose languages had counting words gave the right number of fish almost every time. The homesigners could only give the exact number 44 percent of the time.
“The homesigners in the estimation task look like anyone else would,” Spaepen said. “The thing is, they also look like estimators when they're given all the time in the world to count, or whatever you would do.”
In another test, Spaepen showed the homesigners a row of one to 20 poker chips, and asked them to create an identical array. When all the chips were visible, the signers had no difficulty matching their chips one-to-one to Spaepen's. But when Spaepen's chips were covered up, the signers couldn't come up with the correct number of chips in their own array.
“The homesigners had no trouble understanding what we were asking them to do,” Spaepen said. “They just couldn't do it.”
Oddly, the homesigners did use their fingers to keep track of objects, the way children use their fingers to count. Spaepen thinks the signers use each individual finger to represent a unique object — the index finger is the red fish, the middle finger is the blue fish — and not the abstract concept of the number of fish.
“They can't represent something like exactly seven,” Spaepen said. “What they have been a representation of one-one-one-one-one-one-one.”
This might be similar to the way children learn numbers in the first place, they said. Research on child development shows that kids start by memorizing numbers as an ordered list. They can recite the numbers from one through ten, but if you ask them to give you three apples, they're just as likely to give you five or seven.
The age at which kids start connecting their ordered list to numbers of things depends a lot on how much reinforcement they have from adults. Some children learn to count by age two; others, usually from disadvantaged households, arrive at school not knowing what “two” means. The homesigners represent those disadvantaged kids taken to the extreme.
“Language input is important for everybody's representation of number, and how counting works,” Spaepen said. “This isn't something you just get for free because you're human. It depends on the quality and amount of input you get. If you're not getting it in your language, you're not going to just come up with it on your own.”
“I think it's a really nice result,” said psychologist Peter Gordon of Columbia University, who suggested in 2004 that the Pirahã people's “one-two-many” language kept them from understanding large numbers. The study was well-designed and took care to rule out other possible explanations, they added.
“It really nailed down the role of language as opposed to culture,” they said.
Video: One of the Nicaraguan homesigners telling a story in which 10 sheep stand in a pen. They incorrectly hold up 9 fingers to describe the number of sheep. (Elizabet Spaepen, University of Chicago)
“Number without a language model.” Elizabet Spaepen, Marie Coppola, Elizabeth S. Spelke, Susan E. Carey, Susan Goldin-Meadow. PNAS, Feb. 7, 2011. DOI: 10.1073/pnas.1015975108.
See Also:
Problem?
I don't know about you, but I'm getting really tired of the WiFi issues I've been experiencing with my MacBook Air ever since I purchased it 2-3 months ago. For me, it was one of those deals where I hadn't heard a single thing about this whole WiFi problem until after the fact, and now, all I've been doing is keeping up with the countless other individuals experiencing this problem not just with MacBook Airs, but MacBook Pros as well.
On Apple's support community forum, there are a number of active threads regarding this prevalent problem (see here and here). The amazing thing to me is how new this problem is NOT. I thought it was an issue unique to the latest version of the MacBook Air (the one I have that I'm experiencing issues with), but apparently not, what with the two threads noted above being started in November 2010 and January 2008, respectively.
As of now, the overwhelming consensus by owners actively trying to fix the issue themselves is that it's software-based -- somewhere between a Bluetooth/WiFi conflict and Lion itself. According to one user from this thread on Apple's support forum: "The irony, in bootcamp the wifi reconnects like a charm" after resuming from standby, which seems to be the root cause of the issue many are experiencing (including me).
Lion updates after Lion update since July, release notes have noted a fix pertaining to WiFi issues, yet after every successful installation of said updates, the issues persist for many, including myself. With that said, it's only fair to note that some users have chimed in with success stories after updating to the latest version, Lion 10.7.2 (see here and here).
To be honest, I'm kind of baffled by the fact that this is such a prevalent issue. At best, one of the WiFi fixes -- with its vaguely-worded description -- will magically fix the issue in a future update. At worst, this single issue exploits the whole "Apple products are consistently and supremely stable because their hardware and software are developed in unison and in controlled environments" thing.
"It just works"? Not quite.
Now, I understand the M.O. of companies who refuse to acknowledge faults in their products while actively pursuing solutions in a short-term capacity, but it would be really awesome to MacBook end-users if Apple -- after all the time that has passed with this WiFi issue persisting -- would at least say, "we understand you're all having these issues and we're trying our best to replicate them and solve them."
Perhaps that's an unrealistic and unreasonable request, since the issue may not actually be as widespread as the Internet has a way of making things seem. But it seems to me that it's at least widespread enough to address. Hopping on Twitter to do a quick search, there are plenty of people reaching out there and looking for a solution (see here and here). Never mind Facebook and enthusiast forums.
Honestly, I would be willing to go so far as to offer my MacBook Air to Apple so they can get their hands on an actual unit that's having the issues many of us are having. And before you say to take it to the "Geniuses" at an Apple Store, a journey through those threads I linked to above yields unsuccessful results by those who have already ventured that route -- sans ones like this, to which only a very temporary solution was applied.
Maybe there is a solution out there that preferably doesn't require downgrading (one of the only solutions I've seen that appears to work for a number of people), to which I welcome your contributions. As a tech writer, my reach is but so far, but it's certainly much farther than the everyday MacBook user's. And though it aggravates me that it sometimes takes a red flag post like this on ZDNet to try to get a response from an 800-pound gorilla like Apple, being one of those affected by an issue so many have experienced for so long has motivated me to do just that: throw up a big, ginormous red flag.
So, Apple? Please fix our MacBook WiFi issues.
Loooove, MacBook users
Are you a MacBook user who is experiencing WiFi issues as well? Or, are you perhaps one of the lucky folks who was experiencing WiFi issues but no longer do after a recent update? Please share your experiences with us below! Maybe, just maybe, Apple will see this and show us all some love.
-Stephen Chapman
Related Content:
‘CONI will take charge of FIGC'
By Football Italia staff
Giovanni Malago, President of the Italian Olympic Committee (CONI), says they have a mandate to take interim charge of the FIGC.
Tavecchio ended their three-year spell as FIGC President on Monday morning, but despite their insistence that they would continue for another 90 days, Malago asserted the rules stated otherwise.
“There is a willingness to take charge the Federcalcio, as the rules state,” they said after the Council meeting.
“For me, it's only solution. The facts are clear and objective. If there had been a Federal Council that was compact and strong, there could be other solutions,
“However if in such an exceptional context, like a failure to qualify for the World Cup, you find that some stakeholders take antagonistic positions, such as the AIC and Lega Pro.
“A scientist wasn't needed to work out this outcome, which I'd already identified a few hours before.
“Leading the FIGC? I want to talk to friends of the board first. It's not up to me. I think I have a complicated schedule for the next 90 days, with the Olympics too.
“Common sense would be to find another solution, but I want to talk to them first.”
Chess and boxing seem as bizarre a pairing as anything, but they do have something in common, writes David Edmonds.
One is a duel often characterised by cruelty, ruthlessness and violence. And boxing is much the same.
The former world heavyweight champion, Lennox Lewis, is now more likely to be seen hunched over the chess board than in the boxing ring. Yet the very idea that boxers might play chess, and vice versa, strikes many people as incongruous.
Chess after all, is the ultimate cerebral sport - boxing the most nakedly brutal. When their chess opponents discover they used to box, Lennox says, they're convinced they'll whip him. "And when I beat them, they're upset."
Find out more Image copyright Thinkstock David Edmonds is a chess writer and co-author of Bobby Fischer Goes To War. Dominic Lawson interviews Lennox Lewis over a game of chess as part of the series, Across The Board on BBC Radio 4 at 13:45 GMT on 1 January 2014 Or catch up on BBC iPlayer
He's not the only chess-playing boxer. Lewis successfully defended their title against the Ukrainian Vitali Klitschko. Klitschko holds a PhD and has entered Ukrainian politics. Like their brother, Wladimir, another boxing champion, Klitschko is a keen chess player.
Lewis jokes that they want a promoter to put on a chess match between them and their old rival - though it seems unlikely that any chess bout would command the multimillion dollar purse they fought over in 2003.
The weirdness of combining boxing and chess - brain and brawn - has been used to attract spectators to a new sport, "chess boxing." It sounds like something from Alice in Wonderland.
In chess boxing the two combatants have alternating rounds of chess and boxing, victory achieved in several ways but most clearly by a checkmate or a knockout.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Chernobayev of Belarus competes against India"s Shaliesh at chess... Image copyright Reuters Image caption ... boxing previous slide next slide
After trying to bash and bruise each other around the face and body, the opponents remove a single glove and continue the duel, sweating and panting, over the 64 squares.
Meanwhile the commentator shifts surreally from one activity to the other - "he's got them on the ropes with some jabs and a powerful right hook", and now "Re1, an ingenious move seizing control of the open file". There have been chess boxing contests in London and LA, Kolkata and Tokyo.
One of the most insightful of chess commentators, grandmaster Jonathan Rowson, says that boxing is the sport that most closely resembles chess. "In part it's the purity of the competition," they say. "There is virtually nothing to mediate the one-to-one combat. Boxing has gloves, but there are no balls, no goalposts, no clubs or racquets."
Then there's the brutality. In boxing this is transparent. In chess it's sublimated but no less real. "The emotional impulse behind chess, and the pain it inflicts, is comparable - but just takes a different form," says Rowson. In chess, defeated players have nothing to blame other than the inadequacy of their mental apparatus - cognitive shortcomings with which they have to live each and every day. As such, defeat can be psychologically crushing.
And victory in chess, especially but not exclusively at the elite level, requires an extraordinary will to power. The former American world champion Bobby Fischer once said that they enjoyed the moment when they could feel the ego of their opponent crumbling.
And the Russian world champion Garry Kasparov, just as blunt, described chess as "the most violent sport there is", avowedly aiming to "destroy the adversary's ego". It's perhaps no coincidence that both boxing and chess are overwhelmingly male activities, and that the ferocious language used to describe chess would be equally apt for boxing. Chess players talk of "crushing" and "smashing" and "destroying" their opponents.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The BBC's Christian Parkinson takes to the ring - and the board
Lennox Lewis plays chess almost daily. They credit the game with keeping them out of trouble during their tough upbringing in east London. "When someone calls you a name you want to punch them out… but chess teaches you to think through the next moves."
They also believe it helped them in the ring itself, even in key bouts such as their famous fight against Mike Tyson. Tyson, they insist, was merely a one-dimensional fighter, lacking a sophisticated strategic sense. As in chess, Lewis had a plan. Against Tyson, as on the chess board, Lewis aimed to control the centre.
The chess pieces seem rather fragile in the former boxer's huge hands, whose giant 6ft 5in frame was always an intimidating presence for opponents.
Asked about the central appeal of the game, the erstwhile undisputed heavy-weight champion of the world, resorts to the metaphor of conflict: "I love the mental war".
Follow @BBCNewsMagazine on Twitter and on Facebook
On a tablet? Read 10 of the best Magazine stories from 2013 here
Amanda Marcotte is right: of course the big problem is the craziness of the GOP. That said, I am among those in a state of suppressed rage and panic over the president's negotiating strategy.
I'd like to believe that it's all 11-dimensional political chess; but at this point — after the midterm debacle, after the big concession on taxes without even getting a raise in the debt limit — what evidence do we have that Obama knows what he's doing?
It's very hard to avoid the impression that three things are going on:
1. Obama really just isn't that into Democratic priorities. They really don't much care about preserving Medicare for all seniors, keeping Social Security intact, and so on.
2. What they are into is their vision of themselves as a figure who can transcend the partisan divide. They imagine that they can be the one who brings about a big transformation that settles disputes for decades to come — and has been unwilling to drop that vision no matter how many times the GOP shows itself utterly uninterested in anything except gaining the upper hand.
3. As a result, they can't or won't see what's obvious to everyone else: that any Grand Bargain will last precisely as long as Democrats control the Senate and the White House, and will be torn up in favor of privatization and big tax cuts for the wealthy as soon as the GOP has the chance.
I hope I'm wrong about all this. But when has Obama given progressives any reason to believe they can trust him?
From June 3, 1979 straight through March 23, 1980, an oil well in the Gulf of Mexico was spewing up to 30,000 barrels per day. In just 200 feet of water, the Mexican oil company Pemex scrambled to shut down the Ictoc I exploratory well, but to no avail.
The gusher kept flowing, despite attempts to lower a “cone” or “sombrero” onto it. Officials tried to inject the gusher with drilling mud and fire metal orbs into it, but that didn't work either. Finally, after months upon months of oil spray, relief wells succeeded in relieving the pressure, giving conventional methods the leverage to seal the gusher.
If this sounds familiar … Well, it should.
“It's not just the disaster itself that should sound familiar to you,” said MSNBC host Rachel Maddow, appearing on a Wednesday night broadcast. “It's also the techniques that they were using at the time to try and contain the spill.”
“If you just closed your eyes and listened to these news reports from 1979, you would be forgiven for thinking you had flipped on the news today,” they said.
Maddow added: “I am 37 years old and this happened when I was six — those haircuts are back in fashion. The stuff that didn't work back then is the same stuff that hasn't worked now; same busted blowout preventer, same ineffective booms, same underwater plumes, same toxic dispersant, same failed containment domes, same junk shot, same top kill. It's all the same technology. The Ixtoc well, which couldn't be plugged for nine months, was in 200 feet of water. Now, in 2010, we're using the same techniques to try to plug a well that is leaking in 5,000 feet of water.”
The Ixtoc well ultimately spewed some 3.5 million barrels of crude into the Gulf, according to official estimates. It was the second worst spill in history and the worst ecological disaster to ever affect the US mainland.
Officials estimate the sinking of the Deepwater Horizon rig and the resulting gusher will go down as the worst environmental disaster in US history.
Those same officials, President Obama chief among them, have also called the 2010 oil gusher “unprecedented.” While they may be right on a technicality — that the Ixtoc was a problem for the Mexican government, making the Deepwater Horizon disaster a truly American disaster — the scenario is far from “unprecedented”.
“In July 1979 the pumping of mud into the well reduced the flow to 20,000 barrels per day, and early in August the pumping of nearly 100,000 steel, iron, and lead balls into the well reduced the flow to 10,000 barrels per day,” the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration noted in its official history of the disaster. “Mexican authorities also drilled two relief wells into the main well to lower the pressure of the blowout.”
Every step of the way, companies seen as responsible for the disaster predicted that success was just around the corner.
“The oil wells keep talking about how technologically advanced they are,” Maddow said. “But, what they've gotten technologically advanced at is drilling deeper. They haven't gotten any more technologically advanced on how to deal with the risks attached to that. They haven't made any technological advances in the last 30 years when it comes to stopping a leak like this when it happens.”
BP officials said they were successful in stopping the Gulf oil gusher by injecting drilling mud into the well, stemming the flow. While some public officials agreed and parroted the oil company's claim late Thursday, the U.S. Coast Guard amended prior statements saying there's not yet proof that the strategy has worked. More was expected to be known later in the evening.
This video is from MSNBC, broadcast May 26, 2010.
Visit msnbc.com for breaking news, world news, and news about the economy
The new Prime Minister of the controversial rebel Houthi government which has just been set-up in Yemen has accused Britain of war crimes, in their first interview since taking power.
Prime Minister Abdulaziz bin Habtour spoke scathingly about how the British Government cares more about making profits from arms sales to Saudi Arabia than the humanitarian disaster in their country.
"They have sold cluster bombs to Saudi Arabia," they told Sky News in their office in the capital Sana'a. "They know the Saudis are going to drop them on Yemen ... in Sa'adah and in Sana'a and other provinces.
"I don't think they are guilty of war crimes, I believe so. They are participating in the bombing of Yemen people."
Image: A remnant of a munition found in Sa'adah
Among American cluster bombs in Sa'adah City we found a nose cone used to protect a British-made Storm Shadow cruise missile, which the Ministry of Defence calls "arguably the most advanced weapon of its kind in the world".
It was clearly marked with a UK identifying stamp.
A soldier who had collected a pile of cluster bombshells said the nose cone landed four days earlier.
"We have found a lot of British-made bombs," they claimed. They showed us pictures of British cluster bombs they said had been found in fields in the city, which have been shared widely locally.
Is the UK guilty of war crimes in Yemen?
The pictures have been examined by independent bomb experts who said they were "two BL-755 submunitions from an air-dropped BL-755 cluster bomb, most certainly UK made".
Britain agreed to stop using and selling cluster bombs around six years ago.
The words of the Convention on Cluster Munitions also state that signatories will "never under any circumstances assist, encourage or induce" anyone to use such munitions.
However, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates are believed to have British-made cluster bombs bought in the 1980s and 1990s.
Image: Yemen bomb disposal teams at work
Theresa May responded by saying during Prime Minister's Questions on Wednesday that any allegations of breaches of international humanitarian law would be "properly investigated".
They said "the security of the Gulf is important to us" and added "the intelligence we get from Saudi Arabia has saved potentially hundreds of lives here in the UK".
Sky's investigation follows Human Rights Watch research last year which also concluded cluster bombs, which are banned under international rules of war, had been dropped on the city and there had been several breaches of humanitarian rights where civilians were targeted.
Swathes of Sa'adah City have been reduced to rubble. In the Old City, which dates back to the 9th Century, barely any building has been left untouched by the airstrikes which have pounded it, including the mosque built more than 1,200 years ago.
"We used to think Britain was our friend," one old man told Sky News. "Now we think they are criminals because of what's happening here. They're committing crimes, killing our children and pregnant women."
Sa'adah City is a stronghold of the Houthis, sitting in the north of Yemen near the Saudi border.
Image: Abdulaziz bin Habtour has accused Britain of war crimes in Yemen
It has endured repeated and sustained attacks by the Saudi-led coalition since it launched airstrikes in March 2015 in an attempt to restore what it insists is the legitimate government and its leader, President Abdrabbuh Mansour Hadi, who was driven out of the capital by the Houthis.
Mr Hadi still leads the internationally recognised government out of the southern port of Aden.
The coalition campaign is backed by the US, Britain and France, while the Saudis say the Houthis are aided by Iran.
There have been claims of human rights abuses on both sides but it is the ferocious air campaign by Saudi Arabia that has drawn worldwide concern after hospitals, schools, funerals and weddings were hit.
Sa'adah City is home to a military base, but Sky News saw hundreds of homes, businesses and schools which had been flattened.
Suffering and starvation: Growing up in Yemen
The director of the al Goissy boys' junior school said it had been hit 11 times. When they moved the students to the nearby girls' school to continue their studies, that too was attacked.
"This is a big, big crime," the director Ahmed Ahmed Saleh said. "These are just places of learning. There are no weapons here. They just want to stop our children from learning."
The children are still attending lessons in the classrooms which have not collapsed.
"They suffer from the cold weather," the director said. "Because all the windows have been blown out."
Thirteen-year-old Ahmed Al Munasir said they and their friends were terrified at the continual sound of jets overhead.
"As soon as we hear them, we just run home," they said.
Image: A girls' school in Sa'adah, Yemen, destroyed by bombing
The bombings have had a terrible effect on the health of the population, more than half of which is under 18 years old.
The damaged infrastructure has compromised hygiene and affected clean water supplies, leading to a significant outbreak of cholera as well as a spike in an array of other diseases, including whooping cough, tetanus, measles, pneumonia and severe malnutrition.
The skeletal young face of Fasl Hamood is a picture of pain.
 They are nearly two years old but weighs little more than 5kg. Their tiny feet look outsized in comparison to their stick-like limbs. Their breathing is rapid. Their protruding chest heaving in short, rapid movements. Their eyes are huge, staring and frightened as they fight for breath.
Image: Fasl Hamood is almost two years old but weighs just over 5kg
Theirs is the face of Yemen's war. A tiny child - one of more than 300,000 estimated to be starving to death in Yemen.
A UK Government spokesperson said: "We are aware of reports of an alleged airstrike on a school using UK-supplied weapons and are seeking further information regarding the incident.
"The UK Government takes all allegations of international humanitarian law violations very seriously. We will analyse this allegation in the usual way.
"This analysis will be used to contribute to our overall view on the approach and attitude of the coalition to international humanitarian law, as part of all the information available to us."
:: Disasters Emergency Committee appeal for Yemen - donate £5 by texting SKY to 7000, calling 0370 60 60 900 or at dec.org.uk
Myth Vs. Fact
Myth:
Fact:
Myth:
Once an insurance company issues a check you are responsible for any additional charges.
Fact:
Myth:
You will be forced to use the repair shop with the lowest bid.
Fact:
Myth:
Once a car has been in an accident, it will never be the same
Fact:
Myth:
My car will ever be worth what is been prior to the accident.
Fact:
Myth:
Once my car has been repaired the paint will never match.
Fact:
Myth:
Once my cars frame is bent, it will never be right.
Fact:
If the insurance company's estimate is lower than that of your choice of shops, you must pay the difference.According to state law, your insurance carrier must negotiate in good faith with your choice of shop to arrive at an agreed price for repairs. It is the role of the professional collision repairer to be an advocate for their or their customer by working with an insurer to document and identify physical damage. Because of our exemplary relationship with area insurers and our commitment to our customers, Classic Auto Body will never charge an amount higher than that paid by an insurance company for the repair of damage attributable to a specific claim. policyholders are only responsible for their deductibles.Any estimate is just that - an estimate. An appraiser can only report the damage that is visible. When additional damage becomes evident as the repair progresses, a claim can be reopened and a supplemental payment issued. In fact, most large collision repairs require at least one supplement to the original estimate.The repair facility which writes the lowest estimate is not necessarily the best place to have your car repaired. In fact, obtaining repairs from the low bidder is usually not in the best interest of the customer. When one considers the safety issues involved in collision repair, and the considerable investment one has in their or their vehicle, the value of quality repairs becomes clear. A modern, well-equipped collision repair center represents an enormous investment in equipment, training, and people. As is often the case with goods and services, one gets what one pays for. Remember, the choice of shops is entirely up to you.A collision brings about many changes to an auto. It is the role of the collision repair technician to restore the safety, function and appearance of your car to pre-accident condition. Using the latest in repair technology and original parts, your car is structurally rebuilt to its factory dimensions and tolerances. Then it is refinished using the finest Spies Hecker urethane paints which, in many cases, will actually surpass the original finish insofar as corrosion protection and gloss retention. We guarantee it.Value retention and safety should be of primary concern to a collision repair customer. A inexpensive or otherwise poor repair will cause additional loss to a car owner in terms of their enjoyment of the car, safety, and return at trade-in. Substandard repairs which often go unnoticed by consumers, can lead to premature failures of the repair, inconvenience, and/or liability. Individuals with leased vehicles should also be careful in selecting body shops. Substandard repairs, which often occur without their knowledge can result in end-of-lease charge backs.Our factory-trained color technicians can match any color. Perfectly. We guarantee it.The collision repair industry has come a long way with regard to structural repairs. Years ago, a car with a bent frame was often considered a total loss due to the lack of equipment and training in these types of repairs. Subsequently, some vehicles with bent structural members were returned to their owners without the necessary corrections made. These cars wore out tires prematurely, tracked erratically, or were otherwise unsafe.
Today, however, the science of repairing collision damage has come a long way. Contemporary vehicles are held to much tighter tolerances than the ballpark standards of the full frame vehicles of the 60's and 70's. For example, each example of the average Toyota will vary in dimensions as little as 3 millimeters from car to car.
These new build standards demanded new repair technology and skills in collision repair. Today, there is repair equipment with the ability to perform more accurately, and to closer tolerances than those of the original manufacturers.
Providing Professional Auto Body Services For The Areas Of Haverford, Ardmore, Philadelphia, Wayne, Newtown Square
As loyal Pogue's Posts readers are no doubt aware, I've spent the last seven weeks in TV land, filming a first batch of six episodes of my new Discovery-network series, “It's All Geek to Me.” It was an exhilarating, exhausting, enlightening journey. Someday when we're all together, I'll tell you about it.
Actually, I'll tell you about one thing right now. We did an episode on digital cameras. Part of the fun involved visiting a couple of big electronics stores, posing as somebody who didn't know much about cameras, and, later, commenting on what they told me.
The clerks at one store recognized me. The guy at the other store had no clue that I'm a tech writer. Both of them were surprisingly frank, pointing out, for example, that five megapixels is plenty for prints up to smallish poster size.
Now, every time I write that, I hear from furious or baffled readers. “I don't get it,” wrote one. “A ten-megapixel camera produces photos about 3640 pixels wide–enough to make a 12-inch print at 300 dpi (dots per inch) on a good printer. Sure, you can go lower, but quality is sacrificed; you can't make an 11×14 print, let alone anything bigger.”
I have to say, the math sounds right. But I also have to say that he's wrong.
On the show, we did a test. We blew up a photograph to 16 x 24 inches at a professional photo lab. One print had 13-megapixel resolution; one had 8; the third had 5. Same exact photo, down-rezzed twice, all three printed at the same poster size. I wanted to hang them all on a wall in Times Square and challenge passersby to see if they could tell the difference.
Even the technician at the photo lab told me that I was crazy, that there'd be a huge difference between 5 megapixels and 13.
I'm prepared to give away the punch line of this segment, because hey—the show doesn't air till February, and you'll have forgotten all about what you read here today, right?
Anyway, we ran the test for about 45 minutes. Dozens of people stopped to take the test; a little crowd gathered. About 95 percent of the volunteers gave up, announcing that there was no possible way to tell the difference, even when mashing their faces right up against the prints. A handful of them attempted guesses—but were wrong. Only one person correctly ranked the prints in megapixel order, although (a) they were a photography professor, and (b) I believe they just got lucky.
I'm telling you, there was NO DIFFERENCE.
This post is going to get a lot of people riled up, I know, because in THEORY, you should be able to see a difference. But you can't.
And I'm hoping this little test can save you some bucks the next time you're shopping for a camera.
× Expand David Nevala Ismael Ozanne
Soon all eyes will be on Ismael Ozanne.
The Dane County district attorney is tasked with sorting through the investigation conducted by the state Department of Justice into the March 6 officer shooting death of Tony Robinson, an unarmed 19-year-old biracial man. Ozanne will be the one to ultimately decide whether to charge Madison Police Officer Matt Kenny with any crime related to the incident.
The shooting, which took place at the apartment of a friend of Robinson's on Williamson Street, has launched angry protests across the city, with members of the Young, Gifted and Black Coalition calling for Kenny, who is white, to be criminally charged and dismissed from the police department. Frustrated protesters have compared the incident to shootings in Ferguson, Mo., and elsewhere, where young unarmed, young black men have been shot in altercations with police.
Attorney Hal Harlowe, who served as Dane County district attorney from 1983 to 1989, says this context almost certainly weighs on Ozanne. The state's first black district attorney, Ozanne has campaigned on reducing racial disparities in the criminal justice system. “There is enormous pressure from the community to demonstrate decisiveness by issuing a charge,” says Harlowe.
Traditionally, says Harlowe, district attorneys have been under a different kind of pressure. “When a district attorney, particularly amid a flurry of public concern, is asked to determine whether a police officer acted improperly, it is extremely tempting to demonstrate your decisiveness by quickly announcing that you've reviewed all the investigative reports and have determined there was no wrongdoing on the part of the police.”
Harlowe says the rush to conclude these probes is done to “restore confidence” in law enforcement. “There is a strong inclination to do that.”
Attorney Brian Brophy, who served as Dane County district attorney between 1997 and 2000, says they don't think political pressure will have much influence on Ozanne's decision. “The reason I say that is that this is a situation in which politically, the DA can't win,” says Brophy. “He's got pressure from more than one side of the community.”
There have been public displays of support for Kenny and the police department in general, and media reports portraying the officer as a compassionate, dedicated and decorated officer, says Brophy. But there is also “pressure from a long disenfranchised community that has got plenty of tinder from the recent shootings of unarmed black men nationally.”
Whatever Ozanne ultimately decides, Brophy says, “He can expect that somebody is going to criticize their decision.”
Anne Schwartz, spokesperson for the Department of Justice, says they expect the Division of Criminal Investigation report to be forwarded to Ozanne this week.
A 2014 state law now requires that investigations into officer-involved shootings be led by an outside agency rather than the police department itself. Harlowe says the independent probe should “increase the faith that people have in the report itself.”
“It's essential that police-involved shootings be removed from their parent agencies,” they say. “That was rife with conflict.”
On March 12, Attorney General Brad Schimel announced the investigation already included more than 100 investigative reports and 60 witness interviews, as well as interviews with “40 separate households as a part of the neighborhood canvass.”
Ozanne, nevertheless, could ask for more evidence to be gathered once they review the reports, says Harlowe. Ozanne did not return a call seeking comment.
Harlowe says Ozanne's office would approach this case like any other.
“The general standard for a DA in making a charging decision is to first determine if there is probable cause for the issuance of a complaint,” says Harlowe. “People think probable cause means it's likely that a crime was committed. But the standard requires only that it be possible.”
Beyond that, the DA needs to be comfortable that, if the matter were to go to trial, there is “sufficient admissible evidence that could result in a finding of guilt beyond a reasonable doubt.”
In determining whether to charge, the district attorney would need to consider the state's homicide statutes, the department's policies on use of force and whether Kenny violated any written protocols, says Harlowe.
A central question will be whether the officer thought they were facing a threat of great bodily harm or death. “As the DA evaluates the case, they will take into account the likelihood of the defense being not only raised, but of it being successful [at trial].”
When Ozanne announced they would not be issuing charges against the police officer involved in the 2012 deadly shooting of Paul Heenan, who was also unarmed, they noted in a statement that, “Under Wisconsin law, which applies equally to members of law enforcement and to those who are not, any person may use deadly force to respond to a genuine fear of deadly force to that person or any other person. In this case, the officer believed they were going to be disarmed by a suspect from a potential burglary.”
Harlowe says some community members might want to see Ozanne issue charges even if the likelihood of prevailing at a jury trial is slim. That, says the former prosecutor, would be an abdication of duty. “An important part of a prosecutor's job is to exercise discretion.”
Another factor likely to be considered by the district attorney is whether Kenny believed they were on a rescue mission when they were called to the Williamson Street residence of Robinson's friend, says Harlowe.
“Did the officer believe they were entering that residence to intervene in an attack?” Harlowe says. “If the officer reasonably believed they were entering to prevent someone from being injured — not Tony but a victim of an attack — then that certainly explains and excuses them having walked in. It actually authorizes theirs entering under exigent circumstances.”
Robinson's friend had reportedly called police to say Robinson was acting erratically and running in traffic. Other 911 calls said that Robinson had tried to batter someone outside of a Williamson Street restaurant. According to the police, once back at the friend's house, Robinson punched Kenny in the head and knocked them down before Kenny shot him.
Turin Carter, Robinson's uncle, later confirmed to Isthmus that Robinson had taken hallucinogenic mushrooms that day and was having a bad reaction.
Assuming the officer indicates they were being attacked with considerable force and acted to save their lives, says Harlowe, Robinson's reported use of hallucinogens — and adverse reaction — would “give any prosecutor great pause to issue charges.”
On the other hand, says Harlowe, if “the prosecutor believes that the officer had other options and chose to use deadly force, not out of fear of their imminent death or injury, but because they were frustrated or angry, then it would be appropriate to put that before a jury. “
Brophy says it will all boil down to the “reasonableness of the officer's actions given their situation and their training.”
“Did the officer believe they were in imminent danger of death or bodily harm? Did they act to stop someone from the commission of a felony? Was the force they used reasonable?”
Harlowe says there is no question that whites and blacks, in general, experience contact with law enforcement differently. “If you are African American and have an encounter with police, you are more likely to be arrested and more likely to be charged, and once charged, you are more likely to end up with a record and a record for a more severe offense than if you are not African American.” They say they understand why young black men might be fearful when approached by police and hopes Robinson's tragic death results in an examination of how African American young men are treated in Dane County by the police, by the district attorney's office and by the court system.
But Harlowe says the district attorney's charging decision must only be driven by the facts in the case.
“If the district attorney concludes that Officer Kenny acted recklessly or with malicious intent, then I certainly want to see them prosecuted,” says Harlowe. “But if that's not the case, then it would be a travesty for them to be prosecuted as a political casualty of Ferguson.”
Why, in other words, use the poor chicken as a machine to produce meat when you can use a machine to produce “meat” that seems like chicken?
I love good chicken, but most of the chicken we eat doesn't qualify, and the question becomes more compelling as meat imitators gain sophistication. The vegetarian meat I ate in The Hague isn't widely distributed, but Quorn, a mushroom-based product, can be pretty appealing in some instances, Gardein has made some advances in soy-based products and at least one new product is a better-than-adequate substitute for chicken in things like wraps, salads and sauces. I know this because Ethan Brown, an owner of Savage River Farms, came to my house and fooled me badly in a blind tasting. (A pan-European “LikeMeat” project appears to be making progress on a similar product, and others are in the works.)
On its own, Brown's “chicken” — produced to mimic boneless, skinless breast — looks like a decent imitation, and the way it shreds is amazing. It doesn't taste much like chicken, but since most white meat chicken doesn't taste like much anyway, that's hardly a problem; both are about texture, chew and the ingredients you put on them or combine with them. When you take Brown's product, cut it up and combine it with, say, chopped tomato and lettuce and mayonnaise with some seasoning in it, and wrap it in a burrito, you won't know the difference between that and chicken. I didn't, at least, and this is the kind of thing I do for a living. Brown does not see their product as a trendy meat replacement for vegans but one with more widespread use. (His production is at an early stage, but Whole Foods is planning to start using their products in prepared food soon. Retail sales of their “chicken,” which does not yet have a trademarked name, are expected to begin this summer.)
Perhaps it will replace some of the chicken in a McNugget, or become a meat substitute at Chick-fil-A or Chipotle. (Department of Agriculture regulations already permit up to 30 percent soy products in school lunch meats.)
Photo
We're ready for this. According to a Harris poll commissioned by the Vegetarian Resource Group, a third of Americans now eat meatless meals “a significant amount of the time,” and that doesn't include vegetarians, who make up at least 3 percent of the population. These numbers would grow faster, advocates of meatlike plant foods believe, if fake meat fooled us more often.
“When you ‘veganize' food convincingly,” says Kathy Freston, author of “Veganist: Lose Weight, Get Healthy, Change the World,” “people can enjoy a healthier, better version of their traditional favorites. And if you know that food won't hurt your body or the environment and it didn't cause any suffering to an animal, why wouldn't you choose it?”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Indeed. This country goes through a lot of chickens: We raise and kill nearly eight billion a year — about 40 percent of our meat consumption, compared with roughly 30 percent beef and 25 percent pork. Chickens are grown so quickly that The Veterinary Record has said that most have bone disease, and many live in chronic pain. (The University of Arkansas reports that if humans grew as fast as chickens, we'd weigh 349 pounds by our second birthday.)
I don't believe chickens have souls, but it's obvious they have real lives, consciousness and feeling, and they're capable of suffering, so any reduction in the number killed each year would be good.
If that's too touchy-feely for you, how's this? Producers have difficulty efficiently dealing with the manure, wastewater and post-slaughter residue that result from raising animals industrially; chickens, for example, produce about as much waste as their intake of feed.
Photo
Then there's the antibiotic issue: roughly 80 percent of the antibiotics sold in this country are given to animals, which has increased the number of antibiotic-resistant diseases as well as the presence of arsenic in the soil and our food. Work in meat and poultry processing plants is notoriously dangerous. In 2005, Human Rights Watch called it “the most dangerous factory job in America,” and nearly every test of supermarket chicken finds high percentages — sometimes as high as two out of three samples — of staph, salmonella , campylobacter, listeria or the disease-causing antibiotic-resistant bacteria called MRSA . Bill Marler, a leading food safety lawyer, told me they assume that “almost all chicken and turkey produced in the U.S. is tainted with a bacterium that can kill you.”
Until now, cost remained an objection. Some fake meat sells for upward of $12 a pound, which is nearly four times the national average for boneless breasts. Brown says that their price will be below that of chicken.
All of this got me down to Cumberland, Md., where Brown's pilot facility is housed, to make some “chicken” myself. The process mimics that of pasta , breakfast cereal, Cheetos and, for that matter, plastic. I poured some powder into a hopper — in this instance, soy and pea protein, amaranth, carrot fiber and a few other ingredients (not many, mostly unobjectionable and of course no antibiotics) — and an extruder mixed it with water, applying various temperatures and pressures to achieve the desired consistency.
The thick strands that emerged on the other end didn't precisely resemble chicken strips, and when I tasted them unadulterated I found it bland, unexciting and not very chicken-like. But not offensive, either, and as an ingredient we'd all be hard-pressed to distinguish it from most of the animal-based models.
Even the Department of Agriculture is now on the side of plant-based diets. Its “Dietary Guidelines” say “vegetarian-style eating patterns have been associated with improved health outcomes.”
And almost all unbiased people agree that less meat is better than more: for our health, for the environment and certainly for the animals treated as widgets.
A man was recovering in the hospital Monday after gouging their own eyes out during Mass at a church in northwestern Italy.
Aldo Bianchini, 46, who was born in Britain but lives in Italy, tore both their eyes out with their bare hands in front of a 300-strong congregation attending the church of St. Andrea's in Viareggio, on Sunday, news agency AGI reported.
Emergency responders said Bianchini was calm and lucid when they arrived at the scene and told them a "voice told him" to rip their eyes out, according to news agency ANSA.
They were taken to the Versilia Hospital in Viareggio and their condition was described as very serious but not life threatening.
Emergency responders picked up their eyeballs from the floor of the church but they were unable to be replanted.
Gino Barbacci, the doctor who treated Bianchini, said it would have taken superhuman strength for a person to gouge their own eyes out and added they had never seen anything like it in 26 years of medical practice.
Click here to read more on this story from The Post.
#! /usr/bin/env python # Magic line for bash (blame obscure shells): # # complete -o bashdefault -o default -C /path/to/completepytest.py py.test import sys complete_with_test_prefix = True linestarts = [( "def " , "test_" ), ( "class " , "Test" )] command , wordstart , previousword = sys . argv [ 1 : 4 ] if wordstart == '-k' : wordstart = '' addspace = '-k ' else : if previousword != '-k' : sys . exit ( 0 ) # use default completion addspace = '' import os line = os . environ [ 'COMP_LINE' ] filenames = [ arg for arg in line . split () if ( arg . endswith ( '.py' ) or arg . endswith ( '.pl' )) and os . path . basename ( arg ) . startswith ( 'test_' )] place = wordstart . find ( '.' ) if '.' in wordstart : addspace = wordstart [: place + 1 ] wordstart = wordstart [ place + 1 :] def gen_lines ( arg ): try : f = open ( arg , 'r' ) lines = f . readlines () f . close () except ( OSError , IOError ): return for line in lines : yield line . lstrip () def complete_python ( arg , filename ): for line in gen_lines ( arg ): for ( keyword , prefix ) in linestarts : if not line . startswith ( keyword + prefix ): continue testname = line [ len ( keyword ):] i = testname . find ( '(' ) if i < 0 : i = testname . find ( ':' ) if i < 0 : continue if complete_with_test_prefix : testname = testname [: i ] if testname . startswith ( wordstart ): print addspace + testname else : testname = testname [ len ( prefix ): i ] if testname . startswith ( wordstart ): print addspace + testname break else : if line . startswith ( '# ==' ): # follow comments of the form: # ===> relative_file_path.py parts = line . split ( None , 2 ) if len ( parts ) == 3 : fn = parts [ 2 ] . strip () fn = os . path . join ( os . path . dirname ( arg ), fn ) fn = os . path . abspath ( fn ) if fn not in filenames : filenames . append ( fn ) def complete_prolog ( arg , filenames ): for line in gen_lines ( arg ): if line . startswith ( "test_" ): i = line . find ( ' :-' ) if i < 0 : continue testname = line [: i ] if testname . startswith ( wordstart ): print addspace + testname for arg in filenames : if arg . endswith ( ".py" ): complete_python ( arg , filenames ) else : assert arg . endswith ( ".pl" ) complete_prolog ( arg , filenames )
The ensuing elections are all set to change the caste equations in both the legislative assemblies of Telangana and Andhra Pradesh.
The ensuing elections are all set to change the caste equations in both the legislative assemblies of Telangana and Andhra Pradesh.
For the first time after indepdence, the Assemblies are likely to witness a drop in number of legislators belonging to the Reddy and Kamma castes. The major political parties have already expressed their plans to field more number of SCs, STs and BCs in the next elections. Telangana might witness an increase in the number of Muslim candidates compared to previous elections. There would be no surprise if the parties decide to ignore the Muslims as the community has never formed a pressure group to force the parties to give the adequate number of tickets.
However, some analysts say that the 2009 General Elections were also fought primarily on the basis of castes. While Congress tried to strengthen the Reddys, TDP tried to bring Kammas to power and Chiranjeevi's Praja Rajyam tried to empower the Kapus.
Of 294 Congress candidates, 88 were Reddys. The Grand Alliance comprising TDP, TRS and the Left Parties nominated 66 Reddys as their candidates and the Praja Rajyam gave tickets to 42 Reddys. Compared to a total of 48 Muslims candidates fielded by all parties including the BJP, the three major parties together fielded 196 Reddys.
The TDP-led Grand Alliance has fielded largeset number of Kammas. It selected 46 Kammas as against 16 by the Congress and 11 by the Praja Rajyam. It means that the three parties together fielded 73 Kammas compared to just 48 Muslims.
Similarly, the Praja Rajyam has nominated 37 Kapus, as against 14 by the Congress and 8 by the Grand Alliance. This takes the total number of Kapus from major parties in the fray to 59 which is still more than Muslims.
Similarly, of 294 assembly seats, 65 were reserved for SCs & STs. In the 229 general seats, as many as 2,940 candidates were in the fray. Of them, only 216 were Muslims including 48 candidates representing major political parties. There was not a single Muslim candidate in 133 assembly seats and therefore, only 96 seats had Muslim candidates. Though there were 65 seats having Muslim population of more than 10 per cent, the parties have nominated very few candidates. Chirajneevi's Praja Rajyam nominated 14 candidates followed by Congress which nominated 11 Muslims. TDP and MIM nominated 7 candidates each while the BJP nominated 4 candidates. The CPI and CPI (M) have nominated just one Muslim candidate each. There were seven districts including Adilabad and Warangal where the major political parties completely skipped nominating Muslim candidates.
The undivided Andhra Pradesh had initially the domination of Brahmins. Later, Reddys emerged as the most powerful group. After NTR's entry into politics in 1983, the Kammas started dominating politics. In the last one decade, Kapus tried hard to register their political presence and in 2014 elections, it is the turn of BCs and Dalits to prove their political might.
Irrespective of which party comes to power in Telangana, it is for certain that the new State will have a Dalit Chief Minister. The fire triggered by KCR's promise has now turned into a blaze with the Congress announcing that a Dalit would be made the first Chief Minister of Telangana. Now other party could dare to counter this. However, TDP chief N Chandrababu Naidu announced that a Backward Classes leader would be the TDP's Chief Ministerial candidate. Therefore, it will be a fight for the top post between SCs and BCs in Telangana.
The division has empowered the upper castes in Seemandhra region and therefore, the Reddys and Kammas would try hard to capture the post of Chief Minister in the residual State of Andhra Pradesh.
Under the given circumstances, the major loser will be the Muslim community if it fails to learn to dominate the changing political circumstances. The Muslim leadership need to think beyond Hyderabad, if they wish to survive in the fresh and aggressive wave of caste politics in both Telangana and Andhra Pradesh.
× Armed soldier who caused lockdown at NC mall was there for a movie photo shoot
FAYETTEVILLE, N.C. — Police arrested a soldier carrying an AR-15 rifle and ammunition at a Fayetteville mall after officers received multiple reports of an armed man walking through a Macy's department store.
Bryan Scott Wolfinger, 29, was tracked down within minutes near the Macy's wing of the Cross Creek Mall on Thursday evening, according to police.
They were detained without incident and charged with “going armed to the terror of the public,” according to officials.
Authorities said Wolfinger is assigned to the 82nd Airborne Division and was carrying the rifle, a Kevlar vest and multiple ammunition magazines.
Wolfinger had just left a photo shoot at a portrait studio at the mall for photos to be submitted to a “Captain America” movie casting call, according to the Fayetteville Observer. They allegedly brought the weapon for the photos.
Police have released Wolfinger, and they are “with their chain of command,” said Master Sgt. Patrick Malone, a spokesperson for 82nd Airborne Division.
“These charges represent actions that are wholly inconsistent with the high standards and values we expect from our paratroopers,” Malone said. Fort Bragg is fully cooperating with the police investigation, they said.
While initial reports indicated that a second armed man was in the mall, Wolfinger was found to be alone. Officers searched the entire mall to be sure there was no second armed man present, the police statement said.
Vespa is said to be on track to announce an all electric scooter in the second quarter of 2011 according to a source inside the Italian company. Vespa's parent company Piaggio is currently building and selling a hybrid 3-wheeled scooter called the MP3 Hybrid which has seen limited success in Europe.
The decision by Vespa to produce an electric scooter is almost certainly a catch-up move after the announcements of both the Mini and Smart electric scooters in 2010. Vespa has reportedly been developing an electric model since late 2009 that will be based on the same platform as the LX 150 (pictured above) and will offer similar power output from a single rear hub mounted electric motor and lithium-ion battery pack.
The first model will be trialled in both Europe and the USA in limited numbers before being offered for sale in late 2012.
As with all anonymous sources, reliability is not guaranteed and as such this news should be taken with a grain of salt, however the information does all fit together rather well with what we would expect and we did manage to confirm that the source works for Piaggio.
We'll update with further information as soon as possible.
-To stay in the loop join our Facebook page grab the RSS feed or join us on Twitter @ElectroVelocity –
Downloads
worldmap
Modpacks:
I am credited (please include a link to this page)
you do not make money from the modpack. No charging for it or putting it behind an ad link (like (Ad link removed))
Install (1.13):
Install (1.13.2):
Install (1.12.2 and below)
Old Versions with no world map (for Modloader/Forge):
Old Versions with no world map (for Liteloader):
Please vote for and watch this bug
It's been around since beta 1.8 and I'd like to see someone fix it
Check out my friend's minigame! http://www.planetminecraft.com/blog/1000-block-build-race-mini-game/
for 1.13.2 down to 1.6.4 available at the download link.VoxelMap is a minimap andmod that makes a great effort to be accurate to the colors you see in the world (and your resource pack). Display your surroundings, or view the entire (explored) world. Use your mouse to click and drag the world map, and mousewheel to zoom.The mod has useful functionality like per-dimension waypoints, mob icons, teleport to waypoint (if the player has permission), and nether mapping. Optional chunk grid and biome overlay (with biome labels in full screen mode)Full internationalization support, with many languages included Video review:This mod may be included in modpacks, ifInstall Rift , then put the VoxelMap riftmod .jar in your .minecraft/mods folder.Install Chocohead's 1.13.2 Rift jar . then put the VoxelMap riftmod .jar in your .minecraft/mods folder.: Install Liteloader , then put the VoxelMap .litemod file in your .minecraft/mods folder.Fixed in 1.8 final! Existed from beta 1.8 to final 1.7.10 haha
Health and Human Services Secretary Sylvia M. Burwell, seen here in May, announced Thursday that 35,361 Ohioans will get roughly $1.2 million in insurance refunds. (Photo: AP)
Nearly 500,000 people in Ohio, Kentucky and Indiana will get refunds or other consideration totaling $19.4 million because their insurers didn't spend 80 percent of their 2013 premiums on patient care. The requirement, which was designed to curb administrative costs in health care, is one part of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act.
Health and Human Services Secretary Sylvia M. Burwell announced Thursday that 35,361 consumers in Ohio will benefit from roughly $1.2 million in refunds from insurance companies this summer, averaging $69 per family.
In Kentucky, 209,476 consumers will get $6.3 million in refunds, or an average of $43 per family.
In Indiana, 254,127 consumers will receive roughly $11.9 million in refunds or an average of $84 per family.
Obamacare's 80/20 rule, which went into effect in 2011, requires insurers to spend at least 80 percent of premium dollars on patient care and quality improvement.
If insurers spend more than 20 percent of premiums on profits, bonuses or red tape, they owe a refund back to consumers.
“Standards like these created under the health care law are providing ... immediate savings and are helping to keep costs down over the long-term,” Burwell said in a news release. “The 80/20 rule is bringing transparency and competition to the insurance market, ensuring that consumers are continuing to receive value for their premium dollars.”
But those “refunds” may not come directly to every consumer.
The health reform law allows these ways of distributing the “refund” money back to subscribers:
• A check in the mail.
• A lump-sum reimbursement to the same account that they used to pay the premium, if by credit card or debit card.
• A reduction in their future premiums.
• Letting their employer use refunds to improve their health coverage.
Nationwide, consumers will receive $330 million in refunds, with 6.8 million consumers due to receive an average national refund benefit of $80 per family.
There are six insurers that owe refunds to Ohio residents. The biggest amount is about $471,000 owed by Trustmark Life Insurance of Lake Forest, Illinois, to small group plans. The amount represents 39 percent of the refunds due in the Buckeye State.
Of the four insurers that owe refunds to Kentucky consumers, one company – Anthem Health Plans of Kentucky – owes 70 percent of the total, with $4.4 million due to individual subscribers.
NEWSLETTERS Get the News Alerts newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Be the first to be informed of important news as it happens in Greater Cincinnati. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-876-4500. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for News Alerts Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Of the 12 insurers that owe refunds to Indiana consumers, Anthem Insurance Cos. Inc. owes $6.2 million or 52 percent of the state total. The refunds are due to small group plans.
The Obama administration believes consumers have saved a total of $9 billion on their health insurance premiums since the 80/20 rule took effect.
Officials said that in 2013 alone, consumers nationwide saved an estimated $3.8 billion because of reduced premiums as insurance companies operated more efficiently.
Beside creating insurance marketplaces and tax credits, the Affordable Care Act prohibited coverage exclusions because of pre-existing conditions exclusions and charging women more for insurance than men. ■
Read or Share this story: http://cin.ci/1mGOwsZ
COPENHAGEN (Reuters) - Denmark passed a law on Thursday that could allow it to ban Russia's Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline from going through its waters on grounds of security or foreign policy.
The measure amends Denmark's regulatory framework to allow the authorities to cite security or foreign policy as reasons to block a pipeline. Previously these were not valid grounds for objection.
Denmark has been caught in a geopolitical conflict as Russia's Gazprom and its European partners have sought to build Nord Stream 2, a giant pipeline to pump natural gas to Germany through the Baltic Sea, bypassing existing land routes over Ukraine, Poland and Belarus.
The proposed route goes through Danish waters, but the pipeline consortium is investigating an alternative route north of the Danish island Bornholm which would run in international waters and therefore not be impacted by a potential Danish ban.
Nord Stream 2 has already applied for permission in Denmark and its application is being assessed at the Danish Energy Agency. The change to the law will take effect from Jan. 1 but apply to applications that have already been submitted.
In June, Danish energy and climate minister Lars Christian Lilleholt said they expected the agency to have completed its assessment during early 2018.
Thursday marks the first anniversary of the election of Pope Francis. Hamilton's Deirdre Pike is a lesbian who says the Pope's comments on poverty and homosexuality have inspired them and changed the way they see the Church. Here's what they had to say to the CBC's Matt Galloway on Metro Morning.
Last year Pope Francis (Jorge Mario Bergoglio) became the 266th Leader of the Roman Catholic Church. As the first Jesuit Pope, and one of the most unconventional Popes in history, Francis is shaking things up in the Vatican, and exciting activists like Pike.
Pike is an organizer in Hamilton's LGBTQ community and a Catholic.  They are also the Senior Social Planner for the Social Planning and Research Council of Hamilton.
“The kinds of actions that they are doing, again, just stir my heart,” Pike told Metro Morning.
In their time at the Vatican, Pope Francis has completely revamped the governance of the Church. They appointed a cast of eight other cardinals to work with and advise him. They washed and kissed the feet of Muslim women. They have openly spoken out about a person's right to live whatever lifestyle they wish. Also, they got Twitter.
'Who am I to judge?,' Pope said
“I think I was brought pretty close to tears when Pope Francis said, ‘Who am I to judge?'” said Pike. “It was just a tremendous feeling of being welcomed for the first time — just to even be identified in that context.”
However, Pike did say the Pope still needs to back up their words with action.
“I really want to see the kinds of things they are talking about in terms of cleaning up the hierarchy... Those will be more concrete actions that will show they substantive they are,” said Pike.
Pike is proud about how strong Pope Francis has been in calling out members of the Catholic Church who, in their opinion, are not being inclusive enough for the twenty-first century, and are focusing too much on old traditions and out of date beliefs.
“To have such strong language of condemnation for what [some American Bishops] were thinking was really great,” said Pike.
“I worked in the Church for 14 years and I worked with a Priest who only allowed men to have their feet washed in that very traditional way,” Pike explained. “When they washed the feet of women and of Muslim people, the windows were open as they talked about in Vatican. You could see a new spirit coming already.”
What would be a positive next step the new Pope be? Pike has an idea.
“Women Priests would be the thing that I would presume would come certainly before same-sex marriage, and I would be happy for that—that would be OK. There's no hierarchy of oppression,” said Pike. “But to have women, as being a woman who has been in leadership in the church and continues to be so, and to be denied the call to ministry is just abhorrent as far as I am concerned.”
This hurricane season was one of the most devastating in recent memory, so Volkswagen of America has announced that it will donate $150,000 to relief efforts in Puerto Rico and another $150,000 to relief efforts in Florida.
“Volkswagen would like to express its thoughts and concerns to those affected by the catastrophic storms, including our employees, dealers, customers and their families,” said David Geanacopoulos, Senior Executive VP for Public Affairs and Public Policy. “We appreciate the recovery efforts of volunteers working tirelessly to provide aid throughout Florida and Puerto Rico during this time.”
The donations are being organized by Volkswagen Group of America's charitable arm, the Volkswagen Group of America Foundation.
“Volunteer Florida is grateful for the support of the Volkswagen Group of America Foundation,” said Vivian Myrtetus, CEO of Volunteer Florida. “This donation will provide tremendous support to disaster relief organizations across the state and help Florida families, businesses, and communities recover as quickly as possible.”
Including the $150,000 that VW donated to relief efforts in Texas, following Hurricane Harvey, the group has donated $450,000 so far this year to storm relief.
“We are thankful to Volkswagen Group of America for supporting the people of Puerto Rico during these difficult times,” said Puerto Rico Governor Ricardo Rosselló. “Their generous donation will help us rebuild our island.”
Italy calls solar parity; Germany opts for auctions
Solar power is already competitive with electricity from fossil fuels and no longer requires subsidy support, according to a surprise statement from Italy's deputy minister for economic development Caludio De Vincenti last week.
When renewable energy incentives are announced later this month, they will not include provisions for new solar projects, De Vincenti said. Expectedly, Italy's renewable energy association – AssoRinovabili – disagreed with this view, saying it would lobby to have solar incentives included in the renewable energy decree.
Solar power accounted for almost half the global clean energy investment of $US310bn in 2014, with the largest amount of new build in China. The world's most populous country plans to add as much as 15GW in 2015, Shanghai Securities News reported citing a draft plan of the National Energy Administration. It aims to install a further 8GW of transmission-grid connected plants, with the remainder to come from plants connected to the distribution network.
The share of renewables in China's power mix has been increasing steadily. Yet, there are two downsides in this scenario: a slide in electricity demand growth and continued curtailment of generation from hydro and wind plants. The country consumed 5523TWh of electricity in 2014 – a 3.8% increase year on year. The growth rate was only half of that in 2013 and lower than the crises years of 2008-09. A more detailed analysis of China's slowing power market is available in this Research Note.
Solar was in the news in Europe too. The UK announced that PV installations doubled to almost 5GW as developers rushed to beat subsidy cuts for large-scale projects. The Renewables Obligation won't be available for projects larger than 5MW that don't connect by April. Solar capacity at the end of 2013 was 2.8GW.
Germany announced that it would invite bids from companies seeking subsidies for large-scale solar plants. Bundesnetzagentur, the regulator of the power grid, will offer support for 500MW of ground-mounted solar, with developers able to place bids until 15 April, the economy ministry said in an e-mailed statement. These PV ‘pilot tenders' are a way to test whether auctions are a cheaper way of supporting renewables in Germany than feed-in tariffs. “That's how we want to reach our renewable energy expansion targets in a more projectable and cost-efficient manner,” economy minister Sigmar Gabriel said.
The regulator will auction off subsidies for 400MW next year and 300MW in 2017, the ministry said. Other clean-energy technologies including wind will follow from 2017. The five ‘W's of the German PV tenders explores the details of the ordinance outlining 1.2GW of the solar tenders, which, if successful, could set the rules for all large-scale renewables. These are for projects between 100kW and 10MW in size. Bloomberg New Energy Finance doesn't expect the cost of large-scale ground-mounted plants to decrease significantly in Germany over the next two years.
The largest EU member state was also in the news for developments in the wind sector. Its onshore wind installations surged 58% to set a record in 2014. Almost 4.8GW of turbines were installed last year and as much as 4GW may be added this year, according to BWE wind lobby. In the offshore wind market, Germany is set to overtake the UK as the top market, with expected additions of 2GW, said the VDMA engineering lobby.
Wind installations in the US more than quadrupled to almost 4.9GW as developers took advantage of the expiring production tax credit or PTC, according to the American Wind Energy Association. The new build in Texas exceeded 1.1GW. The US now has more than 65GW of wind power capacity, second only to China's 96GW. At year-end there was more than 12.7GW of capacity under construction, the majority in Texas.
The rapid expansion of renewable energy has an impact on utilities around the world. Bloomberg New Energy Finance has analysed a number of utilities in the US, Europe and Asia and seen them respond to the influx of renewables generation in three ways: ‘fight, flight or adapt'. Last week, our Research Note: Outsourced! Bangalore utility's biggest customers opt out looked at the policy options for the Bangalore Electricity Supply Company in India which has seen its largest power consumers opting for alternative suppliers or choosing to generate their own clean energy. Since the exiting clients are also the largest paying consumers, this has tariff implications for all categories of consumers, including residential.
Graph of the week: Global smart grid spending to reach $27.6bn in 2020, BNEF predicts
[[{"fid":"117151","view_mode":"media_original","fields":{"format":"media_original","field_file_image_alt_text[und][0][value]":"","field_file_image_title_text[und][0][value]":"","field_alt_text[und][0][value]":"","field_summary[und][0][value]":""},"type":"media","link_text":null,"attributes":{"height":"337","width":"558","class":"media-element file-media-original"}}]]
Originally published by Bloomberg New Energy Finance. Reproduced with permission.
Setting the agenda for Australia's $150BN agribusiness sector The program for Australia's premier agribusiness conference - The Global Food Forum - is set. Hear from more than 30 industry leaders including PepsiCo's CEO, Danny Celoni, Jayne Hrdlicka, CEO of A2 Milk Company, Barry Irvin, Executive Chairman, Bega Cheese and Costco's Managing Director, Patrick Noone. Sheraton Grand Sydney Hyde Park Book Now
Something good—other than the amusement of the Internet at large—has come from that leaked letter written by University of Maryland's Delta Gamma torturess Rebecca Martinson. Published last Thursday by Gawker, the expletive- and caps-ridden rant by the executive sorority-board member alerts their sisters that they “have been FUCKING UP” Greek week by acting “so fucking AWKWARD and so fucking BORING.” The e-mail rattles off the sisters' offenses in between such epistolary gems as “Oh wait, DOUBLE FUCKING NEWSFLASH: SIGMA NU IS NOT GOING TO WANT TO HANG OUT WITH US IF WE FUCKING SUCK.” In short, it is phenomenal.
And now Oscar-nominated actor Michael Shannon gives the moodily lit, dramatic reading that Martinson's letter so greatly deserves on Funny or Die. Covertly pull out the earplugs you have in your cubicle for these very NSFW occasions, watch, watch again, and then contemplate whether this makes Shannon an honorary Delta Gamma in the space below.
Michael Shannon Reads the Insane Delta Gamma Sorority Letter from Michael Shannon [#iframe: http://www.facebook.com/plugins/like.php?app_id=138711277798&href=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.funnyordie.com%2Fvideos%2F4ad20b4edf%2Fmichael-shannon-reads-the-insane-sorority-letter&send=false&layout=button_count&width=150&show_faces=false&action=like&height=21]||||||
Welcome to Top London Escorts, the only place to go if you are looking to book time with the best cheap London escorts. Here at Top London, we have taken our time to make sure that we can bring you the best companions in London. We have picked each of the companions as we want to show off what London has to offer and these girls are a perfect representation of it.
What makes us the best Cheap London Escorts agency?
At our agency, we work hard to make sure that our girls provide a high-quality service even though we provide it for such a cheap price. We follow one simple principle and because of this we have slowly become one of the best-known escort agencies in London and this is why our clients always come BACK.
Understanding what it's like to live in London is something every agency should do as that is the only way they are going to be able to offer the service that their clients desire. We have spent many years doing this so we are fairly confident that we know what we have to do to make sure that our cheap London escorts offer you the best service.
Another important thing we have picked up on over the last couple of years is the importance discretion has on your booking. Countless times we have heard that a client is hesitant during the booking because they are worried about the agencies discretion. This is why we make sure that your booking is always discreet so you don't have to worry.
Booking Outcalls with our Cheap Escorts In London
Finding the perfect place for your booking can be difficult especially as we primarily offer and outcall service over the majority of London. When you are looking to make a booking with us then we suggest that you look into some of London's best hotels and restaurants. If you would like a quick suggestion then for hotels we would recommend the ME London. It is a high-end establishment in the center of Covent Garden so it's perfect after you have been at work all day. If you are looking for more ideas on where to visit with you London escort then check out the following list below.
Duck & Waffle (EC2N) - This modern restaurant serves both original British and European cuisine with a modern twist 24 hours 7 days a week. Based on the 40th floor of the Heron Tower it is perfect for people looking to spend the evening with a cheap London escort.
The Five Fields (SW3) - If you are looking for an exotic dining experience then we highly recommend The Five Fields. The Five Fields takes an exotic twist to many British classics by using a number of rare herbs and spices.
Four Seasons (W1J) - Just up the road from Hyde Park is the ever amazing Four Seasons hotel. If you are looking for a laid back and well-respected hotel to stay at for the evening then the Four Seasons is perfect for you.
At our agency, we fully understand that finding the perfect companion for you is an important process. So we have made sure that all the information you are going to want to know is available to you. This includes all their statistics, recent images and a small about section so you get to know what you companion is like before booking.
Making your booking with our cheap London escorts
If you are looking to book an escort but are not sure how the process works then don't worry. Here at Top London Escorts, we have worked hard to ensure that we are able to offer bookings a simple as possible. Below is how to make an appointment either online or through our online booking form:
Booking by phone:
Pick the perfect companion for you. Call us up on 0203 744 9494 and speak to one of our receptionists Let us know the time and date of your booking Let us know if you have any special requests Sit back and wait for your London escort to show up
Booking by online form:
Pick the perfect companion for you. Navigate over to our bookings page Fill out all of the forms fields Wait for us to confirm your booking over the phone Sit back and wait for your London escort to show up
Want to Work with Top London Escorts?
Finding the best escort for you is a stressful task at times which is why here at Top London we try and have an escort to fit everyone's preference. This is why we are always looking to bring on new cheap London escorts, we are always looking to expand our team and maybe you could be one of them. We do take recruitment here very seriously so if you think you have what it takes to be one of the best then check out our recruitment page for more information.
Featured Locations
Heathrow Escorts - Gatwick Escorts - Surrey Escorts - Berkshire Escorts
northernstarescorts.co.uk
Adobe on Thursday released its Photoshop CS6 beta with a new, faster and more modern user interface, re-engineered design tools and content-aware patching. “Photoshop CS6 will be a milestone release that pushes the boundaries of imaging innovation with incredible speed and performance,” said Winston Hendrickson, vice president products, Creative Media Solutions, Adobe. “We couldn't wait to share this beta of Photoshop CS6 with our customers and are looking forward to hearing from them and seeing the ways they are incorporating the beta into their daily creative workflows.” The download is roughly 1GB and comes with “all the features in Photoshop CS6 and Photoshop CS6 Extended.” PC users are required to have a 2GHz or faster processor with at least 1GB of RAM, while Mac users who have a multicore Intel processor and 1GB of RAM should be fine. The Photoshop CS6 beta is available as a free download from Adobe's website and the release version is expected to launch in the first half of 2012. Read on for Adobe's press release.
Photoshop CS6 Beta Now Available on Adobe Labs
First Major Release since April 2010 Packed with New Features and Huge Performance Enhancements
SAN JOSE, Calif. — March 22, 2012 — Adobe Systems Incorporated (Nasdaq:ADBE) today announced Adobe® Photoshop® CS6 beta, a preview of what's to come in the next release of the industry standard in digital imaging, is available as a free download from Adobe Labs. Customers can download the beta, try out the experience and provide feedback to the product team. Packed with groundbreaking new innovations,featuresand incredible performance enhancements, Photoshop CS6 beta is available for the macOS and Microsoft® Windows® platforms. The final release is expected in the first half of 2012.
“Photoshop CS6 will be a milestone release that pushes the boundaries of imaging innovation with incredible speed and performance,” said Winston Hendrickson, vice president products, Creative Media Solutions, Adobe. “We couldn't wait to share this beta of Photoshop CS6 with our customers and are looking forward to hearing from them and seeing the ways they are incorporating the beta into their daily creative workflows.”
New Features in Photoshop CS6 Beta
Photoshop CS6 beta demonstrates Adobe's focus on huge performance enhancements, imaging magic and creativity tools that offer customers a new experience in digital imaging. Key features include new additions to the Content-Aware tools: Content-Aware Patch allows greater control by letting users select and duplicate an area of an image to fill in or “patch” another, and Content-Aware Move lets users select and magically move an object to a new place in the image.
In addition, the Photoshop CS6 beta offers all the features of Adobe Photoshop CS6 and Adobe Photoshop CS6 Extended, such as new 3D editing features and quantitative imaging analysis capabilities. These features will be included in the shipping version of Photoshop CS6 Extended when it becomes available.
Pricing and Availability
The Photoshop CS6 beta is available immediately as a free download in English and Japanese. At installation, users will be required to provide an Adobe ID to complete a one-time login and online product activation. For information on how to install Photoshop CS6 beta, visit http://www.adobe.com/go/photoshopcs6. Customers can submit feedback via the Photoshop CS6 beta forum. Users can also connect with the Photoshop team via the community-powered site; on Facebook; YouTube; Photoshop.com blog; or via Twitter.
