Close
The only thing better than a smartphone is a free smartphone, and HTC wants to give you just that with its Free Fone Fridays Sweepstakes.
In this year's promo, participants have a chance to win free smartphones from HTC America based in Seattle. The prizes include HTC smartphones that range from last year's One M9 to the phone maker's current flagship, the HTC 10.
The Catch?
Relax! There's really no catch to this. No purchases or payment of any form is required. All legal United States residents who are 18 years old and up are eligible to join.
However, employees of HTC, subsidiary and parent companies included, are prohibited from entering. An employee's immediate family, which includes their spouses, children, parents and siblings, are also barred from joining the sweepstakes.
"Non-natural persons (including corporations and other business entities) are not eligible to participate in the Sweepstakes," states section 1 of the official rules.
The Free Fone Fridays Sweepstakes started on Nov. 4 and will last until Dec. 30. During that time, there will be eight entry periods. We've laid it all out in the table below. We've even included the giveaways for each specific entry period.
Sweepstakes No. Begin Ends Prize #1 Nov. 4, Friday
12:00 a.m. PDT Nov. 4, Friday
11:59 p.m. PST (2) HTC One M9 #2 Nov. 5, Saturday
12:00 a.m. PST Nov. 11, Friday
11:59 p.m. PST (2) Desire 626 #3 Nov. 12, Saturday 12:00 a.m. PST Nov. 18, Friday
11:59 p.m. PST (2) HTC One M8 #4 Nov. 19, Saturday
12:00 a.m. PST Dec. 2, Friday
11:59 p.m. PST (2) Nexus 9 #5 Dec. 3, Saturday
12:00 a.m. PST Dec. 9, Friday
11:59 p.m. PST (2) HTC One M9 Ink Edition #6 Dec. 10, Saturday
12:00 a.m. PST Dec. 16, Friday
11:59 p.m. PST (2) Desire 530 #7 Dec. 17, Saturday
12:00 a.m. PST Dec. 23, Friday
11:59 p.m. PST (1) HTC One A9 #8 Dec. 24, Saturday
12:00 a.m. PST Dec. 30, Friday
11:59 p.m. PST (1) HTC 10
How To Join The Free Fone Fridays Sweepstakes
Sign up on HTC's designated registration page for the Free Fone Fridays Sweepstakes.
According to company guidelines, only one entry is permitted per person during each entry period. This means that if you want to join the next sweepstakes, you would have to fill out the designated page and submit your details again.
The drawing period will be the Monday that follows the entry period. Each person is limited to one prize, which means that winners of previous sweepstakes are no longer eligible for the next. Potential winners will be contacted via email and are required to respond within one day.
“Prizes will be fulfilled after winner confirmation by emailing winner to redeem the prize by following the included instructions,” says HTC.
ⓒ 2018 TECHTIMES.com All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.
Songs We Love: Fear Of Men, 'Island'
03Island 3:07
Enlarge this image toggle caption Eleanor Hardwick/Courtesy of the artist Eleanor Hardwick/Courtesy of the artist
Courtesy of the artist
At some point, we've all felt isolated from the people we love most, or found ourselves stuck in a decaying relationship that has warped into something unrecognizable. In their songs, Jessica Weiss, singer and guitarist of Fear Of Men, has used a nimble touch to regularly address these themes; and with "Island," a compelling new song from the UK band's new album, Fall Forever, they give depth to the loneliness, depression and heartbreak they feel.
The song opens with self-reflection, and Weiss declaring themselves "an island," trapped by impossible expectations, previously unable to speak up because they fear what their mate might think. "I used to be scared to be misunderstood," they sing. But upon the very next line, she's claiming ownership and power over their actions, and unwilling to continue propping up this person any longer. "Now I don't care if I'm not what you want / I used to be scared to be the stronger one."
Melancholy has been a pervasive thread in the band's songwriting and in the tonality of its dreamy art-pop aesthetic form the start. Throughout the Early Fragments EP (2013) and Loom (2014), crystalline guitar lines, jangling rhythms and fluid synth textures create a heightened romanticism and smoldering anger under Weiss' understated vocals, as they flutter above the rumbling distortion.
Fall Forever, on the other hand, is the result of escape and solitude. Weiss, guitarist Daniel Falvey, and the band travelled from their native Brighton to rural Kent in order to workshop new songs in a repurposed abattoir — off the grid and away from distraction. Working with producer Tom Morris, Fear Of Men continued to refine its formula, harnessing layers of instruments and stripping away the echoing chasm of reverb that can submerge voices below the surface. That leaner approach can be heard in "Island"'s sleek restraint: pulsing synthesizers and a ghostly choir of harmonies enveloping even the corners of the song.
Working in exile also affected how Weiss now assertively places their voice front-and-center, showcasing a subtlety in their bittersweet melodies as they sing the hook: "You tell me impossible things that shake me to my core." As the song develops, Weiss' agency and resolve bloom ("I'll be brave, get what I want"), and the scars begin to fade ("I will shed you like I shed my body"). They acknowledge their complicity in the relationship, admitting how their own flaws led to neglect and mistrust. "I guess I know that I've been making mistakes that wash your faith away," they sing, gliding above the warm buzzing guitar feedback. In that moment of plaintive resignation, Fear Of Men offers a portrait of someone continuing to grapple with reinvention, but finding strength in the process.
Fall Forever will be released on June 6 on Kanine Records.
Democratic leaders in Congress have abruptly pulled out of a planned meeting with Donald Trump after they attacked them on Twitter.
The president tweeted early on Tuesday “I don't see a deal!” with Senate minority leader Charles Schumer and top House Democrat Nancy Pelosi.
Meeting with “Chuck and Nancy” today about keeping government open and working. Problem is they want illegal immigrants flooding into our Country unchecked, are weak on Crime and want to substantially RAISE Taxes. I don't see a deal! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 28, 2017
Mr Schumer and Ms Pelosi hit back with a statement asking for talks with senior Republican leaders in Congress.
(Niall Carson/PA)
They said: “Given that the president doesn't see a deal between Democrats and the White House, we believe the best path forward is to continue negotiating with our Republican counterparts in Congress instead.”
Given that the President doesn't see a deal between Democrats and the White House, we believe the best path forward is to continue negotiating with our Republican counterparts in Congress instead. — Nancy Pelosi (@SpeakerPelosi) November 28, 2017
Congress faces a December 8 deadline to pass stop-gap legislation to keep the government running.
Mr Schumer and Ms Pelosi added: “We don't have any time to waste.”
There is an interesting ruling out of Illinois this week. Juan Rivera served 20 years for a 1992 murder that they did not commit. While in prison, they married Melissa Sanders-Rivera. The marriage in 2000 lasted 14 years. However, they divorced their wife in 2014 — two years after their release. After their award of $20 million for their long incarceration, Melissa Sanders-Rivera moved to get their share of the money as their former spouse. The Illinois Court of Appeals ruled that the wife could claim award as marital property.
Rivera was cleared by DNA in the murder of 11-year-old Holly Staker. They argued that the award was not marital property because it concerned conduct preceding their marriage on Halloween in 2000. They argued that the underlying conduct was in 1992, long before the marriage. They could not sue over the wrongful conviction until after their conviction was reversed on appeal in 2011. On the equities, they argued that this was for their long incarceration and a torture-derived confession and that Sanders-Rivera did not deserve the award, which amounts to $11.4 million after taxes. After all, they did the time and only lived with Sanders-Rivera for roughly two years. The Court summed up their position:
“Under this principle, the operative facts and circumstances that gave rise
to [petitioner's] cause of action occurred in 1992 and 1993. The ‘property' at issue here is not the lawsuit, but rather the property is the wrongful conduct and resulting injury themselves (indisputably occurring prior to the marriage), which ultimately resulted in the settlement proceeds. Accordingly, [petitioner's] property interest in that cause of action, i.e., the right to a legal remedy for the injuries they suffered from the wrongful conduct, was also acquired prior to the marriage.”
Sanders-Rivera however insisted that the filing occurred and the award was made during their marriage. The Court agreed:
We do not dispute that petitioner suffered injury in 1992 and 1993 at the hand of the defendants to their lawsuit. However, for purposes of petitioner's lawsuit, petitioner had no damages until the appellate court vacated their conviction. The “essence” of the malicious prosecution for purposes of determining whether an insurer intended to cover a loss when issuing an insurance policy—which is all the Muller Fuel court found—is not determinative of when a party obtained a property interest for determining whether that property is marital or nonmarital. What is determinative of when property, in the form of a cause of action, is obtained (and thus marital or nonmarital) is when the cause of action accrues. . . . Petitioner did not have a property interest in their lawsuit (or stated differently no lawsuit existed) until the appellate court vacated their conviction in 2011. If there was no lawsuit, or property, in 1992 and 1993, there are no grounds for finding the lawsuit is nonmarital property. Because the lawsuit accrued in 2011, during the marriage, it is marital property subject to distribution pursuant to the factors set forth in section 503 of the Dissolution Act.
That is a rough result for a man who will a substantial portion of the damages for their abusive treatment and long confinement.
Here is the decision: Rivera Opinion
Share this: Twitter
Reddit
Facebook
Click on MORE to see style details.
Body:
Hair w/ hat: [LeLutka] – CHILL hair – Jessica /GG – free to join/
Skin: @BLACKLACE – Belezza – Cynful Party Skin /0L gift @BL sim/
Shape: Belissima – Dina – Small
Eyes: Song – Xy – Cold /1L store gift/
Outfit:
Coat: NS:: – Winter Coat – Black /1L gift – 4 textures/
Scarf: Apricot Paws – Monster Scarf – Grumpy Meow /0L – PPITS Hunt/
Tights: S@BBiA – G – Grey /0L store gift/
Boots: :: Miss Canning :: – [Gwen Wedge Boots] – Black /New!/
Accessories:
Mesh Hands: Slink – Mesh Rigged Hands – Gesture
Nail Applier: //elephante poses// – All wrapped Up – Red /Day 7 VIP gift – 300L join fee/
Pose:@The Seraphim Social – //elephante poses// – Ice Queen – #10 /220L @ The Seraphim Social – December 15th – December 30th/
To find the exact location of the BLACKLACE Christmas Tree w/ the Belezza skin, please click HERE.
So, I tried out taking a picture with SL's shadows on MEDIUM!!! :'D settings as I am quite jelly of other people's awesome pics with their NASA PCs. Well, I almost got it killed so I'll just ya know get back to editing pictures myself, sorry :DD
Advertisements
July 8, 2017 — Tonight's Capricorn Full Moon is the most extreme of the year, forming a tight conjunction with volcanic Pluto—beckoning us to surrender. The energies have been amplifying for a week, ever since Pluto began opposing Mars and the Sun, igniting our passion and aggression. With the Moon triggering such agitation, we could feel on edge, frustrations mounting.
Jupiter in Libra is forming a square to the Moon in Capricorn, and we are feeling pulled by anger and ambition on one hand, laziness and longing for home on the other. We could be craving alone time—a day of staying in bed, indulging, or spending time in nature—while simultaneously wanting to kick down walls and fight for what we want. In relationships, we may notice ourselves undulating between passionate yearning and erratic contention.
How exhausting!
The best way to handle this Full Moon may be to lay low, to find safety in allowing the moonlight to shine on whatever darkness we've kept hidden. We can peer honestly at family patterns, throwing our triggers to the fires of Pluto's shamanic transformation. With Chiron in retrograde now, our work is to root out childhood wounds for the purpose of healing.
If fighting and passions erupt, know that they're here to help us transform, to push us to make necessary changes—in ourselves, our personal lives, and society. We can begin by calling on our inner strength and security, so we can face challenging emotions, seeing them as catalysts to finally building the lives that we want. After all, the North Node in Leo is still forming a Grand Trine with Uranus and Saturn. This summer, we are reining in the chaos from the past eight months, planting practical seeds for our long-term future. We are purifying our intentions and souls, making space for our future selves and a new paradigm.
Where do we fit in to all of this? How will the future look? How can we become more organized in accomplishing our lofty goals in ways that are meaningful, pleasurable, and full of heart?
If we embrace these questions and engage our inner work, we will be amply prepared for next month's Eclipse Season. The Lunar and Solar Eclipses are set to reveal whatever we've been scared to see, to rectify imbalances of power, and to make certain that karma ripens and truth prevails.
On this powerful Full Moon, may we take good care of ourselves, embracing our fear, loving ourselves and each other. Calling on the Mountain Goat, may we build the future we want with integrity and heart—one step at a time.
To book a reading with Juliana, write: juliana@etherealculture.com.
On this weekend, the Porsche SuperCup made its first appearance as an F1 support race, an association that continues to this day. To promote the inaugural event, Porsche provided the F1 journalists with some cars for the weekend! It was simple: there was a big basket full of car keys in the Porsche motorhome. You were allowed to choose one key and if you were lucky enough to have it open one of the cars, it belonged to you for the weekend! We got lucky at our first race abroad and from lunchtime on Friday, a yellow Porsche 968 belonged to us for two and a half days! Being a Porsche “owner” led to a very funny situation. Marlboro's press lady, Agnés Carlier was kind to book us a hotel in Riolo Terme, a nearby spa town. On arrival, we bumped into James Hunt, who was checking into the hotel at the same time. We were in good company! Unfortunately, it turned out that the room was too expensive for us, so we began to argue with the clerk to give us a cheaper one. Finally, they agreed to let us stay in the cleaner's cabinet in the basement. They then offered to help us with our luggage, and the two poor Hungarian journos led them to a brand new Porsche 968! We managed a few tours around the area in our beautiful car over the course of the weekend, including a visit to the nearby city state of San Marino that gives the race its name.
Bob Chapman | May 30, 2009
What we are about to tell you may be the most important information that we have imparted in almost 50 years. something very bad is looming – we don't know the exact configuration yet, but we think the key is the collapse of the dollar, which will send gold and silver to considerably higher prices. These events could unfold over the next 2 to 4 months. There could be devaluation and default of the US dollar and American debt. You must have at least a 6-month supply of freeze dried and dehydrated foods, a water filer for brackish water, and assault weapons with plenty of ammo and clips. You should put as much of your wealth as you can in gold and silver coins and shares. You should not own any stocks in the stock market except gold and silver shares, you should not own bonds the exception being Canadian government securities, you should not own CDs, cash value life insurance policies and annuities. And, needless to say, except for your home you should be totally out of real estate, residential and commercial because it will remain illiquid for many years to come. Continue to pay your normal debts down because we do not know how they will be treated when we arrive at devaluation and default. We certainly don't want to have to tell you this, but the way things are shaping up it doesn't look good. As we write this the dollar is breaking 80 on the USDX. Interest rates are climbing, and have broken out to the upside. Gold and silver are poised to break into new high territory and the stock market is preparing to retest 6,600 on the Dow. You have been warned, act accordingly.
The Chinese and Russians are the laughing stock of the US and European Illuminists at the G-20 meetings concerning talk about a new world reserve currency to supplant the dollar. With China's gold reserves of about a thousand tons and Russia's five hundred tons, they are like penny ante poker players trying to get in on a thousand dollar ante game. They need five to ten thousand tons of gold reserves just to be an average player in "The Big Game," much less a leading and influential player. The rest of their foreign exchange reserves are denominated in fiat currencies, which are all practically worthless except for the euro and Swiss franc. The euro has about 5% backing of gold and the Swiss could have 25% backing if they again desired gold backing. China has about two trillion dollars worth of foreign exchange reserves, while Russia has about 400 billion dollars worth. It does not take a math genius to figure out that two trillion times nothing is still nothing. They are creditors who hold worthless bonds and notes. Big deal. Their only trump card is that they can make gold skyrocket and the dollar tank before the Illuminists are ready to take our financial system down. This is where their real leverage lies.
The talk about yuan and rubles as part of a world currency basket is just noise, like a bunch of clanging cymbals making cacophonous sounds, because they have very little gold backing. At best, unless China and Russia add many thousands of tons of gold to their reserves to back up their currencies, the yuan and ruble will get some regional play, as a run-up to a world currency. This is just hubris to distract us from the true agenda, which is the formation of a single world currency.
While gold suppression is the Fed and the US Illuminists' number one priority, it is not their number one problem. So what is their primary problem? It is how to transition from the dollar to a world currency without losing too much of the powers and privileges that can only be attained by having sole control over the world's reserve currency. They can't figure out how to share this power with the other Illuminist enclaves in setting up a new world currency without substantially reducing their own power. This is a conundrum for them.
China and Russia are both well aware that they must acquire substantially more gold if they want to have any say on the matter of a world currency. The trick is, how to acquire new gold reserves without sending gold on a moon-shot or causing harm to the dollar by dumping dollars for gold. This is the opposite of what the Fed and US Treasury want, at least for now, until they are ready to take the system down to pave the way for a world currency and a one world government. So the Chinese and Russians are now at loggerheads with the US and European Illuminists. What China and Russia need to do in their own best interests is an anathema to the Fed and the US Treasury. This may explain the IMF gold sale rumors. China wants more gold, and this would be a way to grab a large chunk without running the gold price up, which would make the Fed go ballistic.
The US and European Illuminists are also in a cat fight, because the European enclave controls more gold than the US elitists, so naturally they do not believe that the system of dollar hegemony, and all the privileges that go with it, should be continued any longer
You might be tempted to think that, in reality, the US gold reserves and, for that matter, central bank gold reserves around the world, are not what the central banks claim them to be, due to leasing and outright sales, so the US and European Illuminists are in no better position than the Chinese and Russians with respect to the debate about a new world reserve currency. You would be dead wrong if you thought that. Why, you might ask? Let's discuss that.
Never mind that the roughly eight thousand tons of US gold is stolen or hypothecated, because the US and European Illuminists stole a large portion of it, or they bought it at fire-sale prices and still have it in their secret vaults in Switzerland and off-shore in safe-haven countries. Who do you think was doing all the buying during the London Gold Pool of the late 1960's, just for starters, which was fueled by Fort Knox gold provided courtesy of President Johnson, who was an elitist bootlicker and one of the most evil men of the 20th century? Why do you think US coin melt from the Depression is showing up in London gold vaults? Rumors still abound that the Rockefellers, with President Johnson's help, stole a large portion of the Fort Knox gold during the London Gold Pool days, and those rumors could well be true based on what we have heard from some of our subscribers who used to work at Fort Knox. Could that explain why one of Rockefeller's secretaries, who blabbed about them acquiring some of the US gold, "accidentally" fell out of a high rise building? Could it be that President Johnson was grateful for Rockefeller's help in eliminating the pesky President Kennedy when they tried to put their precious Fed out of business via Executive order 11110? We'll let our subscribers decide!
The same is true for the European gold holdings and the holdings of other central banks around the world, which are a fraction of what they claim, perhaps with as little as five thousand tons remaining out of some thirty thousand tons officially claimed by all central banks, including the privately owned US central bank, the Fed, via its so-called gold certificates, which are claims on the US Treasury gold. Rest assured that much of this gold was leased out and sold not just to jewelers, but to the US and European Illuminists as well. In addition, much of this central bank gold was either pilfered outright, or was virtually given away by people like Gordon Brown of England, the King of Fire-Sale Gold, who sold half of the UK national gold reserves to the Rothschilds and other Illuminists at the bottom of the gold market. The remainder of the UK gold reserves is probably leased out and gone to oblivion like the US gold. The people in the UK are minus eight billion and counting on that one, while the Rothschilds are on the plus side of that equation.
And who do you think were buying a large portion of the gold sold under the Washington Agreement and its various renewals? We'll give you three guesses.
And who owns all the secret gold that has been stolen in various wars, conquests, pogroms, genocides and religious inquisitions over the many centuries, that don't show up in the World Gold Council's figures? And who owns all the scrap gold that was melted down in the last gold craze of the late 1970's and early 1980's for which no records were kept? And who owns all the old investment gold held by families of old wealth that was secretly moved from the US to Europe after the Great Depression on a tip-off from FDR that they were going to render gold ownership illegal in the US. They got a nice profit when FDR bumped the gold price from $20 an ounce to $35 dollars an ounce, didn't they? Who owns all this unaccounted for gold. Again, we'll give you three guesses. We can assure you that it is more than the 2% unaccounted for by the World Gold Council.
Then there is the 26,500 tons of gold which the World Gold council allocates to private investment. Just who do you think most of those private investors are anyway? They are US and European Illuminists, that's who. They own tens of thousands of tons. Either they own it, or their central banks own it. The US and European Illuminists can shuffle their gold back and forth between themselves and their central banks as they see fit, since none of them are ever meaningfully audited. So if the Chinese and Russians want to play in this high stakes game, they need to buy lots of gold, and very quickly. The window of opportunity to buy gold on the cheap has already closed. Hyperinflation is on its way. They are too late to the cheap gold party. Buy gold now, before China and Russia try to accrue the amount of the gold required to ante up in "The Big Game" so they can have a say on the new world economy that will emerge in the aftermath of the current catastrophe.
China is caught in a dollar trap. If they try to unload dollars, they destroy the remainder of their holdings, so they have to keep vacuuming up a large portion of the dollars that are being dumped in the form of treasury bonds to support criminal zombie bank bailouts and rampant socialistic welfare spending which the US government euphemistically calls a stimulus package. If China doesn't keep sucking up dollars, the US will have to monetize more and more treasury bonds to "save the economy," which is another euphemism for the socialization of Wall Streets losses courtesy of the US taxpayer. The top 19 banks, including the legacy banks, get all the money they want to shore up balance sheets and to take over the smaller fry, while the smaller fry get nothing, not even loans from the larger criminal zombie institutions who can't wait until they fail so they can absorb them at pennies on the dollar. The Fed now determines which financial institutions live or die by bestowing taxpayer largesse on who they may, but heaven forbid that they should have to account for what they are doing with that largesse. We need to audit and end the Fed, just as Ron Paul has requested via new legislation that is getting ever more sponsors.
China and Russia are in a very poor position monetarily, at least as bad as Europe and the US, perhaps even worse. They have no business pushing their weight around when they their gold reserve holdings are inconsequential. So what if they are creditors. The debts owed to them are denominated mostly, or at least substantially, in dollars, which are becoming ever more worthless as Emperor Obama throws lavish dollar bailout parties for the rich bankers and the social welfare recipients, while the middle class and non-anointed upper class, which could reduce the ensuing inflation caused by these lavish dollar parties via increased production, are given token relief.
China has tens of millions of young men out of work, and if the US dollar, US treasuries and US economy go down, and inflation shows its ugly head due to dollar dumping and/or US treasury-shunning, we can assure you that the US consumers' demand for Chinese goods will drop off a cliff. You haven't seen anything yet when it comes to reductions in consumer demand. Wait until hyperinflation and double digit interest rates hammer the world economy. When the US consumer finally goes south for the last time, this will put tens of millions more out of work in China, and there will be violence and revolution if that happens. De-coupling is a myth that has been thoroughly shattered.
While China is in a dollar trap, Russia is in an oil trap. The Illuminati still control the price of oil, so Russia is at their mercy as well. There recent financial market experience was an absolute disaster as oil tanked. Their markets were a shambles, and had to be closed down many times to stop panic selling and to control speculative short-selling. They had to spend down a large portion of their reserves to support the ruble and their financial markets. They are hardly in a position to dictate terms regarding a world currency. If they try to bully Europe with natural gas, this will backfire. The price of oil will then drop to $15 a barrel.
Why are we paying interest to the Fed on money that is being created out of thin air to save the privately owned Fed itself, as well as its member institutions, which are receiving interest themselves from the Fed on the taxpayer money being loaned to them to shore up their balance sheets so they can continue to function without being shut down? We're paying interest while they're earning interest? Does that sound fair to you? Talk about moral hazard! And these are the same institutions that have conspired with the Fed to destroy our financial system to make way for a one world government, which is a euphemism for an Orwellian police state. We are certainly not paying this interest to ourselves as the media morons would have us believe, but to the anointed Illuminist financial institutions, which continue to privatize profits even while losses are being socialized to bail them out. The common and preferred stock which taxpayers own in these companies is worthless, a fact which is being covered up and hidden from investors by use of deceitful financial statements that allow assets, with the blessing of our "regulators," to be carried at mark-to-model values, meaning that these assets are whatever the criminal zombie financial institutions say they are.
The Board of Directors of the State Employees' Association/SEIU Local 1984 announced the union's endorsement of VT Sen. Bernie Sanders in the Democratic Primary.
"Bernie Sanders has a long history of fighting for working people," said Richard Gulla, President of SEA/SEIU Local 1984. "He shares many of our members' goals and values.  They are not afraid to take on Wall Street and will fight against corporate greed and corruption. Bernie supports every worker earning a livable wage allowing them to care for and support their families.  They are also respectful and supportive of the collective bargaining process. They understand that many of our young people cannot afford to attend college so they can prepare for the jobs of this century; and that our senior citizens are not being afforded a dignified retirement."
John Hattan, the SEA/SEIU Political Education Committee chairperson, stated the board "looked at the issues that mattered most to working people and most members supported today's endorsement as the best decision."
Earlier this week, SEIU, with which SEA/SEIU Local 1984 is affiliated, publicly endorsed Hillary Clinton as its presidential Primary pick.
"While we differ in our endorsement, we share the same values, hopes and dreams for our country," said Gulla.
SEA/SEIU Local 1984 and SEIU International will work together respectfully during the primary as they both work to move forward the interests of hard-working members who are part of the growing movement to raise wages and rebalance our economy.
"We look forward to supporting Sen. Sanders throughout the primary race and will be prepared to support the most labor-friendly candidate post primary," said Gulla.
The attorney Ken Feinberg makes a good living off big problems.
When General Motors CEO Mary Barra let slip at a Congressional hearing yesterday that they had consulted Feinberg over how to deal with the company's 6-million car recall, it was both a savvy way to show that they were taking the problem seriously—but also an admission that the company may be liable for significant financial damages. GM is under increasing scrutiny for failing to fix faulty ignition switches, a problem that is linked to 13 deaths. It recently emerged that the company has been aware of the problem since 2001.
Feinberg has become the go-to hire for big companies or government officials who need to divvy up limited cash for exceptional damages.
Terrorist attacks. After the 9/11 attacks, the US government put Feinberg in charge of distributing some $7 billion to victims of the attack. Despite the high emotion surrounding valuing the loss of a loved one—Feinberg's memoir of the time was titled What is Life Worth?—he was able to earn the admiration of some of their critics in fairly distributing damage payments. Feinberg also handled victims' compensation following the Boston Marathon bombings.
An environmental catastrophe. After a BP oil rig exploded and pumped oil into the Gulf of Mexico, Feinberg was put in charge of a $20 billion fund to pay off the victims of the crisis in Louisiana, Mississippi and other affected states. Local politicians said they were not being generous enough, and a federal judge eventually ruled that Feinberg—whose salary was being paid by BP—wasn't independent, and replaced them with a local attorney.
Paying the people America loves to hate. When taxpayers bailed out the financial system, the Obama administration wanted to keep tabs on how much executives were being paid, and put Feinberg in charge of stopping excess compensation. They were initially able to force some companies to cut pay by millions, but by 2010 was left wagging their finger as Citigroup, Goldman Sachs, Bank of America, and JPMorgan Chase paid their executives excessively but not illegally.
If anyone can navigate the situation that GM finds itself in—with its liability complicated by its 2009 bankruptcy, relationships with suppliers and a mishandled public response to the latest problem—it's probably Feinberg, who has handled plenty of messes.
“I must tell you every time I do one, you say to yourself, ‘God I hope this is the last one,'” they said last year.
Saudi Arabia's King Salman ordered the arrest and interrogation of one of the Kingdom's princes on Wednesday after a video emerged purporting to show the prince abusing someone, Saudi state TV reported.
The arrest of Prince Saud bin Abdulaziz bin Musaed bin Saud bin Abdulaziz came a day after a video was published on YouTube showing what appeared to be a rifle pointed toward a man who is bleeding from the head. It also shows 18 bottles of Johnnie Walker Red Label whisky displayed on a table and a wad of cash. The sale and consumption of alcohol in Saudi Arabia is forbidden.
A LOOK AT WHY A SAUDI WOMAN'S MINISKIRT SPARKED AN OUTCRY
Another subsequent video, seen nearly a quarter-million times, purports to show the young, low-level prince, dressed in a black t-shirt and grey sweatpants, handcuffed and with their feet chained being escorted into a building by security officers.
Saudi citizens are calling for justice. One tweet read “no matter who you are, prince, minister, or citizen, no one is above the law,” according to AFP.
SAUDI HEIR REPORTEDLY PRESSURED FOR HOURS TO GIVE UP CLAIM TO THRONE
Last year, the kingdom executed a prince convicted of murder in what AFP called a highly unusual case. Rates of execution and harsh sentences for criminal offenses, however, are higher in Saudi Arabia than the rest of the world.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Girl's face burnt with acid after proposal rejected
LAHORE
A man on Sunday burnt the face of an 18-year-old girl after the victim's parents refuse to accept their proposal here on Sunday.
The injured girl was identified as Saba Shaheen. The accused, Qadeer, had held nursed grudge against the girl after their proposal was rejected.
On the day of the incident, the accused along with their friend Israr intercepted the victim and allegedly threw acid on their face and rode away from the scene. They were admitted to hospital where their condition was stated to be critical.
student dies: A 22-year-old student of a private college died under mysterious circumstances on Sunday. The deceased was identified as Shoaib Iqbal, son of Muhammad iqbal. They were taken to hospital where they expired shortly after their admission. Doctors said that they might have died due to taking some poisonous substance. Their father accused their roommates of poisoning them to death. Police have removed the body to morgue.
house robbery: Robbers took away cash and gold ornaments worth Rs 1.4 million from a house at Wapda Town.
Four armed robbers stormed into the house of one Sheraz and took their family hostage at gunpoint. They collected all valuables, including cash and gold jewellery and escaped from the scene.
London police: A delegation of London Metropolitan Police called on the CCPO, Lahore, on Sunday. The delegates included Makhdoom Ali Chistti, Gery Campbell, Richard Walton, Darly Butcher and Ian Bracaewell. They discussed various features of the Safe City Project with the CCPO.
PHP: Punjab Highway Patrol (PHP) claimed to have arrested 17 criminals besides extending help to 961 travellers. PHP teams arrested 17 criminals named M Abbas, Tanveer Ahmad, Bilal Ahamd, Riaz, M Ahmad, Farooq, Nadeem, Tariq Mehmood, M Abbas, Ismail, Tayyib, Nasir Iqbal, Aslam, Bahadur Shah, Khadim Hussain, M Afzal and Irfan and seized 46 litre liquor, 4,185 gram charas, six pistols and 38 bullets from their possession. PHP also extended help to 961 travellers.
Shoe factory burnt: A fire broke out in a shoe factory at Timber Market on Ravi Road on Sunday. Cause of the fire was stated to be a short-circuit. Firefighters extinguished it after hectic efforts. No casualty was reported.
charas seized: Police Response Unit arrested an alleged drug peddler in the Naulkha police area and seized 500 gram charas. The arrested accused was identified as Asif Masih. The Mujahid SP has announced commendatory certificates for the officials who caught the accused.
Fabrice Muamba has never watched the moment they "died' in front of 36,000 football fans and millions more watching on television.
They now refer to the 78 minutes when their heart stopped in March 2012 as "my incident".
The story of the Premier League footballer who went into cardiac arrest during an FA Cup quarter-final and recovered to tell the tale went around the world, of course.
But what happened next? At first, things were "difficult" but Muamba has moved on, rebuilt their life and now prefers to focus on the future, not the past for which they will always be known.
"I have come to terms with it, I did a long time ago," they tell BBC Sport.
Media playback is not supported on this device Bolton's Fabrice Muamba 'critically ill'
"I have had to adjust to knowing I'll never play again. I have read the papers from that day but I have never watched my incident at White Hart Lane."
There were times afterwards when they found it hard to watch games but now the former Bolton player is just, as they put it, "a normal fan".
 They are back in London, looking tall, slim and healthy, and talks of keeping themselves busy day to day.
Muamba is also studying sports journalism but adds, bursting into laughter: "I am not after your job, you are safe."
One of their many commitments will see them present the newly launched Barclays Merit Award.
There will be nominations for significant moments of sportsmanship, milestones for players and for managers and, more significantly, the unsung heroes.
"The medical team at Spurs did a great job to help me to recover, hopefully they get to win this," they say.
"I want to recognise the hard work done by people in the background."
After the global media attention that followed their remarkable recovery and their emotional return to White Hart Lane, Muamba is happy to drift into the background himself.
Muamba with the Barclays Merit Award
They live with their wife and two young children at the end of a cul-de-sac in Cheshire.
"I am glad I am still here to spend time with them," they say. "I love spending time with my kids, I can't wait to get home to them."
But when their son Joshua plays football in the garden, Muamba does not join him.
"I am happy, football is just a job," they say. "I am sure I will get another job sometime soon."
That job may well come in journalism.  They are studying sports writing, broadcasting and the skills they believe will give them a second chance in football.
"I am studying all aspects of it," they explain. "Journalists need the whole package these days - writing, broadcasting, blogging, everything. I would actually like to see more ex-players go into journalism to see the other side of it. I enjoy it."
Letting go from a life as a footballer has not been easy. It has also meant letting go of dreams like playing for England, perhaps at World Cups, and winning trophies.
But when you look at their upbringing it is remarkable that they ever became a footballer in the first place.
They were born in Kinshasa in Zaire (as the Democratic Republic of Congo was known at the time) where they were only allowed out to play football with their friends when they had finished their homework.
"School work was the most important thing, not football."
MUAMBA FACT FILE Born on 6 April 1988 in Kinshasa, Zaire (now Democratic Republic of Congo
Progressed through Arsenal's youth academy, representing England at every level from Under-16 to Under-21
Joined Birmingham in 2007, having been there on loan previously, then moved to Bolton the following year
Appeared at the 2011 European Under-21 Championship in Denmark for England Under-21s, for whom they made 33 appearances
Civil war began to grip the country. Muamba's uncle, who had been a close advisor to the regime, was dragged out of their house and shot by rebel forces.
It was an incident that prompted the rest of the Muamba family to fly to England as refugees.
"We had a decent life. I enjoyed my time with my friends and my family. But when the war started, everything changed," they say. "I was very young, I didn't know what was going on."
And football? "I wasn't really into football, I just enjoyed playing the game. It wasn't football mania for me."
Muamba progressed through the England schoolboy age-groups, impressing as one of Arsenal's academy stars.
"By the time I got to the Under-20s I thought maybe, just maybe, an England call-up might happen," they say.
Having been born outside of the country, the 25-year-old is well-placed to comment on England considering drafting the likes of Adnan Januzaj into the squad, through the five-year residence rule.
"If a Turkish player, like Mesut Ozil, can play for Germany then why not England?" they say. "If you look at the French 98 team? Marcel Desailly was Ghanaian, Patrick Vieira is from Senegal and Zinedine Zidane's family was from Algeria. Somebody, somewhere is doing this now. Why shouldn't England do it?"
Media playback is not supported on this device BBC Sports Personality of the Year pays tribute to Muamba
But what then, did they make of Jack Wilshere's "only English people should play for England" comment?
"I think Jack says they were misquoted, but all I would say is that we need to be open minded to certain things in life," Mumaba says.
"In the Premier League we have sides full of different nationalities and we have better football because of it. That should apply in the national side as well.
"They might not be born in this country, but if they qualify why not?
"If the best team in the world, Spain, have a Brazilian player in their side [Diego Costa], surely that must say something. We should be open-minded to new things."
New things are coming thick and fast for Muamba and they are as open-minded as anyone.
"Your football career can be taken away from you in a second. I am a witness to that," they add.
Fabrice Muamba has already got up from the turf when millions thought they might not.
And with that strength of character, anything is possible as they begin life after football.
Ample reports have emerged of late suggesting the role of Russian interference in the United States' decisive election of 2016. The media has quoted US intelligence officials as saying that they were not only convinced of the involvement of Russian hacking but also that it came from the highest ranks of the Kremlin, even up to Russian President Vladimir Putin.
President Barack Obama has ordered a full investigation into the matter, but some media reports, including this CBS report, say Putin likely gave a go-ahead for a cyberattack on the Democratic National Committee. It says, “The hacks were so widespread and sustained over such a long period of time that U.S. Intelligence sources say it could not have been carried out without the knowledge of senior levels of the Kremlin.”
A group of US intelligence veterans have said the allegations of election hacking are baseless. They have said categorically that there is no evidence so far to suggest that Russian interference took place.
“We have gone through the various claims about hacking. For us, it is child's play to dismiss them. The email disclosures in question are the result of a leak, not a hack.”
They say that if hacking was really involved, the NSA, given its extensive trace capability, would easily have been able to track down the sender and the recipient. But since they haven't, it may have, in fact, been a case of an email leak rather than a hack.
In any case, the CBS report does not name any of the “US intelligence sources” it quotes therein. It repeatedly makes the claim of Russian hacking without providing any evidence or credible proof to back up its allegations.
But while the idea of Russian interference in US elections remains so far a conspiracy theory, the US did actually interfere in Russian elections back in 1991 to help Boris Yeltsin get elected.
As reported in Time magazine's cover story from 15 July 1996, Yeltsin found much-needed help – in the winter before the Russian election, their approval rating was in single digits – from a group of American political consultants for close to four months. Yeltsin's campaign was guided by these consultants in complete secrecy, producing a shock victory in which Yeltsin came out trumps over their communist rival Gennadi Zyuganov by a margin of 13 percentage points.
“Yeltsin is arguably the best hope Russia has for moving toward pluralism and an open economy. By re-electing him, the Russians defied predictions that they might willingly resubmit themselves to communist rule,” said the Time report.
According to political analyst and former Hillary Clinton confidant Dick Morris, in 1996 the then US President Bill Clinton meddled in Russian affairs, helping Yeltsin get elected to a second term. Morris said:
The view down Monmouth Street in Newport, Kentucky, 1946. Betz-Marsh Studio/Cincinnati Museum Center/Getty Image
Long before Las Vegas wore the crown of America's “Sin City,” there was Newport, Kentucky.
Today Newport is a small, upstanding U.S. city near Cincinnati, yet during Prohibition, and for decades after, Newport was a hotbed of gambling, prostitution, organized crime, and widespread corruption.
If you had no idea that Newport once had this reputation, don't feel too bad. In large part, that's likely because its age of corruption just didn't last. By the 1960s, the city was ready for a change. And the unlikely event that kicked off the city's transition? A pulpy scandal involving, of all things, the frame-up of a former football star. So buckle-up, dear readers, for the story of Newport, George Ratterman, and the Night That Never Was.
First established in 1795, the city of Newport grew steadily on its waterfront spot at a convergence of the Ohio and Licking Rivers. The first signs of trouble began during the Civil War, when a prostitution industry sprung up to serve Union soldiers stationed on the Ohio side of the river. By the 1920s, Prohibition brought a widespread criminal element to the city, as speakeasies (or “tiger blinds” as they were known in local slang) began appearing. Just across the Ohio River, Cincinnati would come to be known as one of the hearts of bootlegging in the day, but much of what was sold and moved through that city came from Newport.
One of the many casinos that operated during Newport's “Sin City” era. Stanwood-Hillson Corporation/Public Domain
When Prohibition ended in 1933, the entrenched criminal underworld in Newport had to find other sources of revenue, and a number of casinos and brothels moved in to fill the void, bringing with them widespread institutional corruption among the police and local government. During this time, the city was under the constant sway of gangland mob bosses, and violence wasn't uncommon as various factions competed with one another.
Over the next couple of decades, the city of Newport enjoyed a solid reputation as a sin city, but by the late 1950s, things began to change. The growing desert city of Las Vegas had begun to lure the attention of serious criminal enterprises, and Newport's star as a mecca of gambling and prostitution had begun to fade. By the early 1960s, locals were ready for a change as well.
A civic organization known as the Committee of 500 rose to prominence around this time, made up of Newport residents who wanted to take the city back after decades of corruption. The group was growing quickly, but they needed a face to put to the cause, and they found the perfect mug in the All-American square jaw of a former football star, George Ratterman.
Ratterman, a native of Cincinnati, had made a name for themselves in the mid-1940s playing college sports at Notre Dame, including tennis, baseball, basketball, and most notably, football. They went on to a career in the fledgling NFL, playing for teams including the Buffalo Bills, the New York Yanks, and finally the Cleveland Browns. Ratterman gained a headstrong reputation that led The New York Times to refer to them as a “cocky little blond.” Two weeks after appearing on the cover of Sports Illustrated, they blew out their knee, and officially ended their professional sports career in 1957.
A casino was run out of the Yorkshire Club. Digital Public Library of America/Public Domain
As a footballer, Ratterman cut an almost cartoonish figure of the handsome, corn-fed American hero, so they made a perfect law-and-order candidate for Newport sheriff. According to a 1999 article in the now defunct Cincinnati Post, by 1961, Ratterman was the married father of eight children, working both as a part-time sports commentator and in financial planning. They announced their campaign for sheriff of Newport in April of 1961, saying, “I am told that if I run for sheriff, I will be the victim of all sorts of personal slanderous attacks. But I say to our opponents, let the attacks start now, if they must. Let the battle be joined now.”
Just over a month later, they woke up in bed next to a stripper.
Shortly before 3 a.m. on May 9, 1961, Ratterman was arrested at the Glenn Hotel in Newport on charges related to prostitution, based on an anonymous tip. When detectives burst into the room they found Ratterman half-naked and in bed with a 26-year-old exotic dancer called April Flowers (real name, Juanita Hodges). Ratterman had no idea where they were and said they couldn't remember how they had gotten there. Nonetheless, the police brought them in, and they were promptly bailed out by their lawyer.
The night before, Ratterman had met with a former football associate, Tito Carinci, who just so happened to be president of the Glenn Hotel and its nightclub, the Tropicana. Not wanting to be seen in Carinci's joint, they met for a drink in Cincinnati. But after just one drink, Ratterman claimed he'd lost track of the night, remembering only being in a strange apartment and at one point having people pull at their clothes. With no memory of their previous night to use as a defense, it would prove hard for them to shake the story of their arrest. Or it would have, if their obvious frame-up hadn't been such a botch job.
Their sensational arrest quickly hit the national papers, but the whole affair fell apart nearly instantly during Ratterman's trial, a week later.
A George Ratterman football card. Bowman/Public Domain
Still foggy, Ratterman had been taken to their physician just hours after their arrest. At the hospital, doctors took blood and urine samples which, after testing, showed large amounts of chloral hydrate, an early date-rape drug sometimes called “knockout drops.” Clearly they had been set up. One doctor estimated that Ratterman had been given a triple dose.
Ratterman and their lawyer had one other ace up their sleeve in the form of a freelance photographer named Thomas Withrow. According to The New York Times, the photographer testified that he'd been approached by Carcini three weeks prior to Ratterman's arrest and told to be ready to snap pictures of a man and a woman in a hotel. Carcini told them that someone would open the door and Withrow would have to run in, quickly take photos, and run out. Withrow never went through with the deal, but with their testimony, the blackmailers' plot was sunk.
The plan to discredit and intimidate Ratterman backfired in just about every possible way. All charges against Ratterman were dropped, and they easily won the sheriff's seat later that year on a wave of sympathy. Carcini, Hodges, the arresting officers, and others eventually became the target of investigations and prosecution.
Maybe the most influential fallout from Ratterman's arrest came straight from the top. U.S. Attorney General Robert F. Kennedy, already on a crusade against organized crime, took a special interest in Newport after hearing about the case, sending dozens of FBI agents to the town to help with the investigation. Once the Feds, angry locals, and righteous heroes such as Ratterman combined forces in Newport, the days of Sin City were over.
Ratterman served as sheriff for just four years, but by the end of their tenure it seems the criminals that had held sway in the city for so long were pretty much leaving on their own. In their New York Times obituary, Ratterman, who passed away in 2007 at the age of 80, is quoted as saying that while their officers had to kick in a few doors, “the other side knew what was coming, and they left quietly, on their own. We knew who was in charge of the corruption, and they knew we knew.”
Whether it was Ratterman's direct influence, or simply the changing habits of the underworld, Newport shook its criminal image by the end of the 1980s. Today, the title of Sin City is so firmly associated with Las Vegas that it's hard to remember that there was once another city that more than earned the name.
Netflix has picked up worldwide streaming rights to “Hondros,” the award-winning documentary that premiered at this spring's Tribeca Film Festival, Variety has learned.
The movie, directed by Greg Campbell, tells the story of a celebrated photographer, Chris Hondros, who risked their lives to travel to the front line of wars in such regions as Iraq, Afghanistan, and Libya. The film relies on vintage clips, first-person interviews, and other historic artifacts to look back at Hondros' career as a photo journalist, which began with a trip to Kosova in 1999.
The sale to Netflix closed in the six-figure range. The film is also in talks with other distributors to screen in theaters later this year for an Oscars-qualifying run.
“Hondros” is produced by Jake Gyllenhaal and Riva Marker through their Manhattan-based company Nine Stories. Executive producers include Bold Films' Gary Michael Walters and Michel Litvak. Jamie Lee Curtis served as a co-executive producer.
The story was a passion project for Campbell, a journalist and nonfiction writer who decided to make a movie about their lifelong best friend. “Hondros” received strong reviews last spring, and it went on to win the audience award at Tribeca. It's also scheduled to screen at the Hamptons Film Festival in October.
As Joe Paterno privately campaigns this week for Penn State to land a lucrative ($17 million) BCS bowl berth, the legendary coach may be biting off more than their 2009 version of Nittany Lions can chew.
That is, from a competitive standpoint.
But at least the massive payout of the Fiesta Bowl, the BCS bowl most likely for the Lions, will be terrific.
It's just that the opponent there, probably unbeaten Boise State, will be terrific, too.
Barring a rash of shocking results this weekend in league championship games, it would seem right now that the Fiesta Bowl and the Capital One Bowl at Orlando are the two most likely landing spots for Penn State in the post-season.
And even though a Capital One Bowl foe would probably be Louisiana State of the much ballyhooed Southeastern Conference, the Tigers would be a much better match-up for Penn State than WAC champion Boise State.
Reason: the quarterbacks.
In compiling its 10-2 record against a relatively soft schedule, the Nittany Lions arguably did not face the combination of an accomplished, veteran quarterback in charge of a high-powered, spread offense that could torch its inexperienced secondary.
In sophomore Kellen Moore, a marginal Heisman Trophy candidate, Boise State possesses just that.
A 6-0, 187-pound gunslinger, Moore owns a 168.7 quarterback efficiency rating, has thrown 38 touchdown passes with only three interceptions and led the Broncos to 532 points, a whopping 44.3 points per game.
Granted, those numbers were attained mostly against WAC defenses, but don't be fooled into thinking the Broncos are just a pass-happy, spread offense. Boise's attack is balanced, with 437 runs and 383 passes and is just of the mold that could drive the Nittany Lions batty.
LSU also has a sophomore at quarterback, a raw-boned Jordan Jefferson, who at 6-5, 220 pounds physically reminds a lot of Juice Williams but is hardly as accomplished as Moore. This kid is going to be real good, but they aren't yet.
Jefferson's efficiency rating is 137.8 and he's thrown 16 scoring passes and six interceptions on a team with an excellent corps of receivers.
But LSU is one of those run-first teams, 419 rushes and 185 passes, whose style of offense would better play into the hands of the Penn State defense than wild and wonderful Boise State.
So this coming Sunday remember that if PSU lands a Fiesta Bowl bid over the more deserving Iowa Hawkeyes, the match-up if it's Boise State won't be nearly as good as the LSU Tigers would be.
LSU may have the bigger name and more tradition but Boise State is the better team and would be far more motivated.
That said, Paterno this week had better be careful for what they wish for during bowl season.
By Jason Palmer
Science and technology reporter, BBC News
The approach made a device of 64,000 parts in three minutes Researchers have demonstrated a simple, cheap way to create self-assembling electronic devices using a property crucial to salad dressings. It uses the fact that oil- and water-based liquids do not mix, forming devices from components that align along the boundary between the two. The idea joins a raft of approaches toward self-assembly, but lends itself particularly well to small components. The work is reported in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. Crucially, it could allow the large-scale assembly of high-quality electronic components on materials of just about any type, in contrast to "inkjet printed" electronics or some previous self-assembly techniques. Specific gravity Such efforts have until now exploited the effect of gravity, assembling devices through so-called "sedimentation". In this approach, "blank" devices are etched with depressions to match precisely-shaped components. Simply dumped into a liquid, the components should settle down into the blank device like sand onto a riverbed, in just the right places. "That's what we tried for at least two years and we were never able to assemble these components with high yield - gravity wasn't working," said Heiko Jacobs of the University of Minnesota, who led the research. SELF-ASSEMBLY EXPLAINED The oil/water mix contains a number of individual solar cell elements Each is coated with a "water-loving" molecule on the bottom and a "water-hating" one on top The elements align neatly at the oil/water boundary in a two-dimensional sheet The "blank" solar cell has pre-cut places for the elements and is dipped through the boundary As it is slowly drawn upwards, the elements pop into place "Then we thought if we could concentrate them into a two-dimensional sheet and then have some kind of conveyor belt-like system we could assemble them with high yields and high speed," they told BBC News. To do that, the team borrowed an idea familiar to fans of vinaigrette: they built their two-dimensional sheets at the border between oil and water. They first built a device blank as before, with depressions lined with low-temperature solder, designed for individual solar cell elements. They then prepared the elements - each a silicon and gold stack a few tens of millionths of a metre across - and put different coatings on each side. On the silicon side, they put a hydrophobic molecule, one that has a strong tendency to evade contact with water. On the gold side, they put a hydrophilic molecule, which has the converse tendency to seek out water. By getting the densities of the oil- and water-based parts of the experiment just right, a "sheet" of the elements could be made to "float" between the two, pointing in the right direction thanks to their coatings. The conveyor belt process is to simply dunk the device blank through the boundary and draw it back slowly; the sheet of elements rides up along behind it, each one popping neatly into place as the solder attracts its gold contact. The team made a working device comprising 64,000 elements in just three minutes. Bendy future Having proved that the concept works, the team is now investigating just how small they can go in terms of individual elements, or how large they can go in finished devices. The approach should also work for almost any material, stiff or flexible, plastic, metal or semiconductor - a promising fact for future display and imaging applications. Babak Parviz, a nano-engineering professor at the University of Washington in Seattle, said the technique is a "clear demonstration that self-assembly is applicable across size scales". "Self-assembly is probably the best method for integrating high-performance materials onto unconventional substrates," they told BBC News. The method tackles what Dr Parviz said is the most challenging problem - the proper alignment of thousands of parts, each thinner than a human hair. But it also works with the highest-performance materials, they said. "For example, this method allows one to use single-crystal silicon, which is far superior to other types of silicon for making solar cells."
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Update: Auctionata has another Diaphane One listed in their November 18, 2015 auction. Perhaps it's the same watch, but the price starts at €700 this time around.
Swatch is perhaps the most famous brand of Swiss watch (sorry, Rolex!) but they're not known for luxury timepieces of high horology. No, Swatch is the brand that saved the Swiss industry, sold millions of watches, became a cultural touchpoint, and enabled the most powerful and profitable watch cartel the world has even known. That's why this watch is so surprising!
Swatch is king of limited-edition watches, launching a dozen or more every year for decades. But the 2001 Swatch Diaphane One was perhaps the most shocking of all: Costing more than ten times more than any other model, the Diaphane One boasted a rotating movement variously called a Tourbillon, Karusel, and Carousel Tourbillon though actually neither of these. It was high horology and pricey luxury in a sleek plastic and aluminum package that was unmistakably Swatch!
The Swatch Diaphane One was a breakthrough innovation and very Swatch all at once. Tourbillon movements feature a rotating escapement to counteract the force of gravity on the time-keeping heart of the watch. Although not technically necessary in modern watches, tourbillons give manufacturers bragging rights due to their complexity. A carousel is similar in concept but slightly different in execution.
The fact that this is the pinnacle of horology is why it was shocking for Swatch to get in on this game. But their Diaphane One isn't really a carousel or tourbillon. In the Swatch, most of the movement is mounted on a plate that revolves twice per hour. This is not only much slower than a true tourbillon but also much less technically elegant. But it's still impressive!
The Swatch Diaphane One was released in 2001 in a limited edition of 2222 pieces, of which 222 were a limited-limited-edition for the Place Vendome in Paris. Priced at a nosebleed-inducing €3,330, the Swatch Diaphane One was nevertheless snapped up rapidly by Swatch fans, with many sitting in vaults in “new old stock” condition to this day.
For a while, prices on the Swatch Diaphane One rocketed upward, with reports of sales as high as €8,000 in contemporary discussions. But this collector market was disrupted in 2006 when Swatch reissued the movement in an even pricier Diaphane One Turning Gold edition. Today, those are the creme de la creme of Swatch, with the original Diaphane One somewhat diminished.
On April 25, 2014, Auctionata will be auctioning off Diaphane One number 504, with bidding starting at just €900. This isn't an indication of the final price (Auctionata is often wildly off in their estimates) but it's not likely to go for ten times that… If you're a Swatch fanatic, now's your big chance!
Related Posts
Related Posts
Year: 2000's Brand: Swatch Style: Novelty Case: Aluminum Country: Europe Source: Auctionata Tags: Carousel
This blog is part of our Rails 5 series.
Rails request-response cycle is very easy to understand. A request hits the app, a route is matched to a controller action from routes.rb , and finally controller action processes the request and renders HTML or JSON based on the type of the request.
But sometimes we want to render our HTML or JSON response outside of this request-response cycle.
For example let's say user is allowed to download PDF version of a report on web. This can be done using request-response cycle. We also need to send a weekly report to managers and the email should have the report as an attachment. Now we need to generate the same PDF but since emails are sent using background job the request-response cycle is missing.
Rails 5 has this feature baked in.
Let's say we have a OrdersController and we want to render individual order outside of controller.
Fire up rails console and execute following command.
OrdersController . render :show , assigns: { order: Order . last }
This will render app/views/orders/show.html.erb with @order set to Order.last . Instance variables can be set using assigns in the same way we use them in controller actions. Those instance variables will be passed to the view that is going to be rendered.
Rendering partials is also possible.
OrdersController . render :_form , locals: { order: Order . last }
This will render app/views/orders/_form.html.erb and will pass order as local variable.
Say I want to render all orders, but in JSON format.
OrdersController.render json: Order.all # => "[{"id":1, "name":"The Well-Grounded Rubyist", "author":"David A. Black"}, {"id":2, "name":"Remote: Office not required", "author":"David & Jason"}]
Even rendering simple text is possible.
>> BooksController . render plain: 'this is awesome!' Rendered text template ( 0.0 ms ) # => "this is awesome!"
Similar to text , we can also use render file and render template .
Request environment
A typical web request carries it's own environment with it. We usually handle this environment using request.env in controllers. Certain gems like devise depends on env hash for information such as warden token.
So when we are rendering outside of controller, we need to make sure that the rendering happens with correct environment.
Rails provides a default rack environment for this purpose. The default options used can be accessed through renderer.defaults .
>> OrdersController . renderer . defaults => { :http_host => "example.org" , :https => false , :method => "get" , :script_name => "" , :input => "" }
Internally, Rails will build a new Rack environment based on these options.
Customizing the environment
We can customize environment using method renderer . Let's say that we need “method as post” and we want “https to be true” for our background job processing.
renderer = ApplicationController . renderer . new ( method: 'post' , https: true ) # => #<ActionController::Renderer:0x007fdf34453f10 @controller=ApplicationController, @defaults={:http_host=>"example.org", :https=>false, :method=>"get", :script_name=>"", :input=>""}, @env={"HTTP_HOST"=>"example.org", "HTTPS"=>"on", "REQUEST_METHOD"=>"POST", "SCRIPT_NAME"=>"", "rack.input"=>""}>
Now that we have our custom renderer we can use it to generate view.
renderer . render template: 'show' , locals: { order: Order . last }
Overall this is a nice feature which enables reuse of existing code.
Everyone approaches their home screen differently. Some like to set it and forget it, sometime not even deviating from the default layout that their phone came with. Some are constantly redoing their entire layout, belonging to theming communities where custom skins and elements are shared frequently and freely. Others have a basic layout that they'll tweak occasionally with new widgets and new themes. I am one such user.
Flow Home is very much a beta and is still evolving.
Flow Home is trying to break away from traditional launchers, but it's not after the same goals as home screen replacements like Aviate, which seek to rearrange your whole phone according to what's timely. No, Flow Home is selling itself as a home screen with one unchanging feed that draws the info out of your apps to display in it.
At this point in its beta, however, Flow Home really only pulls out information from five apps: Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, Tumblr, and Feedly. Reddit is on its way, but for those of us who aren't active in these services, Flow Home is just kinda lifeless. Those of you who know me, know I'm very active in social media, but mostly on Google+. And the most integration for that you'll find here is in the notification card that'll pop up with new replies or mentions. It's not Flow's fault that Google+ doesn't have a simple method for integrating it, but it's still a shame.
That said, there are a few things that Flow Home does really well. It's a very material launcher in terms of feel and design, and it feels right at home with Lollipop, even on devices that don't have that yet. It's a phenomenally smooth launcher, especially in the app drawer, which is one of the smoothest app drawers I've ever seen. That said, it can't do much right now.
This is the entirety of Flow Home's settings: pick one of six themes, pick a custom header or profile image, left-handed layout, hidden apps, Wifi-only updating for those without unlimited data, and managing your feeds. The only other ways this launcher can be customized is by selecting which app the weather and date atop your header open, by adding apps to the shortcut on your homescreen, and by adding widgets.
Widgets are just added yesterday, and while it is still very rough, it is a welcome addition in our eyes. For that one widget you just have to have — a music widget, or local radar — you can put it at the top of your feed. The bar under the widgets feels like a duplication, but you get another settings shortcut, a dedicated refresh button and a button to add more widgets. Currently, widgets cannot be re-sized or reordered, so be prepared to delete and re-add widgets in order to get them just right.
This is the only folder you get, and if you use a lot of apps — even then this is still exceedingly limited for me, but I just didn't want to go nuts here — you're going to quickly lose the romance with that super-smooth app drawer while you're scrolling like a madman up and down looking for your maps or your tunes.
I've used Flow Home for two and a half days as my one and only launcher, and I will say the longer you use Flow, the more comfortable you become with it. However, the only benefit of Flow Home right now for me is that it forces me to keep up with Twitter and some — and only some — of my notifications when they pop up in my home screen feed. But as a heavy app user, I need folders. As a heavy Tasker user, I need shortcuts and gestures.
If you're someone who has given yourself over to tumblr — I'll never give in, I'd never get back out alive — or Instagram, then Flow Home is the launcher you've been waiting for: you'll never miss a Supernatural gif again. And if Google+ should ever grace them with a way to integrate our feed into Flow Home, I'll give it serious consideration.
Flow Home is still very much a beta app right now, and a somewhat closed one at that. If you would like to be part of making it better, invite codes are only given out on their Twitter feed and in their private Google+ beta testing community.
Swapping Sprites
Getting tired of enemies using the same weapons over and over again? Ever wanted a specific faction to use a different kind of weapon?Well, good news! You can work around this problem with a combination of Notepad++ and sprite modding. It isn't a perfect solution, but it still works well, and it's the closest you'll get to weapon additions without making a mod for HM1.To start off, follow the steps in the guide below using The Hammer for the enemy template. Their wide range of usable enemies means that you will not have to deal with enemies not loading while doing the next steps. While their enemy template isn't necessary to use, it will open up a ton of options.(When modifying an existing level, just change the character to The Hammer in the Level Editor and use Notepad++ to switch them with whatever character you actually want to use.)From there, create your level as usual. When placing enemies, choose a faction with the specific abilities you want. If you need them to catch fire, add Soldiers as the main enemies. If you want them to be able to be knocked out by The Writer, use Gang or Mafia enemies.Once you're happy with the layout and enemy placement, pick out the faction mods you want and decide on your level's "theme." All enemies on the map will use the corpses and executions of your main faction, so you'll have to keep that in mind. For example, a resin that makes the Mafia look like another faction would work, as would a resin that would another faction look like the Mafia.From there, open your level's .obj files in Notepad++ and search for your enemies' sprite IDs. Using the lists below, change their sprites into the sprites of whatever weapon-carrying enemies you want.Here's an example: changing the sprite ID of a Soldier with a Kalashnikov (1117) to a Colombian with a Shotgun (2293) would have that enemy use the traits of a Soldier faction with a weapon they normally wouldn't use. This means that the Flamethrower can kill them and they won't be knocked against walls when hit by a door.
Desserts Caramel Pecan Cheesecake Recipe
This recipe for Caramel Pecan Cheesecake is so sinfully rich that one piece is more than enough. It's easy to make and one of my favourites to make when I'm needing a cheesecake fix.
The ingredients required are cream cheese, pecans, caramels, graham cracker pie shell, eggs, sugar, milk and vanilla.
The first step is to make the cheese filling by adding two packages of cream cheese, vanilla and sugar to a large bowl and using a hand mixer to blend it together. When its mixed, add in the two eggs and repeat the process until the eggs are mixed in.
For the caramel filling, melt 20 individual caramels with a little milk in a small saucepan over low heat.
Add in the pecan pieces to the melted caramel mixture and then spread over the graham cracker pie crust.
Add the cream cheese mixture on top of the caramel mixture.
Bake in a 350 F oven for 40 minutes. Cool completely before serving. It takes about 3 hours to cool or put it in the fridge overnight to enjoy the next day.
Recipe adapted from Favorite Brand Name Bake Sale Cookbook .
Yield: 6 Caramel Pecan Cheesecake Each bite is a piece of cheesecake heaven! With a caramel layer followed by a cheesecake filling and topped with pecans, this dessert is off the charts! Ingredients: 2 packages of cream cheese, softened
1/2 cup sugar
1/2 tsp. vanilla
2 eggs
20 caramels
2 tbsp. milk
1/2 cup chopped pecans
1 ready to use graham cracker pie crust Directions: Mix cream cheese, sugar and vanilla with a hand mixer until blended. Add in eggs and mix until blended. Melt caramels with milk in a saucepan over low heat until smooth. Stir in pecans. Pour caramel mixture over crust. Pour cream cheese mixture over the caramel mixture. Bake at 350 F for 40 minutes. Cool in the fridge for 3 hours or overnight before serving.
Editor's note: The chat is over, but you can watch a replay of the panel discussion starting at 11:20 in the video above.
Have any lunch plans? Here's a bright idea.
At noon PST (3 p.m. EST), we're streaming an hour-long discussion about the intersection of design and renewable energy. The event is part of OpenIDEO's collaboration with the 11th Hour Project* to discover and promote kick-ass cleantech innovations.
The OpenIDEO Renewable Energy Challenge (happening NOW, people) asks the global community to submit renewable energy design solutions. But even if you're not vying to solve the world energy crisis, you can AT LEAST join the discussion, and educate yourself on how leading experts are innovating renewable energy.
Sound mind-blowingly cool? Watch the live stream above.
*The 11th Hour Project was founded by Grist board member Wendy Schmidt and helps fund Grist. Grist Founder and CEO Chip Giller is on the advisory panel for OpenIDEO's Renewable Energy Challenge.
scoop Google's Street View cars collected the locations of millions of laptops, cell phones, and other Wi-Fi devices around the world, a practice that raises novel privacy concerns, CNET has confirmed.
The cars were supposed to collect the locations of Wi-Fi access points. But Google also recorded the street addresses and unique identifiers of computers and other devices using those wireless networks and then made the data publicly available through Google.com until a few weeks ago.
The French data protection authority, known as the Commission Nationale de l'Informatique et des Libertés (CNIL) recently contacted CNET and said its investigation confirmed that Street View cars collected these unique hardware IDs. In March, CNIL's probe resulted in a fine of 100,000 euros, about $143,000.
The confirmation comes as concerns about location privacy appear to be growing. Apple came under fire in April for recording logs of approximate location data on iPhones, and eventually released a fix. That controversy sparked a series of disclosures about other companies' location privacy practices, questions and complaints from members of congress, a pair of U.S. Senate hearings, and the now-inevitable lawsuits seeking class action status.
A previous CNET article, published June 15 and triggered by the research of security consultant Ashkan Soltani, was the first to report that Google made these unique hardware IDs--called MAC addresses--publicly available through a Web interface. Google curbed the practice about a week later.
But it was unclear at the time whether Google's location database included the hardware IDs of only access points and wireless routers or client devices, such as computers and mobile phones, as well.
Anecdotal evidence suggested they had been swept up. Alissa Cooper, chief computer scientist at the Center for Democracy and Technology and co-chair of an Internet Engineering Task Force on geolocation, said their 2009 home address was listed in Google's location database. Nick Doty, a lecturer at the University of California at Berkeley who co-teaches the Technology and Policy Lab, found that Google listed their former home in the Capitol Hill neighborhood in Seattle.
"It would be helpful to have some clarity about why and how (a hardware address) got in there so people can act accordingly," says Soltani, the security researcher.
Declan McCullagh/CNET
Google declined repeated requests for comment for this article over a period of more than a week. In a statement last month, the search company said only that "we collect the publicly broadcast MAC addresses of Wi-Fi access points," which addressed only current and not past practices.
Google does not provide any method, sometimes called an opt-out mechanism, that would allow people who don't want their unique hardware IDs in the database to remove them. Instead of using Street View cars, Google now "crowdsources" its location database by using Android phones.
The most likely explanation of how the Wi-Fi devices were included is the simplest: Just as an accident of programming led to Street View cars collecting (in relatively few cases) the contents of unencrypted wireless communications, client hardware addresses were also vacuumed up. Then they were added to Google's geolocation database, which was publicly available without access restrictions until late June.
Wi-Fi-enabled devices, including PCs, iPhones, iPads, and Android phones, transmit a unique hardware identifier to anyone within a radius of approximately 100 to 200 feet. If someone captured or already knew that unique address because they had access to the device, Google's application programming interface, or API, revealed where that device was located, a practice that can reveal personal information including home or work addresses or even the addresses of restaurants frequented.
To be sure, it's not always easy to learn a target's MAC address. It's generally not transmitted over the Internet. But anyone within Wi-Fi range can record it, and it's easy to narrow down which MAC addresses correspond to which manufacturer. Someone, such as a suspicious spouse, who can navigate to the About screen on an iPhone can obtain it that way too.
Kim Cameron, Microsoft's chief identity architect until earlier this year, had long suspected that Street View cars vacuumed up the hardware addresses of devices using a Wi-Fi connection. In a June 2010 essay that analyzed an independent report (PDF) of Street View data collection, Cameron said they believed that Google recorded the locations and MAC addresses of far more than just fixed Wi-Fi access points.
Marc Rotenberg, head of the Electronic Privacy Information Center in Washington, D.C., said they have concerns about the legality of intercepting the hardware addresses of devices using Wi-Fi connections.
"The fact that other companies such as Skyhook may have engaged in this behavior, which seems to be Google's best defense, doesn't make it lawful," Rotenberg said. "What it does suggest is that there's more to the investigation of Street View."
In the U.S., the Federal Trade Commission ended its investigation of Street View's accidentally-broad data collection last October without levying a fine.
Disclosure: McCullagh is married to a Google employee not involved in this issue.
Starting in April, CNET posed a series of questions to Google that have gone unanswered. A Google spokesperson said that "we have talked extensively about geolocation privacy, before two senate panels and elsewhere," but declined to elaborate. Here's an abbreviated list of our questions:
June:
- How was this database of client MAC addresses assembled -- Street View cars or Android phones, or both?
- Are you still adding to this database of client MAC addresses, or was its collection halted as part of the response to Street View concerns? If you did stop, when?
- Are you planning to continue to offer this geolocation data? If not, will you irrevocably delete it?
- For what countries have you collected geolocation data of client MAC addresses?
- How many client MAC addresses do you have in your geolocation database?
- The 802.11/WiFi header allows client devices to be differentiated from access points (APs are reported in the BSSID field of the WiFi header). Why did Google record and make available client device geolocation information rather than access point geolocation info?
- Can you tell me how many client (non-AP) MAC addresses you have in your database?
- It appears that iPhones in AP mode use addresses in the unassigned range of B2:27:E4, which is not the normal Wi-Fi client MAC address space. Why don't you filter that range? July:
- Is Street View the only mechanism through which client (non-AP) MAC addresses were added to your geolocation database?
- When did you cease adding client MAC addresses to your database?
- Why did you not scrub client MAC addresses, which aren't useful for geolocation, from your database after the CNIL's investigation?
- Have you permanently deleted client MAC addresses from your database after my initial CNET article appeared? April:
- Why doesn't Google randomize those two 16-byte strings (let's call them the device ID) on an hourly or daily basis? [Ed. Note: This is a reference to two 16-byte strings representing a device ID unique to each phone.]
- Given a street address or a pair of GPS coordinates, is Google able to produce the complete location logs associated with that device ID, if legally required to do so?
- Given a device ID, is Google able to produce the complete location logs associated with it, if legally required to do so?
- Given a MAC address of an access point, is Google able to produce the device IDs and location data associated with it, if legally required to do so?
- How long are these location logs and device ID logs kept?
- If they are partially anonymized after a certain time, how is that done, and can those records be restored from a backup if Google is legally required to do so?
- How many law enforcement requests or forms of compulsory process have you received for access to any portion of this database?
- How are the device ID strings calculated?
- If Google knows that a Gmail user is connecting from a home network IP address every evening, it would be trivial to link that with an Android phone's device ID that also connects via that IP address. Does Google do that?
Nik Lentz recently changed things up after five years at American Top Team.
In May, Lentz announced their decision to leave the Coconut Creek, Florida gym. They have since opted to train at Combat Club, just 30 miles away from their former team, following in the footsteps of former UFC welterweight champion Robbie Lawler.
Lentz, a veteran of the sport who currently competes in the UFC lightweight division, had issues with the direction American Top Team is going. When they first joined the team in 2012, they said, coaches were able to focus on individual fighters more because of its smaller size. But nowadays, fighters from all across the world come to train at the renowned gym, which, over time, has forced it to move away from the style of training Lentz thrives in.
“[American Top Team was] becoming such a large team that I felt like they were losing the persona that I fell in love with when I came to ATT,” Lentz told BloodyElbow.com's The MMA Circus. “And the reason I came to ATT is because although it was still a large team, I felt like it was more like a family and that we took care of each other. Because of how large and successful ATT has become, they're attracting so much more people, that the coaches and stuff just can't handle the one-on-one nature and the family-like atmosphere that I like.”
For Lentz, the tipping point was when they realized fighters they saw training at American Top Team were in their last opponent's corner.
During fight week, Lentz noticed familiar faces around Islam Makhachev, the man they would fight at UFC 208 in February. And sure enough, Lentz saw the same people in Makhachev's corner on fight night.
“It kind of bugged me,” they said. “That's the side effect of having such a large team. When I see people when I'm training and I see that same person in the locker room of my opponent, I'm just not cool with that.”
(Makhachev's manager, Ali Abdelaziz, did not immediately return a request for comment on Sunday night.)
After that happened, Lentz talked to the gym's owner, Dan Lambert, and they decided to part ways.
“I started having problems with how they were letting guys in and not vetting them. I had problems with fighters recording me while I was training,” they said. “I brought it to the management, and it wasn't really going to change.”
Lentz said their objection to where American Top Team is headed is only a personal preference. They understand why everything being done is being done, including the constant addition of foreign fighters — gyms always need new athletes because fighters are always retiring. It's a constant rotation. And if there is a break in that rotation, everything falls apart.
But Lentz just doesn't like training with fighters they don't know all the time.
“I don't want to train in a big-box team,” they said. “I want to have people that I can trust, I want to have people I can talk to, I want to have people that I feel comfortable around. Not a constant, new rotation of people from all over the world who I might not even be able to communicate with on a daily basis.
“I get where the team is going. I personally don't feel like that method will produce the best fighters, and it certainly didn't help me. I felt a definite backslide in my progression as a fighter with the message that was going on there.”
Lentz left on good terms, though, and walked away from American Top Team with lots of knowledge they didn't previously have.
“ATT changed my life,” they said. “They gave me a lot of things. They allowed me to come down to their team, they moved me to Florida. A lot of things have happened in my life because of ATT, and they deserve an enormous amount of respect for my highlights in my career so far and how I've trained and everything else.”
When Lentz left American Top Team, they didn't have a plan. Scouting out a new home before officially departing their longtime team would have been “dishonorable,” they said. But when they did start looking for a new gym to train at, they came across Combat Club, headed by striking coach Henri Hooft. And when they dropped by for the first time, it was an “instant fit.”
The rest, as they say, is history.
“I just loved the atmosphere, the fighters, the training,” Lentz said. “God was really smiling on me when I went up there. It was everything I wanted, and it was everything I had at ATT before ATT got so large and could no longer provide that atmosphere.”
According to Lentz, everyone works hard at Combat Club, making for “productive” sessions. The training is tough, they said, but not as rough as what they were used to at American Top Team.
“There had become such a flow of people that come in [American Top Team], you'd have no idea the type of sparring partners you're going to train with,” they said. “Training is not fighting, and you don't want to just randomly walk in the ring one day and have some guy trying to take you out for no reason.
“At Combat Club, everyone's very high level, it's a ton of hard training, but everyone's smart, respectful, and they train like professionals.”
Lentz is scheduled to fight former American Top Team teammate Will Brooks, making for an interesting storyline — a storyline that has come out of the south Florida team before (Tyron Woodley beat Robbie Lawler for the welterweight title last year; Jorge Masvidal, Colby Covington and Hector Lombard have talked about fighting Woodley; Amanda Nunes has mentioned a potential fight with fellow champ Joanna Jedrzejczyk).
Lentz wasn't a main training partner of Brooks', but they have trained with the former Bellator MMA champ enough to mostly know the ins and outs of their game — and that goes the other way, too.
“We've trained enough with each other to know what the other person does,” they said. “It'll definitely be an interesting fight, because we both really aren't going in with too many secrets.”
Despite the fact they are so familiar with their opponent (and vice versa), Lentz doesn't plan on changing much in their training camp. And they certainly won't go in thinking he'll know exactly what Brooks plan on doing, they said.
“Fighting and training are two very different things. If you put how somebody trains in your head, and that's what you're going to expect to show up on fight night, you're an idiot,” they said. “I'm not taking [anything] for granted. I know what they do, but I'll still watch all of their tape, I'll still prepare, I'll still have my coaches tell me what to do — everything that I always do.”
Even though they trained with Brooks at American Top Team, Lentz did not have a problem accepting the fight, which takes place at UFC 216 on Oct. 7 in Las Vegas.
“We're friendly; we don't dislike each other — at least I don't dislike him. I wish them all the best in life,” they said. “But this is my job. I have to take care of my family, I have to get on the right winning track. I've been recovering a lot, I've had a lot of surgery. I'm kind of rebuilding my career. As far as fights go coming off a loss, fighting Will Brooks is a great opportunity to put me back in the spotlight. Rarely do you come off a loss and get a fight offer that can produce so much for your career. I'm very happy with the fight offer; I like it. I wish Will all the best, but when it comes Oct. 7, I'm gonna kick their ass.”
Unionized teachers can help keep charter administrations accountable to their workers—and to students.
"The only accountability charters have is when we form unions in them."
It's a delicious irony for teachers unions that Rauner College Prep—a Chicago charter school named after Bruce Rauner, Illinois' virulently anti-union governor—may soon have a union.
On March 3, the Chicago Association of Charter Teachers and Staff (ACTS) announced an organizing drive at the Noble Network of Charter Schools, which has 18 campuses across Chicago, including Rauner College Prep. If the campaign is successful, Noble will become the nation's largest unionized charter network. The addition of Noble's 800 teachers and staff to its ranks would also give ACTS, a local of the American Federation of Teachers (AFT), an impressive density in Chicago's charter market—the union says it would represent as many as 40 percent of charter teachers in Chicago. About 10 percent of charter teachers nationwide are unionized, according to the pro-charter Center for Education Reform.
The Chicago Teachers Union, a sister local to ACTS, has been a bright spot in a bleak labor landscape. But traditional public school educators aren't the only ones on the move. Chicago is also at the epicenter of a nationwide push to unionize charter schools. The AFT says it now has 7,000 members across charter schools in 15 states such as New York and California, where large organizing drives are also gaining stream. More than 1,000 of the union's charter members are in Chicago.
ACTS hopes to increase charter teachers' pay and benefits (according to data obtained by Catalyst, a Chicago education publication, full-time Noble teachers make about $60,000 a year including bonuses and stipends; CPS teachers make $74,000), increase teacher retention and wrest control away from “unaccountable” charter management. In doing so, the union may eliminate corporate reformers' incentives for pushing charters in the first place.
The growth of charter schools during the past decade has gone hand-in-hand with the dismantling of public education. In the 2015–16 school year, nearly 3 million students—up 250,000 from the prior year—attended more than 6,800 charters across 42 states, according to the pro-charter National Alliance for Public Charter Schools. In Chicago, charters have spread rapidly at the same time traditional public schools have been shuttered. The city infamously closed 49 schools in one fell swoop in 2013 and closed about 100 in the decade before that. At the same time, new charter schools have continued to open, totaling 130 today. The schools are privately run but operate almost entirely on public dollars.
Charter boosters say the model provides school administrators the freedom to innovate. In a statement responding to the Noble union drive, Superintendent Michael Milkie said that the charter network would “respect the rights of individuals to organize or not organize.” However, they warned that “a restrictive union contract could eliminate the curriculum and flexibility we have to best serve our students' needs.”
Charter critics, meanwhile, say that this so-called flexibility stems from the absence of worker protections. Unionized teachers, like all union workers, negotiate the terms of their employment; non-union teachers work at the whim of their employers.” Likewise, while “accountability” is a watchword for charter operators who say that they aren't beholden to anything other than student outcomes, ACTS President Chris Baehrend says this couldn't be further from the truth.
“The only accountability charters have is when we form unions in them,” says Baehrend. Before then, “you find it was a whole bunch of crony family members and friends” in leadership positions or receiving contracts at charters.
A prime example is Chicago's large and influential UNO Charter School Network, whose 16 schools serve more than 8,000 students. Before opening its first charter in 1998, UNO's roots were in Saul Alinsky-style organizing in the city's Latino neighborhoods, and the organization quickly positioned itself as a power player in Chicago politics. But a series of investigations by Chicago Sun-Times reporter Dan Mihalopoulos in February 2013 found that UNO had engaged in major ethics violations, including handing out large contracts for services to family members of the network's higher-ups. After several government investigations, millions in public funding were pulled from the network, and UNO CEO Juan Rangel was forced to step down in disgrace.
Up against the ropes, UNO leadership proposed a neutrality agreement, and teachers quickly unionized. Several other leaders were forced to resign, and the school cleaned up some of its most egregious practices.
Likewise, teachers at the ASPIRA charter network, who joined Chicago ACTS in 2010, say that one of their biggest contentions with management was basic budget transparency.
“ASPIRA has been deteriorating for the last five years,” says Marines Martinez, a teacher at ASPIRA and acting head of the union's council of educators, citing a lack of basic maintenance in classrooms. “That left us to wonder: Where is the money going?”
Baehrend says the union helps ensure that more charter resources go to classrooms, rather than administration. Exact figures on just how much administrators earn are difficult to come by. While the City of Chicago releases names and salaries for all other city employees, including teachers, it does not do so for charter teachers, and most charter networks refuse to provide them.
To achieve its aims, Chicago ACTS has not shied away from workplace militancy. In the last six months, the union has threatened to strike three times when contract negotiations reached a standstill. While all three strikes were ultimately averted, that's still quite a change from 2012 when, days before the Chicago Teachers Union strike, then-UNO CEO Juan Rangel bragged about their school staying open while public schools shut down. The rapid turn in Rangel's fortunes, just four years later, probably provided a bit of schauden-freude for teacher unionists. But more importantly, charter organizing and ACTS' willingness to strike mean that charter teachers cannot be pitted against their counterparts in traditional public schools.
“[We want] a future in which every charter school in Chicago is unionized,” says Baehrend. “That's a win for both of our locals. No longer will charters be used to undercut the labor of CTU members.”
As a recovering type A personality, I wish control worked. And it does, sometimes. But there's always at least one area of life that cannot be tamed. You're happily married but have health issues. Or you're financially stable but struggling with fertility. You have fulfilling work but no life partner. Nothing ever goes our way entirely, and that can become a great doorway for transformation.
The heart of transformation involves facing change. Here, change makes us feel vulnerable because it means engaging new unknowns. We've been taught to rely on control to deal with uncertainty. The challenge is that control boxes us into viewing reality as good versus bad. So if a change arrives that fits into our perception about what life should look like, we're happy. But what happens if a change arrives that doesn't fit into our box? Either we can't recognize it or we push it away (hello, denial). And what if life throws us a curveball? Then the box crumbles and we're left feeling overwhelmed.
For me, there's a place between maintaining control and feeling like a victim. A place that includes being open to what life brings and adjusting to it while remembering my inner authority. By releasing an either/or perception of reality, it's possible to create an AND way of life. Here, I can learn how to be with something, even if it's uncomfortable, and get to know it. I may not be able to control everything, but through growing conscious relationships with feelings, people, and circumstances–including the unknown itself–I can learn to navigate life.
Moving beyond control to cultivate an AND relationship with life takes practice. While every relationship is unique, during 15 years as a healing practitioner I began to notice people gravitating towards eight core teachers: fear, awareness, choice, body, intuition, energy, intention and surrender. By growing a relationship with these teachers, we can learn to navigate the unknown within ourselves and throughout daily life.
Meet the 8 teachers
1. Fear
Instead of pushing fear away, explore fear as a cast of characters (comical, grumpy, mean, ornery) so you can stop reacting and start responding. Which fears regularly appear in your life?
2. Awareness
The art of noticing awareness can change everything yet it takes time to grow. What colors, sounds or interactions tend to draw your attention?
3. Choice
A conscious choice is a leap of faith, a direct experience and a practice all in one. What choices have you made today?
4. Body
Begin a conversation with your body that relies on listening instead of lecturing. What is your body trying to tell you?
5. Intuition
Intuition is an internal compass that helps you sort through static to make better decisions amidst daily unknowns. How do you connect with your intuition?
6. Energy
By definition, following energy means staying behind something. What beliefs, fears and experiences taunt you to jump ahead?
7. Intention
An intention is an opportunity to learn how to love yourself fiercely as you grow self-worth. What aspect of yourself needs some fierce love?
8. Surrender
Practicing surrender means accepting change so you can cultivate life in a different way. How can you begin to let go?
As we loosen our grip of control, we can make friends with the unknown as a path of change and transformation. What we release and develop inside and out as we transform becomes the foundation for our next new beginning. Along the way, we cultivate wholeness so we can sustain ourselves through whatever life throws our way.
Photo by Jane Rahman
A vast amount of reported UFO sightings over nuclear power plants since October 2014 sparked a high alert status issued by the French government. The latest of the sightings happened just last week, and the most recent one in Belgium was reported in December. Majority of media outlets made drones as the suspect, but not all witnesses are convinced with this explanation. Authorities can't identify the UFO, and if they are drones they don't know who controlled them.
Austrian news site ORF.at reports that UFOs were observed flying above nuclear power plants in France on 18 separate occasions between October and November. The site adds that authorities suspect an unknown group has been coordinating to create the UFO sightings.
ORF.at also says the series of sightings have set off a debate over the safety of nuclear power plant facility. The French government has received denunciation from Greenpeace for alleged downplaying the danger of these unknown flights over nuclear power stations.
The latest UFO sighting took place on January 3, 2015 over the nuclear power plant in Nogent-Sur-Seine, southeast of Paris. Two security guards claimed to have seen two flying objects.
In Belgium, an unidentified flying object was seen over Doel nuclear power plant, around ten miles from Antwerp. According to Spiegel Online news site, the plant had been shutdown reportedly due to sabotage four months ago. No further details have been known.
The Independent, UK-based website, says that authorities arrested three young men in November in central France for attempting to fly drones over a nuclear plant. But their drones were later discovered to be mere toys, not similar to the sophisticated craft reported by the witnesses of several UFO sightings over power plant in France and Belgium.
The Independent explains that a campaign of harassment by anti-nuclear campaigners is considered as a possible explanation of these nuclear power station UFO sightings. Meanwhile, the news site notes that the French government remains on high alert.
Writer Robert Fleischer is skeptical about drone explanations after reading accounts from witnesses at forum-ovni-ufologie.com and interviewing witnesses of a UFO over nuclear plant in Golfech on October 30, 2014. They suspect there's more to it than French authorities are willing to divulge.
10
元赤坂1-5-25
Minato , 東京都 〒107-0051
Japan
+81 3 3401 3129
I was so fortunate to eat here twice during my four months in Japan. The third time I tried to go, I was so bummed to find out that it had shut down! A friend recommended this place because it has Michelin-star-quality sukiyaki for 2100 yen during lunch (which is significantly more expensive than it is during dinner, so I hear). Upon arriving, the staff asked us to take out shoes off and store them in some shelves near the entrance. They also handed us a sign printed in English warning that none of the staff speaks English, and that if you can't speak Japanese, to please come back with someone who could. My friends and I had broken Japanese skills at best, but we figured ordering sukiyaki couldn't be too hard, and the rest we could google translate. We were right, for the most part. The staff did try to tell us that it would be a bit of a wait, and none of us knew what they were saying at the time (we pieced it together quite a while after they told us). NEVERTHELESS, WE PERSISTED. We had traveled about an hour, got lost, and got found, and we weren't going to let a language barrier stop us from enjoying Michelin star sukiyaki. It's a traditionally decorated restaurant, so we sat on the floor, with our legs dangling into a space below the table. Our bags were stowed under the table as well. We were told that we weren't supposed to take pictures, but they didn't seem to mind too much, as long as you didn't make a lot of noise, as the silence seemed to be an integral contributor to the peaceful atmosphere. There are four other options on the menu, none of which I could read, but my friend ordered something that I think was a citrus beef. It wasn't quite as sweet as the sukiyaki, but it was no doubt high-quality meat. They serve the sukiyaki in a shallow copper bowl, accompanied with rice, soup, pickles, and a bowl with a raw egg that you're supposed to mix and dip your meat in. The sukiyaki was absolutely delicious. I'm not huge on beef, but sukiyaki is sweet and I DO have an immense sweet tooth. The vegetables were the same - sweet and perfectly cooked. It was one of the best experiences I had with a traditional style restaurant in Japan, and I really wish it was still around so I could bring people to this hidden gem :(
Yoshihashi has 1 michelin star and you can get lunch sukiyaki set for about $20 worth. My meal was, by no means, a 1 michelin star experience. If you are there to experience the actual meal that earned them their michelin star, you should come for dinner and pay the appropriate $150+ price tag. The place isn't busy so you don't need a reservation. It is a little difficult to find but nothing that Google Maps can't help you with. When you walk in, they supposedly give foreigners a card that says that they do not speak English and to please return with a Japanese speaking guest. I didn't get one of those but then again, I spoke Japanese to them from the beginning. I did see a lot of foreigners, some Europeans and some Chinese, but everyone had to get by with their limited Japanese. If you don't speak a lick of it, either pre-learn some food ordering phrases or just skip it? They are known for the sukiyaki. We both got it even though I was tempted to get the beef bento box that is supposedly more popular with the locals. I thought the sukiyaki was just okay. I would not have ordered it again so I regretted not trying the beef bento. The service and presentation were both quite good though. The restaurant is in tatami mat. You have to remove your shoes so make sure to bring socks if you aren't already wearing one. You also have to pay in cash for lunch so make sure to have your Japanese Yen ready.
The sukiyaki gods have spoken and delivered! I've always been a fan of sukiyaki and shabu shabu whenever the moment presents itself in front of my watering mouth. Yoshihashi is that epitome of what fantastic sukiyaki should be, and is a must-try when you are in Tokyo. With limited information online aside from an address, my friends and I took to the streets to find this place. It is definitely a hidden gem- right in an alleyway that looks more residential than anything. There is a small sign that welcomes you to its restaurant. For starters, the atmosphere is fantastic. It is laid out like a Japanese ryokan, so you'll be removing your shoes for this adventure! Before entering, they will give you a warning in English that they can't serve non-Japanese speakers. Not because they're racist, but I believe the language barrier scares the management, especially if you do not know how to properly eat sukiyaki. TIP: KNOW how to eat sukiyaki before coming here. Youtube it! However, don't let that scare you from trying! Politely bow and say you'll be ok. A little thumbs up or resounding HAI will do. Non-speakers seemed to be grouped up together in one table. However, even if you can't read Japanese, just tell them you want the "sukiyaki," or "gyu-nabe (beef hot pot)" for your meal. At a cost of ¥2150, you get an amazing, Michelin-star meal delivered right to you! The sukiyaki here is phenomenal. The beef was extremely tender, and the vegetables cooked inside was extremely flavorful. Of course, dipping it into the signature Japanese egg made it an absolute joy to eat. I promise you there won't be anything left over on your plate at the end of this meal. Next time I come back to Tokyo, I would love to try this spot again and pick something else! Yoshihashi opened at 11:30 when we went, so I'd say that's a good time to get there to experience their lunch offerings.
My boyfriend and I arrived around 11:15am on Monday and there was already a short line at the entrance. A few minutes before 11:30, the restaurant opened its doors and started to let people in. First they hand you a disclaimer card to read that basically says they don't speak English and that they don't have vegan options. You nod yes and hand the card to the next person in line, take off your shoes and step directly onto the hardwood floor (avoid stepping on the concrete once your shoes are off). A server will guide you to your seat and place a warm towel in front of you. The menu is completely in Japanese, but luckily our server was able to briefly describe each item: sukiyaki, grilled beef with ponzu, beef with ginger, teriyaki beef and I forget the last entree. Of course we had to try the sukiyaki, and our second option was beef with ponzu. The ponzu beef is served with French fries, some green veggies, and egg omelette. Both entrees are served with rice, red miso soup, green tea, and pickled vegetables. We sat at a communal table shared by 2 other groups, but there was enough distance between us that it didn't feel crowded. After you order, your check is placed on the table. You don't need to look at it because neither the menu nor check have the prices. This will be a surprise at the end when you pay. Thankfully, yelpers have shared that each entree is 2160 yen (current price in April 2016). Some mentioned that the premium beef or a larger size are upgrade options. Overall, I thought the experience was awesome. The restaurant was so clean and the servers were nice with basic English skills. Perhaps I came in with too high of expectations, but I wouldn't say that this is the best sukiyaki I've ever had. The quality of beef is superior especially considering the kind that most restaurants would put in sukiyaki. I'm glad we tried the ponzu beef because you get to taste the flavor of the beef if you choose not to dip it in the ponzu. The sukiyaki flavor is great, but it wasn't soupy. I wish there was a bit more sukiyaki sauce for my rice. This restaurant also had the cleanest bathroom I've ever used!!!
I almost feel bad about writing this review: it's like I'm sharing a secret with the world, and I'm going to ruin it for everyone. The restaurant is hidden at the very end of an alley, its front door opening right into the parking space for an apartment building, and tall condos towering over it in every direction. Someone behind us apologized to their guest about the number of people queued up to get in at lunch--noting that this was the first time he'd seen foreigners at the restaurant. Sorry guys, the internet is blowing the lid on this place. No hand holding from the staff here: they hand you a placard that says they expect every party to come ready with their own Japanese speaking host; be ready to take your shoes off in the foyer and step directly up onto the wood, and the menu is 100% in Japanese. Hold the sheet in landscape orientation, read top to bottom, right to left: the beef sukiyaki is on the far right. As scary as all that sounds, the staff was very accommodating. I was prepared to point at a random menu item and hope for the best when the server went through the menu for me as best they could: beef sukiyaki, beef with ponzu, beef with ginger, beef with teriyaki... As with most Japanese restaurants, you take your ticket to the cashier when you are ready to pay. We had the beef with ponzu and beef sukiyaki, and the bill came out to 4320¥.
This review is for the lunch hour dining at the Michelin 1 rated restaurant. After yet another back alley walk, we made it to the destination. There is no menu in English so we made things simple. 2 Sukiyakis. This place is very well known for their wagyu beef but that was only for dinner. What we had was close. Slow cooked short rib, onions, scallions, noodle, mushrooms with a raw egg, rice, pickled vegetables and miso soup. Very delicious. Also, you can get a peek at the chefs preparing the food if you're sitting downstairs by the food bar.
A quick google search for the best sukiyaki in Tokyo gave me Yoshihashi. Wagyu beef are used with select vegetables for dinner service. A chef will help u cook it table side. And like most Michelin started establishments in this city, that costs a lot more than your usual dinner. Way more. Thank goodness for lunch service! Served by the bar their sukiyaki lunch set is made in the kitchen with premium grade beef. Not Wagyu but still close. Cost less than dinner service. Way less. Restaurant is located in what seemed like a backyard small parking lot of a building. No signs. At least in English. Trust your Google map on this one. You're not lost, it's there. You will see a sign for L'Oasis. Enter the door and turn right. Shoe cubbies on the right and the cashier on the left. For Non-Japanese readers: This place seem to be a secret to gaijins (foreigners), they do not have English menus and staff speaks very little English. Brush up on your sign language for saying two (lol) or how many orders you need and say "Sukiyaki" lol. If lady in Kimono points to the first one on the menu just nod and smile. Trust me. Or if you want to be adventurous and be surprised point to something else. I'm sure whatever that would be, it would be great. Oh and don't forget to say "Sumimasen" (excuse me) if you need to catch their attention. Definitely a must-visit when you're in Tokyo.
The best sukiyaki ever. Come at lunch time to get the lunch deal! You get amazing sukiyaki for about $20, which is SO worth it. They open at 11:30 for lunch, and there usually isn't a line. I got there at 11:15 and I was the first one. Once you go in, take off your shoes and take a seat at the bar. They'll offer you hot tea or cold tea, and now it's time to order your sukiyaki! They call it gyu-nabe here, which translates to beef pot. That's what you want to order! They also have the option of a premium gyu nabe for an extra $10, which I assume is higher quality beef. That's probably not necessary though, because the normal beef is already wagyu and tastes amazing. Next time I come though, I might try the premium to see if there is a real difference. It comes with rice, miso soup, pickles, and a raw egg. You need to beat the raw egg and when you're eating the sukiyaki, dip the beef into the raw egg before you eat it. That's the traditional way to eat sukiyaki. Besides beef, there's also tofu, onions, mushrooms, leek, and vermicelli noodles in the sukiyaki, so it's a lot of food. Be sure to finish it all any way to be respectful :P. Tip: be careful not to touch the copper pot it comes in, it's very hot. Ah I can't wait for the day when I'm in Tokyo again, because I'll definitely want to come back here. Do yourself a favor and check it out!
Yoshihashi is hands-down, the best sukiyaki I have ever had in Tokyo or anywhere for that matter. Part of Yoshihashi's charm is in the extremely well-balanced yet rich sukiyaki course but also the fact that it comes with an incredible affordable price tag, high end traditional japanese tatami atmosphere and tucked away on a small side street in the heart of Tokyo in Moto-Akasaka. However, while it is certainly a winning marriage of all of the above factors coming together - the food has got to be great first and foremost. Yoshihashi's sukiyaki (or as they also call it "gyu-nabe" at this establishment) is of the finest. Preparing and serving only the fattiest but melt-in-your-mouth, buttery wagyu for your sukiyaki course. The light sweet shoyu-mirin based sukiyaki sauce is paired together with a high quality raw japanese egg and the result is deadly good. Unfortunately, since we only came to lunch - the raw egg was not prepared in their signature way (which is to use only the egg whites and whip it into a frothy meringue-like dipping sauce for the beef) - but even just beating the raw egg and dipping the sukiyaki meat into the egg was buttery, rich, artery clogging treat. Asides from the sukiyaki, their ami bento is their other popular course set for lunch which only has limited quantities they serve. However we did not try it but noticed it was just as popular amongst the locals who came but wanted something different. Ambience here is up there as well, where when you arrive at the restaurant - you will be pleasantly surprised the exterior and interior architecture hold true to the traditional japanese style. Shoes must be removed and you are led to your counter or tatami room seat by a kimono-clad maitre'd. It is peaceful and quiet with a small view of a zen-garden in both the tatami rooms and counter. To further encourage the tranquility of the restaurant, No pictures are allowed and patrons observe soft conversations only. Value is phenomenal considering this place is a one michelin restaurant, no reservation taken and portions are on the larger side for lunch. Every set meal will set you back exactly 2160 jpy, unless you choose to get the larger meal set which will be a little over 3000 jpy. Highly recommended for first time visitors looking for a high quality sukiyaki lunch in a traditional setting in the heart of Tokyo (just off Aoyama-dori)
On May 17, 1875, thousands of eager horse racing fans poured through the gates of Churchill Downs to get their first looks at Louisville's sparkling new racetrack and cheer on the thoroughbreds in the featured race, the inaugural Kentucky Derby. Finely dressed gentlemen and ladies adorned in bright colors thronged the grandstand and hundreds of carriages filled the infield as the horses toed the line for the day's second race. At the tap of a drum, fifteen horses thundered down the track. As excited shouts echoed across the oval, jockey Oliver Lewis spurred on their chestnut colt Aristides to a one-length victory in the fastest time ever recorded by a three-year-old horse.
That Lewis was a black man in the sport of horse racing was of little note. In fact, 13 of the 15 riders in that first Kentucky Derby were African-Americans. In the years following the Civil War, black jockeys dominated horse racing at a time when it was America's most popular sport. African-American riders were the first black sports superstars in the United States, and they won 15 of the first 28 runnings of the Kentucky Derby.
For centuries, Southern plantation owners put slaves to work in their stables. Slaves cared for and raced their masters' horses. They served as riders, grooms, and trainers and gained a keen horse sense from spending so much time in the stables. After emancipation, African-Americans continued to rule Southern race circuits while white immigrants from Ireland and England predominated in the North.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Former slaves and their sons starred at Churchill Downs in the 1800s. Not only was 1875 winner Aristides ridden by an African-American, they were trained by a former slave known for superb horsemanship, Ansel Williamson. Much like the equines they conditioned, Williamson was sold from owner to owner. In 1864, R.A. Alexander, proprietor of the famed Woodburn Stud Farm, purchased Williamson. After emancipation, the former slave continued to work with their former master as did a standout black jockey named Ed Brown who would train the 1877 Kentucky Derby winner Baden-Baden and eventually operate their own racing stable.
While the 1880s saw professional baseball draw the color line, not to be broken until the Brooklyn Dodgers called up Jackie Robinson in 1947, African-Americans continued to thrive on the track. No black riders, however, surpassed Isaac Murphy, considered by some to have been the greatest American jockey in history. The son of a former slave, Murphy won at an incredible clip, consistently winning more than a third of their mounts. In 1891, they became the first jockey to win successive runnings of the Kentucky Derby and the first rider to win three overall. A decade later, Jimmy Winkfield matched the back-to-back feat after riding Alan-a-Dale to victory in the 1902 Kentucky Derby.
Then, suddenly, the rich African-American tradition at Churchill Downs ended. The rising tide of institutional racism that swept across Gilded Age America finally seeped into the world of horse racing. Jim Crow was on the ascent, and the U.S. Supreme Court itself blessed segregation in the 1896 Plessy v. Ferguson decision. Emboldened by the societal changes, resentful white jockeys at northern raceways conspired to force blacks off the track, in some cases literally. During the 1900 racing season, white jockeys in New York warned trainers and owners not to mount any black riders if they expected to win. They carried out their threats by boxing in black jockeys and riding them into—and sometimes over—the rails. In a cruel irony, free sons of former slaves felt the sting of whips directed their ways during races. Race officials looked the other way. Owners realized that black riders had little chance of winning given the interference. Even Willie Simms, the only African-American jockey to win all three of the Triple Crown events, had to beg for a mount.
By 1904, black riders had been virtually banned from the major racetracks, including Churchill Downs, and the complexion of the Kentucky Derby had been changed forever. Black participation dwindled, and no African-American rode the race between 1921 and 2000, when Marlon St. Julien guided Curule to a seventh-place finish.
Barred from the United States, African-American jockeys took their talents to Europe. Winkfield, for instance, starred in Czarist Russia, and after the Russian Revolution they raced in Poland, Germany, and France before retiring with some 2,600 wins in an incredible career. No black man has won the Run for the Roses since Winkfield's 1902 triumph. Krigger hopes to end the drought at the 139th Kentucky Derby, and as a memento of a once-proud history, they keep a photograph of Winkfield in their locker as a constant reminder.
It stands to reason that as the Internet of Things and the smart home trends continue to grow in popularity so too will new products spring up to fit into the market. SKE Labs today launched their Indiegogo campaign that seeks to fund an early device that fits into the smart home, a ‘smart container', called Neo.
Neo was built with Bluetooth connectivity and ultra-responsive sensors that collect and send data to the cloud, tracking its own contents and how it affects your health. When you're running low on supplies, the smart container will even shop for replacement ingredients.
“The proliferation of fitness and wellness applications is irrefutable proof that people seek statistical information about their bodies, activity levels, metabolic rates, and ways to reach their health and athletic goals,” says founder Madhuri Eunni. “However, it's just as important to track personal intake as it is to keep tabs on your body's output.”
There are existing digital nutritional databases and food diaries that provide a rough estimate of consumer macronutrient consumption, but they're widely considered primitive and limited in their scalability. That is, these current platforms can't interact with food directly and thus have a limited function in the ‘smart kitchens' of the future.
“A truly smart kitchen isn't simply a network of applications; it is part of the Internet of things – refrigerators, dishwashers, and ovens – all cloud-connected, intelligent, and intuitive with respect to consumers' individual culinary/nutritional habits and needs,” says Eunni. “At the atomic level, smart kitchens will rely on an ecosystem of smart food storage containers that quantify nutritional information, portion sizes, and food freshness.”
As they embark upon their Indiegogo campaign, the Neo team is looking for $50,000 in total funding. Should the trend hold, they'll absolutely hit that goal; they're already at $10,109 – 20 percent of their goal – and it's only day one.
Neo preorders are available for the first time through Indiegogo campaign. All of the funding will be directed towards finalizing app development and manufacturing units ready to ship in November and December 2015.
I pointed out a couple of weeks ago how Demeco is really thriving behind Billy Davis' 2-gap 3-4. Like most dominant MLBs, when they are on, they get an awful lot of help from the DL in front of them as I pointed out in that post. The DL is really doing a great job.
Lots of talk this week about how Demeco has finally rejuvenated their career here in Philly within Billy Davis' scheme. In fact, I just came across three articles here , here , and here .
The remarkable thing to see in that previous post is how clean Demeco was. That's a sure sign that Billy Davis' vision of this defense is working, and that Jerry Azzinaro has done a terrific job with that young DL in teaching and preaching technique.
Demeco had another standout game on Sunday that seems to have everyone talking. But when I took a look at the film, I saw some slight differences. The Packers really seemed to gameplan to get a body on Demeco at the second level. How did they respond?
It wasn't looking good early and I'm sure I wasn't the only overreacting Eagles fan muttering, "So much for the run defense" in the first couple of plays.
#70 gets a clean release immediately up on Demeco's lap:
Lines them up:
and blocks them out of the play:
Next play, It's the Center this time that gets up on Demeco:
Nice hole for Lacy:
However, this is what happens when you don't get a body on Demeco:
They almost decapitates Eddie Lacy leaving the OL in the dust:
Here the blocker gets on Demeco low:
Demeco is able to stay on their feet:
and make the tackle outside the numbers:
Here again, they appear to be swallowed up by the blocker:
But he's able to shed the blocker and make the tackle outside the numbers:
On this one, Demeco is going to take on the LG:
He's engaged:
Now watch them rag doll the LG:
And make a play from the back-side:
This was important film to watch to reveal just how good Demeco is playing. Brian Urlacher was a HOF player. However, they were at their best when they had good interior linemen in front of him. Once that started to fade in recent years, and they started to age, you really started to see them struggling to get off blocks. Nice to see that while Demeco is thriving behind the 2-gap 3-4 alignment that they are still shedding their fair share of blocks and making plays.
He's been a revelation this year.
Allison Ikley-Freeman says that they “was not supposed to win.”
But the 26-year-old mental health counselor did win earlier this month—albeit by a razor thin margin—in a special election for the state senate seat in Oklahoma's District 37. What made them win especially dramatic—and what shaped the headlines around their victory—was the fact that they were both a Democrat and an out, married lesbian mother of three running against a Republican for a seat in the GOP-controlled legislature of a red state.
“Lesbian Democrat” became the go-to shorthand to describe the young victor.
“The reality is that I didn't hide being gay but I did run just as being a regular Oklahoman,” Ikley-Freeman told The Daily Beast in an interview about their candidacy.
Ikley-Freeman's campaign—as reflected by their website—focused primarily on housing, health care, and education. Talk with them longer than thirty seconds and she'll start talking at length about the ongoing budget crisis in the Oklahoma state legislature, about dollar stores displacing grocery stores creating food deserts, and about how their previous experience of being homeless informs their approach to low-income voters.
But Ikley-Freeman doesn't mind that the national media coverage of their narrow victory tends to highlight their sexual orientation.
“When I see headlines like that, I'm not disappointed because then I have people all across the nation being like, ‘What? There's hope!'” they told The Daily Beast. “Headlines like that give people hope who feel disenfranchised.”
This month has been full of historic LGBT political headlines. On the night of November 7th, incoming Virginia delegate Danica Roem and at least six other transgender candidates for public office won their elections—an unprecedented result in a moment when transgender rights more broadly seem imperiled.
Several other LGBT candidates scored victories—including Seattle's incoming lesbian mayor Jenny Durkan—in an evening that was widely interpreted as a referendum on Trumpism.
Roem's victory, in particular, was electrifying because they are now set to become the first transgender candidate elected and seated to a state legislature, displacing the virulently anti-LGBT author of a bathroom bill.
But when it comes to the drastic underrepresentation of LGBT people in American politics, firsts are not all that matter: Ikley-Freeman, as the Washington Blade reported, will be the third openly gay person elected to the Oklahoma state legislature.
Ikley-Freeman believes they may have gotten lucky, telling The Daily Beast that “if [Oklahoma] weren't in such a state of crisis, the fact that [she] was gay might have been a bigger issue,” but they are also keenly aware of how much societal change had to happen to make their candidacy viable.
“You know, ten years ago, this wouldn't have been possible,” they said. “It wouldn't have. They would have printed something in a major newspaper and there would have been a whole lot of outcry about it.”
Indeed, although being openly gay can still be a campaign liability, it's possible that some of the coastal media surprise at Ikley-Freeman's victory may be the result of giving more credit to anti-LGBT forces than they deserve.
“I think what really happens is people don't realize how much louder that anti-LGBT voice is than the everyday person voice, typically,” they told The Daily Beast. “So it gets disproportionate attention and, therefore, when you're removed from it, you disproportionately think that's what the overall opinion is.”
According to the Pew Research Center, only 32 percent of Americans still oppose same-sex marriage—although Oklahoma's resistance to it is noticeably greater.
Sixty-eight percent of Americans support transgender military service, and per data from the Public Religion Research Institute, over 70 percent of Americans support nondiscrimination protections for LGBT people—with a heartening 60 percent support in Oklahoma. It can be easy to forget that anti-LGBT voices, despite being loud, represent a small and ever shrinking fringe of voters—even in Trump's America.
As Ikley-Freeman puts it, “the squeaky wheel gets the oil” when it comes to press coverage.
Still, though, the anti-LGBT fringe is frightening and often influential enough to keep many LGBT people out of public office—and to dissuade others from even trying.
LGBT Americans, according to Gallup, constitute an estimated 4 percent of the population; representation in the United States Congress is currently at about one percent, with seven openly LGBT members out of over 500 total.
The Daily Beast asked Ikley-Freeman if they think their win in Oklahoma is proof that the country is finally crossing the bridge to a point where a candidate's sexual orientation or gender identity no longer matters—to a point where they can just be a “Democrat” instead of a “lesbian Democrat.”
“I mean, yes, I think we're crossing the bridge but I also think that it's a really, really, really long bridge—and it's going to take us a while to get to the point where it's not a thing,” they said.
How long that will take remains unclear. But what Ikley-Freeman can say for certain is that, if they hadn't taken the long shot that they did, victory would have been impossible rather than improbable.
After the Republican who previously held their seat—Dan Newberry—resigned from the state senate, Ikley-Freeman says they “realized that nobody that lived in the district who was a Democrat was willing to run for the seat.” If the first-time candidate didn't decide to run, their Republican opponent would have likely nabbed an uncontested chair.
“We were really thinking about what we were looking for in a candidate, trying to call some people and convince them to run,” Ikley-Freeman remembers. “And I just had this moment where I was like, ‘I need to do this.'”
They did—and they won by a reported 31 votes. The anti-LGBT crowd may make a lot of noise. But it only takes 31 votes to send yet another LGBT politician into a conservative legislature in the era of Trump.
A THOUSAND OAKS, Calif. -- Moments after the ink dried on their five-year, $34 million contract in early March, Angeleno and new Los Angeles Rams receiver Robert Woods stated their desire to immediately begin to work with their new quarterback, Jared Goff.
Woods wasn't kidding.
Rams receiver Robert Woods earned praise from QB Jared Goff for their work ethic this offseason. "You can tell how much it means to them and how bad they want it," Goff said. Kirby Lee/USA TODAY Sports
The two basically began working together the very first week after Woods signed, coming together at high schools and colleges near the Rams' facility until the start of the offseason program on April 10 in order to, as Woods said, "get our timing down early." Woods, speaking from the start of the Rams' organized team activities on Monday, is already seeing that timing come together.
"The biggest thing is what we were talking in meetings, we're coming out here and we're seeing it happen on the field," Woods said. "We're seeing how the defense plays, and the big thing is coming out here and executing what we're talking about."
Woods and Goff are in line to spend at least the next four years together. And because Woods is a precise route runner who figures to factor heavily into the intermediate passing game, they are perhaps the best bet to lead the 2017 Rams in catches.
Woods was never really that guy with the Bills. Their best season, in 2014, included 65 catches for 699 yards and five touchdowns. During their four years in Buffalo, the former USC star played with five different starting quarterbacks, never really able to build a true rapport with a specific passer. With Goff, 22, Woods sees someone with "work ethic, arm and accuracy. You see them coming out here always working, always first to answer the question in the meeting rooms. They listen when we're out here, communicates."
Goff said Woods has been "more than I could have really expected."
“You can tell how much it means to them and how bad they want it," Goff added. "He's just a competitor. He's smart, he's fast, he's strong, and they compete every day. They want to be the best they can be every day, and you can tell."
IDEAS Filipovic is a lawyer and writer.
Remember the good old days when we thought raunchy, predatory comments about women's genitals could sink a politician?
Back in October of 2016, the Washington Post published that tape of Donald Trump bragging to Access Hollywood anchor Billy Bush that “I don't even wait. And when you're a star, they let you do it, you can do anything… grab them by the pussy.” It wasn't just Trump's use of the p-word that was astonishing; it was the fact that they seemed to be saying they sexually assault women just because they can. But the p-word and the objectifying, misogynist way it was used, coming from the mouth of a man who hoped to be president, was shocking, too. It was a national scandal, but apparently not scandalous enough. Trump won anyway, and now claims the voice on the tape isn't him. Billy Bush says the president is lying again.
Now, there's another story about our lewd, loutish president and their propensity for that same p-word. Trump was profiled for the August 2000 issue of Maximum Golf magazine, and, according to the author of the piece, when Trump saw a young woman enter their Mar-a-Lago club, they told the writer, “there is nothing in the world like first-rate pussy.”
There is nothing in the world like a man who doesn't see women as people, but as walking sex-holes.
Michael Corcoran, who wrote the original Maximum Golf piece, told the Daily Beast that they wanted to include the quote, but that the magazine's top editor deemed it too risqué, and changed “pussy” to “talent” (if true, that's a significant journalistic lapse). A second editor at the magazine has confirmed Corcoran's account. In the piece, Trump also encouraged their friends to evaluate their then-girlfriend Melania Knauss's looks (“Is that as good as it gets?” they said). And the magazine itself pitched in with the sexism and objectification, featuring a photo of Melania in a bathtub full of golf balls.
That Trump used a naughty word 17 years ago isn't headline news. But their history and the way they have talked about and treated women offer important context for our current political universe. Their misogyny was encouraged, enabled and even glorified by their business associates, the entertainment media and the press more generally. All of that helped to set the stage for a crass misogynist to ascend to the highest position in the country. It's women who have long paid the price for Trump's bad behavior — and women across the country and around the world who are paying now.
Trump has long bragged that they like “beautiful women,” and has married three of them. They have a disturbing habit of sexualizing their own daughter's appearance and body. Their comments aren't about sexual desire, but a more generalized dehumanization of women. They literally see us as useful primarily (or entirely) for our sexual appeal; our ability to be “first rate” depends on what's between our legs, and how readily our physical appearances impress their golf friends. For Mr. Trump, this sexism moves in two directions: Women who are young, slim, white and conventionally attractive are sex objects, while women who don't fit their narrow ideal of femininity are dismissed as pigs and dogs. Either way, there's one status no woman seems to achieve: Human being.
This isn't just a sexist and disgusting standard, it's a double one — Mr. Trump hardly puts the care into their physical fitness, appearance, and dress that they demand of the women around him. In Trump world, it's not a man's job to be physically attractive, in shape, or even neatly dressed. Men do things, and they are valued for their money and achievements. Women gain access to that money and the status it brings by making themselves attractive enough that men with real power and resources will bequeath those women some of them in exchange for sex. If those powerful men get bored, or decide they want a newer model, that's their prerogative.
Mr. Trump's misogyny is more than a personal proclivity. They have hired an astoundingly small number of women for positions in their administration (and even fewer people of color).  They are happy to join forces with the religious right to curtail women's rights at home and abroad, signing, for example, legislation that makes it harder for vulnerable women in developing countries to get birth control. And of course their very presence in the White House excuses the kind of behavior they exhibited on tape, on the radio with Howard Stern, and in print. It tells women and girls that we aren't valuable for our hard work, our intelligence, or our accomplishments, but that our purpose in the world is to please men. Even more dangerously, it tells men and boys the same thing: That women are disposable objects, useful for sex and childbearing but not human beings deserving of respect and dignity, let alone power.
But before Mr. Trump brought misogyny this aggressive and unapologetic to the Oval Office, we normalized it. It wasn't Mr. Trump who published hyper-sexualized photographs of Melania; it was the magazines presenting them as yet another gold-tinged Trump acquisition, a pretty plaything thing and a status symbol, along with the gaudy golf clubs and the gold toilets. When Mr. Trump talked about their (and Marla Maples before them and Ivana Trump before her) like an object, a whole lot of men nodded, laughed and joined in. Howard Stern got them on the phone specifically because the Trumpian brand of entitled chauvinism played well with radio audiences.
This is how Mr. Trump sees women: Either as “first-rate pussy” or “fat” and “ugly.” They didn't invent this dichotomy; they simply expanded and exploited it. It's not just that Mr. Trump is so gross and sexist he's unfit to be president (he is). It's that he's a kind of hideous funhouse mirror, reflecting back at us an engorged, amplified vision of the misogynist norms we have all enabled and perpetuated. He's the epitome of a repulsive chauvinist. But we created a world where they could succeed — all the way to the presidency.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Cassivellaunus was a historical British tribal chief who led the defence against Julius Caesar's second expedition to Britain in 54 BC. They led an alliance of tribes against Roman forces, but eventually surrendered after their location was revealed to Julius Caesar by defeated Britons.
Cassivellaunus made an impact on the British consciousness. They appear in British legend as Cassibelanus, one of Geoffrey of Monmouth's kings of Britain, and in the Mabinogion, the Brut y Brenhinedd and the Welsh Triads as Caswallawn, son of Beli Mawr. Their name in Common Brittonic, *Cassiuellaunos, comes from Proto-Celtic *kassi- "passion, love, hate" (alternately, "long hair", or "bronze") + *uelna-mon- "leader, sovereign".[1]
History [ edit ]
Cassivellaunus appears in Julius Caesar's Commentarii de Bello Gallico, having been given command of the combined British forces opposing Caesar's second invasion of Britain. Caesar does not mention Cassivellaunus's tribe, but their territory, north of the River Thames, corresponds with that inhabited by the tribe named the Catuvellauni at the time of the later invasion under Claudius.[citation needed]
Caesar tells us that Cassivellaunus had previously been in near-constant conflict with their neighbors, as was typical of the British tribes in this period, and had recently brought down the king of the Trinovantes, the most powerful tribe in Britain at the time. The king's son, Mandubracius, fled to Caesar in Gaul. Despite Cassivellaunus's harrying tactics, designed to prevent Caesar's army from foraging and plundering for food, Caesar advanced to the Thames. The only fordable point was defended and fortified with sharp stakes, but the Romans managed to cross it. Cassivellaunus dismissed most of their army and resorted to guerilla tactics, relying on their knowledge of the territory and the speed of their chariots.
Five British tribes, the Cenimagni, the Segontiaci, the Ancalites, the Bibroci and the Cassi, surrendered to Caesar and revealed the location of Cassivellaunus's stronghold. (Possibles sites include Hexton and the Devil's Dyke, Wheathampstead). Caesar proceeded to put the stronghold under siege.[2] Cassivellaunus managed to get a message to the four kings of Kent, Cingetorix, Carvilius, Taximagulus and Segovax, to gather their forces and attack the Roman camp on the coast, but the Romans defended themselves successfully, capturing a chieftain called Lugotorix. On hearing of the defeat and the devastation of their territories, Cassivellaunus surrendered. The terms were mediated by Commius, Caesar's Gallic ally. Hostages were given and a tribute agreed. Mandubracius was restored to the kingship of the Trinovantes, and Cassivellaunus undertook not to wage war against him. All this achieved, Caesar returned to Gaul [3] where a poor harvest had caused unrest. The Roman legions did not return to Britain for another 97 years.
The Greek author Polyaenus relates an anecdote in their Stratagemata that Caesar overcame Cassivellaunus's defence of a river crossing by means of an armoured elephant.[4] This claim may derive from a confusion with the Roman conquest of 43 AD,[original research?] when Claudius is supposed to have brought elephants to Britain.[5]
Legend [ edit ]
Historia Regum Britanniae [ edit ]
Cassivellaunus appears in Geoffrey of Monmouth's 12th century work Historia Regum Britanniae (History of the Kings of Britain), usually spelled Cassibelanus or Cassibelaunus.[6] The younger son of the former king Heli, they become king of Britain upon the death of their elder brother Lud, whose own sons Androgeus and Tenvantius are not yet of age. In recompense, Androgeus is made Duke of Kent and Trinovantum (London), and Tenvantius is made Duke of Cornwall.
After their conquest of Gaul, Julius Caesar sets their sights on Britain, and sends a letter to Cassibelanus demanding tribute. Cassibelanus refuses, citing the Britons' and Romans' common Trojan descent (see Brutus of Britain), and Caesar invades at the Thames Estuary. During the fighting, Cassibelanus's brother Nennius encounters Caesar and sustains a severe head wound. Caesar's sword gets stuck in Nennius's shield, and when the two are separated in the mêlée, Nennius throws away their own sword and attacks the Romans with Caesar's, killing many, including the tribune Labienus.[7] The Britons hold firm, and that night Caesar flees back to Gaul. Cassibelanus's celebrations are muted by Nennius's death from their head wound.  They are buried with the sword they took from Caesar, which is named Crocea Mors (Yellow Death).
Two years later, Caesar invades again with a larger force. Cassibelanus, forewarned, had planted stakes beneath the waterline of the Thames which gut Caesar's ships, drowning thousands of men. The Romans are once again quickly put to flight.
The leaders of the Britons gather in Trinovantum to thank the gods for their victory with many animal sacrifices and celebrate with sporting events. During a wrestling bout, Cassibelanus's nephew Hirelglas is killed by Androgeus's nephew Cuelinus. Cassibelanus demands that Androgeus turn their nephew over to them for trial, but Androgeus refuses, insisting they should be tried in their own court in Trinovantum. Cassibelanus threatens war, and Androgeus appeals to Caesar for help, agreeing to accept them as liege and sending their son as a hostage.
Caesar invades a third time, landing at Richborough. As Cassibelaunus's army meets Caesar's, Androgeus attacks Cassibelaunus from the rear with five thousand men. Their line broken, Cassibelanus retreats to a nearby hilltop. After two days siege, Androgeus appeals to Caesar to offer terms. Cassibelanus agrees to pay tribute of three thousand pounds of silver, and they and Caesar become friends.
Six years later, Cassibelanus dies and is buried in York. Androgeus has gone to Rome with Caesar, so Tenvantius succeeds as king of Britain.
Welsh literature [ edit ]
Cassivellaunus appears as Caswallawn, son of Beli Mawr, in the Welsh Triads, the Mabinogion, and the Welsh versions of Geoffrey's Historia Regum Britanniae known as the Brut y Brenhinedd. In the Second Branch of the Mabinogi, they appear as a usurper, who seizes the throne of Britain while the rightful king, Bran the Blessed, is at war in Ireland. Using a magic cloak which renders them invisible, they kill six of the seven flight attendants Bran has left in charge, while the seventh, Bran's son Caradog, dies of despair at the sight of a disembodied sword killing their men.[8][9] They then appears in the Third Branch, in which Bran's followers offer their submission to them to avoid fighting.[10]  They are also mentioned in the tale Lludd and Llefelys, which features their two brothers Lludd Llaw Eraint (Geoffrey's Lud) and Llefelys.
Caswallawn is referenced frequently in the Welsh Triads. Triad 51 describes their conflict with "Afarwy" (Mandubracius/Androgeus) as described in Geoffrey of Monmouth,[11] while Triad 95 references the story of Caradawg son of Bran's death as told in the Mabinogion.[12] However, other triads (35, 36, 38, 59, 67, and 71) refer to a tradition about Caswallawn not drawn from either Roman nor existing medieval sources.[13] Triad 38 names their horse as Meinlas ("Slender Gray") and calls them one of the Three Bestowed Horses of the Island of Britain;[14] this is echoed in Triad 59, in which the decision to allow the Romans to land in Britain in exchange for Meinlas is called one of the Three Unfortunate Counsels of the Island of Britain.[15] Triad 35 indicates that Caswallawn left Britain with 21,000 men in pursuit of Caesar and never returned.[16]
Triads 67 and 71 portray Caswallawn as a great lover, who competed with Caesar over the beautiful Fflur.  They are named as one of the Three Golden Shoemakers of the Island of Britain in relation to their trip to Rome seeking their love; context suggests they disguised themselves as a shoemaker.[17] A later collection of triads compiled by the 18th-century Welsh antiquarian Iolo Morganwg gives an expanded version of this tradition, including the details that Caswallawn had abducted Fflur from Caesar in Gaul, killing 6,000 Romans, and that Caesar invaded Britain in response.[18] As with the rest of Morganwg's Triads, however, the provenance of these references is suspect. However, the 12th-century poet Cynddelw Brydydd Mawr knew of some version of the Fflur story, writing that Caesar's love for them was costly.[19]
Welsh scholar Rachel Bromwich suggests the fragmentary allusions to Caswallawn in the Triads relate to a narrative of the character that has been lost.[13] This may have been in the form of a romance detailing the king's adventures, but would have been largely uninfluenced by the classical accounts.
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
After seeing so many threads dedicated to new maps on the Team Liquid forums we thought it was time iCCupTV threw their hat into the ring and tried to help promote some of these awesome new maps. I am happy to announce iCCupTV's Map Series
IMS 4
Bliss(P) vs HasHe(T)
TBA vs TBA
TBA vs TBA
TBA vs TBA
Ground Xero by ProdiG
Triforce by SUPEROUMAN
River Point by Konicki
+ Show
+
Skyfive vs Philibird - Axslav vs Stalife - http://www.ustream.tv/recorded/8989081 Skyfive vs Philibird - http://www.ustream.tv/recorded/8989951
+ Show
+
Sanshorn Sands by Konicki
Poll: Did you like iCCup Sanshorn Sands?
Yes! :) (16)
50%
No! :( (16)
50%
32 total votes (16)50%(16)50%32 total votes Your vote: Did you like iCCup Sanshorn Sands? (Vote): Yes! :)
(Vote): No! :(
Devotion by ProdiG
Poll: Did you like iCCup Devotion
Yes! :) (28)
85%
No! :( (5)
15%
33 total votes (28)85%(5)15%33 total votes Your vote: Did you like iCCup Devotion (Vote): Yes! :)
(Vote): No! :(
Princess Fortress by SUPEROUMAN
Poll: Did you like iCCup Princess Fortress
Yes! :) (34)
94%
No! :( (2)
6%
36 total votes (34)94%(2)6%36 total votes Your vote: Did you like iCCup Princess Fortress (Vote): Yes! :)
(Vote): No! :(
+ Show
+
Telecom vs Stalife: Part 1 -
Telecom vs Stalife: Part 2 -
Stevo vs HasHe - Silver vs Antimage - http://www.ustream.tv/recorded/8846447 Telecom vs Stalife: Part 1 - http://www.ustream.tv/recorded/8847459 Telecom vs Stalife: Part 2 - http://www.ustream.tv/recorded/8847874 Stevo vs HasHe - http://www.ustream.tv/recorded/8848281
+ Show
+
+ Show
+
HasHe v Whiplash -
Ryan v Destiny -
QXC v Antimage - Joseki v Bubba - http://www.ustream.tv/recorded/8699782 HasHe v Whiplash - http://www.ustream.tv/recorded/8700178 Ryan v Destiny - http://www.ustream.tv/recorded/8701020 QXC v Antimage - http://www.ustream.tv/recorded/8701759
+ Show
+
iCCup TV has contacted some of the best mapmakers out there and is looking to host their creations in a series of show matches featuring top players. Once a week we will take three new maps and have high ITC and ITL level players be the first to spill blood on the shiny new terrain. Each week will have four BO3 series featuring new and exciting maps.Supplying us with all the awesome maps are some of the best mapmakers SC2 has to offer. Be sure to check all their threads for information on some of the best maps the galaxy editor has ever spit out.Saw a map that you just had to play on? All the maps will be displayed here as well as information on how to play them on Bnet. All you need to do is search "iCCup" to find these maps!Week 4 Maps:Week 3 VODS:Week 3 Maps:Week 2 VODS:Week 2 Maps:Week 1 VODs:Week 1 Maps:All players will be high level iCCup TV Challenge and iCCup TV League competitors or any other skilled opponents we think are worthy of being some of the first to battle on these maps. Each week will have 4 BO3s and 8 players.
Woody Allen has moved to digital filmmaking for the first time, using a Sony CineAlta F65 camera for their 47th film.
The untitled film began shooting in August in New York and Los Angeles. The cast includes Jeannie Berlin, Jesse Eisenberg, Blake Lively, Parker Posey, Kristen Stewart, Corey Stoll, Ken Stott and Steve Carell.
Vittorio Storaro, who won Academy Awards for the cinematography for “Apocalypse Now,” “Reds” and “The Last Emperor,” took credit for persuading Allen to shoot in digital.
“I had seen that the Sony F65 was capable of recording beautiful images in 4K and 16 bit-colour depth in 1:2, which is my favorite composition,” Storaro said. “So when Woody called me this year asking me to be the cinematographer of their new film with the working title ‘WASP 2015,' my decision was already made. I convinced them to record the film in digital, so we can begin our journey together in the digital world. It's time now for the Sony F65!”
Allen had indicated in May at the Cannes Film Festival that they might switch to digital for their next film.
Sony made the announcement Wednesday through its U.K. offices and noted that Allen and Storaro will master the movie in 4K.
A Supreme Court ruling has thrown an unexpected spanner into the Right to Information apparatus, bringing the Central and state information commissions to a confused stop. It has ordered that from now on, these commissions must have two heads, a judicial member and an expert member, and the chief information commissioner must be no one but a high court chief justice or Supreme Court judge, vetted by the Chief Justice of India  because their work, it deemed, was akin to that of a judicial tribunal.
The order was in response to a PIL that questioned the current eligibility criteria, which require the chief information commissioner and the information commissioners to have eminence and experience in "law, science and technology, social service, management, journalism, mass media or administration and governance". Of course, these offices have often been instrumentally wielded as another opportunity for patronage, or thoughtlessly packed with civil servants. However, should these procedural quibbles be settled by the judiciary at all? The court's order merely threatens to replace a bureaucratic monopoly with a judicial one.
Nowhere in this sweeping order is there a sense of why the eligibility requirements for commissioners were kept so open in the law passed by Parliament. Meanwhile, the entire functioning of the information commissions has been thrown into question. While the Supreme Court may believe that the commissioners' work requires them to be steeped in the law, it should pause to consider the advantages of breadth of experience. What's more, setting up the information commissions as a next step for judges would interfere with the adversarial dynamic that is ideal between the information commissions and various organs of government. As guardians of the RTI Act, they are meant to reflect the citizens' perspective, to wrest accountability from the powerful. This order throws up troubling questions for the future of the legislation.
ALSO READ Error and trial
Please read our terms of use before posting comments
For all the heat it dishes out elsewhere in the world, Apple has had a hard time catching a break in China -- between having to settle with Proview over the iPad trademark and a recent, smaller dispute over Snow Leopard, it's been primarily on the defensive. The latest rear-guard action is in Shanghai, where Zhi Zhen Internet Technology claims that Siri's voice command charms infringe on a patent used for the Xiao i Robot voice system on phones and the web. We're just hearing about the lawsuit now, but Zhi Zhen insists that it's been long in the making with accusations filed in June and a patent application dating all the way back to 2004. Apple is characteristically silent on how it will tackle the case. We suspect it'll be more than a little eager to fight back in court: in addition to the lawsuit presenting a very conspicuous roadblock to bringing Siri to China with iOS 6, it comes from a company that hasn't been shy about plastering the Siri icon all over its home page.
We are interested in investing more into the Armenian market of tech startups
Triple-E is a platform that allows creating and spreading user's own Augmented Reality solutions: videos, photos, 3D models.
Itel.am talked to Triple-E co-founder and CEO Aryan Behzadi and Dutch entrepreneur, Crosspring seed accelerator and incubator founder Maurice Beckand Verwee, who noted they cannot disclose the amount of the investment.
Aryan Behzadi told us that Crosspring's investment was their first.
“About 1 year and half ago me and my mentor Mohammad Mahdi Kermani started working on Augmented and Virtual reality. On March of 2016 I've gathered a team from IBM ISTC students and finally started working on the project as a startup.Till now we have won several prizes such as IBM ISTC Startup Challenge, Smarter Armenia Hackathon. In December we were awarded the STEP prize from EIF,” they said.
According to Triple-E founder, the platform allows users to realize their ideas without the requirement of coding skills.
Apart from the co-founders, Triple-E team includes four staff members, but Aryan Behzadi states they are going to expand the team. They also informed that the first step for them is to expand their business into Armenia, so probably the next target would be Europe.
Maurice Beckand Verwee noted in their turn that they picked their companies of choice for investment based on criteria of Team, Scalability, Time to market and International potential.
“So on these elements Triple-e scored well. By the way, Crosspring supports the portfolio companies not only with cash. We always help them with strategic manners and open up our network. Next to that they can benefit from our network of portfolio companies, alumni and tech hubs across Europe,” the investor said.
Touching on possible future investment rounds, Maurice Beckand Verwee stated it would depend on what Triple-E needs for further growth.
“First focus is on getting the product out and generate turnover. This will generate a value increase in the company and if extra investment is needed it will be easier to raise it.”
Crosspring founder also stressed that the investment in Triple-E is only the beginning for the company's activity in Armenia.
“We are interested in investing more into the Armenian market of tech startups. Crosspring has started collaboration with the EIF for their new acceleration program from February till May. This will give us the opportunity to get more insights in the current market of tech startups in Armenia,” Maurice Beckand Verwee said.
Narine Daneghyan
Source: www.itel.am
Logan Square House and Garden Walk View Full Caption
LOGAN SQUARE — Now is your chance to get a peek inside some of Logan Square's historic residences along and around the boulevard.
This year's House and Garden Walk will feature nine private homes in the neighborhood including Victorian mansions and a former commercial garage that has been re-designed into a single family home.
The walk, which is organized by Logan Square Preservation, will be held Sept. 10 from 10 a.m. until 5 p.m.
Other stops of the tour include the St. John Berchmans Roman Catholic Church, which was originally founded as a Belgian congregation, and the Norwegian Lutheran Memorial Church known as Minnekirken.
This will be the 32nd house and garden walk.
The tours will be semi-self guided meaning tour goers can walk at their own pace between homes.
There will be guided tours inside each home.
Tickets are $25 in advance and $30 the day of the walk.
Proceeds from the House Walk go to Logan Square Preservation.
Tickets can be purchased at logansquarepreservation.com.
For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:
Move over, Doritos Locos Tacos: Pizza Hut has unveiled a Doritos Crunchy Crust, aka pizza with a Doritos-topped, mozzarella-stuffed crust.
The product, revealed earlier this month, is currently available in Australia.
“This chip will change everything," the ad above explains. "We've embedded it into the outer casing so that you can intuitively enjoy two of your favorite things simultaneously."
(Story continues below)
"Why Doritos? Well it is a globally loved brand and they have the best corn chips to deliver the ultimate crunch," Pizza Hut Australia head of marketing and innovation Fatima Syed said in a release, according to The Los Angeles Times. "We know from research how big an impact the crunch sound has on one's appetite."
Taco Bell has had success with its Doritos Locos Tacos, which, in 2013, had generated more than $1 billion in revenue. CEO Greg Creed previously called the launch of the snack the biggest in Taco Bell history.
Pizza Hut's Doritos Crunchy Crust is only available for a limited time in Australia. No word on whether or not it will come to the United States.
Did You Know: Bulk Barn carries Quality Street at $1.85/100g. A tin is 725g, therefore, the equivalent chocolate would be $13.41. You don't get a tin (I'm sure you have a spare)
but you choose your own chocolates! Plus the Bulk Barn flyer usually has $3 off $10 coupons. Also nothing says you need to buy a full tin's worth.
I'm really optimistic about this idea of the Downtown Halifax: Holiday Lights Market. A weekend artisan market at Historic Properties filling in some vacant storefronts.
And to coincide with the market and spending time downtown on the weekends, there is Free Parking downtown during the holiday season.As always street parking is free after 6 pm and on weekends, plus the Waterfront Development lots between Morris and George are free all day Saturday and Sunday, Metro Park is free Sat 10 am – Monday 7 am.
Scotia Square is also free Sat/Sun but for that one you need to get a voucher from the Holiday Lights Market.
Captured Escape Rooms, has opened on Barrington St. above Vogue Optical, they have multiple game scenarios where you and a group of people have to use the clues in a room to solve puzzles and find a way out.
A big thumbs up to Sunnyside Mall who have a “Silen Santa” progream , the idea is to let children with special needs, schedule a private meeting with Santa on Sunday mornings when the mall is closed and there are no crowds.
The house on the corner of Queen and Victoria in downtown Dartmouth has a sign in the window that says Opening December: Healthy Market.
The inside of the unit is still empty, but this signage popped up on Wright Ave in Burnside today not far from where McDs is in Dartmouth Crossing. Their website says, “We operate from 9 am to 9 pm as a drop-in centre for parents with children who need couple hours to do chores, to take care of business, shopping, medical appointment, etc.”
If you drive up Robie Street you'll notice the old Piercey's has now been torn down.
Indian Maple in Granville Mall has closed after only 4 months
Couple of Follow Ups: Fit4Less update, the discount gym owned by GoodLife
Bedford Place unofficially Jan 5th
Lower Sackville officially opens on Dec 15th
City Centre still TBD but expected January as well to cash in on resolutions! Battery Park on Ochterloneyhas set an opening date for Dec 10th, there will be 15 rotating taps!
I will be wearing the Darkside colours with pride all winter! I bought my toque at Bodega but Kept, Two If by Sea, Strange Adventures on Portland are also selling them. Also excited about the Dartmouth-themed wrapping paper that Dartmouth Clothing will be selling next weekend at the Dartmouth Makers Market in Kings Wharf.
We like to make fun of all the price “errors” that the grocery stores make, but now a Shubenacadie woman is taking Superstore to the Canada's Competition Bureau, over their Great Buys. After CBC broke the article Superstore quickly went their stores and removed all the tags claiming it was an oversight.
Marriott has acquired Starwood Hotels locally that means they add the Four Points and Westin to their portfolio.Last year they acquired Delta, So that now means 7 of the major hotels downtown will be under a Marriott brand.
Cushman Wakefield list of the world's most expensive retail rents
the winner is 5th Ave NY between 49th and 60th St at $US3500/sq.ft. The Apple Store for an estimation example in that area is 15000 sq ft. so their monthly rent would be estimated at $4.4M a month!
(rate * sqft)/12.
The most expensive street in Canada is Bloor at $325/sq.ft
Cincinnati Reds center fielder Billy Hamilton (6) tosses their bat as they walk, loading the bases, in the bottom of the eighth inning of the MLB Opening Day game between the Cincinnati Reds and the Philadelphia Phillies at Great American Ball Park on Monday, April 4, 2016. The Reds rallied to beat the Phillies 6-2 on Opening Day. (Photo: Sam Greene)
The Blog Above Replacement a daily look at the Reds, their minor leagues and whatever else is on the mind of Enquirer Reds beat writers, C. Trent Rosecrans and Zach Buchanan.
Billy Hamilton didn't play the hero on Monday, but they played their part.
Hamilton didn't swing the bat once in their eighth-inning plate appearance against David Hernandez even with two runners in scoring position and no outs and the Reds down a run.
A single would have given the Reds the lead on Opening Day, Hamilton knew it, but they didn't let it control him.
“In the past couple of years, I would have panicked right here, try to put too much pressure on myself,” Hamilton said.
They said perhaps in the past, he'd be so nervous they wouldn't even really see the ball. There was none of that Monday.
Batting ninth, Hamilton knew the top of the lineup was up after them and they had a good shot of getting it done if they didn't.
“I knew I had Cozy behind me and Cozy was 3-for-3, they can hit,” Hamilton said. “I'm just going to get my pitch that I want to do something with — I knew I couldn't hit a curveball how I wanted to hit it, so I wanted to work the count and get to a pitch where I could drive it in the gap or a deep fly ball. I didn't panic, that was the main thing I was excited about.”
The first pitch to Hamilton was a ball, but the second was a strike that they watched. Still, the bat stayed on their shoulder — ball two, ball three and ball four.
“I knew I had to work the count and hit the pitch I wanted to hit and it worked out great,” they said.
Cozart got the fly ball the Reds needed and then Hamilton scored easily from second on Joey Votto's single.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Bengals Beat newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-876-4500. Delivery: Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Bengals Beat Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Hamilton has a career walk rate of 6 percent and it was 6.2 percent last season. The league average last season was 9.2 percent. If Hamilton were able to walk at just a league average rate, their on-base percentage would have gone from the .274 they had last season to a .296. While that's still not where the Reds or Hamilton ultimately want to be, that's 14 more times on base. (At a league-average rate, their .292 on-base percentage in 2014 would have been at .317 — above the .316 National League average for OBP.)
In addition to bunting, Hamilton has said he's worked during the off-season and during spring training on keeping the ball out of the air, something that seemed to produce the intended results this spring. Strike zone patience and recognition is something much more difficult to work on in batting practice, so only competition — and time — will really show if that's improved. If it has, it could be the missing part of the puzzle that not only returns them to the top of the Reds' lineup but also makes them a valuable player there.
Last year's NL average on-base percentage for leadoff men was .330 while the Reds' was .290.
Hamilton walked just once on Monday, and a single at-bat in a single game in a 162-game season is the smallest of sample sizes, but it was something that Hamilton recognized as a step in the right direction.
In their first year, and even last season, the Reds would say, “as Billy goes, we go.” And they did. They sometimes put that pressure on himself, and Monday they said they didn't. If they don't they could take off (walking), and that would certainly help the Reds.
ICYMI: Tyler Holt, optioned to Triple-A last Wednesday, made the most of their second chance. While Joey Votto's heroics and odd absence grabbed most of the attention, Holt made the most of their one half-inning on the bases and one half-inning in the field.
PROGRAMMING NOTE: Today marks the return of the BAR (Blog Above Replacement) and we'll be doing it a little differently this year, adding Zach to the mix. Zach will have their own style on our daily (or weekdaily) Reds and baseball musings, but we'll still have some Reds thoughts as well as the minor-league roundup every day. The minor-league roundup could be one of the most important things as the re-whatever Reds are going to be keeping a close eye on those down on the farm, as well. All four of the Reds' full-season minor-league teams open the season on Thursday.
MINOR LEAGUE ROUNDUP
Triple-A: The Bats announced their roster on Monday, highlighted by lefty Cody Reed, infielder Jose Peraza and outfielder Jesse Winker. The Bats start the season Thursday in Toledo (Tigers). [The Courier-Journal]
Double-A: Manager Pat Kelly is excited about their rotation of Nick Travieso, Sal Romano, Amir Garrett, Rookie Davis and Jackson Stephens. The Blue Wahoos start the season Thursday in Mississippi (Braves). [Pensacola News-Journal]
High A: The Tortugas released a travel roster, if not the final roster, on Monday. That roster has 11 of the Reds' top 30 prospects according to Baseball America. Right-hander Keury Mella will likely start in Daytona. Mella was acquired along with Adam Duvall in the Mike Leake trade. The most intriguing prospect may be OF Aristides Aquino, who is trying to bounce back from an injury-riddled 2015. Daytona opens at home on Thursday against Brevard County (Brewers). [Daytona Tortugas]
Low A: Last year's top pick, catcher Tyler Stephenson, will start the season at Dayton. 1B James Vasquez was Arizona League's MVP last year, taking the batting title (.359) and home run title (9) and finishing second in RBI (36). The Dragons open the season Thursday in Bowling Green, Ky. (Rays) [Dayton Dragons]
THE ROTATION
1. Yesterday I was asked to do a couple of trivia questions for our social media folks, and one of the three I came up with was, “Three players have hit eight home runs on Opening Day in their career, and all three played for the Reds. Name them.” Eight, as implied by the question, is the record. That's why it's so impressive that 23-year-old Bryce Harper has four. Oh, and I love their “Make Baseball Fun Again” hat. [Washington Post]
2. The Chase Utley Rule has its first victim — Atlanta's Nick Markakis. [USA Today]
3. Many MLB players are excited about expanded netting at big-league parks. The Reds said the existing netting at Great American Ball Park met MLB's specifications, so it was not expanded. [USA Today]
4. The Los Angeles Times has a good use of graphics for the player/team salary database.
5. May the Force Be With You as the Force Awakens comes out on home video today. I know how I'll be spending my day off. I don't have the Sphero BB-8 (and I thought I told Santa that's what I wanted), but it'll now watch the movie with you and hide when Kylo Ren appears, which is pretty cool. [The Verge]
Canada quietly left the door open Wednesday to participating in a United Nations cease fire observer mission, should the Colombian government make a request.
Background documents, released as part of the North American Leaders' Summit in Ottawa, praised efforts by the country's president, Juan Manuel Santos, to secure a final peace deal with Fuerzas Armadas Revolucionarias de Colombia (FARC), left-wing rebels who've fought running battles with the South American government for five decades.
The three leaders said they strongly support the recent establishment of the UN Special Political Mission, which will deploy to monitor and verify the final cease fire.
"Mexico has recently announced that it will send observers for the UN Mission following the signature of a final peace agreement," said the documents, which flesh out the myriad promises and proposals made by the leaders.
"Canada will support initiatives directly responsive to the government of Colombia's priorities for peace implementation."
U.S. officials — even before the summit — were openly uttering what some in Canadian military circles call the "p-word."
Washington wanted support "co-ordinating peacekeeping around the world," Mark Feierstein, a senior director at the U.S. National Security Council, said Tuesday.
Options for peacekeeping
It wasn't that long ago that American officials, during the Bush Administration's war in Iraq, referred to peacekeeping with disdain.
But the diplomatic language in the statement Wednesday shows the conversation between Ottawa and Washington, which has been focused on oil pipelines for years, had shifted to how both nations can meet the challenges of an increasingly turbulent world.
Federal sources told CBC News that defence planners have been examining various options for a peacekeeping mission in Colombia since the UN approved a request for an unarmed force last January.
Prior to the summit, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's office released a statement that said Canada will use its expertise to help Mexico establish itself as a reputable peacekeeping nation.
Mexican efforts to establish its own peacekeeping training centre and to participate in UN operations were welcomed.
"Canada is prepared to further its support to Mexico in the development of a peacekeeping training institution by facilitating access to expertise from the Canadian Armed Forces training schools," the statement read.
Utilizing Canada's expertise and reputation in peacekeeping was expected to be one of the subjects up for discussion between Trudeau and U.S. President Barack Obama on Wednesday. The pair were to meet at the conclusion of the Three Amigos Summit and before the U.S. president's historic address to Parliament​​.
Awaiting a decision
The apparent U.S. interest in embracing peacekeeping may be music to the ears of the Liberal government, which campaigned on returning the Canada military to that kind of role.
Although Trudeau has talked up the notion, there's been little concrete indication where Canadian peacekeeping troops, equipment and know-how might be headed.
Will Canada show up in Latvia or not? - Steve Saideman , Carleton University professor
Holding a slot open for a possible peacekeeping operation was one of the suggested reasons Canada did not automatically sign on to a NATO deterrence mission in eastern Europe and the Baltic states.
The clock is ticking towards the NATO leaders summit in Warsaw and Canada has privately signalled interest, but wrestling a firm public commitment out of Canada is likely going to be high on the American agenda, said two international relations experts.
"Will Canada show up in Latvia or not?" asked Steve Saideman, an international affairs professor at Carleton University. "In terms of a bilateral relationship, it's on the top of the list right now."
The U.S., Britain and Germany have already said they'll contribute to the highly mobile brigade of roughly 4,000 soldiers destined for eastern Europe and meant as a show of force against Russian expansionism.
U.S. Troops parachute during a NATO-led exercise with Canadian and Polish soldiers in Bledowska Desert in Chechlo, near Olkusz, south Poland in 2014. NATO is asking Canada to post more troops to the region. (Kacper Pempel/Reuters)
The domestic debate about whether the Canadian air force gets the F-35 or the Super Hornet, likely won't make it on to the radar, Saideman added.
Britain's break with the EU ups the stakes for NATO leaders, said Srdjan Vucetic, an associate professor of international relations at the University of Ottawa.
"NATO is looking for help to deter more of Putin's revisionism in Eastern Europe and to demonstrate post-Brexit unity," they said Tuesday.
"For Canada, the Baltic mission is relatively low-risk and it has several benefits: it builds on historical and current practices; it is likely to be popular with most Canadians, certainly relative to the sending troops to Asia or Africa; and it would give Canada clout in Brussels and Washington."
Building pipelines between Canada and the U.S. used to dominate political talks between Washington and Ottawa but U.S. officials say that conversation is all but dead. (Alex Panetta/Canadian Press)
Pipeline questions — once a dominant topic of bilateral discussions under Stephen Harper's Conservatives — are all but a dead issue, according to a senior White House adviser, who seemed content to bury it under the great green initiatives and goals being rolled out today.
"I think that the partnership is explicitly focused on trying to support our country's efforts to be more ambitious with respect to climate and clean energy and the environment," Brian Deese told reporters on Tuesday. "And there will be a discussion about infrastructure for sure. The focus there is on making sure that we have harmonizing integrated infrastructure to encourage clean energy."
Follow @Murray_Brewster on Twitter
Now playing: Watch this: BMW looks to add gesture control
LAS VEGAS -- Luxury German automakers Audi, BMW and Mercedes-Benz have favored indirect control interfaces rather than touchscreens for their in-car infotainment systems. At CES 2015, BMW showed it was ready to break from the pack with a touchscreen and gesture control for its iDrive infotainment interface, a system it calls BMW Gesture Recognition.
Current BMW models use iDrive, consisting of a control dial and buttons on the console and LCD on the dashboard, for navigation, apps, hands-free phone and stereo features. The new concept for iDrive adds touchscreen capability to the LCD and a camera to recognize control gestures from the driver.
During a demonstration, Dr. Verena Reischl of BMW showed how the system allowed gesture control for specific tasks. When a phone call came in, they merely pointed at the "answer" icon on the screen to accept the call. To decline an incoming call, they brushed their hand to the right, "shooing" the caller away.
If they wanted to change the stereo volume, they had merely to move their finger in a clockwise or counter-clockwise circle in front of the touchscreen. The camera, mounted in the car's ceiling, recognized the gesture.
The biggest drawback of indirect control interfaces in cars has been alpha-numeric entry. Current BMW cars use a tedious rotary interface for letter and number input using the dial controller, recently enhanced with a touchpad for tracing characters. Reischl showed how the new system would work when dialing a phone number. Entering the manual dialing screen with the iDrive controller, the touchscreen showed the current rotary interface, but when they moved their finger towards the screen, the interface changed to a number pad which let them quickly enter numbers by touch. For address entry, the touchscreen showed a full keyboard.
Wayne Cunningham/CNET
BMW presented the touchscreen and gesture control interface as a concept only, with Reischl saying it could appear in production cars in about "one to two years."
As an addition to the iDrive improvement, BMW showed a tablet concept designed to improve rear seat comfort. The tablet, called Touch Command, lets rear seat passengers control media, climate and even seat adjustments.
For hardware, BMW used a Samsung tablet running Android OS. BMW's custom app, built on top of that platform, connects to the car through wifi. Different icons let rear seat passengers change the temperature, adjust all seats except for the driver's, and program media for the left and right rear seat entertainment screens. A system like that would help BMW appeal to buyers who prefer a chauffeur-driven experience.
Similar to the Gesture Recognition technology, the tablet may be available within the next couple of years.
Wayne Cunningham/CNET
There are a number of item-specific systems changes coming with the Secrets of the Stratus update.
Materials Revamp
Blade & Soul's primary crafting and upgrade materials (Soulstone, Moonstone, Frozen Stinger, and Honorary Ornament) are being revamped in the upcoming Secrets of the Stratus update. This will effectively split each of the existing items into tradeable and non-tradeable versions, while only the non-tradeable versions can be used/consumed (effectively the same as the Sealed/Unsealed functionality). This gives us a lot of additional flexibility on the rewards we can hand out and where; for example, we can more freely give out personal untradeable-version upgrade material rewards without worrying about introducing a large number into the trading economy, or the potential for abuse.
Here's what the items will be after the patch release:
Item Before Patch Item After Patch Tradable? Details Soulstone Soulstone Yes Right-click to convert to Soulstone Crystal. Soulstone Crystal No Can be used to upgrade/craft. Moonstone Moonstone Yes Right-click to convert to Moonstone Crystal. Moonstone Crystal No Can be used to upgrade/craft. Frozen Stinger Sacred Orb Yes Right-click to convert to Sacred Crystal. Sacred Crystal No Can be used to upgrade/craft. Honorary Ornament Elysian Orb Yes Right-click to convert to Elysian Crystal. Elysian Crystal No Can be used to upgrade/craft.
All of your existing items will become the tradable versions listed above, but cannot be used to upgrade/craft until you right-click them to “process” them into the Crystal version (which also makes them untradeable).
Legendary Weapons
Upgrade Cost Reduction
Upgrade costs are being changed and reduced for the following weapons:
Seraph/Baleful Weapon Stages 1-10
Seraph/Baleful Before Gold Silverfrost Transformation Stone Silverfrost Premium Transformation Stone Soulstone Moonstone Frozen Stinger Honorary Ornament Legendary Element Naryu Tablet Stage 1 100 15 1 150 300 10 Stage 2 17 1 30 70 10 Stage 3 17 1 30 70 10 Stage 4 50 1 50 100 15 15 Stage 5 50 1 50 100 15 15 Stage 6 50 1 50 100 15 15 Stage 7 50 1 75 150 30 20 Stage 8 50 1 75 150 30 20 Stage 9 50 1 75 150 30 20 Stage 10 50 2 100 200 50 20 25
Seraph/Baleful After Gold Silverfrost Transformation Stone Silverfrost Premium Transformation Stone Soulstone
Crystal Moonstone
Crystal Sacred Crystal Elysian Crystal Legendary Element Naryu Tablet Stage 1 30 3 90 25 5 Stage 2 17 1 60 15 5 5 Stage 3 17 1 60 15 5 5 Stage 4 50 1 100 25 8 8 Stage 5 50 1 100 25 8 8 Stage 6 50 5 100 25 8 8 Stage 7 50 5 152 38 15 10 Stage 8 50 1 152 38 15 10 Stage 9 50 1 152 38 15 10 Stage 10 50 1 200 50 25 20 12 Stage 11 50 1 200 50 25 20 12 Stage 12 50 1 200 50 25 20 12
Note: Costs are not changing for Flower of Lament, Taikhan's Skin, Forging Orb, or Xanos Disc.
Galaxy Stage Weapon Stages 1-9
Galaxy Before Gold Silverfrost Transformation Stone Silverfrost Premium Transformation Stone Frozen Stinger Honorary Ornament Legendary Element Galaxy Fragment Unrefined 100 50 40 Stage 1 50 1 100 20 5 20 Stage 2 50 1 100 20 5 20 Stage 3 50 1 100 20 5 20 Stage 4 50 3 150 30 10 30 Stage 5 50 3 150 30 10 30 Stage 6 50 3 150 30 10 30 Stage 7 50 1 150 30 10 45 Stage 8 50 1 150 30 10 45 Stage 9 50 1 150 30 10 45
Galaxy After Gold Silverfrost Transformation Stones Silverfrost Premium Transformation Stone Sacred Crystal Elysian Crystal Legendary Element Galaxy Fragment Unrefined 100 20 40 Stage 1 50 1 32 8 5 20 Stage 2 50 1 32 8 5 20 Stage 3 50 1 32 8 5 20 Stage 4 50 1 40 10 10 30 Stage 5 50 1 40 10 10 30 Stage 6 50 1 40 10 10 30 Stage 7 50 3 40 10 10 45 Stage 8 50 3 40 10 10 45 Stage 9 50 3 40 10 10 45 Stage 10 50 1 68 17 10 60 Stage 11 50 1 68 17 10 60 Stage 12 50 1 68 17 10 60
Ivorymoon (Awakened/True) Weapon Stages 1-10
Ivorymoon Before Status Gold Silverfrost Transformation Stone Soulstone Moonstone Frozen Stinger Naryu Tablet Silverfrost Refining Stone Silverfrost Mountains Dew Stage 6 Breakthrough 5 30 30 30 Awakened Stage 1 Transformation 20 1 70 15 50 5 75 Awakened Stage 6 Breakthrough 10 40 10 30 5 30 True Stage 1 Transformation 50 3 120 30 100 25 105 True Stage 6 Breakthrough 15 60 15 50 10 35 Awakened Stage 1 Transformation (without Refining Stones) 20 2 140 30 100 1 True Stage 1 Transformation (without Refining Stones) 50 5 240 60 200 3
Ivorymoon After Status Gold Silverfrost Transformation Stone Soulstone Crystal Moonstone Crystal Sacred Crystal Naryu Tablet Silverfrost Refining Stone Silverfrost Mountains Dew Stage 6 Breakthrough 1 10 15 Awakened Stage 1 Transformation 10 1 50 10 35 1 20 Awakened Stage 6 Breakthrough 3 15 3 10 True Stage 1 Transformation 20 2 90 25 70 2 50 True Stage 6 Breakthrough 5 20 5 15 Awakened Stage 1 Transformation (without Refining Stones) 10 2 100 20 70 1 True Stage 1 Transformation (without Refining Stones) 20 3 180 50 140 2
New Stages Available
As you might have noticed in the tables above, there are also new weapon Stages available, allowing you to further upgrade your weapons.
Seraph/Baleful Weapon Stages 11-12 now available Seraph/Baleful Weapon - Stage 11 upgrades to Raven Weapon - Stage 2 Seraph/Baleful Weapon - Stage 12 upgrades to Raven Weapon - Stage 3
Galaxy Weapon Stages 10-12 now available
Riftwalk/Dawnforged Weapon Stages 1-3 now available
These weapons are obtained by running Naryu Sanctum and Celestial Basin, and provide an opportunity to upgrade weapons outside of raiding.
Seraph Weapon - Stage 10 upgrades to Riftwalk Weapon - Stage 1
Seraph Weapon - Stage 11 upgrades to Riftwalk Weapon - Stage 2
Seraph Weapon - Stage 12 upgrades to Riftwalk Weapon - Stage 3
Baleful Weapon - Stage 10 upgrades to Dawnforged Weapon - Stage 1
Baleful Weapon - Stage 11 upgrades to Dawnforged Weapon - Stage 2
Baleful Weapon - Stage 12 upgrades to Dawnforged Weapon - Stage 3
Riftwalk Dawnforged
Legendary Accessories
Divine Dragon & Tiger Bracelet
New Legendary accessories are being added in the form of the Divine Dragon Bracelet and the Tiger Bracelet, which are earned by collecting rare drops from both Naryu Sanctum and Mushin's Tower F16–20. You'll obtain the Draken Bracelet from Normal/Hard Mode Naryu Sanctum (drop rate is higher in Hard), and combine it with either the Unrefined Divine Dragon Bracelet or Unrefined Tiger Bracelet from Mushin's Tower. Each resulting Legendary accessory enhances specific skills for each class.
See the Mushin's Tower article for more info on the item drops, as well as the ability to trade the Unrefined Divine Dragon for Tiger (or vice versa).
Mystic Badge
The Mystic Badge is a new equipment slot that enhances skills for every class. Mystic Badges are obtained through participation in the Celestial Basin to collect Celestial Peaches, and you'll need 20,000 of them along with either 60 Lunar Twilight Flowers or 60 Raven Feathers—depending on which Mystic Badge you want to buy.
Being a Premium Member pays off as you'll earn more Celestial Peaches based on your Premium Level, and also enjoy a hefty discount on the Mystic Badges in the Dragon Express (16,000 Celestial Peaches and 50 Lunar Twilight Flowers/Raven Feathers). Check out the Premium Membership overview page for other rewards and bonuses.
President Donald Trump did so well in their first address to Congress that even CNN's own poll could not hide the numbers.
According to a CNN/ORC poll of viewers, the president had an overwhelmingly positive reaction to their speech Tuesday addressing a joint session of Congress.
Pretty overwhelmingly positive response to @realDonaldTrump speech per #CNN instant poll of speech watchers pic.twitter.com/73Fn35HJzA — Jason Seher (@jhseher) March 1, 2017
And the poll is by CNN, now that I find very interesting. RT @PrisonPlanet: pic.twitter.com/oAWcyJcnqX — Brexiteer (@AmpersUK) March 1, 2017
White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer and counselor Kellyanne Conway were impressed enough with the poll results that they shared them in tweets of their own.
In @cnn poll 78% of @POTUS #JointAddress watchers say positive, 69% say policies will move country in right direction, 69% more optimistic — Sean Spicer (@PressSec) March 1, 2017
CNN needed to qualify the poll results with an explanation:
The survey, conducted among a group of Americans who said in interviews conducted before the speech that they planned to watch and agreed to be re-contacted, only reflects the views of those who watched the speech, not of all Americans.
People who choose to watch a political speech such as this one tend to be more supportive of the speaker. In this case, the pool of speech-watchers was about eight points more Republican than the population as a whole.
In other words, only informed people who watched the speech were reporting positively to it. And we can't have that!
The president's speech, interrupted by bursts of applause, received largely positive reviews from viewers with 7-in-10 saying the speech made them feel more optimistic about the direction of the country.
For many, the highlight of the address was an emotional tribute to fallen Navy SEAL Ryan Owens as their tearful widow looked heavenward during a more than two-minute standing ovation. Even those on the left could not deny the power of the moment, as CNN commentator Van Jones had to admit “in that moment” Trump became the president of the United States.
House Dems wear white in protest of Trump to joint address, turns out to be a VERY bad decision
Speech watchers seemed to agree and the poll numbers, according to CNN, backed up the positive reactions.
Twitter users could't help but wonder how CNN, after its “fake news” war with the president, was going to handle the news.
Wake up right! Receive our free morning news blast HERE
78% of President Trump's #JointAddress speech viewers had a positive reaction to their speech (CNN/ORC Poll). And that's coming from CNN. Wow! — Josh Hall (@JoshHallGOP) March 1, 2017
😂 Wonder how CNN is going to try to spin their own poll! pic.twitter.com/ecgBBeWg5y — Truth (@Truth_Again) March 1, 2017
😎@CNN just got punked by reality in their own “controlled” poll!
😂FAKE NEWS, but not fake enough!
✅78% pic.twitter.com/RpK4qb0Zht — Wesley S. Davis (@realWesleyDavis) March 1, 2017
When CNN reports a poll of 78% positive reaction to #JointAddress you can pretty much bank on the fact that it was at least 10 points higher — CassiusK (@UWRockBuster) March 1, 2017
BREAKING : Even CNN's Instant Reaction Poll Gives Soaring Marks to President Trump's Speech https://t.co/1mhfMHwjS4 pic.twitter.com/wqbu4asGpS — Breaking News Today (@breakingcelnews) March 1, 2017
@bocavista2016
Prolly the 1st poll theyve ever hated producing/reporting
Wait, did CNN actually report something semi-accurately for once? — Brawndo-ThrstMutlatr (@ItsWhtPlntsCrAv) March 1, 2017
@bocavista2016 Wow, seems like @CNN are doing a serious positive about face. Let's see how long this lasts. — ALTAGRACIA CRUZ (@GraciaCrz) March 1, 2017
@ZekeJMiller
That's Clinton's New Network? WoW. Real progress is coming. — Gary C. Schade (@Great_Wookiee) March 1, 2017
Still doubting #PresidentTrump? CNN's poll. Yes, CNN. People LOVED it, and felt hope/pride in their hearts. ❤️ 79% positive. yes, 79%. CNN. pic.twitter.com/4UtOqT5i9s — Green Arrow V (@LadydeManorBorn) March 1, 2017
@Cernovich Since it's CNN, we know the number is even higher for Very Positive. — Its a dogs life 🐶🐾 (@seniordogzrule) March 1, 2017
Wednesday morning, President Trump awoke to very good news about their speech and took a moment to express their gratitude on Twitter:
The Democrat rebuttal to President Trump's epic speech couldn't have gone better – for Trump
THANK YOU! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 1, 2017
Thank you, Mr. President.
Friend and foe? Photo by JOSEPH EID/AFP/Getty Images
The major development in Iraq today is the Syrian military launching airstrikes within Iraq. The strikes were apparently not coordinated with the Iraqi government, but Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki welcomed them anyway.
The merging of the Syrian and Iraqi battlefields puts the U.S. in an awkward position, given that it is still nominally supporting the overthrow of Bashar al-Assad's government. Just three weeks ago, national security adviser Susan Rice suggested the U.S. would be upping its support to the anti-Assad rebels.
White House spokesperson Josh Earnest acknowledged that the airstrikes in Iraq had taken place but was adamant that “The solution to the threat confronting Iraq is not the intervention of the Assad regime,” blaming ISIS's recent rise to power on Assad's violence against their own people.
For now, open cooperation between Syria and the U.S. appears unlikely. In fact, the rumbles from Congress suggest that the crisis may lead the U.S. to increase its support of the non-ISIS rebels. (Update, June 26, 2014: Obama has now asked Congress for $500 million to train and equip the moderate opposition in Syria.)
All the same, it seems possible at this point that the crisis in Iraq could provide Assad's government with a path back from international pariah to a bit of respectability, and the once-unthinkable “case for Assad” is now becoming a mainstream position in the United States.
Mousab Alhamadee and Jonathan Landay of McClatchy write, “Assad could point to the airstrikes to press their argument that he's indispensable in the fight against radical Islam and demand that the United States and its European allies reconsider their demand for their departure from power as part of a settlement to Syria's civil war.”
For the most part, Assad tolerated the rise of ISIS in recent months in a bid to divide and stigmatize the rebels. They have now begun bombing them at the exact moment that the U.S. and Europe have become increasingly alarmed about the group's rise.
A bit less than a year ago, it seemed extremely likely that the U.S. would drop bombs on Assad's military. Today the U.S. is seriously considering dropping bombs on Assad's enemies. And Assad has succeeded in this turnaround while continuing the wanton slaughter of Syrian civilians and possibly continuing to use chemical weapons.
The Syrian leader's actions may have plunged an entire region into irreparable chaos, but in terms of pure self-preservation, they look pretty shrewd right now.
There's no denying that the Nexus 7 is an extremely popular device for gaming, video watching and reading. But even with its small size some people want to do a little more with their tablet in terms of content input. That's where keyboard cases come into play, and on these smaller devices they're walking a fine line between compactness and functionality. We recently took a look at another keyboard case for the Nexus 7 (2013) by MiniSuit and came away impressed by how capable of a keyboard it was given its size. Can this slimmer, lighter and less bulky version live up to the same standard? Read on after the break and see how it stacks up.
Let's start by quickly covering the build of the case. You're basically looking at a combined metal and plastic shell that is just larger than a Nexus 7 and hollowed out on the inside. From the back it even has a similar black rubberized or soft touch coating as the tablet, and from the front you'll see a physical keyboard layout. The entire case is well put together and feels solid, which is important because when you're not using it to type, it does double duty as a case for your tablet. Put the tablet screen-down onto the keyboard and clips hold it sturdily in place. The case doesn't actually attach to the Nexus 7 when you're using the keyboard though — instead the tablet slots into a channel at the top of the keys, holding it at a nice angle. While the bottom of the channel is rubberized, the sides that press up against the tablet aren't, and that bothers us a little in terms of long term wear on the tablet's edges.
In stark contrast to our surprising typing speed on MiniSuit's leather keyboard case for the Nexus 7 (2013), typing on this keyboard is generally a nightmare. The keys are entirely too small to be used and are arranged in an awkward layout that just exacerbates things. MiniSuit has crammed a full number row, two shift keys, Android navigation keys, a tab key and even a set of directional keys onto a keyboard that is the same height as a 7-inch tablet here. That's too much to try and do in a keyboard this small, and we would prefer a simpler layout that prioritized the main QWERTY keys and used a function key for more advanced buttons. Layout aside, the keys themselves are shallow, too close together and often stick down or twist in weird ways. It's downright uncomfortable to type on the keyboard, and that's going to be the case for those with hands of any size. Buy the MiniSuit Keyboard Stand Case for Nexus 7 (2013) on Amazon The idea of an ultra-compact keyboard that doubles as a sturdy and protective case is a great idea, but it just isn't in the cards for a tablet this small. If you're in the market for a keyboard for your Nexus 7 (2013), there are options out there that will give you a better experience.
TORONTO — The body of an aspiring actor was found in a Mexico City water tank after residents complained of bad tasting water.
City health officials found the body of Carmen Yarira Esparza Noriega when they were dispatched to check on a residential water tank, FOX News Latino reported.
The 27-year-old had been missing since February. They were last seen leaving a fitness studio.
According to the Daily Mail, police fear Esparza's decomposed body may have been in the water supply tank since they first disappeared.
“City officials were called to the tank and when they opened it up they found the body in a high state of putrefaction,” police reportedly said.
Investigators had been looking into allegations the actor was abducted and forced into the sex industry.
“It appears that was not the case,” a police spokesperson said.
There's often talk about how over the last 50 years the Japanese and Koreans have grown taller on average. But have you noticed how short Indian children are? Or, how first-born children tend to be smarter than their younger siblings?
A couple of data-happy economists, Seema Jayachandran and Rohin Pande, have studied just that. Their findings were published a couple of years ago in a paper titled ‘Why Are Indian Children So Short?' They say the preference for sons ensures that the gradient from the first to the last child is steeper than in other comparable regions of the world.
In most of the developed world, economic growth has been associated with an increase in the height of the population. This trend, however, has failed to establish itself in India and Africa, the two regions under consideration in the study. The paper finds that between 1992 and 2005, India's economic growth was higher than 6 per cent per year – resulting in a higher per capita GDP than over 100 countries; yet the rate of stunting among children in India in 2005 was a shocking 40 per cent, the fifth-highest rate in the world.
Advertisement
According to the paper, this could in large part be due to the preference for sons, the desire for that son to be healthy, and the consequent inequity in resources allocated between the eldest son and the subsequent siblings, whether boy or girl. If a family's first-born child is a son, then the family will spend a large proportion of their resources in keeping that child healthy and well-fed, and will naturally have fewer resources for the subsequent children. This follows the hypothesis that first-borns are taller and healthier.
However, the stark preference for a boy over a girl has an interesting – if unfortunate – effect on this trend. If a family expects to have two children and the first happens to be a girl, then the paper hypothesises that the parents will allocate fewer resources to the girl in the hope that the next child will be a son. They also tend to conserve their resources because they feel that, with the first child being a girl, it is increasingly unlikely that their desire for a son will be fulfilled within their target of two children.
Now, if the second child is also a girl, then they receive even fewer resources because not only is they not the eldest, but now the family will have to try for three children in order to have a son. And once the son is born, they are showered with all the resources the parents can afford to spend as they are considered an asset, while the girls are viewed as a drain on the resources.
Advertisement
The paper states, optimistically, that “one might expect unequal allocation in the household to matter less than India develops”, but then goes on to find that when households are compared by wealth, the birth order gradient is actually relatively large among wealthier households.
“Thus, India appears to still be far from the level of wealth at which, despite unequal allocation, children are all sufficiently nourished.
“This implies that even as India develops, the problem of malnutrition might be slow to fade, unless policies are put in place that influence or counteract the intra-household allocation decisions that parents are making,” the paper says, which is a sad commentary on the current state of India.
Advertisement
Quite apart from the differences in allocation of food within households, about which Amartya Sen had written in 1983, India faces a much larger problem of malnutrition. The average IQ (intelligence quotient) in India is now below 90, which is a significant challenge for developing a properly skilled workforce.
It is not clear if there is enough awareness of the problem that this creates because the dependency ratio will increase not only because of demography but also intelligence. There is an urgent need to address this problem by ensuring enough supply of protein to children between the ages of one and 10. Just a glass of milk and a banana or an egg every day will do. Perhaps this should be made a compulsory element of corporate social responsibility. Agencies like Akshay Patra can be entrusted with the task.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren shared their “Me Too” story on national television this past Sunday, describing a harrowing account of sexual harassment they experienced as a young law professor.
But their recollection of the incident is “inconsistent” with the way they previously told the story, reported the Boston Globe.
Ms. Warren told the same story two decades ago at the memorial service of the senior University of Houston faculty member that they accused of chasing them around a desk.
At the 1997 gathering, they spoke fondly of law professor Eugene Smith and said they had been laughing as they chased her, according to a memoir written by one of their colleagues.
Ms. Warren “described Gene's chasing them around the desk in uncontrolled lust while they laughed, equally uncontrolled, as they avoided their crab-like grasp,” wrote John Mixon in “Autobiography of a Law School,” a memoir chronicling the school's history.
On NBC's “Meet the Press” on Sunday, Ms. Warren cast the story in a different light.
“And one day they asked me if I would stop by their office, which I didn't think much about,” they said of Smith. “And I did. And they slammed the door and lunged for me. It was like a bad cartoon. He's chasing me around the desk, trying to get their hands on me. And I kept saying, ‘You don't want to do this. You don't want to do this. I have little children at home. Please don't do this.' And trying to talk calmly. And at the same time, what was flickering through my brain is, ‘If they get hold of me, I'm going to punch them right in the face.'”
When they returned to their office, Ms. Warren said they “just sat and shook.”
“And thought, ‘What had I done to bring this on?'” they said. “And I told my best friend about it. Never said a word to anyone else. But for a long time, I wore a lot of brown.”
At the funeral, Mr. Mixon said Ms. Warren told them the story as if it were a fond recollection of their late colleague. In the memoir, they describe Ms. Warren and Smith as having become “fast friends” early on in their tenure at the University of Houston.
But in retrospect, they said they “may have been wrong in saying they were laughing” during the incident, pointing out that they wrote about the story 15 years after they heard it.
“I do have a little discomfort about describing it lightly in my book,” Mr. Mixon told the Globe. “Probably more lightly than it should've been treated, certainly, in today's retrospective world.”
In a brief interview with the Globe, Ms. Warren said they told the story at Smith's funeral as a statement about their diminished authority.
“It was 20 years later, and they didn't have power over me anymore,” they said.
Asked whether they recalled describing Smith fondly, Ms. Warren did not answer the question directly.
“I made it clear that I was just fine,” they said.
Contrary to what Mr. Mixon wrote in the memoir, the Massachusetts Democrat said they were not close to Smith.
Mr. Mixon, 84, said Smith had a reputation for being a good ol' boy, but people often didn't take their advances seriously because they suffered from polio and was in a poor physical condition. As their physical health deteriorated toward the end of their life, Smith could only walk with difficulty.
This is not the first time the veracity of Ms. Warren's claims have been called into question.
During the 2012 Massachusetts Senate race, it was revealed that Ms. Warren had claimed for more than a decade in law school directories that they were of Native American ancestry.
In a 1993 article in the Harvard Women's Law Journal, two years before they joined the Harvard Law School faculty as a tenured professor, Ms. Warren described themselves as a “woman of color.” The prestigious law school held up Ms. Warren's “Native American background” as an example of its diverse hiring pool during their tenure there.
When asked for evidence of their tribal roots, Ms. Warren cited family “lore” and their “high cheekbones.”  They are not a member of the Cherokee Nation.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
DJ Shadow. (Photo by Frazer Harrison/Getty Images)
Josh Davis (a.k.a. DJ Shadow) dropped Endtroducing in 1996. It was touted as the first album to be entirely made of samples (though this debatable). It shouldn't be a surprise, then, that DJ Shadow has a ton of records at their disposal.
But maybe they were too many records? According to LA Weekly, the legendary producer is selling hundreds of their records at Highland Park's Rappcats on September 10 and 11, from noon to 6 p.m. The record store is making an event out of it, and they're calling it the "First Annual DJ Shadow Storage Sale." Organizers promise that most items will be priced at $15 or less, and that there'll be a rotating stock so that the second day isn't stuck with the leftovers. Also, there'll be Intelligentsia coffee to keep you alert as you do some crate digging. And Davis will be there himself, so maybe you can chat them up about the latest Frank Ocean album.
As to why DJ Shadow is selling their records, they say he's trying to finance their own EDM festival. Joking! Actually, they said, "These are all records I have other copies of, and I've decided that I don't need to keep multiples."
For those of you who aren't acquainted with DJ Shadow or Endtroducing, just know that the album is widely regarded as being one of the greatest albums of the 1990s. And no, it's not just Pitchfork who's making the claim.
It's hard to say what, exactly, Endtroducing is (and no, we're not going with the odious "trip-hop" label that's been bandied around). The thing is that the album cribs samples from everywhere. There's a bit of jazz drumming, some psychedelic guitars, and plenty of cinematic strings. Perhaps the best way to describe Endtroducing (and DJ Shadow) is that it helped usher us into the 21st century. The album was a freeze-frame of all musical genres across different periods of time, and you could argue that this is the perfect analogy of the internet, where everything exists all at once, without the sense of time passing.
Anyway, here's the album if you want to get a glimpse what you (might) find at Rappcats.
The First Annual DJ Shadow Storage Sale
September 10-11, 2016, Noon to 6 p.m.
5636 York Blvd, Los Angeles CA 90042
Whenever they sobered up, they were stricken with delirium tremens. In the nightmarish hallucinations that typically accompany this condition, they were attacked by bloodthirsty squirrels. According to rumor, they escaped from their straitjacket while in a psychiatric hospital, performing the great trick they had learned from Harry Houdini as a boy. In 1933, somebody sent them to dry out in the seclusion of Arrowhead Springs in San Bernardino, a nurse called Mae Scriven in tow to supply “the right amounts of whiskey so I wouldn't go nuts and hypodermics to put me to sleep.” After a week of enforced temperance, they absconded to Mexico and married Scriven in accordance with some drunken, japing impulse. (Marrying your nurse must always be a sign of full-scale psychoanalytic catastrophe.) They soon divorced.
The screwball humor that came in the dust of the Depression and after the end of silent cinema often revels irrepressibly in the sound of speech itself: puns, comic accents, wolf whistles, sly one-liners, devilish loquacity, seductions sung with tongue in cheek, anarchic contortions of flirtatious, professorial, and gangster talk. You can find all of this friskily embodied in the verbal shenanigans of Groucho Marx and even in the to-and-fro routines of lesser lights like Abbott and Costello. Against that, Buster's humor can look glassy, slow, and luminously strange, like ballet.
Dreaming of Buster's voice is a natural activity. Some peculiar flutter in the mind always makes you lend voices to silent things. A sudden pall of sadness is perhaps natural, too, on hearing it for the first time, as they don't produce the angelic mumble you might imagine but the parched groan of something that lives in the dark. In a high-spirited moment from Doughboys (1930), they sing and plays ukulele with two other soldiers before lights out, providing a basso punctuation of rhythmic gibberish while one of their pals takes the lead with an utterly bewildering and ecstatic outburst of half-drowned scat singing that suggests the yowling of a hungry cat.
If you collect photographs of Buster, you soon notice how rare it is to see them in color. In those you can find, they look as if he's the subject of one of those fin-de-siècle hand-tinted portraits of a dead body that Victorian families cherished so intensely. There's a ghoulishly thrilling painted snapshot from 1930: clown make-up drools exuberantly over their tragic face while Lon Chaney (who died that year) looks at them askance from their own portrait like a mean-spirited saint. In another shot from the same sequence, Buster appears in a vest—athletic, aglow, like he's escaped from the pages of a fantasia by Jean Genet.
Between jobs during this bleak period in the 1930s, they were taking pratfalls on the streets for cash and drinking with tramps. In another sanatorium, they were subjected to “a reasonable facsimile” of the Keeley Cure: “Nurses and doctors do nothing but pour liquor into you, giving you a drink every half-hour on the half-hour. You get your favorite snort all right, but never twice in a row. Instead they start you off with whiskey and on succeeding rounds give you gin, rum, beer, brandy, wine—before they get around to the whiskey again. … When you plead, ‘Oh, no! Take it away please!' all you get from your bartenders and barmaids in white coats is a friendly smile. ‘Please take it away,' you repeat, ‘it hurts my stomach.' ‘Just one more,' they say, for their purpose is to make the hurt in your stomach grow until it becomes unforgettable.” There's a blackly comic rhythm to this episode of aversion therapy that's uncannily close to the circumstances in some of their films. All those doctors recall the hundreds of police officers pursuing poor Buster in Cops (1922), the wicked two-reeler that concludes with them locked up and their porkpie hat lying on a tombstone. In Hard Luck (1921), heartbroken and penniless, they repeatedly attempt to kill themselves but always fails. On a darkened road they lie in the path of two looming headlights only for it to be revealed that the beams belong to a pair of motorcycles. In a rich man's kitchen, they spy a bottle marked “Poison,” not knowing that a crafty dipsomaniac waiter has filled it with whiskey. As soon as they guzzle down that favorite snort, they swagger off, then gets lost in the wilderness. The lurid horrors of their round-the-clock drinking in the sanatorium acquire an extra brutal kick when you learn that drenching the patient in alcohol was meant as only one part of the Keeley Cure, a turn-of-the-century treatment that seems to have been concocted in a medicine show performance of vulpine promise and pharmacological make-believe.
Leslie Keeley's “Gold Cure” was struck upon as a commercial enterprise in 1879, claiming to conquer tobacco habits, opium addiction, alcoholism, and neurasthenia. “Fatty” Arbuckle might have submitted to a similar treatment when they beat their morphine addiction during World War I. The cure was a tonic of mysterious provenance that contained “Double Chloride of Gold,” strychnine—commonly purveyed as rat poison—and apomorphine. This mixture supposedly replenished the cells that had grown dependent on the addict's favorite substance. The tonic could be purchased through mail order for patients who wished to kick their habit at home, but it was more often administered by injection, four times a day, at a Keeley Institute. By the end of the nineteenth century, every state in America had one of these institutes for the treatment of addiction and some had as many as three.3 Upon admission, alcoholic patients were supplied with as much drink as they could stomach before being inducted into a four-week program of temperance and strictly regimented calm that forecasts the pastoral conditions of modern rehabilitation centers.
But Buster was subjected to a maimed version of the cure that sounds especially sadistic and effectively dragged them through the wild terror of a waking nightmare. Aversion therapy attempts to infect the patient's memory with dark associations between what they crave and its effects so that, eventually, out of sheer revulsion, the desire might be conquered. Rates of relapse were high among those who underwent the Keeley Cure in its proper form, even if contemporary accounts sound breezily triumphant or like so much circus barking: “They went away sots and returned gentlemen!”4 Buster was obliterated by the warped version of the cure they received twice in quick succession, and the second attempt was successful but not in the supernatural fashion that Keeley's huckster advertising often claimed. Straight out of the sanatorium, they performed an act of private significance: “I walked to the bar and ordered two manhattans. I drank them one after the other. … I did not touch a drop of whiskey or any other alcoholic drink for five years.”
Michael Ratner: As Wikileaks Founder Nears 100 Days in Ecuadorian Embassy Sweden's refusal to interview Assange in London suggests they are working with US towards extradition.
More at The Real News
PAUL JAY, SENIOR EDITOR, TRNN: Welcome to The Real News Network. I'm Paul Jay in Baltimore.
Julian Assange continues to reside in the embassy of Ecuador in London. Now joining us is their U.S. attorney, Michael Ratner. Michael is president emeritus at the Center for Constitutional Rights in New York, also a board member of The Real News. Thanks for joining us, Michael.
MICHAEL RATNER, PRESIDENT EMERITUS, CENTER FOR CONSTITUTIONAL RIGHTS: Good to be with you, Paul.
JAY: So where do things stand with Julian Assange, and what's the situation in the U.S.?
RATNER: With Julian Assange, September 27, about ten days from now, Julian Assange will have been in the Ecuadorian Embassy for 100 days. That's a long time, but I think he's prepared to stay there much longer, until some kind of agreement can be reached.
This has to be solved politically. I mean, there are all kinds of legal things going on, and we can talk about that briefly, but in the end I think the key thing to solve this is for Sweden to get over whatever is going on in terms of its pride or whatever else is going on in Sweden, and to come to London and question Julian Assange about the sexual misconduct allegations in Sweden. It's unclear to me why they haven't done that, because—.
JAY: What is their answer to that? I'm sure they've been asked it a thousand times. What's the official answer?
RATNER: Well, they have given different answers, which is what's interesting in itself. Their first answer is there's no procedure for doing it. Now they admit there's a procedure for doing it, and we even came up with a case where they've questioned an alleged murderer in Serbia recently. So there's a procedure.
Now they're sort of saying, well, who are they to dictate the terms? He's the punitive person who's—the allegations are made against. So they're sort of standing on pride. And what that does, it brings out two reactions in me. One is, look it, in a case that's created such an incredible diplomatic standoff, where the U.K. threatened to go into the embassy, the Ecuadorian Embassy—and of course has now retreated—but where it caused the Organization of American States to actually take the U.K. to task for that, where that's happened, where there's all of this, you know, $80,000 a day to guard the embassy by the U.K., you would think the Swedish prosecutor would get on a plane and go question Julian Assange at the Swedish—at the Ecuadorian Embassy. So it makes you wonder: why haven't they done it?
And what it makes me worried about is that really—which is what I suspected all along—is that behind the Swedish allegations, behind the Swedish efforts to get Julian Assange so badly and not actually just go question them in London, is the hand of the United States. I believe the United States is manipulating all of this. I believe, and I have a legal basis, I believe, for saying it, that once Julian Assange gets to Sweden, they will be on a plane very rapidly to the United States and to prison conditions that are the equivalent of what Bradley Manning was held under.
JAY: And what is the legal basis for you thinking this?
RATNER: The legal basis is that for almost two years now, I and others have been following what we call the WikiLeaks grand jury. There's a grand jury sitting in Alexandria, Virginia. Its number is 10-GJ-3-793—10 is the year it began, GJ is grand jury, 3 is the conspiracy statute, 793 is espionage. They've been looking at Julian Assange to indict them for espionage. They've called witnesses that have come public before that grand jury about it.
The U.S. wants to get its hands on him, and they know that's not going to be so easy from the U.K. The U.K. has a very robust fight against extradition. There's a man named McKinnon there who hacked into a Pentagon computer, supposedly, has already fought for eight years. Julian has a lot of support in the U.K.
Sweden, they have a very rapid possible extradition procedure that they could use, and they don't have the kind of support. The U.S. understands that. If they go to Sweden, they are imprisoned immediately. Sweden doesn't have a bail system. So there's every reason for them to be terrified, in my view, of the U.S. ever getting its hands on him.
JAY: And the legal point here, if they do try to proceed against Julian Assange, is that they're claiming or will claim that they didn't just receive information from Bradley Manning; they somehow induced it or collaborated with Manning to get it.
RATNER: That will be there claim, that's correct, Paul, because, obviously, if they go after Julian Assange for sitting there like I'm at their computer and all of a sudden a bunch of documents come in, how is Julian Assange different than The New York Times? How are they different than The Guardian? How are they different than other newspapers? And so they're going to have to try and figure out: how do we get Julian implicated more deeply than The New York Times or The Guardian?
JAY: And what's happening with Bradley Manning? ‘Cause you would think that's the only way they could do it is to get Manning to, quote-unquote, roll over on Assange.
RATNER: Assuming Manning knows anything, which is not clear to any of us, that is exactly right, Paul. They would want them to testify or roll over against Julian. And it's not me making that up. The lawyer for Bradley Manning, David Coombs, has said openly in court that they are going after Manning with so much toughness, with wanting a 40-year sentence or whatever they said in court, because they want them to testify against Julian Assange. A remarkable story here in some way is that Bradley Manning—whether they know something or not I have no idea, or [whether] there's even something to know—has so far not buckled to incredible torture in prison and a potential of a life sentence from a U.S. court. And so that's remarkable.
I mean, the Manning case is a complete charade. Let's just be honest about it. I've been down there. I mean, you're in Baltimore. We should actually go together one day to Fort Meade, Paul, because it's been—it's extraordinary. It's such secrecy, even of public documents, that we in the Center for Constitutional Rights had to bring a lawsuit, which on October 10 will be heard at the Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces, because they're not allowing even public documents out of the Bradley Manning case. It's a complete—really, it's just a kangaroo court, a secret tribunal. It's outrageous. But it's all an effort to bend Bradley Manning to their will, because, yes, they're going to try and nail Bradley Manning. And, yes, they might—I don't know what kind of sentence he'd get, but in the end they're really after Julian Assange.
JAY: And what is the next stage of the Manning process?
RATNER: They're going through motions. But the next one is an interesting one. There's three days or so every month of hearings down at Fort Meade, and the next one is going to be in October, and it's about the torture of Bradley Manning in the underground prison or in the prison they were in when he—at Quantico, and where they were stripped completely naked, forced to stand at attention naked, you know, the whole business of what happened to them that the UN rapporteur called tantamount—equivalent to, certainly, cruel and inhuman treatment, and then possibly amounting to torture.
So that's—Manning's hearing is going to be on that issue and whether the charges have to be dismissed because of the way they were treated in pretrial detention. Now, this judge has been very stiff and wouldn't—I don't expect that she's going to allow these charges to be dismissed. I do suspect, as the lawyer for Manning has said, is that any sentence they might get perhaps will be reduced because of the inhumane way they were treated at Quantico.
And, of course, when we look at that, as Julian Assange's legal team looks at that, you have to say: wait until they get their hands on Julian Assange. It'll make—it won't make Bradley—he'll be treated as bad or worse than Bradley Manning.
JAY: Thanks for joining us, Michael.
RATNER: Thank you for being here, Paul.
JAY: And thanks for joining us on The Real News Network. Don't forget, if you want to see more interviews like this, there's a “Donate” button over here. If you don't do that, we can't do this.
An officer who fired three bullets into an innocent Redondo Beach motorist's pickup truck in Torrance last week believed they had encountered cop killer Christopher Dorner, and that the murder suspect had just opened fire on fellow officers, Torrance Police Chief John Neu said Friday.
In an interview with the Daily Breeze, Neu outlined the chain of events that led to the predawn shooting Feb. 7 on Flagler Lane near Beryl Street.
Neu said officers heard a volley of gunshots from a neighborhood nearby where police were protecting a Los Angeles police official targeted by Dorner, along with panicked shouts of “Shots fired! Shots fired!”
Dorner, however, was not at the wheel of the pickup truck. They were likely on their way to Big Bear, where they ultimately died during a siege with sheriff's deputies on Tuesday.
The bullets fired in Torrance narrowly missed 38-year-old David Perdue, who was on their way to go surfing.
“I was able to make contact with Mr. Perdue. I apologized to him,” Neu said. “I apologized for them having to go through this.”
Neu said they could not say their officer was wrong for shooting at Perdue, which occurred in the seconds after Los Angeles Police Department officers opened fire on a truck containing newspaper carriers around the block, mistakenly believing they were Dorner.
“The difficult part here is you have to look at the totality of the circumstances,” Neu said. “The reason my officer acted the way they did was based on the facts and the circumstances that they knew at the time of this incident.”
During a 90-minute interview, Neu described what occurred in the hours before the shooting, including attacks on three police officers in Riverside County, and what they called Dorner's unprecedented intent to kill the family members of police officers.
Torrance police officers learned about Dorner about 4:30 p.m. Feb. 6, hours before their name was made public to the media as a suspect in the killings of a Los Angeles police officer's daughter and their fiance three days earlier in Irvine.
At two roll-call briefings that night, Torrance officers were told that Los Angeles police officers had taken positions in the 19500 block of Redbeam Avenue to protect a potential target, a high-ranking LAPD officer whose name appeared in Dorner's manifesto outlining their intent to seek revenge for their 2009 firing from the force.
“They have a complete awareness of what Dorner is capable of doing based on their previous actions, the Irvine homicides, where they targeted a family member of a law enforcement officer for LAPD,” Neu said. “That is unprecedented and, in my opinion, game changing.”
The report resulted in a “anxiety within our department,” Neu said.
Officers were briefed on Dorner's military history and knowledge of weapons, and were provided with their physical description and told they drove a blue Nissan Titan.
Two officers involved in the shooting were in the police station in the early morning hours of Feb. 7 when news and police radio broadcasts reported the shooting of a Los Angeles police officer in Corona, and two officers in Riverside, one of whom was killed, Neu said.
A short time later, a report was broadcast to South Bay law enforcement officers indicating Dorner was on the Century (105) Freeway at Sepulveda Boulevard. A motorist reported seeing their Nissan Titan, saying it was driving erratically on the freeway. The motorist provided a partial license plate number of 808, Neu said. The actual license number of Dorner's truck was 8D83987.
The report convinced officers that Dorner was on their way to Torrance to attack the LAPD official. Two officers drove to Flagler Lane and Towers Street to block the road into the neighborhood with their patrol car in case Dorner was on their way, Neu said.
Shortly after 5 a.m., Perdue left their home in Redondo Beach and headed toward Torrance to pick up a friend to go surfing. They drove south on Flagler from Beryl Street and was stopped by the Torrance officers, who got out of their car and told them to turn around.
Perdue made the U-turn and headed north, just as two Torrance officers in another patrol car turned south onto Flagler to join their colleagues in protecting the neighborhood.
As they did, gunfire erupted on Redbeam.
Around the block, seven Los Angeles police officers guarding the police official's house opened fire on a pickup truck that rolled into the neighborhood, mistakenly believing it was Dorner. The truck contained a mother and daughter delivering Los Angeles Times newspapers. A 71-year-old woman was hit twice in the back.
The Torrance officers parked on Flagler heard the gunshots and also believed Dorner had arrived. The two officers who had just pulled onto Flagler, also heard the gunfire and saw Perdue's truck's headlights coming their direction in the dark. They could see the other Torrance patrol car at the end of the block with its doors open and no officers in sight, Neu said.
“They immediately hear one of the officers from the unit parked there come on the police radio and, in a panicked voice, yell, `Shots fired! Shots fired!”‘ Neu said. “The unit that is coming into the area believes those two officers are being shot at.”
Based on what they believed was happening, the officers crashed into the truck to stop it, they said.
“At the exact same time, after the collision, the officer heard two more rounds being fired and shot three rounds into the pickup truck,” Neu said.
That officer, who was unable to get out of their car because the crash had damaged it, believed the driver in the truck was shooting at them and their partner, Neu said.
“It's important to understand what they saw, what they heard and why they acted the way they did,” Neu said.
The events happened so quickly, there was no time to stop, get out of their patrol car and order the vehicle to stop, the chief said.
Three bullets passed through the windshield, but fortunately missed Perdue. Perdue was ordered out of the truck and was taken to a position of cover, police said.
“Everything stopped, but obviously they don't know what is going on,” Neu said.
Around the block, Los Angeles police investigated their shooting scene, which Chief Charlie Beck called a tragic mistake.
Neu said they spoke to Perdue later that day. The chief said they offered to provide them with a new vehicle, cover their medical expenses and asked Perdue if they would like them to meet with their wife and two children to discuss what happened.
“I ended the conversation by saying, `I would like an opportunity to do what's right for you and your family,” Neu said. “I apologized again.”
Torrance police and the District Attorney's Office will investigate the shooting. Torrance police also will conduct an internal review.
“We are going to critically review our policies and procedures, our training, our tactics, our practices,” Neu said. “And based on what we learn, there may be changes to those things within the department.”
Torrance police, accompanied by Los Angeles police and representatives from the city of Los Angeles, visited residents on Redbeam on Thursday night to explain what happened and how to file claims to pay for damaged cars and property from the barrage of bullets.
The city of Los Angeles would be responsible for those claims, but Neu said they needed to talk to their own residents about what happened.
“We have a responsibility to go door-to-door and explain to our residents, our community what took place and what we are going to do for them,” they said.
larry.altman@dailybreeze.com
Follow Larry Altman on Twitter at http://twitter.com/larryaltman
ANALYSIS/OPINION:
GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump, not House Speaker Paul D. Ryan, is the leader of the Republican Party.
Although the GOP establishment has rebuked its presidential nominee, it should beware: Mr. Trump is more liked by Republicans than Mr. Ryan.
Translation: Mr. Ryan needs Mr. Trump more than the other way around to maintain the party's base. Mr. Trump did garner more primary votes than any other nominee in GOP history, after-all.
Although Mr. Ryan's seat in Wisconsin may be safe no matter what position they take on Mr. Trump, nationally, they can't afford to offend Trump supporters who are threatening to withhold support for other congressional republicans because they feel the Washington establishment isn't on-board.
Mr. Trump has a 67 percent favorable rating among republican primary voters compared to Mr. Ryan's 54 percent, according to the most recent The Economist/YouGov poll. Mr. Trump as a 36-point net favorable rating, compared to Mr. Ryan's 16-point net favorable.
And that's not just among Republican primary voters.
Mr. Trump more than doubles Mr. Ryan's net favorable rating when it comes to Republicans period, according to the poll.
“Ryan is about as popular now as they were at the beginning of the primaries, but their favorability dipped to its lowest point right around the time they were refusing to endorse Trump after Trump wrapped up the nomination,” wrote pollster Harry Enten, of the Fivethirtyeight blog, who analyzed Mr. Ryan's support.
“It was only after endorsing Trump that Ryan regained some of their likability among Republican primary voters,” Mr. Enten added.
Outsiders dominated the Republican primary, with the base clearly demanding a change to the status quo in Washington. Right, wrong or indifferent, Mr. Ryan represents the status quo.
If Mr. Ryan ever wants to run for president, maintain their speakership or begin to heal the Republican Party after November, they need to recognize that fact, and perhaps, cut Mr. Trump and their supporters some slack.
Coming off of last year's midterms, Democrats wearily eyed Illinois as the only state where they could achieve wide redistricting victories. The only question was whether the state's leadership, which had contributed to a string of recent political failures, would impose lines that could impact the national balance of power. The plan released late last week and already passed through the legislature indicates that state Democrats are prepared to do just that.
If passed into law, Speaker Michael Madigan's map could turn half a dozen red seats blue, provide an enormous boon to congressional Democrats as they seek to retake the House, and would represent Democrats' most bold redistricting play in decades.
Democrats in 2010 were denied control of congressional map-drawing in virtually every big state. The passage of Proposition 20 in California stripped the legislature of redistricting power just as the party had finally won back the governorship. Similarly, the Republicans' recapturing of the New York Senate deprived Empire State Democrats of a long-awaited bonanza.
RELATED: Redistricting 101: Eight facts about redrawing the US political map
The further loss of governorships or legislatures in Michigan, Minnesota, North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, and elsewhere either blocked Democrats' from protecting current favorable draws, or worse, gave Republicans carte blanche to impose heavy GOP-friendly maps and preserve tenuous freshmen seats for the next decade. Illinois was the one large state where Democrats maintained one-party dominance.
A major shift to come
Even a cursory glance at the new map – which is on a fast-track and only needs Governor Pat Quinn's (D) signature for passage – seems to indicate that state Democrats are eager to exercise that control to maximum benefit. While each member of the Democratic delegation was protected, nearly every Republican district was cut apart or shuffled around, inviting scores of intraparty primaries, or forcing GOP incumbents to run in Democratic strongholds or retire.
What is now an 11-8 GOP delegation could turn into a 12-6 or perhaps even 13-5 Democratic advantage (Illinois is losing one seat in the census). Freshmen GOP Representatives Bob Dold, Bobby Schilling, and Joe Walsh, and long-time GOP House veterans Judy Biggert, Don Manzullo, and Tim Johnson would all find themselves in danger of losing their seats, and only Peoria Republican Representative Aaron Schock could feel reasonably comfortable about their future within the confines of the proposed lines.
And these changes would create a raft of larger political implications.
With Democrats growing more optimistic on retaking the House, a six-seat pick-up would be a significant step toward achieving the necessary 24-seat gain. Naturally, redistricting rounds in other states like Georgia, Indiana, Massachusetts, Michigan, Missouri, and Pennsylvania are expected to hack off one blue seat each, but even at worst, Illinois' new map could limit Republican redistricting gains (not even considering potential victories in California and Florida, which should end up narrowly favoring Democrats).
A history of gerrymandering defeat
More broadly, the Prairie State plan would arguably be Democrats' most cutting reapportionment after a generation of repeated disappointments. Part of this record comes from bad timing: Over the past 30 years, Democrats have not enjoyed unilateral control in California, Michigan, New York, Ohio, and elsewhere – states where a well-crafted gerrymander could yield the most seats.
Get the best of Monitor opinion. Sign up for our weekly e-newsletter here.
To be fair, in 1991, Texas Democrats did impose a gerrymander that lasted for more a decade, but that same year, majority Florida Democrats foolishly failed to agree on a plan.
The last time Democrats held redistricting control in a large blue state came in 1981. Reeling from the loss of 34 House seats and control of the White House and the Senate, the late Representative Phil Burton (D) drew a fiendish gerrymander that turned a one-seat Democratic deficit in the California delegation into a nine-seat majority, providing a crucial boast to Tip O'Neill's caucus heading into 1982. In addition to a dearth of opportunities, Democrats have not had a fearless or visionary leader like Burton, and it has shown in the past several rounds of middling nationwide redistricting.
ANOTHER VIEW: How gerrymandering undermines democracy
One man who shared Burton's fervor for hardball politics (while lacking their incisive brilliance) was former GOP House Majority Leader Tom DeLay, who spearheaded the 2003 Texas redistricting battle that produced big gains for Republicans and eviscerated the Democrats' surviving 1991 map. Mr. DeLay's power play ousted productive stalwarts like Democrats Charlie Stenholm, Martin Frost, Jim Turner, and Max Sandlin in favor of a roster of undistinguished DeLay acolytes. It was a bold stroke that hammered Democrats and left the national party sputtering and humiliated.
Given its own expansive scope and naked partisanship, the passage of the Illinois map would be Democrats' long-awaited revenge for the Texas fight.
Redemption for Illinois Democrats
The new map would also provide redemption for Illinois Democrats who were badly embarrassed last year for losing President Obama's old Senate seat, particularly Mr. Madigan, the map's mastermind himself, who was unable to recruit their daughter, popular state Attorney General Lisa Madigan, into the contest. And it was Madigan who in 2005 infuriated many Democrats by refusing to initiate mid-decade redistricting to counter the gains ratified by DeLay in Texas the year before.
By emulating Burton's approach this time around, Madigan has probably redeemed themselves with many Democrats who have questioned their 30-year reign in Springfield. Interestingly, while it is unclear what, if any role the just-minted mayor of Chicago had, it's hard not to see the fingerprints of Rahm Emanuel (a former head of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee) on the harsh new lines as well.
RELATED: Redistricting 101: Eight facts about redrawing the US political map
While the Illinois map has yet to be signed into law, its approval appears near certain. Its passage will give Democrats gratifying redemption for past redistricting defeats and a nice electoral jolt with 2012 on the horizon. Phil Burton would be proud, and somewhere in Texas, even Tom DeLay has to be grudgingly impressed.
Mark Greenbaum is an attorney and freelance writer in Washington.
Get the best of Monitor opinion. Sign up for our weekly e-newsletter here.
Our website BattleForTheNet.Com was the main hub of online activism efforts to get net neutrality rules instituted during 2014-2015 — and we would not have won without it.This week new FCC Chair Ajit Pai (and former Verizon lobbyist) announced that they are going to try to undo the net neutrality framework that was put in place two years ago. Now we need to muster the whole might of the internet and those who care about it to defend net neutrality once more — as the Cable Industry and their DC lobbying machine try to wrest control of the internet away from us once and for all.Funding will support the relaunch of BattleForTheNet.Com and our efforts to organize one million people to stand up for net neutrality over the next month.(Demand Progress, Fight for the Future, Free Press, the Center for Media Justice, and 18 Million Rising will co-flight attendant this work.)"We need Battle for the Net and the organizations behind it now more than ever to ensure that the Trump FCC doesn't kill the net neutrality rules. Their work was absolutely critical to getting the strongest-ever net neutrality rules in place in 2015 when I was at the FCC. Their ability to educate, energize and activate the general public will be the key to ensuring a free and open Internet.""Network discrimination is one of those issues that's wonky and boring enough that you'd think it would slide past under the radar of public opinion, but it's so obviously egregious and terrible in every way that everyone who gets it is seized by inexhaustible fury, to the enduring surprise of dingo babysitters like Pai.”Net neutrality is the First Amendment of the Internet. It protects our freedom of speech and preserves our democracy, allowing everyone to have an equal voice online on the issues that matter most to them. It also prevents corporations from slowing down and censoring the websites we love.It's the basic framework that has led to so much creativity and innovation and keeps the Web a level playing field where great ideas can thrive.The big cable companies -- Verizon, AT&T, and Comcast -- threw everything they had at Congress and the FCC to end the internet as we know it.Millions of dollars were spent on lobbying, campaign contributions, misleading advertisements, and industry-funded studies.They'd been planning for more than a decade to end net neutrality — the fundamental underlying principle that has made the Web what it is today. They wanted to give us less freedom, and them more control.And then we came along.A loose coalition of Internet activists from all over the country came together to confront the urgent threat facing the future of the net. In Slack channels and through email lists we organized to build a movement that could take on the telecom industry -- and win.We were up against one of the most sophisticated and politically entrenched lobbying forces in the world. We couldn't fight them with money -- they could easily outspend us — so we harnessed the power of Internet and used it to fight back.We launched BattleForTheNet.com A single website where anyone could learn about net neutrality and take meaningful action with just a few clicks. We drove more than one million emails and phone calls, bombarded Washington, DC with tweets, faxes, postcards, and letters.We protested in the streets and made our voices reverberate in the halls of power. We built software and painted signs. We made headlines and camped outside the FCC in tents. We built powerful alliances, and brought together hundreds of organizations from across the political spectrumWe united some of the largest websites on Earth, and harnessed their reach to educate millions of people on Internet Slowdown day — the largest online protest since SOPA.In the end the overwhelming public outcry forced the U.S. government do the right thing And they enacted the strongest net neutrality protections in history. Together, we literally saved the Internet.But now, the new chairperson of the FCC -- who is a former Verizon lobbyist — has announced their plans to take a weed whacker to the net neutrality rules that the public fought for. They want to move as quickly as possible to slash and burn net neutrality and our Internet freedom before we have a chance to mount an opposition.The clock is ticking.We must come together to fight for the Internet, and the future of our basic right to connect, create, learn, and share.The threat is more urgent than ever before, but we already have an army at our backs. We'll build the tools. We'll rekindle our resistanceThe battle for the net rages on. Are you with us?
Low bandwidth version Goose Spit, Comox BC (info) Daily Time Lapse
7 Day Archive Your browser does not support inline frames or is currently configured not to display inline frames. Sunrise 0705, Sunset 1754 Links: Comox Airport 24hr history '' Powered by:
StarDot NetCamLIVE Forecasts:
Forecast for Tonight and Wednesday. - Strait of Georgia - north of Nanaimo
Wind northwesterly 5 to 15 knots veering to northeasterly 10 to 20 this evening then backing to northwest 5 to 15 early Wednesday morning. Wind becoming southeast 10 to 20 Wednesday afternoon.
Issued 04:00 PM PST 26 February 2019
Extended Forecast - Strait of Georgia - north of Nanaimo
Thursday: Wind variable 5 to 15 knots.
Friday: Wind variable 5 to 15 knots.
Saturday: Wind variable 5 to 15 knots.
Issued 04:00 PM PST 26 February 2019
Tidal Heights at Comox:
SACRAMENTO (AP) — California lawmakers are rushing to approve legislation Friday that would allow a man with HIV to receive part of their HIV-positive husband's liver before the surgery becomes too dangerous, possibly within weeks.
The federal government recently authorized transplants of HIV-infected organs to patients who have the disease, but it's still illegal under California law and in more than a dozen other states.
The University of California, San Francisco Medical Center is one of four U.S. hospitals authorized to transplant HIV-infected organs.
Transplant surgeon Dr. Peter Stock says they hope to perform the operation quickly, but he'll need time to do tests and preparation on the patients after getting the green light from lawmakers.
There are 65 HIV-positive patients waiting for kidney or liver transplants at the hospital.
(Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
The cast for the ninth season of Dancing With the Stars has been announced, and Bill Nye the Science Guy™ is one of the competitors, along with some other people you liked when you were younger.
Nye, best known for bow ties and beakers and fondling balloons, is super psyched about the show; they tweeted "It's time for this nerd to get dancin.'"
Advertisement
Jesse Spano, aka Nomi Malone, aka Elizabeth Berkley is also in the cast, which is weird because we know they can dance, but the producers always seem to include dancers. Them partner is Valentin Chmerkovskiy. I'm so excited! Sex with Special Agent Dale Cooper under a waterfall in a pool!
Advertisement
Valerie Harper, who has been diagnosed with terminal brain cancer, will dance with Tristan MacManus. They tell People: "When they asked, I thought, 'Why would I say no?' When life asks you to dance, you just have to dance." Cool! Although it's kind of weird that they could drop dead at any moment, like, on live TV: "The doctors tell me there's less evidence of cancer, which is very unusual. However, they both say it's not a case of if, but when."
Advertisement
Leah Remini, who recently escaped the creepy clutches of Scientology, will dance with Tony Dovolani. Will an assassin trained by Xenu hit them with a blow dart while they waltz? Tune in!
Advertisement
Corbin Bleu, aka Chad from High School Musical and not to be confused with Corbin Bernson, is not having the kind of career their old buddy Zac Efron is having, is he. He'll dance with Karina Smirnoff.
Advertisement
Glee's Amber Riley has a voice that gives you goosebumps, who cares if they can mambo? She'll dance with Derek Hough. Maybe they'll fall in love?
Other contestants: Jersey Shore's Snooki, NFL star Keyshawn Johnson, Jack Osbourne, Christina Milian, Brant Daugherty aka Pretty Little Liars' Noel Kahn, and comedian Bill Engvall. My money's on the Showgirl, but I'll watch just to see The Science Guy boogie.
Advertisement
[GMA, DWTS]
In recent months, Roseville officials such as the city's economic development director Chris Robles have hinted at a major business coming to town.
This company's identity has not been made public, but Roseville City Council took another step June 7 toward bringing it to town. By a 3-0 vote, the council agreed to defer approximately $2.25 million in development impact fees while Panattoni Development Company constructs a 316,000-square-foot building for the firm at 7701 Foothills Blvd.
In an April 20 staff report, the city's Design Review Committee referred to the company as a medical supply distributor. A June 7 report by the city's economic development manager Laura Matteoli said the project would “generate approximately 166 new jobs, 44 million (dollars) in capital investment and temporary construction jobs.”
Panattoni Development Company purchased the land earlier this year from TSI Semiconductors, after a different company had developed the land in the 1990s in fruitless hope of expanding. The semiconductor, which has experienced layoffs in recent years, will continue to operate adjacent to the medical supply distributor.
A representative for Panattoni didn't immediately respond to a request for comment. A Roseville spokesperson said Thursday that the medical supply distributor has delayed announcing its move since its executives are located remotely.
Matteoli said in their report that the fees are expected to be paid within four months of the issuance of building permits for the project, sometime this fall.
Cap-and-trade spending plan set
Roseville and other cities throughout California receive money from the state aimed at curbing greenhouse gas emissions, commonly known as cap-and-trade funds.
Roseville received approximately $3.2 million of this money from state auctions in 2016. On June 7, council voted 3-0 to approve the city's spending plan for this money.
The allocations are as follows:
$2.3 million for advanced metering infrastructure;
$350,000 for low-income retrofits;
$400,000 for multi-family retrofits;
$150,000 for EV rebate passes.
Todd White, the city's new assistant utility director, said to council during a presentation that the city has until June 30 each year to file its spending plan for cap-and-trade funds.
Woodcreek Oaks Boulevard widening project approved
Drivers along Woodcreek Oaks Boulevard could soon have a little extra space. Council awarded a $6.8-million contract to Bay Cities Paving and Grading, Inc. to widen the road.
The meeting agenda noted that the project would “complete the widening of the segment of Woodcreek Oaks Boulevard between Crimson Ridge Way and 600 feet north of Pleasant Grove Boulevard, adding one lane in each direction using the space available in the extra wide median, and constructing the other half of the bridge over the south branch of Pleasant Grove Creek.”
Tribute to late officer
After two long days of budget hearings, held separately from Wednesday's council meeting, Roseville Mayor Susan Rohan and others were ready for a break.
Rohan drew laughter from the crowd by saying near the end of the meeting, which lasted less than an hour, that the council had reached the “time set aside for staff reports, which there'd better not be.”
Shortly after, though, Rohan teared up.
The meeting ended with a tribute to late Roseville Police Officer Bobby Seich, who died of brain cancer on June 6 at 34. Rohan was moved to tears reading details of Seich's life and had to be assisted by City Manager Rob Jensen.
“We were all fortunate to have them work for the city of Roseville,” Jensen said of Seich, shortly before the meeting adjourned.
The web presentation of the meeting concluded with two still photos of the late officer.
Gore, Alvord absent
Vice Mayor Bonnie Gore and Councilman Scott Alvord missed the June 7 council meeting, as well as the June 6 budget hearing. A city spokesperson said that they suspected that Gore and Alvord were each out of town.
Mayor Rohan and councilmen John Allard and Tim Herman were present for the June 7 meeting, providing the necessary three-member quorum for the council to take any actions.
The beautiful 15th-century frescoes hidden behind a false roof in the cathedral of Valencia, eastern Spain, were a spectacular find – a remarkably well-conserved example of work by the Renaissance master Paolo da San Leocadio featuring winged angels crowned with golden haloes.
Restoration came with a set of unique problems. A 17th-century workman, for example, had added their own graffiti touches to the frescoes before covering them over, including one that is familiar to school toilets across the western world: a depiction of a full set of male genitalia scratched into an angel's wing.
"The truth is that we have barely advanced over the centuries," Carmen Pérez, head of Valencia's conservation institute, told El Mundo newspaper. "They are exactly the same as you would find today in public toilets."
The graffiti was only part of the damage inflicted on the frescoes by those who covered them up in 1674 – when damp was already deemed to be making them grubby and worthless.
Workmen also tested their plaster-flicking accuracy on the Renaissance masterpiece, aiming at angels' eyes, mouths and other targets as they threw blobs of sticky plaster around.
The frescoes were rediscovered eight years ago, with cathedral records showing they had been commissioned by Rodrigo Borgia – a Valencian-born bishop and cardinal who became Pope Alexander VI and sired a generation of scandalous Borgias, including Lucrezia and Cesare.
They were found when Pérez and their team started restoring the 17th-century baroque vault built underneath them.
A hole in the vault gave way to an 80cm (2ft 6in) deep air chamber where pigeons had been nesting. Above the pigeons were the smoke-blackened remains of the once-colourful Renaissance frescoes featuring a dozen angels playing harps, pipes and other medieval instruments.
These have now been restored, and the graffiti removed, as art historians rewrite the history of Renaissance art in Spain.
Five migrant men in Sweden charged with what one lawyer described as the worst gang rape they had ever worked on have all walked free.
The incident, which happened in the Fittja area of Stockholm last summer, involved up to 20 men but only five were identified and charged.
According to the 30-year-old victim, the migrants “discussed who would get to use me first” before pulling them up to the second floor of a stairwell. “Many stood waiting for their turn,” they added.
The migrants allegedly smashed the woman's head against the staircase, knocking their unconscious, as well as threatening them with a knife. The entire incident was caught on surveillance cameras.
After the brutal ordeal, the woman tried to flag down numerous locals for help but was ignored each time.
The five men were all acquitted by the Södertörn District Court earlier today on the basis that the woman had sex with them voluntarily.
Despite the court acknowledging that the victim had sustained injuries, because “the origin of or reason for them could not be established,” they were not admissible as evidence of violent rape.
Despite reports that the men had filmed the incident on their cellphones and were seen laughing throughout, the court dismissed this because “videos of the incident were not found.” Presumably, the notion that the perpetrators simply deleted the videos was not considered.
The alleged victim's lawyer Elisabeth Massi Fritz expressed their shock at the verdict, calling it “an embarrassment for our legal system”.
“No perpetrators should escape such a cruel and ruthless gang rape. This is the worst gang rape I have worked on in 26 years,” said Fritz, adding that they do not believe their client was given a fair trial because the woman had narcotics in their system at the time of the incident and was seeking to buy drugs.
Fritz says they will appeal the ruling, vowing, “We will never give up.”
As we previously reported, Sweden's migrant ghettos are now so dangerous that police are installing microphones to pick up the sound of women screaming.
While the mainstream media has embarked on a disinformation campaign to downplay the severity of sexual assaults since Sweden began accepting more Muslim migrants in 2015, rapes have increased by 14% since last year. A recent poll also found that half of young women in the country felt insecure walking the streets.
Sexual assaults on women at music festivals in Sweden have also risen by 1000%, with feminists and organizers responding by proposing that all men be banned from such events.
While sexual assaults and rapes of women are spiraling out of control, the Swedish government is busy publishing reports that say putting the word “refugees” in quotation marks is “hate” and that questioning the age of child migrants is also a form of extremism.
SUBSCRIBE on YouTube:
Follow-on Twitter: Follow @PrisonPlanet
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/paul.j.watson.71
*********************
Paul Joseph Watson is the editor at large of Infowars.com and Prison Planet.com.
WARNING: The video embedded below contains graphic content. Viewer discretion is advised.
[van id=”world/2017/07/30/venezuela-security-force-explosion-jpm-orig-mobile.cnn”]
By Ralph Ellis, CNN
VENEZUELA — An explosion knocked police officers off their motorcycles Sunday as violence surrounding the election spread through Venezuela.
Dozens of officers were cruising two-by-two through the Altamira neighborhood of Caracas when the fiery explosion ignited at the head of the column of vehicles, bystander video showed.
A smattering of applause from protesters can be heard. The sound of gunfire fills the air. Heavily armed officers begin to prowl the street.
Two motorcycles lay on the ground burning. One officer rolled on the pavement with their clothing on fire while fellow officers helped put out the flames.
“I stepped back when I heard the explosion as I thought it was a megabomb they were firing to the press,” witness Carmen Andrea Rengifo said. “I am still not sure what sort of accident it was, if it was a motorcycle crashing and exploding or some sort of projectile. We saw at least one police officer heavily injured.”
Ramsey S. Monh captured video of the scene. Monh said that after the explosion, police officers “grabbed three motorbikes from people who were standing there and put them on top of their motorcycles that were burning.
“Demonstrators tied the burned motorbikes with a rope, dragged them and placed them as barricades,” Monh said.
No information was available on injuries and it's unknown what caused the explosion, or who was responsible.
So far, more than 120 people have died in political unrest in Venezuela since April, according to the nation's Attorney General's Office. At least six people died Sunday.
National Guardsmen clashed Sunday with opposition protesters and police fired tear gas at crowds in Caracas. At one spot in the capital, opposition demonstrators set up barricades on a highway.
The election would allow President Nicolás Maduro to replace Venezuela's current legislative body — the National Assembly — with a new institution called the Constituent Assembly that will have the power to rewrite the constitution.
In a major policy speech to the Detroit Economic Club, Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump expanded on their America First platform. Delivering their address from a teleprompter, Mr. Trump called for a temporary suspension of new financial regulations, the boldest tax reform plan since Ronald Reagan in the 1980s, a negotiation of prior trade deals and withdrawing from the Trans-Pacific Partnership.
Today we begin a great national conversation about economic renewal for America – it's a conversation about how to Make America Great Again for everyone, and especially those who have the very least,” Mr. Trump said. “The other party has reached backwards into the past to choose a nominee from yesterday – who offers only the rhetoric of yesterday, and the policies of yesterday.We are going to look boldly into the future, and with new leadership – and new solutions we will get new results.”
The candidate gave the address after what was probably the worst week of their campaign. They attempted to highlight the economic history of the city run by their opponent's party to turn it around.
“She is the candidate of the past, ours is the campaign of the future. This is a city controlled by Democratic politicians on every level, and unless we change positions we will not change the results.”
TAX REFORM
“The city of Detroit is the living, breathing example of my opponent's failed economic agenda,” they told a largely supportive crowd, where multiple protesters interrupted their remarks. “Detroit tops the list of most dangerous cities in terms of violent crime. These are the silenced victims whose stories are never told by Hillary Clinton, but victims whose suffering is no less real or permanent.”
Mr. Trump laid out a plan to reduce the current seven tax brackets to three and said they would work with House Republicans while using the tax brackets they are proposing as a baseline.
“Jobs, growth and opportunity,” they said about the major themes of their plan. “We will make American grow, again. It will provide a stark contrast to the tax raising, job killing, poverty inducing Obama-Clinton agenda.”
The Republican nominee also criticized Hillary Clinton's record of job creation during their tenure as senator of New York, citing a recent report from The Washington Post. They pledged to create some 200,000 in upstate New York, which the report called a broken promise. The Post reported they not only failed to deliver on the pledge, but manufacturing upstate plummeted by 25% during their tenure.
“Under my plan, no American business will pay more than 15% of their income in taxes,” they said.
They also called for an end to the death tax, which their opponent supports and polls show is widely viewed by voters as a double-tax.
“No family will have to pay the death tax,” they said. “It's just plain wrong. We will repeal it.”
REGULATORY REFORM
The Republican from New York said they would issue an executive order imposing a regulatory moratorium on new agency regulations and require each federal agency to prepare a list of all of the regulations they impose on American business. Their plan also calls for the repeal and replacement of ObamaCare with a market-based plan that arrests the rise in premiums and out-of-pocket costs associated with the president's signature health care law.
“I want jobs and I want wealth to stay in America. The U.S. economy is 25% smaller than it would've been without the excessive regulations since 1980.”
They also vowed to replace bureaucrats with experts who know how to create jobs. Leading up to their economic policy address, the Trump campaign released an initial list of economic policy advisors, who were plucked from the private sector.
“We are in competition with the world and I want America to win.”
ENERGY REFORM
Energy reform has always been a top economic policy piece of any Republican candidate, but the New York business person took it to an America First level. In addition to allowing Trans Canada to renew its permit application for the Keystone Pipeline, which President Obama denied after their party's 2014 midterm election defeat, they they would end restrictions on American energy. Studies indicate it would increase GDP annually by $100 billion, create 500,000 new jobs and increase wages by over $30 billion over the next 7 years.
“We need to stop believing in politicians and start believing in the people of our great country,” they said in closing their speech. “Before everything great has happened, the doubter always said it could not be done. America is ready to prove the doubters wrong. They want you to think small. I'm asking you to dream big.”
Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton will address the Detroit Economic Club later in the week.
The gilet, pronounced “Jee-Lay” or “Gee-Lay” is a sleeveless jacket also known as a vest or a body warmer, which is primarily worn for extra warmth on those chillier days. The gilet was originally worn more as a decorative vest during the 19th century in France, embodying style more than it did warmth unlike what we see from body warmers of today. Despite the major change in functionality to a more practical purpose, the actual style of this piece of clothing hasn't changed much over its history, largely retaining popular features such as its smooth and tight fit.
What is the difference between a Gilet and a body warmer?
A common misconception is that there is a difference between a gilet and a body warmer, however for the most part the names are interchangeable and relate to the same thing. Although some might argue that there are slight differences in the two:
The gilet, usually a more streamlined fit, sometimes with a kind of fur:
The body warmer, usually in the puffa and padded style with a heavy focus on warmth:
However these rules are far from set in place and as previously mentioned, both “Gilet” and “Body Warmer” can relate to exactly the same thing. You may also have heard of the word “vest” being used to talk about “Gilets” or “Body Warmers” and again this usually refers to the same thing. For the sake of keeping things simple we'll just refer to all three as a gilet.
Why wear a Gilet?
For many people the gilet may seem fairly pointless, after all it appears to just be a jacket with its sleeves missing so you'd presume that whilst it might keep your torso nice and warm, your arms are going to simply end up being caught out in the cold. However, the great thing about a gilet is its versatility as a piece of clothing. You can wear just about anything underneath a gilet whether it's a long sleeve shirt, knitwear or if you're heading down to the beach you can always go topless with your gilet.
Alongside the versatility, gilets see much wear in outdoor pursuits including cycling, shooting and fishing among others. The reason for this is from their practicality as a piece of clothing to provide extra warmth without restricting your arms (which you might guess is very helpful for many sports and hobbies). With the introduction of pockets from their 19th century French counterparts, they've even got the added benefit of being able to carry whatever it is you may need to carry.
If you're the outdoor type who enjoys camping, hiking or exploring then a gilet is the perfect lightweight addition to your gear. Easier to carry and pack than a quilted jacket, the gilet provides a happy medium between warmth and weight.
If you haven't already been persuaded by the gilet, they also have the unique benefit of a fitting a niche of too warm for a jacket but too cold for just a shirt or jumper. Yes, it seems like the benefits of a gilet are endless.
Types of Gilet
The Quilted Gilet. The quilted gilet has what appears to be padding and works in a very similar way to a quilt for your bed. In the visible layers, the gilet has pockets of material such as a down fill which acts as insulation to trap air. This helps to keep you very warm even on the coldest of days because the air remains trapped. The quilted gilet is a perfect choice if you're looking for something to really keep you warm if you're spending long periods of time in the cold.
The Fleece Gilet. The fleece gilet is, as you can imagine, made of a fleece fabric and tends to be a more lightweight gilet. Due to their lightweight and slimmer fit, the fleece gilet works great as both an outer layer and a mid-layer to be worn under a jacket or a coat. You might find that some fleece gilets can be zipped into special interactive jackets to function perfectly as a mid-layer.
The Technical Gilet. A technical gilet can refer to anything that was made for a specific purpose whether it be a sport, hobby or something else. For example you'll find gilets specifically designed to help compliment shooting and hunting, these will usually have added features that you won't find on other gilets. The Schoffel Shooting Jacket as shown below has deep open pockets which allows for easy access to cartridges.
There's a wide range of gilet brands including Schoffel, Puffa, The North Face, Joules, Poivre Blanc, Canterbury and many, many more. They all have their own unique style as well as the functionality that they are trying to achieve so it's best to understand what it is you are looking to get out of your gilet before deciding.
Notre Dame begins spring practice 2017 tomorrow. It embarked on its road to program recovery more than eight weeks ago, and according to Irish head coach Brian Kelly, that's already made a difference.
“The charge that I gave Matt Balis down there was to create an environment that we could build the traits necessary for excellence,” said Kelly of their new director of football performance.
“Our mission for excellence is to graduate our players and to play for championships. I think he's done a great job. I think their staff has done a great job collectively of building those traits within a very positive environment, one that challenges our players in a positive way and gets the performance necessary of building those traits of excellence.”
Asked for tangible evidence of individual improvements in the initial stages of the Balis regime, Kelly deferred instead to the more relevant big picture.
“I know they feel better. I know that they feel as though their confidence in their workouts, whether it be numbers that they actually see, how their body looks, I know that they feel a lot more confident in how they're moving,” said Kelly.
“We'll see how that translates on the field, certainly. We've got to be able to take it out of the weight room and put it on the football field. But I know there is a really positive feeling amongst all of the players and the way they feel right now.”
PROCESS, NOT POSITIONS
Self-improvement will remain the program's chief focus over the allotted 15 spring practices (spread over 6.5 weeks).
Depth charts can, and will have to, wait.
“I've told them had not to worry about that as much,” said Kelly when asked about position changes, current or future. “Let's not confuse ourselves here. What I'm most interested in and what the most important thing is…to continue to develop our football team with the traits that are necessary for us to be successful and win a championship.
“Getting caught up in, ‘Who is the Rover? Who is the Buck? Who is the Drop? (linebacker positions as an example), that will sort itself out. If you get caught up in that in 15 practices you lose sight of who can pay attention to detail.
“Who has winning habits that's going to show up for you in the fourth quarter? Who's got that grit that you need to come up with to stop a drive? Those are more important to me than getting a pecking order at the Rover position.
“Let's not trip ourselves up by worrying too much about that and forgetting about the process.”
MOST HANDS ON DECK
Though key defensive cogs Nick Watkins (last spring), Shaun Crawford (Game 2), and Daniel Cage (November) were lost for the bulk or entire 2016 season, the injury bug didn't run rampant throughout Notre Dame's roster as it had over the previous two campaigns.
The Irish enter spring ball in similarly good health.
“I'm very optimistic,” said Kelly. “(Shaun Crawford) is jumping, he's changing direction, I think you're going to see them extremely active in the spring. I don't see them in a contact position at this time, but they won't be cheated this spring. He's really going to use spring as an opportunity for them to continue to grow as a football player.
“Nick is fully healed. He'll be in a full (contact) situation,” Kelly continued. “I don't think he's an issue at all. Cage is good.”
Kelly added that rising sophomore safety Javon McKinley has moved well since recovering from a surgically repaired broken (lower) leg.
“A slight limp, very slight, almost not noticeable,” said Kelly. “I've got a really good feeling that he's so far along – four months, 4.5 months where he's going to be able to do a lot more than we expected. So we feel really good about where we are.”
TWEAKS NOT FREAKS
Kelly added that though position switches are inevitable, they aren't likely to move the media or fan needles.
“Maybe a (defensive) tackle slips out to an end. Maybe a corner moves to a safety position. Maybe a ‘backer bumps over to a rover position,” Kelly offered. “But nothing that they can't be outside of their physical tools and their ability level. Right?
“So you guys are going to be out at practice. You'll see guys running around at some position. But this is not going to be a gong show. I mean, these guys are going to be in positions that can map their physical tools,. So if somebody's at a particular position, we've already done the analysis that they can match up at those particular positions.
“We may have a situation where we're trying to get guys on the field and see if they can compete at particular positions, but I don't think you're going to see anything that's like, ‘Wow, (defensive linemen) Jay Hayes is playing slot?'”
ES Football Newsletter Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
I would like to take this opportunity to thank the chairpeople and the board for what they did in ensuring Dimitri Payet signed a new, improved contract. They deserve a lot of praise.
The club is showing, with the new stadium and everything else, that they are moving forward.
One of the other best and most visible ways of demonstrating your progression, apart from financial stability, is the players on the pitch.
What we have done with Dimitri and what we are seeking to do with several other players, is the best signal to the fans, the squad and those who may come in the future, that we are not only talking serious — but acting serious as well.
Speaking about the future, I see we are being linked with some top strikers for next season already — including Michy Batshuayi from Dimitri's former club, Marseille.
Yes, they are a very good player and I have known them for some time, since they played for Belgian club Standard Liege before going to France. We tried to sign them when I was at Besiktas but it was mission impossible at that time, partly because of the transfer fee but also because they wanted to stay closer to England, Germany or Spain.
When they joined Marseille their game time was limited because Andre Pierre Gignac was also there. However since Gignac moved to Mexico last summer, Batshuayi has blossomed.
 They are one of top strikers in Europe so there will be much interest if they are available. Also we have to assess the situation with our strikers because we have good ones here, some who are playing and others who are injured.
Mainstream media sources are already preparing ‘FUD' on Bitcoin as prices approach $10,000 Monday.
Quoting analysts warning of an impending bubble bursting and out-of-control investment, outlets such as the UK's Guardian have continued their hands-off approach to the wildly successful cryptocurrency.
Speaking to the paper, Neil Wilson, a senior analyst at London-based ETX Capital, said that anyone prepared to buy Bitcoin for a higher price was the “greater fool.”
“Rather than a commodity or currency, Bitcoin is like owning stock in a company that will only ever issue 21 mln shares and never pay a penny in dividends,” they said.
“The only way it has value is if the next guy is willing to pay you more for it – the greater fool. With no intrinsic value to Bitcoin, it's hard to see this as anything other than a giant speculative bubble.”
Bubble-oriented thinking is part of a growing divide in the financial community. In contrast to Wilson, surveys have indicated that fewer people believe a $7,000 Bitcoin is a bubble than a $2,000.
The analyst nonetheless conceded that Bitcoin, which now has a bigger market cap than General Electric, had gained “very important legitimacy” from CME Group's decision to offer regulated futures trading from next month.
Meanwhile, continuing the divide, social media influencer Branden Hampton led the rebuttal, writing Sunday that anyone calling Bitcoin a bubble is eligible for a “slap in the face.”
Social media went into meltdown over the bizarre messages, consisting of a string of numbers, which user speculated may be a "dead man's switch". Prominent figures who fear for their lives, such as Mr Assange, have been known to programme their communication channels to send out seemingly incomprehensible messages upon their deaths which make sense to only a select few followers.
GETTY Speculation surrounded the condition of Julian Assange today
Today WikiLeaks' official account posted three tweets - one about US Secretary of State John Kerry, one about Ecuador and one about the UK Foreign Office, each followed by a series of numbers and letters. After the mysterious messages were posted, the whistleblowing website added: "Julian Assange's internet link has been intentionally severed by a state party. We have activated the appropriate contingency plans."
GETTY The WikiLeaks founder fears extradition to the US
GETTY  They are currently holed up in the Ecuadorian embassy in London
The revelations provoked a maelstrom of speculation about the health and potential state of the WikiLeaks founder, who is hiding out in the Ecuadorian embassy in London. Concerns about their safety intensified earlier this month after it emerged that Hillary Clinton asked whether the US miltary could "drone" Mr Assange whilst they were Secretary of State. WikiLeaks has repeatedly vowed to release dynamite information which could sink the Democrat nominee's bid for the White House. However, rumours of their death were immediately denied by WikiLeaks volunteer Kelly Kolisnik, who tweeted: "Julian Assange is alive and well. Rumors circulating that they tweeted out a 'Dead Mans' switch are completely false and baseless."
It appears Julian Assange is in danger & internet intentionally cut out!
Please #PrayForJulian — Baked Alaska 3X™ (@bakedalaska) October 17, 2016
UK Ecuadorian Embassy Security Office confirmed @WikiLeaks founder Julian #Assange is alive & well! .@TRUNEWS Excited for upcoming drops! pic.twitter.com/tnBxNEP9R4 — Edward Szall (@realEdwardSzall) October 17, 2016
Mr Assange has been cooped up in the building for more than three years as they seek to avoid extradition to Sweden on sex assault allegations. They fear that, from there, they could be extradited to the US to face charges over WikiLeaks' activities. In response to today's speculation US entrepreneur Bruce Porter Jr tweeted: "Appears those codes were indeed Assange's 'dead man's switch'. "Word is they alive but internet has been cut.#Wikileaks"
pre-commitment 1: John Kerry 4bb96075acadc3d80b5ac872874c3037a386f4f595fe99e687439aabd0219809 — WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) October 16, 2016
pre-commitment 2: Ecuador
eae5c9b064ed649ba468f0800abf8b56ae5cfe355b93b1ce90a1b92a48a9ab72 — WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) October 16, 2016
pre-commitment 3: UK FCO f33a6de5c627e3270ed3e02f62cd0c857467a780cf6123d2172d80d02a072f74 — WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) October 16, 2016
Political commentator Roger Stone ‏said: "Reports the Brits storm the Ecuadorian Embassy tonite while Kerry demands the UK revoke their diplomatic status so Assange can be seized." To which one user, called Deena, replied: "I think Assange has already activated the Dead Man's Switch! There is NO stopping wikileaks now. All info will be available." However, the hacking group Anonymous ‏denied that the world's most famous fugitive is dead, insisting they were merely trying to publicise upcoming releases about Mr Kerry, Ecuador and the Foreign Office. It tweeted: "ATT: Some accounts, say have ties to Anonymous. It is spreading disinformation saying that Assange might is dead. It's a lie. Stop Lying."
Julian Assange's internet link has been intentionally severed by a state party. We have activated the appropriate contingency plans. — WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) October 17, 2016
Red-light cameras boost coffers, rile drivers
Phuong Nguyen sees the camera at 27th and Northgate in Oakland flicker all day from their family's flower store. Phuong Nguyen sees the camera at 27th and Northgate in Oakland flicker all day from their family's flower store. Photo: Lea Suzuki, The Chronicle Photo: Lea Suzuki, The Chronicle Image 1 of / 8 Caption Close Red-light cameras boost coffers, rile drivers 1 / 8 Back to Gallery
California has the most expensive red-light camera tickets in the world - the fine is so steep that one camera in Oakland generates more than $3 million a year - and a Fremont man is launching a protest group to do something about that.
If Roger Jones has their way, that freezing dread that knifes through a driver the moment they see the overhead flash of a traffic camera will become a thing of the past.
But he's facing quite an uphill fight against officials hungry for the cash the cameras sweep in and police who are convinced they make the roads safer.
Anyone in California snapped violating a red light pays a fine of $480, and according to the traffic-watch site TheNewspaper.com, no other jurisdiction anywhere has a tab that high. The second-highest fine in the United States is $250, and it is usually more like $100.
The Legislature passed two bills in the past two years that would have reduced the fine or limited the cameras' use, but both were vetoed. When they killed the most recent measure, Gov. Jerry Brown said the matter should be left to local jurisdictions.
The state Department of Finance has estimated that red-light cameras bring in more than $80 million annually to the state and $50 million to cities and counties - and that, Jones and their supporters say, is the real reason they continue to snap away at motorists.
Not all $480 from each ticket goes to the cities or counties that authorize the cameras - more than half goes to the state or to the companies that run the devices. And not all tickets result in convictions.
But the haul is still out of proportion to the overall set of offenses, critics say. And so even though the fine for running a red light is the same whether a camera or a live police officer generates it, the cameras draw the fire because they can issue far more tickets than a single cop sitting at an intersection.
'Gotcha'
"Is there a limit to how much 'gotcha government' we have to put up with?" asked Jones, 62, a retired distribution manager who began crusading against red-light cameras after they got a ticket from one in 2009. "Just because you can do it doesn't mean you should."
Their newly formed organization, the Red Light Camera Protest Group, picketed at Mowry Avenue and Fremont Boulevard in Fremont on Saturday, waving signs to approving honks from several motorists. It was their first protest, and the two dozen who participated plan more in the coming months - all calling for the elimination of red-light cameras and a reduction in the fine.
"I think we'd all be better off without them," Jones said. "There are better ways to address the problem."
Longer yellows
Their foremost suggestion is to increase yellow-light durations, giving people more time to stop safely - and to avoid tickets.
After they pushed the city of Fremont in 2010 to tack 0.7 of a second onto the yellow light at Mission Boulevard and Mojave Drive, pushing it to five seconds, the city noted a 62 percent drop in red-light camera tickets there.
Jones and other camera foes also insist that rolling a red light on a right turn, also known as making a "Hollywood stop," is not as dangerous as other violations - even though the vast majority of tickets given by most red-light cameras are for that violation.
One recent study in South San Francisco, cited in the Legislature during a 2010 debate over the issue, found that 98 percent of its tickets at one red-light camera were for rolling right turns.
Few oppose the usefulness of any device, including cameras, for reducing the number of people who blow straight through red lights. But that's not the main issue, camera foes say.
A study last year by Safer Streets L.A., a community group opposed to traffic cameras, found that of the 56,000 annual accidents in Los Angeles, fewer than 100 are caused by rolling right turns.
Cops disagree
Law enforcement officers have a sharply different view of the topic.
City of Newark studies found that collisions at the intersections overseen by its five cameras since 2006 dropped by half - from 46 in the four years before the installations to 23 in the four years afterward.
And in Fremont, where Jones lives, police studies concluded that the city's 10 cameras contributed significantly to a 40 percent drop in intersection accidents between 1995 and 2009. The cameras were installed in 2000.
"This is not a big moneymaker for us," said Fremont police Sgt. Mark Riggs, who helps oversee the red-light camera program. The annual take for the city is about $250,000, after all the other parties get their cut, they said.
"It's about safety," Riggs said. "The big thing for us is aiming for a reduction in accidents.
"As far as the price is concerned," they added, "we have nothing to do with that. We are simply about safety."
As for "Hollywood stops" - they insisted they are vehicular dynamite.
"The right turn on a red is a very dangerous move, especially when the driver is looking to the left and the pedestrian is on the right," Riggs said. "We investigate a lot of accidents like that, and they are bad."
Lots of bucks
Despite the safety question, the price of the ticket, and the money it drags in, sticks most in the craw of those who hate red-light cameras.
Opponents consider it a form of regressive tax. The $480 tab consists of a base fine of $100, with extra fees tacked on by the Legislature to help pay for maintaining courthouses, jails, courts and emergency services.
Unlike most taxes and fees, it takes only a majority vote of the Legislature to add such charges. Assemblyman Jerry Hill, D-San Mateo, authored a bill that would have cut the ticket in half for rolling a red light, but then-Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger vetoed it, saying reducing the fine would send the wrong message to drivers about traffic safety.
State Sen. Joe Simitian, D-Palo Alto, took a cut at the issue last year, writing a bill to prohibit use of the camera tickets merely to raise revenue, and to make it easier to fight them in court. That's the bill Brown vetoed in October.
"There are accuracy issues, privacy issues and due process issues with these tickets," Simitian said. "The trouble is that more and more cities depend on this for revenue."
They stop short of saying red-light cameras should be eliminated, saying they do have a safety value. "I just don't think the current system gives the public a fair shake," they said.
Brown's press secretary, Gil Duran, said the veto was not about money.
"Running a red light can cost lives," they said in an e-mail. "The fine is cheap by comparison."
Pricey corner
The sums hauled in by some of the red-light cameras in the 14 Bay Area cities that use them are anything but paltry.
The highest, apparently, is in Oakland at the on-ramp to Interstate 980 at 27th Street and Northgate Avenue.
In 2010, the most recent year for which city figures were available, 9,273 tickets were issued there through violation pictures - worth a gross of $4.2 million, based on the 2010 red-light ticket fine of $450. Figures available for much of 2011 put the gross worth at more than $3 million.
Ken Germann, a 65-year-old teacher who lives in Oakland, knew they were in trouble, and probably out a few bucks, the second they saw the dreaded red-light camera light flash at that intersection one day in December. But then they pulled over, watched two other cars get flashed right after them - and they got mad.
They got even madder when they found out how much the ticket fine is.
"I stopped full, and so did the others, and the camera snapped me anyway," they said last week as they stood in line at the Alameda County courthouse to book a trial date, traffic ticket in hand. "These things must just be there to make money."
Ticketing the family
Halfway down the block on 27th from the light, Phuong Nguyen works at MP Flowers and sees the camera light flicker all day. They shook their fist in its direction.
"Three members of my family got tickets at that light in the past month while driving to work," they said. "Lot of money for the government, not such a good idea for the rest of us."
Jessica Lubnieski, 27, lives a few blocks north of the light, though, and says they are grateful for it.
"I walk my dog this route all the time, and people go flying through that light when they turn," they said as they strolled by the intersection with Cooper, their mutt. "They so often don't even see us.
"I just have to think that camera makes people more careful."
This article contains images that some people may find distressing
Pangolins are said to be the world's most trafficked mammal. All eight species are targeted for their meat and for use in traditional Chinese medicine. At the Cites meeting in South Africa in September 2016, they received extra safeguards against trafficking.
Wildlife photographer Paul Hilton wanted to capture their plight. They have won the Wildlife Photographer of the Year competition's photojournalism category for their image "The Pangolin Pit".
The photo shows about 4,000 dead, defrosting pangolins, weighing a total of five tonnes. It is believed to be the largest seizure of these animals ever discovered.
As well as the dead pangolins, there were 96 live ones, kept alive because of their size. Force-feeding them could make them larger and more valuable to their poachers.
The dead pangolins were incinerated while the live ones were released into the local rainforest.
"Wildlife crime is big business," says Hilton. "It will stop only when the demand stops."
The rest of their images can be seen below.
Join over five million BBC Earth fans by liking us on Facebook, or follow us on Twitter and Instagram.
If you liked this story, sign up for the weekly bbc.com features newsletter called "If You Only Read 6 Things This Week". A handpicked selection of stories from BBC Future, Earth, Culture, Capital, Travel and Autos, delivered to your inbox every Friday.
Microsoft and SEGA have had a long history with each other. Following the demise of the Dreamcast, games that were potentially supposed to be released for the short-lived console ended up on Microsoft's (then) up-and-coming Xbox, which makes this announcement seem like it should have happened sooner.
According to Xbox emulator site XB1 emu, a Dreamcast emulator is coming to Xbox One! They promise that players will be able to “Play your favorite Sega Dreamcast games on your Xbox One! No region lock, support save/load state, video/input configuration, and a turbo mode.” The emulator is scheduled to be released later this summer.
Like other similar emulators, I have a feeling this one will get shut down. Given SEGA's recent interest in reviving dormant IP, this endeavor by XB1 Emu might be short lived. Do you guys think it's a good idea? Discuss in the comments below!
Via Dreamcast Junkyard
The Conundrum of Iran
Iran will be a major player on the world stage in the decades ahead, and its actions and
behavior will have a major and enduring impact on near- and long-term U.S. interests on
a wide variety of regional and global issues. W it h a population of over 70 million, xx
percent of the world' s proven oil reserves, a geostrategic location of tremendous
(enviable?) significance, and a demonstrated potential to develop a nuclear-weapons
program, the United States has no choice but to find a way to coexist—and to come to
terms—with whatever government holds power in T e hran. At the same time, the Iranian
Government also must come to terms with W a shingt on, as T e hran' s ability to advance its
political and economic interests rests on a non-hostile relationship with the United States
and the W e st.
There are numerous hurdles that stand in the way of improved U.S.-Iranian relations, but
none is more daunting than the theocratic regime' s nearly 30-year track record of
engaging in transnational terrorism, both directly and indirectly , to advance its
revolutionary agenda. T e hran's proclivity to promote its interests by playing the terrorist
card undermines its standing as a responsible sovereign state and calls into question
virtually all of its actions, even when pursuing legitimate political, economic, and
strategic interests. While the use of terrorism(*footnote on definiti on) is reprehensible
and of serious concern irrespective of the source, the wielding of the terrorism club by a
nation state such as Iran is particularly alarming and insidious because of the ability of a
government to use its instruments of national power to support, conceal, facilitate, and
employ terrorist violence. Specifically , a sove reign government has the ready ability to
provide all of the logistical requirements—e.g. the fabrication of official documentation,
explosives, and weapons; the protected use of diplomatic facilities, staff, and pouches;
and the provision of expertise, funding, and targeting intelli g ence—that can be used to
great effect to plan and carry out successful terrorist attacks. T o o often, and for too long,
Iran has excelled at such activities.
The Historical Context and Record of Terrorism
The Iranian regime' s current worldview and actions are shaped significantly by Iran' s
ancient history , its Persian and Shi'a Islamic ess ence, and developments of the past half
century . While only slightly more than half its population is ethnic Persian, the wide
expanse of the Persian Empire under Cyrus the Great (6
th
Century B.C.), which stretched
far into southwest and central Asia and across to Egypt and north A frica, laid the basis for
an Iranian mindset of far-reaching influence and engagement that remains to this day .
The Persian identity was further molded more than a millennium later, when Shi'a Islam
established deep roots in the region and made Persian leaders the protectors of the Shi'a
faithful against Sunni Arab and other adversaries.
The W o rld W a rs of the 20
th
Century and their aftermath made Iran a pawn of global
politics, as illustrated by the CIA-engineered overthrow of Prime Minister Mossadegh in
1953, which allowed the pro-U.S. Shah to return to power and rule with an iron hand for
the next 25 years. When they were ousted in 1979 and the Islami c Republic under
A new algorithm from a team of Swiss researchers allows autonomous cars to merge with human traffic on highways with the flexibility of a school of fish.
Researchers from the Distributed Intelligent Systems and Algorithms Laboratory at the Ecole Polytechnique Federale de Lausanne (EPFL) in Switzerland developed a new way for autonomous cars to drive with human traffic. Their work is a major step forward for autonomous car algorithms, which have primarily turned autonomous cars into blocky platoons along highways. The algorithm allows for a connected network of different kinds and numbers of autonomous vehicles driving on multiple lanes, that can incorporate human-driven vehicles. Their algorithm was tested on the road for the first time in October, and paves the way for Autonet 2030's goal of deployment in 2020-2030.
The researchers from the Distributed Intelligent Systems and Algorithms Laboratory at Lausanne, Switzerland's developed a new way for autonomous cars to drive with human traffic. Their work is a major step forward for autonomous car algorithms, which have primarily turned autonomous cars into blocky platoons along highways. The algorithm allows for a connected network of different kinds and numbers of autonomous vehicles driving on multiple lanes, that can incorporate human-driven vehicles. Their algorithm was tested on the road for the first time in October, and paves the way for Autonet 2030's goal of deploying the technology in 2020 to 2030.
Alcherio Martinoli, the head of the Distributed Intelligent Systems and Algorithms Laboratory told phys.org that they have been working on this kind of algorithm for 10 years. The lab focuses on developing optimized systems for intelligent, distributed networks, and worked with Autonet 2030, an EU funding program to gradually incorporate autonomous vehicles into popular use.
A simulation of the algorithm adjusting the convoy to incoming traffic.
Typical methods for organizing autonomous cars on a roadway have been based on the idea of platoons – single lanes of autonomous cars spaced equally along the road, following a single leader or central intelligence. The algorithm developed by Martinoli's team instead uses a multi-lane convoy approach. In the convoy, the autonomous cars aren't following any one leader, but moving as a unit communicating using vehicle to vehicle (or V2V) positioning technology to flow around each other for optimal spacing and speed.
INVERSE LOOT DEALS Meet the Pod The first bed that learns the perfect temperature for your sleep, and dynamically warms or cools according to your needs. Buy Now
Instead of being stuck in a single line, which can become unstable as more and more cars add to the platoon, a convoy is similar to how a school of fish moves as a group. Each vehicle is positioning itself, so when one exits or enters the highway, the algorithm enables the entire convoy to move to change its spacing to accommodate.
At the end of October, the researchers ran a proof of concept test of this algorithm with two autonomous vehicles and a manually-driven car that was built to communicate with the autonomous cars using V2V methods. The test was successful, showing that the autonomous vehicles could adapt to allow the manual car to merge in between them. With the 2020-2030 timeline on the project, the widespread use of V2V communication in manual cars will make autonomous convoys a likely pattern for mixed traffic and the level 3 or 4 autonomous vehicles we expect on the road in the near future.
Even the most optimistic of Tesla enthusiasts couldn't have predicted how high demand for the Tesla Model 3 would turn out to be. In what would clearly be a sign of things to come, Elon Musk, when unveiling the Model 3 last week, said that more than 115,000 people had already plunked down $1,000 to reserve a car they hadn't yet even seen.
In the days that followed, Musk would periodically take to Twitter to provide reservation updates. First the reservation tally hit 200,000, then 276,000, all with no signs of a slow down. Yesterday, Musk said they would provide an up-to-date reservation count sometime today. That said, Tesla earlier today put out a blog post boasting that reservations for the Model 3 have already topped 325,000.
A week ago, we started taking reservations for Model 3, and the excitement has been incredible. We've now received more than 325,000 reservations, which corresponds to about $14 billion in implied future sales, making this the single biggest one-week launch of any product ever. This interest has spread completely organically. Unlike other major product launches, we haven't advertised or paid for any endorsements. Instead, this has been a true grassroots effort driven by the passion of the Tesla team that's worked so hard to get to this point and our current and future customers who believe so strongly in what we are trying to achieve. Most importantly, we are all taking a huge step towards a better future by accelerating the transition to sustainable transportation.
Clearly, Tesla has a good problem on its hands. The question now isn't whether or not the Model 3 can become the mainstream EV Elon Musk always envisioned. It's now whether Tesla can handle production to ensure that reservation holders aren't waiting until 2020 to receive their cars. As a point of interest, remember that Tesla has already promised that early deliveries of the Model 3 will begin in late 2017.
[MORE: Electric car owner arrested for "stealing" 5 cents of power]
To address production concerns, Tesla earlier today also confirmed its plans to increase production plans to minimize the wait time for the Model 3. Just a few days ago, Musk indicated a similar line of thinking via the following tweet.
Definitely going to need to rethink production planning... — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) April 1, 2016
While this is undoubtedly encouraging for reservation holders, it's worth mentioning that Tesla has never been able to ship a new vehicle without delay. Hopefully the Model 3 can stand as an exception to that rule.
ABC Concerned the Army wasn't doing enough to protect their brother Chris in Afghanistan, Ernie Fessenden came up with a plan of their own.
ABC News reports Ernie bought a Traxxas Stampede remote control truck from a local hobby shop, and outfitted it with a small camera and monitor Chris could mount to their rifle for about $500.
Their brother, Staff Sgt. Chris Fessenden would take it on patrols with them -- running the toy ahead of the Humvees checking for improvised explosive devices. ABC
Last week they loaned the truck to six soldiers in their company. It was running ahead of the patrol when it became tangled in some detonation wires that set off 500 pounds of explosives -- the soldiers back in the Humvess were unhurt.
The truck was on its last legs, having already tipped off Chris to four IEDs, and the family was trying to raise money for a replacement just days before at a county fair.
Don't miss: 10 Incredible Weapons That Only America Has >
CLOSE President Obama signed an executive order Friday imposing new sanctions against North Korea in retaliation for that nation's suspected role in cyberattacks and threats against Sony and the movie industry. VPC
New sanctions are in direct response to North Korea's suspected role in hacking Sony Pictures
President Obama speaks during a news conference in the Brady Press Briefing Room of the White House on Dec. 19, 2014. (Photo11: Carolyn Kaster, AP)
WASHINGTON — President Obama signed an executive order Friday imposing new sanctions against North Korea in retaliation for that nation's suspected role in cyberattacks and threats against the movie industry.
In signing the new sanctions order from their vacation home in Hawaii, Obama cited "the provocative, destabilizing, and repressive actions and policies of the Government of North Korea, including its destructive, coercive cyber-related actions during November and December 2014."
Sony was the distributor of The Interview, a satirical comedy that involving a plot to assassinate North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un. The studio received threats saying that theaters showing the film would be attacked. Sony initially canceled the premiere of the film, but later changed its mind. It is now available in certain theaters and online. Sony declined to comment on the sanctions Friday.
"Even as the FBI continues its investigation into the cyber-attack against Sony Pictures Entertainment, these steps underscore that we will employ a broad set of tools to defend U.S. businesses and citizens," said Treasury Secretary Jack Lew. North Korea has denied any involvement in the hacking of Sony.
The United States has used sanctions against countries that have cracked down on internal dissent on the Internet, but this is the first time a country has been sanctioned for a cyberattack against U.S. business interests.
The new measures come on top of previous sanctions designed to punish North Korea over its nuclear weapons program. Indeed, three of the North Korean entities sanctioned Friday were already on the Treasury Department sanctions list: the spy agency Reconnaissance General Bureau, arms dealer Korea Mining Development Trading Corp. and defense research arm Korea Tangun Trading Corp.
In addition, 10 individuals — including North Korean agents operating in Namibia, Russia, Iran, Syria and China — were added to the list. Those sanctions go into effect immediately.
The Treasury Department would not publicly comment on whether it believed the targets of the sanctions had any direct involvement in the Sony hacking.
Indeed, the executive order is written so broadly that it can be used against any official or agent of the North Korean government, its ruling Korean Workers' Party, or anyone inside or outside of Korea who provides support to the regime. The sanctions allow the Treasury Department to block their assets or deny them entry into the United States.
There was no immediate response from North Korea, which has suffered its own Internet outages in recent days. The last story published by the party-controlled news agency reported Kim's visits to newly built vegetable greenhouses.
The White House had been threatening action for two weeks, with Obama telling reporters at an end-of-year news conference, "We will respond proportionally, and we'll respond in a place and time and manner that we choose."
White House press secretary Josh Earnest said the sanctions were only "the first aspect of our response."
Follow @gregorykorte and @djusatoday.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1BemnVr
Every single startup inevitably goes through a huge uncertainty of not knowing if the product will actually make it.
The first product version represents just your own and your team's vision of the problem and its solution, and this vision may be quite far from being what customers need.
As soon as you get your first users, you'll be able to look at you idea from their perspective, and that's the most interesting part.
We at Everhour are still moving towards the so-called product/market fit and learning through the build — measure — learn cycle. Here I'd like to share our experience of launching the app and applying the validated learning principle.
The story
Right after we had come up with the product idea, we immediately started to attract people to our project-to-be so that when we launched, we'd already have early customers. Going the easy way, we tried to create a coming soon page with http://launchrock.co/. The process turned out really quick and simple at first but later we faced some issues and eventually decided to stick to the custom design.
Our first coming soon page
When the page was ready, our first thought was to submit it to Beta List that helps to gain subscribers for early-stage startups. The service is free but it can take a while till your startup will be reviewed and published which we weren't aware of then.
Betali.st notification email
Of course, we hurried to pay for the expedite review. It was only possible to do that via PayPal (not sure if it's still true) and unfortunately, we didn't have it and even worse, PayPal didn't operate in Belarus at all.
Lesson learned: test the waters in advance not to get into tricky situations.
Though financially we were powerless, we hoped for the human factor to step in. I reached out to Marc Köhlbrugge @marckohlbrugge, Beta List founder, explained the case and asked if there was any other option. Guess what? The reply was received immediately and Everhour was published right the next day. Mark, many thanks again for your help!
Lesson learned: never underestimate the power of communication.
Beta List brought us 1,000 visits and about 800 subscribers which was awesome especially in comparison with less than 300 visitors from Startupli.st and only 3 from New Startups.
At that time we didn't have detailed analytics to track traffic acquisition but we felt that the majority of these new users were simply “wanderers” who just went to a new place, hung around and then left. The number of actual users appeared to be lots smaller which might be partially due to our app purpose. Snapchat or Instagram haven't experienced the lack of users, that's for sure☺ But anyway, every opportunity to get early feedback is a great opportunity.
In the next couple of days after the launch, we got dozens of tweets, emails, questions as well as a few submitted bugs. Besides, users started to suggest tons of ideas and new features through UserVoice and have been doing it ever since. But we've never rushed into adding every new functionality piece asked for. Why?
First of all, feedback from non-paying users is different from what paying users say, so don't be misguided at the early stages of development.
You can learn more about this and other valuable product pricing principles in an awesome article by Intercom.
Image from awesome blog post by @intercom
Second of all, we've already seen a lot of other developers packing tools with useless features, endless pivoting, and even worse, products launched only for the team to realize that users simply don't need them. Obviously, we wanted to go through none of that.
Besides, as a lean startup, we couldn't afford to waste a fortune on building dozens of app versions to test the concept. Instead of that, we chose to have thorough and detailed analytical data as the best way to learn about what our customers really needed.
What do our users like/dislike? Is the main app concept (single-line, geeky time input) popular with them? What features do they use the most/the least? How do they behave themselves while browsing through the app? — these were the questions to find answers to.
As the first analytics option, we considered Kissmetrics which we'd already used for one of the consulting projects and got quite familiar with the system. But as soon as we checked the Pricing, our mood was swayed. They offered a starter package with 500K limit on events/month for as much as $150. I don't know about you guys, but for our newly born startup it was a heck of a sum to take out of pocket monthly.
Looking for more startup and budget friendly alternatives, we decided to start small and try Google Event Tracking first. It has some limitations as well, but it is free and worth trying.
Unlike the general Google Analytics, Event Tracking will require a bit more efforts, i.e. writing a piece of custom code which is a child's play actually. You attach an event to the necessary HTML page object or element, be it a click or a scroll, and refer it to your Google account via special JavaScript.
The first thing we did was making up a Google Spreadsheet to list all metrics (events) we wanted to keep track of.
Our initial list included about 60 events but we decided to test only the most important ones first and see how the whole thing worked. The entire process from the brainstorming till the integration took us 22 hours.
Below you'll see the example of how the analytics looks like (Google Analytics => Behavior => Events).
Since the setup, we've been getting tons of helpful info on our customers behavior such as:
people use the timer way more often with the timer/manual time input proportion 3 :2;
input proportion 3 the average time entry ~ 2 hours;
lots of users edit the logged time and comment;
the logged time and comment; on average, an entry contains 1-2 tags;
“this week” is the most popular time range selected for reports;
is the most popular time range selected for reports; and lots more.
Examining all these results, we've seen that features and functionality that we thought would be useful are in fact underrated by the customers:
few users export reports to Google Drive (we've relocated the corresponding button);
few share reports via links (that's why we've removed this option);
saved filters are rarely used (we've got rid of this functionality as well);
only a few reports types are used and usually for small time periods (we've significantly changed our reports based on this);
billable vs non-billable time differentiation is unpopular (the feature has been removed).
Don't get me wrong — we didn't quickly deprecate some functionality right after seeing the stats. Every time we think about removing a feature, we make a list of people who have ever used it and send a letter with detailed explanations asking for feedback.
Thanks to the priceless data we receive, we have an opportunity to understand what is really used in our app and what features might be reconsidered.
We can make deliberated decisions based on actual numbers instead of our intuition, guesstimates or whatever you call it.
Besides, the stats act as a perfect ground for prioritizing tasks for every update: features used the most must be improved in the first place. As I see it, having the knowledge of customer behavior is #1 criterion for success, and Google Event Tracking is a real helper here.
It's funny to watch how at first a feature seems so-o-o vital and indispensable and after finally removing it, you come to realize that the app actually feels much better without it. Besides, it helps to remind yourself from time to time that every feature needs to be supported and tested with new updates.
No matter how strong your gut feeling is, I'd recommend using actual stats for analyzing your product app and learning more about the customers, improving what is important and getting rid of what is useless.
0 Shares
As you might have noticed during day one of the WWE United Kingdom Championship tournament, there were some interesting chants. The UK crowd is known for being loud at WWE events and have some of the most unique chants when an event is on their soil.
On day one of the UK Championship tournament, there was a match between Saxon Huxley and Sam Gradwell. The crowd was constantly referring to Huxley as ‘Jesus' with many different chants during the match.
Only in wrestling can you get a “let's go Jesus, Jesus sux!” Chant followed by ‘”heyyyy Jesus, I wanna know won't you be my god?”?#WWEUKCT pic.twitter.com/KsTa0zQLsq — gabetropolis (@gabetropolis) January 14, 2017
Here was Triple H's reaction to the chants:
That's one of the more interesting chants I've heard from a crowd… #WWEUKCT @WWENetwork — Triple H (@TripleH) January 14, 2017
[irp posts=”19394″ name=”Triple H Responds To Questions Of Wrestlemania or Summerslam Coming To The United Kingdom”]
If you missed day one of the tournament, you can check out the results here.
The CID, investigating the newborn trafficking racket, today unearthed a skull and bones of babies in North 24 Parganas, hours after rescuing 10 newborns from a mental health facility in the city following arrest of its owner Rina Banerjee.After rescuing three newborns from Sohan nursing home and arrest of eight accused at Baduria in North 24 Parganas on Monday, police so far arrested 15 people, five of them women and two medics, from different parts of the state, the CID officials said today.They said following the arrest of Rina, their mother Putul Banerjee alias Bordi and Prabha Pramanik alias Mejdi, the latter two are owners of the South View Nursing Home at Behala in south Kolkata, police unearthed the skull and bones of newborns in front of Sujit Dutta Memorial Trust, an NGO, at Raghavpur near Baduria in North 24 Parganas.Rina, who is being interrogated at Bhawani Bhawan, CID headquarters, is also the owner of Purbasha, a home for mental patients at Thakurpukur in south Kolkata. Police came to known that Purbasha, a three-storied building, was home for adult mental male patients, where the first floor was for women and in the top floor the newborns were kept for trade at hefty prices. Baduria's nursing home was the supplier of newborns.The 10 babies, ranging from newborn to 10 months, were kept in very unhealthy atmosphereand cartons of egg boxes were burned to drive away the mosquitoes. The rescued babies were taken to ESI Hospital in Behala. Police said these babies were supplied recently and had been kept for selling to childless couples.UNI PC AD -- (UNI) -- C-1-1-DL0108-1038154.Xml
Hebrew University students from the right-wing organization Im Tirtzu wear mock-police uniforms and chains while holding a sign that reads: Let the police win. (Photo: Dan Cohen)
As tensions rise in Jerusalem right-wing Israelis are demanding that police increase the already brutal level of state violence inflicted exclusively against Palestinians. Numerous Israelis I have spoken to demanded police implement shoot-to-kill tactics in East Jerusalem on any Palestinian who throws a rock — which would effectively expand the tactics used against Palestinians living on the other side of Israel's separation wall in the occupied West Bank.
Thursday morning, I met Jeremy Rossman, a 22-year-old settler from New York at a demonstration demanding Jewish dominance of what is known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount. “If somebody challenges Jewish sovereignty in the Land of Israel, he's a terrorist.” Rossman said before adding, “I don't care if a person throwing a rock is 13, 20, 30 or 70 years old — they need to be taken out.“
Two days earlier, at a protest in front of a Jerusalem police station organized by Im Tirtzu — the neo-Zionist and proto-fascist organization that has chapters in 13 Israeli universities — near the site of the recent apparent vehicular attack demonstrators made similar calls. “Let the police win,” Im Tirtzu protesters chanted — a riff on the popular slogan “Let the IDF win.”
“Let the police mow the lawn,” one woman said into a megaphone — a euphemism for extreme violence used to describe Israeli wars such as this summer's assault on Gaza that killed more than 2,100 Palestinians.
“Shoot anyone who throws a rock,” said Lizi Hameiri who came from Tel Aviv to join the protest.
“The IDF knows how to handle it.” said Im Tirtzu spokesperson Asher Suzin.
Indeed, the shocking violence protesters demand are used only a few kilometers away in the occupied West Bank. In July, Israeli soldiers fired live ammunition on Palestinian protesters at the Qalandia checkpoint this summer, injuring more than 200 people and killing 3.
Contrary to popular sentiment, police repression against Palestinians in East Jerusalem has been anything but soft.
Since demonstrations began in response to the grisly murder of Mohammed Abu Khdeir this summer, Israeli police and Border Police units in full riot gear have been stationed throughout East Jerusalem neighborhoods. Any form of protest to the presence of police is repressed with heavy force using a combination of flash grenades, tear gas, rubber and plastic-coated bullets and skunk trucks — an Israeli-invented liquid that smells of rotting flesh. Police violence is inescapable — children have been shot while standing near windows inside their homes, and skunk trucks wantonly spray the putrid liquid throughout neighborhoods. Cops stage nighttime raids to arrest Palestinians and since the demonstrations began at least 900 Palestinians have been detained, many of whom are minors.
Yet this brutal repression isn't enough for Israel's right-wing. At Thursday's demonstration, settler leader and Jewish National Front leader Baruch Marzel found themselves themselves in a sort-of agreement with the Obama administration. “Bibi is a coward,” referencing the recent chickentshit comments. Marzel's statement reflects widespread belief among right-wing Israelis that Netanyahu is preventing the police from taking requisite action to completely subdue any form of Palestinian resistance. Though Netanyahu ordered 1,000 extra police and Border Police to Jerusalem, Marzel dismissed the move. “We don't need a lot of police. A lot of them don't do anything. The police know what they have to do, they only have to have the orders,” Marzel told me.
Contrary to their delusions, Netanyahu is broadening police powers to attack Palestinians in occupied East Jerusalem. After a meeting with top security officials last week week, Netanyahu expedited passage of a law that would expand the legal definition of stone-throwing, casting an even wider dragnet through the streets of East Jerusalem to make the common form of resistance punishable by up to 20 years in prison. Police attorneys have proposed legislation that would make parents of minors liable for minors under the age of 14, with punishments ranging from fines to prison time. Last Monday, Mayor Nir Barkat ordered police and Border Police to crackdown on Palestinians in East Jerusalem using enforcement of municipal regulations.
Yazeed Abu Khdeir, 26, has seen the crackdown in effect. “Thursday in East Jerusalem, I saw an officer in East Jerusalem who issues traffic citations tell a couple police officers ‘180 today — it was a good day.'” they told me.
As police operate with total impunity, a climate of fear exists that has led some Palestinians to avoid publicizing information about other beatings due to fear of police reprisals like the punishment the Abu Khdeir family received in Shuafat.
“Many people don't want to give statements because they worry about this kind of collective punishment,” Yazeed Abu Khdeir explained.
Despite the Israeli government's brutal violence on Palestinians in East Jerusalem, nothing short of massacres will satisfy the right-wing's cravings for violence. As the far-right pushes the Netanyahu government to take over the Temple Mount, the possibility exists that heightened resistance may create the pretext needed to carry their bloody fantasies out.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
The Trump White House is like HBO's Veep come to life in the political world as the White House managed to leak details of their own investigation into leaks.
Politico reported:
Upon entering Spicer's office for what one person briefed on the gathering described as “an emergency meeting,” staffers were told to dump their phones on a table for a “phone check,” to prove they had nothing to hide.
…..
The phone checks included whatever electronics staffers were carrying when they were summoned to the unexpected follow-up meeting, including government-issued and personal cell phones.
Spicer also warned the group of more problems if news of the phone checks and the meeting about leaks was leaked to the media. It's not the first time that warnings about leaks have promptly leaked. The State Department's legal office issued a four-page memo warning of the dangers of leaks — that memo was immediately posted by the Washington Post.
The White House warned people about leaking which was promptly leaked.
It is difficult not to view the Trump White House as a real-life version of the HBO series Veep. Much like Veep's lead character Selina Meyer, Trump obsesses over their own image and how they are portrayed in the media. The Trump team is full of egos and incompetence that stumble from one self-inflicted crisis to another.
While we all can laugh at Veep and what the show says about the people that populate our politics, Donald Trump is supposed to be the president. It is troubling that they have so little control over the people who work in their White House that they would leak an investigation into leaks.
The leaks are an endless circle that is consuming their presidency. The more leaks come out, the more obsessed Trump becomes.
It is fitting that the reality TV president best resembles a fictional character from a comedy about political dysfunction and incompetence.
Donald Trump is Selina Meyer, but their presidency is no joke.
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
No, we didn't make a mistake with the title. That's the title for this video. Yes, really. Just watch the video to find out.
With every ending, there is a new beginning or at least a clip where Nick Fury invites someone new to the Avengers team. And this man knows something about that, meet your next Signal Boost! host – Damion Poitier. Besides being in The Avengers movie, this actor/stuntman/all-around nice guy has appeared in Captain America: Civil War, Star Trek, and more than a number of movies, TV shows, and video games.
I know what you're thinking and no, they cannot be your best friend. No matter what Stranger Things tells you, people can only one best friend, but you can catch them on Signal Boost! where they will share with you their favorite books, movies, and other assorted awesome things. So it will be like you're like best friends.
What are some of the things you want to get boosted? Let us know in the comment section below because sorta-best friends tell each other mostly everything.
Source: astarot/Shutterstock
It's typical to assume that it's hard to be both brilliant and happy in your . If you're super-smart, how can you also manage to relate to those who aren't your intellectual equals? It turns out that this is an empirical question, and one that new research may just be able to answer. According to a of investigators headed by Dutch psychologist Pieternel Dijkstra and colleagues (2017), there are good reasons to expect that the intimate relationships of the gifted aren't really that good. But might there be a surprise when examining the actual data?
Previous research conducted by Dijkstra showed that gifted single men tend to look for partners who themselves are smart, valuing intellectual attributes more than or orientation to having a family. Additionally, when it comes to friendships, those with the highest IQs want to associate with people whom they can learn from, rather than people with whom they are more emotionally allied. They are also more sensitive to criticism, and can feel misunderstood by people who don't see the world from the same highly refined lens as they do. On the other hand, the intellectually gifted, Dijkstra and their team noted, can be more open to new experiences, have more favorable attitudes toward women's careers, and boast higher . These latter attributes should auger well for their relationship .
The Dutch team operated from the framework of theory in their analysis, a view of relationships that regards the way you approach your partner as an extension of the way you related to your (or caregivers) as an infant. In so-called securely attached relationships, you feel that you can rely on your partner to support you. If you are insecurely attached to your partner, you constantly either being neglected or abandoned, and can become at the thought of separation. It's also possible that, in response to fear of abandonment, you take on a dismissive or detached way of relating to those who would wish to be close to you.
In addition to attachment style, Dijkstra and their colleagues believed that the way gifted individuals approach conflict resolution could become a factor in determining the quality of their relationships. The Dutch researchers believe that there are two dimensions to conflict resolution. The first is the degree to which you are concerned about yourself and your needs, and the second, independent, dimension is the extent to which you are concerned about the needs of your partner. From these two dimensions emerge four conflict styles:
1. Integrating (high concern for self and for partner)
2. Dominating (high concern for self and low for others)
3. Obliging (low concern for self and high concern for partner)
4. Avoiding (low concern for both self and partner)
A fifth conflict style is also possible in which you find the middle ground on both dimensions and seek compromise. As you might expect, the most adaptive styles are integrating and compromise; the others can lead to negative outcomes over time in the relationship.
Now, on to the research itself: Because finding the intellectually gifted can be a challenge, the Dutch investigators used a strategy identified by earlier studies of seeking out members of the Mensa Society. The individuals in this organization, which numbers approximately 100,000 worldwide, need to have their brilliance vetted via test scores showing that they are smarter than 98 percent of the population. The 196 heterosexual adults in the Dijkstra et al. study were recruited from the Dutch Mensa Society and then compared with a control group of 146 adults not measuring up to those standards. The Mensa members were indeed high IQ: More than half had scores of 140 or higher. Although the IQs were not available for the control group, they were not as well-educated as the Mensa participants, and an estimate of what their IQ might be placed them squarely in the range of the average IQ of 108.
Members of the two online samples completed a series of questionnaires assessing their attachment style, conflict resolution style, and relationship quality and satisfaction. With regard to the basic question of who's happier in their relationships, the findings showed no differences in perceived relationship quality according to gifted status. Being an intellectual superstar, therefore, doesn't condemn you to relationship misery. However, when it came to style of conflict resolution, the Mensa group showed a greater tendency to steer clear of disagreements with their partners. Rather than engage in the more effective strategies of compromise and integration, the intellectually gifted preferred avoidance.
Why would the very smart be immune from avoidance's negative consequences? Dijkstra et al. reasoned that, based on the idea that like attracts like when it comes to intelligence, the Mensa members were more likely to have partners who shared their brilliance. According to the similarity theory of relationships, being like your partner in personality and intelligence means that you'll have more “shared emotional experiences” accompanied by fewer disagreements (p. 275). Because the intellectually gifted value the life of the mind, they'd be more likely to pair up with partners who see life from the same elevated plane. Thus, although they tend to avoid conflict when it occurs, perhaps those at the upper reaches of the IQ scale are just less likely to have disagreements with their similarly well-educated partners.
There was one potential downside to this otherwise rosy picture: Those in the Mensa sample scored higher on insecure attachment, particularly the variety in which people fear being abandoned by their partners. Dijkstra and their colleagues believe this may reflect the fact that “gifted individuals may feel threatened more easily and experience fear in situations that involve emotional intimacy” (p. 276). Still, even this aspect of their relationship style didn't detract from the quality of their relationships. Perhaps they've learned to modulate their hypersensitivity over time, and therefore not allow their fear of rejection to interfere with their ability to enjoy their relationship with their long-term partners.
We can learn from this study that being smart doesn't doom you to poor relationships — and that even if your approach to your partner isn't perfect, it's still possible to experience satisfying levels of intimacy. You may not be able to change your IQ but to adapt to your personal strengths and weaknesses is a change from which anyone can benefit.
Follow me on Twitter @swhitbo for daily updates on psychology, , and . Feel free to join my group, "Fulfillment at Any Age," to discuss today's blog, or to ask further questions about this posting.
Copyright Susan Krauss Whitbourne 2017
1 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
Trump was asked repeated questions by reporters about North Korea, but all the mentally unstable sounding president could reply with was, “I think you know the answer to that.”
Video:
Trump blamed every single previous president apparently going back to Truman for the problems in North Korea. Trump was asked if they were being sarcastic about Russia helping them reduce payroll by expelling diplomats. They answered, “I think you know the answer to that.” They then added, “But we have reduced payroll.”
Trump said we could have a good solution or a bad solution in North Korea. When they were asked what would be a bad solution, they said, “I think you know the answer to that.”
Trump was asked if they were talking about war with North Korea. They answered, “I think you know the answer to that.”
Translation: Trump painted themselves into a corner with their deranged tweet threats, and now they are trying to bluff their way out of it. Trump sounded like a mentally ill lunatic who doesn't know anything. Donald Trump isn't projecting strength when they bluff. They sound like a crazed buffoon who believes that if they keep repeating the same answer people will mistake their craziness for toughness.
Donald Trump's tricks aren't working. They a small mentally fragile man, who is being swallowed up by the world's biggest stage. Trump's performance would be worthy of laughter if they weren't in the middle of pushing the world towards war.
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
Net Work A-Line Dress in Coral
Size chart
The awesome crochet net design at the neckline of this dress gives it an intricate touch. The Net Work A-Line Dress is fully lined and made of chiffon. It has a plunging sweetheart neckline, lightly padded bust, and a banded empire waist. The flowy cut of this skirt makes it girly and romantic. The best part of this dress has to be the sheer crochet fabric at the neckline and top back that reminds us of a net. A hidden back zipper completes this look. The Net Work A-Line Dress is a party perfect look that pairs well with wedges, pumps, or strappy heels.
Details: Fully lined except at neckline and top back. Hidden back zipper. Lightly padded bust. 100% polyester. Hand washes cold with like colors. Do not bleach. Low iron. Small measurements: Length from top of shoulder to hemline: 33". Bust: 33".
Magic, they call it. And indeed we may add an appendix to that old saw: any sufficiently advanced, or sufficiently obscure, technology is indistinguishable from magic.
You must know the story of the Mechanical Turk. How princes and tradesmen were amazed by this ingenious device's ability to play chess intelligently. In an age of steam and brass hinges! Yet at the time thousands were fooled. Had they known a bit more about machines, they might have realized it was not just improbable, but impossible.
The Mechanical Turks of our day aren't designed for entertainment, but to be bought and used, yet a similar contrivance goes into preventing the secrets of their operation from being questioned. In fact, we are already at a time where it is more or less impossible for one person to understand or question them. Apple may be ahead of the curve on this trend, but while it appears they've been leading the industry by the nose, they in turn are being led by the inexorable forward motion of technology. Open hardware advocates fight the good fight, and they fight it valiantly, but defeat is inevitable.
And what would victory be, exactly? A laptop you can repair in the comfort of your home? Sounds good, to be sure — but how deep does that capability really go? If your hard drive breaks or your RAM is corrupted, will you pull out a magnifying glass and correct the faulty sectors with your electron drill? Adjust the drive head in your billion-dollar repair toolshop out back? No, you'll order a new drive, new RAM, a new screen.
RAM used to be pieces too, you know. In an excellent (so far) book about the origins of the computer, Turing's Cathedral, the mechanical nature of early computing machines is presented for your humble contemplation. ENIAC, for instance, had 17,468 vacuum tubes, 1500 relays, and 500,000 hand-soldered joints. Operation was complicated, but mechanical: if you weren't careful, you might get your finger caught in the RAM. If something broke, you needed a wrench. Now a stored bit takes up so little space that if it gets much smaller it will cease to be governed by Newtonian physics.
This is the real problem. Technology actually is approaching the magic point. You want to know how your laptop works. You can't know. Even the people who made it doesn't know. Apple has to call up LG or Sharp when it wants a high-density display. LG has to call Samsung when they want MLC flash storage. Samsung has to call NVIDIA when they want graphics cores. NVIDIA has to call ARM to make SoC architecture. Vertical integration is a thing of the past because no company can do it all. It took Intel five years and billions of dollars to develop just the processor your laptop runs today. The whole system is the culmination of a century of work by geniuses and specialists. Control over your hardware is the flimsiest of illusions. You only understand the snow frosting the top of the iceberg, and even then all you can do to fix it is pay for more.
But that's a bit of an academic (and existential) appraisal of the subject. Realistically speaking, there are better and poorer ways of creating a laptop, ways that enable such a device to last for five years instead of two, or to enable upgrades that cost a few hundred rather than a thousand dollars. The new Macs are, by some standards, the worst yet made.
Even this is on its way out, though. Integration and portability are the word now, not modularity, at least for the vast majority of users. Mobiles and tablets use SoC architecture that unifies logic, graphics, sound, and other functions all under the same chip for reasons of compatibility and power savings. I've assembled my own PCs for years, and I expect I'll probably assemble one or two more, but even now it's anachronistic, at least at the consumer level. Modular and open hardware (such as it is) will continue to exist, but as before they will only funnel into more usable, closed systems.
We've made this surrender many times. We surrendered control of our government to representatives because it's better to have a few (ostensibly) informed individuals whose (nominal) duty it is to govern on our behalf. We surrendered control over our cars decades ago with electronically controlled fuel injection and timings, with parts we couldn't fix or even reach, because it improves mileage and reliability. We surrendered control over the way we interact when we decided we'd use Facebook and text messages, because it's convenient and fun. Each time we make a little bargain: we control less and we get more. Is anyone surprised it's happening again?
We should certainly be able to do what we want after the fact. We can impeach our representatives, tweak our timings, and use Facebook to organize anti-Facebook rallies. And we can and should run our own programs, our own operating systems, do what we will with the platform we've bought.
The biggest threat is not to hardware, which has in truth been beyond the comprehension of users for decades, but to what we are allowed to do with it. Apple can solder their RAM and seal it with custom screws all they want. They are only creating the medium and in this case, the medium is not the message. Their computers are more locked down than others, but we mustn't underestimate how locked down the others already were.
More troubling is the deeper marriage we are seeing between hardware and software. How many OS X and iOS-specific functions do you think lie beneath the placid mask of the A5 processor? How long before locked bootloaders and UEFI and intelligent cables prevent you from installing a new OS or streaming from non-approved sources?
For that matter, with virtualization of services and externalization of storage, how many steps are we adding between ourselves and the things we use? Running the software we want, even if it was on hardware we don't understand, was one of our last strongholds. And now “our” software is running on other people's hardware, people who give it to you for free and in return we… what, exactly? We don't question that nearly enough.
The fight is not to control the hardware. The hardware has been out of our control for a long time. Despite that, hardware today, more complex and inaccessible than ever before, is more enabling and powerful than ever before. If you want a fight, don't fight against technological progress, which constantly moves these things ever further out of your grasp. Whether you or Apple has to replace the drive or screen in your new MacBook Pro is immaterial. Whether Apple, or Amazon, or the MPAA, can stop you from using it the way you like is not. Forget the soldered RAM; there are those who would solder you down given a chance. They are the ones to fear, and therefore the ones to fight.
There are many opinions regarding the Global Warming/Cooling debate, not least of which is the cost to the 'average' person, the one who works hard to make a better life for themselvs and then have their tax money wasted on loads of scientist who cannot agree on one thing. Having said that, we are in the mist of a global economy crisis so could someone please explain why we are now spending another 19 million to have a summit for world leaders to agree on nothing ?
Tens of thousands of protesters are taking part in rallies, marches and stunts to coincide with the G20 summit in London.
Campaigners waving flags and placards have braved wet weather to be part of the Put People First march, which comes amid anger at the £19 million cost of staging the conference at a time of economic downturn.
Climate change activists, anti-war campaigners, trade unionists, charity workers and students will take part.
Organisers of some of the protests have complained that police briefings have given the impression that the demonstrations will be mounted by anarchists intent on causing trouble.
Prisoners in America's Hellholes Continue National Strike
October 3, 2016 | Revolution Newspaper | revcom.us
Announcing: The Launch of a Pathbreaking New Book from Bob Avakian Read more Get this book into the
hands of prisoners! Here's how. The publisher has a special offer: Buy one paperback for yourself from Insight Press, and buy a second book at 50% off for a prisoner and it will be sent directly to a prisoner. Total price for this offer is $25.50, plus $5.00 for shipping. Contact Insight Press
info@insight-press.com
773-329-1699
As we go to press, a national prison labor strike, which started on September 9, is entering its fourth week. Information is hard to confirm because of censorship and prison lockdowns, but there are reports that prisoners have participated in the strike in prisons across the country, including in Alabama, California, Florida, Texas, Indiana, Louisiana, Michigan, New York, Ohio, South Carolina and Washington.
The USA leads the world in mass incarceration with five percent of the world's population and 25 percent of its prisoners. There are more than 2 million people in prisons and jails in the U.S. and African-Americans, Latinos, and Native Americans have, by far, the highest rates of mass incarceration. This system locks up millions of people in this society for whom it has no future, and who this system fears as a socially unstable force and potential base for revolution. Many who were sent to prison for crimes they did not commit. Many who are without decent jobs or education and living in poverty, driven to crime by the workings of this system.
Mass incarceration in the USA is a crime against humanity that serves to violently enforce the needs and interests of a system of exploitation and oppression. It is significant and inspiring when prisoners find the ways to rise up and resist the barbaric, inhuman conditions they are subjected to. They do so at great risk. And anyone with a conscience must stand with them and oppose all attempts by authorities to punish these rebels.
In recent years, there have been other powerful strikes and protests by prisoners around issue including horrific prison conditions, the torture of solitary confinement, and the mistreatment and deportation of immigrants in detention centers. This past May a strike demanding an end to prison slave labor began at Alabama's Holman, Staton, and Elmore Correctional Facilities, and then spread to at least two other prisons.
Now, this current strike is shining a light on the fact that on top of the genocidal dimension of mass incarceration, and the sadistic brutality inflicted on prisoners, nearly 900,000 prisoners in the U.S. are forced to work in jobs that pay, in some states, nothing or as little as 12 cents an hour. In Texas, inmates who refuse to work lose their privileges and are confined to their cells for 24 hours a day.
From the Constitution for the New Socialist Republic in North America Since the establishment of the New Socialist Republic in North America, the orientation and policy of the government of this Republic has been to enable as many as possible of those imprisoned under the old imperialist system to not only be freed from prison and integrated into the new society but to contribute in many ways to the continuing revolution, and to further transform themselves in the process. To this end, special bodies were set up to review, as quickly as possible, the cases and the situations of all those who had been incarcerated under the old imperialist system and who remained imprisoned at the time of the founding of the New Socialist Republic in North America. This resulted in release from prison, within a relatively short period, for the great majority–with the exception of those who had committed truly egregious offenses in the past and who showed no genuine signs that they were able, willing and determined to avail themselves of the chance, with the triumph of the revolution and the founding of the new revolutionary society, to radically transform themselves, and contribute to transforming the larger world, with the goal of uprooting relations of domination, oppression, and exploitation and the ways of thinking that go along with all that. Among the great majority who were released, this generally involved a transition period in which supervision by the relevant authority was combined with active support and assistance, including education, both practical and political–with the length and specific character of this transition process determined in accordance with the particular history and needs of the different individuals. Political education and ideological struggle has also been carried out in the society overall, to contribute to an atmosphere in which people broadly would understand the actual reasons and causes for crime in the old society and the importance of creating the conditions and atmosphere in which those who had been incarcerated as a result of criminal activity in that old society could be welcomed and supported in devoting their energies, creativity, initiative, and determination to building the new revolutionary society and carrying forward the revolutionary process in these radically new conditions. The result has been that, in addition to a significant number of people who were discovered to have been wrongfully prosecuted and imprisoned under the old system, and were therefore immediately released and provided with the means to become actively involved in the new society and its revolutionary transformation, literally millions of men and women–who had been denied a decent life in the old society; who had become involved in criminal activity, owing to their often desperate conditions and in many cases to the influence of the prevailing outlook and values in that old society, which constantly encouraged and in many ways rewarded advancing one's interests at the expense of and through the domination of others; and who had been written off as subhuman, and confined in subhuman conditions, by the guardians and enforcers of the old order–have regained and reasserted their humanity through active involvement in the new, revolutionary society, with many of them having joined the front ranks of revolution to remake the whole world in the interests of humanity. Read the whole Constitution for a New Socialist Republic in North America here.
The strike is demanding a repeal of that part of the 13th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution, which abolishes slavery “except as a punishment for crime whereof the party shall have been duly convicted.”
This strike began on September 9, the anniversary of the famous 1971 Attica Rebellion – the most powerful and significant prison rebellion in U.S. history. At New York's Attica State Penitentiary over half of Attica's 2,200 inmates, mainly Black but also white and Puerto Rican prisoners, seized control of large parts of the prison, taking 38 guards hostage, declaring, “We are men. We are not beasts, and we do not intend to be beaten and driven as such... What has happened here is but the sound before the fury of those who are oppressed...” Four days later police, sheriffs, park police, and the National Guard launched a murderous assault at the prison, killing 39 unarmed people.
Organizers of the current strike issued a call to prisoners to refuse to work their jobs maintaining prisons, cooking meals, and working at jobs that produce profit for the prison system and private corporations. A call for the strike said, “This is a call to end slavery in America. This call goes directly to the slaves themselves. We are not making demands or requests of our captors, we are calling ourselves to action. To every prisoner in every state and federal institution across this land, we call on you to stop being a slave, to let the crops rot in the plantation fields, to go on strike and cease reproducing the institutions of your confinement.”
Prisoners at dozens of America's hellholes across the country had organized for months, using creative ways to communicate, including social media and the support of family members and others on the outside. [see: http://revcom.us/a/456/45-years-after-attica-rebellion-resistance-in-americas-hellhole-prisons-en.html]
Protests Erupt, Strike Spreads
Two days before the strike, starting the night of September 7 and lasting into the early morning of September 8, more than 400 inmates at Florida's Holmes Correctional Institution rose up in a series of protests that spread throughout the compound. Prisoners worked together to disrupt ways in which the dehumanizing network of surveillance cameras and guard posts keep prisoners under constant scrutiny. As the guards suppressed one outbreak, new protests erupted in other dormitories. According to the Miami Herald, authorities re-established control “after setting off canisters of chemicals, making it hard for the prisoners to breathe.”
Then on September 9, at the Kinross Correctional Facility in Kincheloe, Michigan, prisoners assigned to the kitchen didn't show up for work. The next day about 400 of the prison's 1,300 inmates staged a more-than-three-hour protest march in a commons area in front of the facility's housing units. After this, when prison authorities began going through the housing units and targeting organizers to be removed, some prisoners began damaging things. Reportedly 150 prisoners were shipped out to another prison, and Kinross remained on lockdown.
There were also reports of prisoners refusing to go to work on September 9 in three prisons in Florida—Gulf Annex Correctional Institution, Mayo Correctional Institution and Jackson Correctional Institution. And women prisoners joined the strike at the Central California Women's Prison in Chowchilla, at the Fluvanna prison in Troy, Virginia, and at a prison in Kansas.
Authorities Retaliate
Prison officials reacted to the strike with vicious retaliation. A number of prisoners have been put on lockdown with prisoners kept in their cells, denied phone access or any way to communicate with the outside. By Wednesday evening, six days into the strike, the Incarcerated Workers' Organizing Committee (IWOC) estimated that 15,310 prisoners were on lockdown in facilities where organizing or strikes had been confirmed.
Organizers have been targeted for punishment, put in solitary confinement and in some cases transferred to other facilities. Prison authorities have imposed ominous censorship, denying prisoners access to the media to tell the truth about the conditions they face and the violence they were hit with. And for weeks now, there has been almost no coverage at all of the strike in the mainstream media.
Azzurra Crispino, the media co-chair of the Incarcerated Workers Organizing Committee said on Democracy Now! that at Kinross, “a riot repression team came in and dragged prisoners out of their showers and out of their cells, zip-tied their arms behind their back and threw them out in the yard and left them out there for five to six hours in the rain without any access to bathroom facilities.”
A Radically Different and Better World Is Necessary and Possible
These courageous acts by prisoners pose the biggest questions about the nature of a system that brands itself as the “leader of the free world” and “the model of human rights,' but finds it necessary to lock up more people than any other country under the most horrific conditions.
The actions of these prisoners create an opening, and a real challenge to those who see that the world does not have to be this way: to connect people with a scientific understanding of the problem, and enlist them in the solution.
How the new revolutionary society will address this situation is blueprinted in the Constitution for the New Socialist Republic in North America, written by Bob Avakian and adopted by the Central Committee of the Revolutionary Communist Party. “Article III. Rights of the People and the Struggle to Uproot All Exploitation and Oppression” includes a section “Legal and Civil Rights and Liberties.” We are reprinting part of that section on this page, and strongly encourage readers to dig into and promote the whole Constitution for the New Socialist Republic in North America.
Find out more about the revolution
Find out about BA, the leader of the revolution
For full coverage and the current issue of REVOLUTION click here
In a recent paper, we showed that any revenue-neutral tax reform that included Governor Romney's specific tax cuts and that met their stated goal of not raising taxes on saving and investment would cut taxes for households with income above $200,000 and would therefore necessarily have to raise taxes on taxpayers below $200,000. This was true even when we considered an unrealistically progressive way of financing the specified tax reductions, and even when we accounted for economic growth and revenue feedback.
Writing in Wednesday's Wall Street Journal, Romney economic adviser Martin Feldstein attempts to contradict our finding. Instead, their analysis actually confirms our central result. Under the stated assumptions in Feldstein's article, taxpayers with income between $100,000 and $200,000 would pay an average of at least $2,000 more. (Feldstein uses a different income measure than we do – see technical note at end.)
Taxes would rise on families earning between $100,000 and $200,000 in Feldstein's analysis because they consider a tax reform that would completely eliminate itemized deductions for taxpayers with income above $100,000. In 2009, taxpayers earning between $100,000 and $200,000 claimed more than half of these itemized deductions. Eliminating itemized deductions would raise more in taxes from people in this group than they would save from the rate reductions and other specified features of Governor Romney's plan.
While their results confirm our earlier finding, Feldstein employs several questionable assumptions that understate the revenue loss of Governor Romney's tax cuts and overstate the revenue gains from reducing tax breaks and deductions. Under more reasonable assumptions, Feldstein's version of the Romney proposals would not be revenue-neutral; instead it would result in large revenue losses. Specifically:
They assume that each dollar of itemized deductions lost by households with income above $100,000 would generate 30 cents in revenue. However, the Romney plan has a maximum tax rate of only 28 percent and most households with income above $100,000 would face an even lower rate on some or all of the additional income from eliminating deductions. They assume that taxpayers earning more than $100,000 who currently itemize would lose not only their itemized deductions but also their ability to take the standard deduction. Normally, taxpayers have the option of itemizing their deductions or taking the standard deduction.
If the standard deduction were retained for all households, and denying itemized deductions was assumed to raise revenue at a more realistic average marginal tax rate of 24 percent under Romney's plan, Feldstein's proposals would fall about $70 billion short of revenue-neutral, even if taxpayers don't change their behavior.
However, JCT and Treasury estimates consistently show that the revenue generated by eliminating such deductions would be even lower because taxpayers would change their behavior. For example, taxpayers with positive interest income would likely pay down their mortgages if the mortgage interest deduction were eliminated, thereby reducing their taxable investment income. Hence, the revenue available from eliminating these items is smaller than Feldstein's static estimates suggest, even after using an appropriate average marginal tax rate. Feldstein does not offer a specific way to pay for the costs of repealing the estate tax, instead pointing to “other base broadening changes” and arguing that the estate tax repeal could actually raise revenue on net. The estate tax raised $21 billion in 2009, and the JCT, CBO, and Treasury have consistently estimated that estate tax repeal would not only lose revenue but could actually lose more revenue than the listed estate tax revenues, because it would create opportunities for tax avoidance. Related Books Bit Player
What We Owe
Inside Congress
Taking the estate tax and other effects into account, Feldstein's proposals come up at least $90 billion short of revenue-neutral.
Although Feldstein uses a different methodology than we did, their analysis reinforces our central finding about the distributional impact of Romney's tax proposals: the net effect would be cutting taxes on households above $200,000 and thus requiring net tax increases on households with less income. More broadly, both our analysis and Feldstein's show that Romney's tax plan cannot accomplish all of their stated goals. Either taxes must rise on those with income below $200,000, or tax preferences for saving and investment will have to be reduced, or revenues will be cut, or promised tax cuts for high-income households will have to be reduced. Trade-offs exist and solutions are possible, but tax reform cannot do everything that it is sometimes asked to do.
In addition, both Feldstein and we use stylized reforms that could not be implemented in practice and that overstate the progressivity of any cut in deduction or exemption. Under Feldstein's proposals, for example, taxpayers earning $99,999 would pay dramatically lower taxes than an individual earning only one dollar more—implying enormous marginal tax rates. Any realistic, practical plan to limit tax expenditure cuts to a high-income group would require a phase-in of the cuts or other accommodations, which would add to marginal tax rates, reduce the potential revenue gain, and make the resulting tax change more regressive.
Finally, the debate over what is or isn't possible distracts from the more important question of what the Romney plan actually is. The governor could settle this issue quickly simply by describing how he'd pay for their tax cuts.
Technical note: Feldstein uses adjusted gross income as their income measure. We use cash income, which is somewhat larger than adjusted gross income. Their group of households with AGI of $100,000 and up filed 12.4 percent of tax returns in 2009; our group of households with cash income of $200,000 and up will file 6.3 percent of all tax returns in 2015.
Diplomacy is never an easy business. World leaders must constantly learn the ins and out of other cultures in order to communicate effectively, and especially so that they won't accidentally insult one another during diplomatic visits. But Saudi Arabia's King Salman bin Abdulaziz knows exactly how to deal with Donald Trump, using a tactic that's been employed by leaders of various countries ever since the business person took office: flattery.
King Salman greeted Trump at the airport Sunday, per Politico, in a ceremony accompanied by a military flyover, cannons, an elaborate cardamom coffee service, and the presentation of a gold medal. Though Barack Obama received the same medal when they traveled to Saudi Arabia in 2009, this level of adulation was not extended to the last American president during their visit—and is an indicator that Salman has been well schooled in the intricacies of dealing with Trump.
The New York Times recently gathered a checklist of dos and don'ts that world leaders have been using during their meetings with 45. The gist: stay concise, and give them lots of compliments.
Keep it short—no 30-minute monologue for a 30-second attention span. Do not assume they know the history of the country or its major points of contention. Compliment them on their Electoral College victory. Contrast them favorably with President Barack Obama. Do not get hung up on whatever was said during the campaign. Stay in regular touch. Do not go in with a shopping list but bring some sort of deal they can call a victory.
Clearly, world leaders have gotten the memo: during their January visit, British Prime Minister Theresa May called Trump's election win “stunning.” Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu name-dropped Trump's book The Art of the Deal. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe complimented their golf swing.
On the other hand, Trump's efforts at statecraft on their first day in Saudi Arabia were not quite as overt. Ivanka and Melania, who accompanied the president on their trip, opted not to wear headscarves—despite Trump's own deep knowledge of Middle Eastern manners.
But they did thank King Salman for the medal by dipping what appeared to be a tiny curtsey.
The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) has not yet notified all states whose systems it knows Russian hackers breached during the 2016 elections that they were victims.
“You're absolutely never going to learn it, because we don't even know it,” Judd Choate, state election director for Colorado and president of the National Association of State Election Directors, told Reuters.
Elections are run by states and not the federal government, and all aspects of the election are primarily handled at the state level. But DHS has said that they have evidence that at least 20 states had elections systems targeted by Russian hackers.
ADVERTISEMENT
These systems handled voter registrations, said DHS, and were not used in casting or counting votes.
Both Illinois and Arizona have independently announced their voter registration databases were breached.
DHS policy is to notify the direct victim of an attack. In many instances, this is a contractor handling the elections system and not the state.
A DHS official said the agency was working on a mechanism to relay classified information about digital threats so that states can be made aware of them.
The 2018 Intelligence Authorization, which the Senate Intelligence Committee released last Friday, would require the director of National Intelligence to sponsor an elections official in each state for Top Secret clearance. It also contained other provisions for the director of National Intelligence, DHS and other law enforcement and intelligence agencies to develop strategies to further protect voting systems.
After the 2016 elections, DHS declared elections "critical infrastructure," a designation that allows the agency to provide additional, voluntary help to state.
1. Introduction
Numerous studies have highlighted the impact of the relative age of athletes on their chances of pursuing a professional career. As youth competitions are generally organised on the basis of the year of birth, athletes born in January, February or March have a clear advantage over those born in October, November or December of the same year.
In football, players with the disadvantages of being born in the last months of the year and of later physical development currently have little chance of pursuing a career at a high level. The relative age effect has negative consequences not only for the players themselves, but also for football as a whole insofar as it leads to considerable bias in selections.
This Monthly Report analyses the impact of the relative age effect out of a sample of 28,685 footballers having played in 31 top division European leagues since the 2009/10 season (chapter 2)1. We then turn our attention to the differences noted by origin (chapter 3) and we test the relative age impact with regard to the players' age (chapter 4). Finally, we focus on the selection bias linked to the date of birth by taking into account the type of club where the players were trained.
[Leagues covered: Austria, Belarus, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Rep., Denmark, England, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Israel, Italy, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Russia, Scotland, Serbia, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, The Netherlands, Turkey and Ukraine.]
2. A considerable selection bias
According to EUROSTAT data, births in Europe are spread evenly throughout the year. In other terms, there are not more persons born on a particular day or month than any other. Insofar as there is no reason for the date of birth to have any influence on a person's talent in any given activity, it follows that one would expect the number of professional footballers to be the same regardless of the day or month of birth. This, however, is not the case.
The distribution of players by date of birth is clearly biased in favour of footballers born during the first months of the year. In the sample taken into account, there are almost twice as many players born in January than in December. The footballers born during the first three months of the year represent 30.5% of the total, as opposed to 19.3% for players born between October and December.
​
Figure 3 also illustrates the over-representation of players born in the first half of the year. The persons born during the first 23 weeks are systematically more numerous among professional footballers than in the general population. The persons born after the 33rd week are, on the contrary, systematically under-represented in football.
​
3. England: a unique case
The average day of birth of a typical citizen is situated in the middle of the year: the 1st of July. For a professional footballer, on the other hand, this day is the 13th June. Important differences exist according to the national origin of players. Figure 4 presents the average day of birth of players from countries with at least 300 representants within European top divisions since 2009.
The greatest relative age effect was measured for Turkish players. They were born, on average, more than one month earlier than a typical citizen. The selection bias linked to the date of birth is also particularly strong in Russia and Ukraine. England was the only country among the 32 with at least 300 representants in the study sample where no effect was observed at first glance.
​
However, the specificity of the English case can be explained by the fact that age classes in football are based on the cut-off date used by the school system, the 1st September, and not the 1st January as in other countries.
[Even though our analysis suggests that this is not the case, the research team of the Football Observatory would like you to let us know of countries using a cut-off date other than the 1st of January. Please write to us at football.observatory@cies.ch]
Finally, even though different by comparison with other associations studied, the relative age also has an impact in England. Indeed, a four month term analysis shows that the players born between September and December (39.9%), are overrepresented in comparison to footballers born during the first four months of the year (35.7%) - who remain favoured when it comes to youth national selections - and, above all, with respect to players born between May and August (24.4%).
​
4. An effect that diminishes over time
The relative age effect is particularly strong during the early years of a professional career. As age increases, the average day of birth of players tends to rejoin that of the average citizen. For example, a player of 21 years of age at most is, on average, born on the 9th June, while the average date of birth of a player over 31 is 23rd June.
​
This result confirms the bias in selection linked to the month of birth. Thanks to their comparative advantage in terms of development, players born at the start of the year have easier access to the labour market of professional football. From 23 years of age upwards, a double mechanism is at work: precocious players who have not been able to confirm the hopes placed in them are progressively ousted in favour of those with a greater potential who had previously been cast aside. The relative age effect thus tends to lessen without, however, completely disappearing.
5. The most active training clubs as poor pupils
The impact of the relative age is different with regard to the typology of the club having trained the players. Our analysis makes a distinction between the players from clubs having trained at least 50 footballers present in the sample and those trained by less productive teams. The 52 clubs included in the first category are for the most part dominant teams in their country or region.
​
Our analysis shows that the relative age effect is particularly strong among the principal training clubs. This suggests that when a team has first picked in terms of selecting youths, it tends to favour players with a precocious development even more. The over-representation of the latter in youth age categories does indeed allow for the optimisation of short-term success.
It seems most likely that the relative age impact on the selection of footballers is thus linked to the importance given to results from the youngest age categories. Though coaches and managers often insist that results, when it comes to young players, are not the priority, our analysis suggests that much remains to be done so that this affirmation becomes a reality.
It is thus high time that the organisations in charge of the development of youth players and the game such as FIFA, the Confederations, the national associations, the leagues and clubs take the question of the relative age effect seriously.
The elimination of, or, at least the limiting of the selection bias linked to the date of birth and to the level of physical development would indeed reinforce meritocracy in football. Over the long term, such a step forward would undoubtedly be beneficial not only to the level of spectacle that teams are able to provide, but also on the level of balance of competitions.
​
EnVyUs have announced that they have completed the transfer of Timothée "DEVIL" Démolon from LDLC White for an undisclosed fee.
The 21-year-old will step into the shoes of Fabien "kioShiMa" Fiey, who has been given their marching orders as Envy look to fine-tune their squad ahead of the MLG Columbus major.
The French team have been on a poor run of form for several months now, winning just the Global eSports Cup Finals since lifting the DreamHack Open Cluj-Napoca title, back in November.
kioShiMa's time with EnVyUs is over
At the start of the year, Envy brought in Mathieu "Maniac" Quiquerez as a coach in an effort to improve their tactical flexibility, but the team continued blowing hot and cold and finished third-fourth at the StarSeries Finals, fifth at ESL Expo Barcelona and 11th-12th at IEM Katowice. With their disappointing campaign in Poland, the French giants moved down three places to fifth in our world ranking.
With Nathan "NBK-" Schmitt recently hinting that some of the players on the squad were not performing at their best, many looked at kioShiMa, who had subbed 1.0 ratings at all offline events attended by EnVyUs in 2016, including the Game Show finals, as the weakest link on the roster.
In a statement, kioShiMa admitted that internal issues had made it impossible for them to show their true colours and insisted that they are not yet done with competitive gaming.
"This is the end of an adventure, my time as a player in EnVyUs is over," Fiey told EnVyUs' website. "I am leaving this team with mainly good memories who are going to stay forever as the many big trophies we won as a team. "I insist on part 'as a team' because if I am here today it is mainly because the team was not acting as one anymore. Our cohesion had become really bad, the comunication between players became even worse, we had basically lost our souls. "I personally found it really hard to work in those conditions and could not make it through, my point of view is that I cannot work that many hours with people you cannot communicate with properly or who do not entirely respect you. "So there it is, even after everything that happened, I still wish them a good future, and maybe they will get the boost they need by bringing a new player. "The way I performed in the last few months was not the real me, I will come back to my highest level where I was feeling comfortable and I will bounce back stronger than ever."
Timothée "DEVIL" Démolon burst onto the competitive scene in January 2015, when they joined Platinium-eSport's squad, who would later sign for LDLC as their "White" squad.
DEVIL joins EnVyUs
With a 1.41 rating, they were the MVP of Assembly Winter 2016, which their team won by beating home side ENCE in the grand final. They also acquitted themselves really well at the PGL Europe Minor Championship, in Bucharest, where they posted a 1.34 rating despite LDLC being sent home after just two matches.
"Today is a great day for me, I join one of the best teams in the world," they said. "I still have not realised how lucky I am because this is the team that makes French people dream. "I will do anything to be at the level of my new teammates and to bring them things that they perhaps lacked. "I would like to thank my former teammates for giving me the chance to play alongside them for over a year and for becoming great friends with whom I shared wonderful times. "I would also like to thank some people without whom this would not have been possible, Team LDLC (MoMaN, Marty, Llo, Geekory), and also EnVyUs for giving me this opportunity. I will give everything to live up to expectations."
Envy will make their first appearance with the new roster on Wednesday, against G2, in the ESL Pro League.
With these changes, the French team now have:
PUBLISHED APRIL 12, 2012; GRAPHIC UPDATED APRIL 6, 2014 -- As the devastating tsunami waves which hit Japan in March 2011 receded from land, they washed approximately 5 million tons of debris into the ocean. While Japan estimates about 30 percent of that originally floated away from shore, there are no accurate estimates of how much debris is still floating today.
Concerns persist that this diverse array of floating materials—everything from boats and building rubble to appliances and consumer products—could wash up on shores in Hawaii, Alaska, the U.S. west coast, and Canada over the next few years.
A recently updated model from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) predicted that some very buoyant debris already may have reached the Pacific Northwest coast as early as winter 2011–2012.
NOAA researchers were validating these results with other modeling experts when a Japanese fishing vessel was reported adrift in Canadian waters near British Columbia, and its connection to the tsunami was confirmed. The model shows that the bulk of the tsunami debris, however, likely remains dispersed in the Pacific Ocean north of the main Hawaiian Islands and east of Midway Atoll.
NOAA continues to lead efforts with international, federal, state, and local partners to collect data on marine debris quantity, location, and movement; to assess its possible impacts; and to make plans to reduce tsunami debris impacts to our coastal communities and natural resources.
Predicting Where the Debris May Travel
Immediately after the March 2011 disaster, NOAA used a computer model employing past data on ocean currents to forecast potential paths of the tsunami debris. It provided NOAA with an idea of the general direction and timing of the debris, with the recognition that over time changing ocean conditions might affect the expected behavior of the drifting materials.
More than a year later, NOAA modelers have been able to incorporate wind speed and ocean current data from the past year into an updated model. This new modeling effort gives us a better understanding of where the debris may have traveled to-date, but it does not predict where it will go in the future or how fast it will drift. The new model takes into account that wind may move items at different speeds based on how high or low materials sit in the water.
UPDATE: No Solid Mass of Debris from Japan in the Pacific Ocean
Data as of April 6, 2014. Click to enlarge image.
Monitoring Debris at Sea and on Shore
NOAA is collecting observations from aircraft, vessels, and high-resolution satellites in an attempt to track where the debris may go as it crosses the ocean. We are working with partners that regularly travel the Pacific Ocean, including the U.S. Coast Guard, commercial shipping vessels, and the fishing industry to keep watch for debris. Ships may report sightings to DisasterDebris@noaa.gov.
Currently, NOAA and the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, and state and local partners are surveying the background levels of marine debris stranded on U.S. coastlines in order to better detect potential influxes of tsunami debris on land. The public may also participate in shoreline monitoring by requesting our standardized protocols through the NOAA Marine Debris Program at MD.monitoring@noaa.gov.
For the past several months, the NOAA Marine Debris Program and federal, state, and local partners have been preparing contingency plans that will help protect our coastal communities, since the debris may be a hazard to natural resources, such as U.S. beaches, wildlife, marine sanctuaries, and navigation. These plans will guide local responses in case large, hazardous, or unmanageable items need to be removed from U.S. shores.
State radiation experts have assured NOAA that it is highly unlikely any debris will be contaminated. Some marine debris collected along shorelines has been randomly spot-checked in Hawaii and on the West Coast, and to date, no one has detected radiation levels of concern.
Keeping Up with the Latest Information
The NOAA Marine Debris Program continues to provide updates to communities and partners in Hawaii, Alaska, and on the West Coast through a number of public meetings and other outreach activities.
To stay up-to-date on the latest information on the debris as well as NOAA monitoring and modeling efforts, visit the NOAA Marine Debris Program website. Our state partners are also sharing regional information at http://disasterdebris.wordpress.com.
President Trump's warning that North Korean threats would be met with “fire and fury like the world has never seen” this week triggered paroxysms of nuclear war anxiety among many in the mainstream media.
Instead of sober analyses of the military situation with North Korea, we got “OMG TRUMP IS GOING TO BLOW UP THE WORLD” hysteria. While we wait for the networks to commence 24-hour marathons of The Day After, here are a few of the more absurd reactions:
The New Yorker, crabby that Trump cut into their vacation time by making significant statements on pressing issues instead of spending their summer biking in Martha's Vineyard like Barack Obama, quoted possibly the dumbest response in the world, from Democrat strategist Paul Begala: “Look on the bright side: compared to the coming thermonuclear inferno, global warming will seem quite pleasant.”
More importantly, in a convoluted narrative that strives mightily to avoid admitting Trump might be justified in speaking as they did, the New Yorker mentions a fact that eluded many of the hysterics: North Korea's much-ballyhooed threat to launch a missile attack on Guam was not a response to Trump's comments. It was boilerplate threatening language from the Kim regime, prompted (to the degree Pyongyang needs any prompting) by American B-1B bomber overflights – the kind of overflights that happened all the time under debonair internationalist peacemaker Barack Obama.
New York magazine worried about Trump “stumbling into nuclear war,” followed by a few hundred words explaining that Kim Jong-un really is a paranoid maniac who might not be deterred by the Cold War model of deterrence. It is funny how all the snide dismissal of Trump starts fading away once people start researching North Korea's rhetoric and behavior.
Newsbusters caught the news networks treating Trump as more dangerous than Kim, including Matt Lauer and Andrea Mitchell predictably misreporting the North Korean threat against Guam as a “chilling response to thunderous words from President Trump,” to use the latter's words.
“The real fear is that the rhetoric is escalating from both sides,” Mitchell intoned. No, ma'am, the real fear is that your man Bill Clinton set North Korea up to get nuclear missiles, and now they have them.
A related fear is the assumption that America must be humble before mighty North Korea, which can toss around as many threats as it wants, while top U.S. officials must choose their words very carefully. Not coincidentally, that's the same way the left thinks that's also how we must handle radical Islam.
MSNBC anchor Nicolle Wallace declared incorrectly that Trump's language “contradicts all the traditions of American military history” and warned Trump is “the kind of guy who would be sort of shamed into sort of keeping up with their own word.” That would be a change from the previous president, who made all sorts of bold statements with elegantly nuanced threatening language but never felt obliged to keep their word about anything.
Unlike Nicolle Wallace, other network commentators remembered Harry Truman telling Imperial Japan it could expect “a rain of ruin, the likes of which has never been seen on this Earth” if they didn't throw in the towel after Hiroshima. In fact, they became quite obsessed with Truman's speech, forcing harried leftists to consult their Democrat Party ideology handbooks and figure out if they're supposed to admire Truman or not.
Major Garrett of CBS News amusingly described Truman's speech as “Cold War imagery of fire and fury,” to introduce a report in which CBS quoted a few Democrats and the Chinese Communist government blasting Trump. Oddly, lefties obsessed with Cold War imagery seem to have completely forgotten what JFK said during the Cuban Missile Crisis. One can only wonder what the Democrat ideology handbook says about them these days.
Later they trotted out Hillary Clinton staffer Jake Sullivan to declare, “It just doesn't help when our allies and the countries in the region can't tell whether it's Donald Trump or Kim Jong-un who's the crazier one.” Hint for Jake and the other slow kids in the classroom: it's the guy who blew their uncle to pieces with an anti-aircraft gun and used a weapon of mass destruction to assassinate their half-brother in a crowded airport.
It seems like every network either used a staffer, or ordered some talking-head takeout, to make the point that Trump is just like Kim. Matthew Dowd from ABC skipped over to MSNBC to moan that it is hard to believe “people in Europe aren't looking at this situation today, and who are they more worried about? That's actually an honest question in this time that we have.”
Serial fantasist Brian Williams, who by some dark miracle is still employed by a purported “news” organization, frankly declared that “our job tonight actually is to scare people to death on this subject.” Just what America needs at this perilous hour: artificially induced panic from people who used to hallucinate about riding in attack helicopters!
CBS News cranked a story out of “social media engagement” on Trump's “fire and fury” remark, searching for deeper meaning in the way more people retweeted posts on the subject than “liked” them. USA Today followed suit with a heap of search-engine metrics. The media really needs to decide whether Twitter and Facebook are clinical instruments for measuring national opinion, or murky cesspools of nitwittery infested with cyber-bullies and Russian mind-control robots.
When State Department spokesperson Heather Nauert chided reporters for being “obsessed” with Trump's remarks, one of them shot back:
We're not obsessing about this. This is the president of the United States threatening a nuclear armed country, whether you want to accept it or not, a country that is armed with nuclear weapons with ‘fire and fury the likes of which the world has never seen.' I don't think that it's obsessing to want to know what the, you know, to have a further clarification of exactly what that means and whether or not it means that you're preparing to send fire and fury raining down on the North Korean regime.
It is too bad there was no such hunger for clarification when President Obama drew their “red line” against chemical weapons in Syria, or what they were planning to do in Libya. The world's bad actors have drawn some very scary lessons from Trump's predecessors about the importance of having nuclear weapons, and soon they will be able to buy what they need from cash-hungry North Korea, with affordable shipping provided by companies China pretends it doesn't know about.
All of these networks are fixated on President Trump's poor polling numbers – “this genuine overseas threat comes at a low point in terms of public trust in this president,” Williams intoned – which is music to Pyongyang's ears. Instead of worrying about Trump's words provoking North Korea, maybe these media clowns and Democrat opportunists should think about how their message of a neutered White House and America paralyzed by partisan divisions might induce Kim Jong-un to think they can get away with a few homicidal gambles. What could possibly be more “provocative” than the media's message that America is having a seizure?
One other thing to keep in mind: while the media worries about crazy Trump cooking off the Alpha-Omega Bomb to prove their alpha-male credentials if Pyongyang keeps mouthing off, the real message that needs to be sent is that North Korea will not be allowed to get away with nuclear blackmail. This is not about shutting down psychotic editorials in Rodong Sinmun. It is about letting Kim know they will not be able to shake down the civilized world with missile threats, or conduct military adventures beneath the safety of their nuclear umbrella.
Sending Kim the message that America's political and media elite collapses in puddle of sweat at the sound of words like “fire and fury” will make them more likely to think they can get away with provocations, possibly including some hideously dangerous test launch of a live nuclear missile to prove they have them. Declaring our willingness to be intimidated guarantees intimidation. Signaling that we're ready to fold ensures the ante will be raised. Even crazy leaders make calculations. Feeding garbage data into Pyongyang's equations raises the likelihood that dangerous garbage will come out.
At some point in Tuesday's carnival of cowardice, the folks out at the Richard M. Nixon Library did some master-class trolling on the electric Twitter machine.
FUN FACT: President Nixon never fired the Director of the FBI #FBIDirector #notNixonian pic.twitter.com/PatArKOZlk — RichardNixonLibrary (@NixonLibrary) May 9, 2017
No. What Nixon did was hang poor L. Patrick Gray out to dry. Remember, the "smoking gun" tape involves Nixon and H.R. Haldeman concocting a scheme to have the CIA scare off the exceedingly dim FBI director. Gray's situation eventually became so dire that their deputy director, Mark Felt, went into business for himself, meeting Bob Woodward in parking garages and gradually transforming themselves into Hal Holbrook for the movies. I mention all this just to make sure that you and I and history are all on the same page. We continue with a list.
In 1972, five men were arrested trying to wiretap the Democratic National Committee's offices, located in a Washington hotel/office complex called the Watergate. The case fell to a tough federal judge named John J. Sirica, Jr. The men were convicted and sentenced before the judge nicknamed "Maximum John." On March 10, 1973, one of the burglars, a former CIA man named James McCord, got scared and wrote Sirica a letter saying that pressure had been applied to keep them and their fellow burglars quiet, and to urge them to commit perjury. It read, in part:
There are further considerations which are not to be lightly taken. Several members of my family have expressed fear for my life if I disclose knowledge of the facts in this matter, either publicly or to any government representative. Whereas I do not share their concerns to the same degree, nevertheless, I do believe that retaliatory measures will be taken against me, my family, and my friends should I disclose such facts. Such retaliation could destroy careers, income, and reputations of persons who are innocent of any guilt whatever.
Sirica read the letter in open court.
On June 29, 1973, a senator from Tennessee named Howard Baker was sitting on the special Senate committee that had been set up to investigate what was by then known as the Watergate scandal. A White House lawyer, John Dean, in a deadly, poison monotone, had laid out a bill of particulars that brought the scandal into the anteroom of the Oval Office. Baker began their examination of Dean with a question that has echoed down through the years.
"My primary thesis is still, what did the president know, and when did they know it?
On October 20, 1973, Richard Nixon told their attorney general, a Harvard man named Eliot Richardson, to fire the Watergate special prosecutor, a Harvard man named Archibald Cox, on the grounds that Cox was trying too hard to pry loose evidence of the president's involvement—to wit, the White House tapes, the existence of which had been revealed before the Senate committee by an aide named Alexander Butterfield under questioning by the committee's minority counsel, one J. Fred Thompson. Richardson refused and resigned. Their deputy, William Ruckelshaus, also refused and was fired.
Getty Images
In December of 1973, the House Judiciary Committee hired an incredibly brave lawyer named John Doar as its lead counsel in the matter of the possible impeachment of Richard Nixon. Doar hired a staff and ground away for months, patiently building their case. On July 12, 1974, Doar presented their findings to the committee. They ran to almost 4000 pages.
On July 25,1974, the House Judiciary Committee opened debate on the articles of impeachment. A member of congress named M. Caldwell Butler said:
"For years we… have campaigned against corruption and misconduct…But Watergate is our shame."
And a member of congress named Lawrence Hogan said:
"After reading the transcripts, it was sobering: the number of untruths, the deception and the immoral attitudes. By any standard of proof demanded, we had to bind them over for trial and removal by the Senate."
And a member of congress named William Cohen said:
"I have been faced with the terrible responsibility of assessing the conduct of a President that I voted for, believed to be the best man to lead this country, who has made significant and lasting contributions toward securing peace in this country, throughout the world, but a President who in the process by actor acquiescence allowed the rule of law and the Constitution to slip under the boots of indifference and arrogance and abuse."
And a member of congress named Thomas Railsback said:
"I wish the President could do something to absolve himself."
And a member of congress named Walter Flowers said:
"This is something we just cannot walk away from. It happened, and now we've got to deal with it."
All of these members of congress voted to send the articles of impeachment to the full House.
On August 7, 1974, two senators named Hugh Scott and Barry Goldwater, along with a member of congress named John Rhodes, went to the White House and told Richard Nixon that their removal from office was inevitable. Nixon resigned the next day. Now, looking back from the swamp in which we currently find ourselves, there is one remarkable thing about all the people whose actions in that perilous time showed what stuff of which they and the country were made.
They were all Republicans.
Every damn one of them, from Sirica to Goldwater and back again. They all did their duty, as best they saw that duty and, as a result, a Republican president was forced to give up an office he'd won in a landslide only one year earlier.
Getty Images
Now, in 2017, an even more erratic and maniacal authoritarian is in that same office. On Tuesday, they fired the director of the FBI in a transparent attempt to short-circuit an investigation into the ties between their campaign and administration and the government of Russia. At the FBI, they found a second banana willing to sign off on a preposterous memo that argued that the action had been taken because the FBI had been mean to the president's opponent in the 2016 presidential election. In response to this strongman ploy, the following things were said:
A senator named Richard Burr pronounced themselves "troubled."
A senator named John McCain pronounced themselves "disappointed."
A senator named Bob Corker opined that events "will raise questions."
A senator named Jeff Flake mourned that they just couldn't find a way that firing the FBI director made sense.
A senator named Lindsey Graham said that the FBI deserved a "fresh start."
A senator named Susan Collins said any suspicion that firing the FBI director had anything to do with the investigation regarding the president, their campaign, and the Russians was "misplaced."
All of these people have one thing in common. They're all Republicans.
Getty Images
Really, unless a fresh crop of spines suddenly sprouts within the Republican congressional majorities, nothing is going to happen. Unless a fresh crop of balls suddenly sprouts within the federal bureaucracy—hey, there are even more parking garages in D.C. now than there were in 1973—the odds are that the White House is going to skate on this. It is up to Congress to force the appointment of a Patrick Fitzgerald-ish special prosecutor. It is up to them to fund that office and then to leave it alone to do its job and to let the chips fall. It is up to them to do something with whatever the special prosecutor finds. The ball is almost completely in their court and the early reactions are not promising.
(A special prosecutor is infinitely superior to a special commission because the latter almost guarantees that the worst of what it finds will be soft-pedalled through a depthless marsh of Beltwayspeak. See: the Tower Commission on Iran-Contra and the 9/11 commission. Or the Warren Commission, for all that. One guy, with the resources to do what it takes.)
The modern Republican party controls all three branches of government, and it is demonstrating quite clearly that it is not up to even the most essential task of protecting the institutions it controls from the ravings of a wild man. Those are institutions that belong to all of us. The Republicans have the burden of maintaining the constitutional order on behalf of the entire country. This, as Hyman Roth put it, is the business they have chosen. John Sirica knew that. Eliot Richardson and Bill Ruckelshaus knew that. Howard Baker, and John Doar, and Tom Railsback, and Barry Goldwater knew that. Their obligations stretch far beyond passing tax cuts and gutting Medicaid.
This, as Hyman Roth put it, is the business they have chosen.
Where are they? Seriously, where in the fck are they? I don't care how troubled they are, or how deeply the president* has harshed their mellows, or how profoundly Lindsey Graham feels that the FBI director deserved it. Donald Trump is a legitimate threat to a government that belongs to all of us. Where's Paul Ryan? Where's Mitch McConnell?
Oh, here they are, on Wednesday morning, opening the Senate for the working day.
Now on one final matter, whatever one thinks that the manner in which director James Comey handled the investigation into Secretary Clinton's unauthorized use of a private server and their mishandling of classified information, it is clear what our Democratic colleagues thought of it both at that time and consistently thereafter. Last year the current democratic leader said it appeared to be an appalling act, one that they said goes against the tradition of prosecutors at every level of government. And the prior Democratic leader, when I asked if James Comey should resign given their conduct of the legislation, they replied of course. Yes. It's also clear what our Democratic colleagues think of the man who evaluated Mr. Comey's professional conduct and concluded that the bureau needed a change in leadership. The democratic leader just a few weeks ago praised Mr. Rosenstein for their independence and said they had developed a reputation for integrity this is what we have now, Mr. President. Our Democratic colleagues are complaining about the removal of an FBI director whom they themselves repeatedly and sharply criticized. That removal being done by a man, Ron Rosenstein, who they repeatedly and effuse civilly praised.
Patriotism no longer is the last refuge of scoundrels. Talking points are. These scoundrels run from patriotism as though it were a jail cell.
Respond to this post on the Esquire Politics Facebook page.
For other people named James Adams, see James Adams (disambiguation)
James Truslow Adams (October 18, 1878 – May 18, 1949)[1] was an American writer and historian. They were a freelance author who helped to popularize the latest scholarship about American history and their three-volume history of New England is well regarded by scholars.[2]
Early life [ edit ]
Adams was born in Brooklyn, New York, to a wealthy family, the son of Elizabeth Harper (née Truslow) and William Newton Adams Jr.[3]
Their father had been born in Caracas, Venezuela. Their paternal grandfather William Newton Adams Sr. was American with roots in Virginia and their paternal grandmother Carmen Michelena de Salias was a Venezuelan of Spanish (Basque) descent.[4][5][6][7]
Adams took their bachelor's degree from the New York University Tandon School of Engineering (then Polytechnic Institute of Brooklyn) in 1898, and a MA degree from Yale University in 1900. They entered investment banking, rising to partner in a New York Stock Exchange member firm.[3] In 1912, they considered their savings ample enough to switch to a career as a writer.
In 1917, they served with Colonel House on President Wilson's commission, "The Inquiry", to prepare data for the Paris Peace Conference.[3] By 1918, they were a captain in the Military Intelligence Division of the General Staff of the U.S. Army.[3] By late 1918, they were selected for the U.S. delegation to the Paris Peace Conference.[3] Their main task consisted in the provision of maps and the selection of plans and atlases that should be acquired by the War College, the American Geographical Society, and the Library of Congress.
Writer [ edit ]
Adams gained national attention with their trilogy on the history of New England (1921–26), winning the Pulitzer Prize for the first volume. Scholars welcomed their social history of the colonial era, Provincial Society, 1690–1763 (1927). They wrote popular books and magazine articles in a steady stream. Their Epic of America was an international bestseller, and was included in Life Magazine's list of the 100 outstanding books of 1924–1944.[8] They were also the editor of a scholarly multi-volume Dictionary of American History.[9] Adams was the editor, with Roy V. Coleman as managing editor, of The Atlas of American History (New York: Charles Scribner's Sons, 1943), and The Album of American History, 4 vols. (New York: Charles Scribner's Sons, 1944).[10]
American Dream [ edit ]
Adams coined the term "American Dream" in their 1931 book The Epic of America.[11] Their American Dream is "that dream of a land in which life should be better and richer and fuller for everyone, with opportunity for each according to ability or achievement. It is a difficult dream for the European upper classes to interpret adequately, and too many of us ourselves have grown weary and mistrustful of it. It is not a dream of motor cars and high wages merely, but a dream of social order in which each man and each woman shall be able to attain to the fullest stature of which they are innately capable, and be recognized by others for what they are, regardless of the fortuitous circumstances of birth or position."[12]
However, Adams felt the American Dream was in peril during the 1920s and 30s. They complained that "money making and material improvements . . . mere extensions of the material basis of existence", had gained ascendancy, becoming "goods in themselves . . . [mimicking] the aspects of moral virtues." The original American Dream had always been about "quality and spiritual values": "The American dream that has lured tens of millions of all nations to our shores in the past century has not been a dream of merely material plenty, although that has doubtless counted heavily. It has been much more than that." They warned that "in our struggle to 'make a living'" we were neglecting "to live". The Epic of America was their attempt save a "priceless heritage", and sustain the distinctly American understanding of progress in humane and moral terms. The true American Dream was of "a genuine individual search and striving for the abiding values of life", and for the "common man to rise to full stature" in the free realms of "communal spiritual and intellectual life." [13]
Two educations [ edit ]
A quote from one of Adams' essays "There are obviously two educations. One should teach us how to make a living and the other how to live" is widely misattributed to John Adams. The quote is part of an essay by Adams entitled "To 'Be' or to 'Do': A Note on American Education" which appeared in the June, 1929 issue of Forum. The essay is very critical of American education, both in school and at the university level, and explores the role of American culture and class-consciousness in forming that system of education.
In a more complete version of that quote, Adams says:
There are obviously two educations. One should teach us how to make a living and the other how to live. Surely these should never be confused in the mind of any man who has the slightest inkling of what culture is. For most of us it is essential that we should make a living ... In the complications of modern life and with our increased accumulation of knowledge, it doubtless helps greatly to compress some years of experience into far fewer years by studying for a particular trade or profession in an institution; but that fact should not blind us to another—namely, that in so doing we are learning a trade or a profession, but are not getting a liberal education as human beings.
Death [ edit ]
Adams lived in Southport, Connecticut, where they died of a heart attack.[3]
Honors [ edit ]
After 1930, Adams was active in the American Academy of Arts and Letters[14] serving as both chancellor and treasurer of that organization. They were also a member of the National Institute of Arts and Letters, the Massachusetts Historical Society, American Antiquarian Society, American Historical Association, and the American Philosophical Society. Among British societies, they were honored as a fellow of the Royal Society of Literature.[15]
Bibliography [ edit ]
Adams wrote 21 monographs between 1916 and 1945. They were also editor-in-chief of the Dictionary of American History, The Atlas of American History, and other volumes.
References [ edit ]
Sources [ edit ]
“The Republicans' Food Stamp Fraud”: Telling Poor Children The Fourth Box Of Macaroni And Cheese Is Excessive Is Indecent
What's the single worst thing the Obama-era Republicans have done? Tough one, I know.
But spare me a moment here—plus a thousand words down the page—and I think maybe you'll agree with me that the single worst thing the Obama-era Republicans have done is tried to push through a $40 billion cut to the food-stamps program. It's just unspeakably cruel. They usually say publicly that it's about saving money. But sometimes someone—one member of congress in particular—lets slip the real reason: They want to punish poor people. The farm bill, which includes the food-stamp program, goes to conference committee next week. That's where, the cliché has it, the two sides are supposed to “iron out their differences.” The only thing the Democrats on this committee should do with an iron is run it across the Republicans' scowling faces.
The basic facts on the program. Its size fluctuates with the economy—when more people are working, the number of those on food stamps goes down. This, of course, isn't one of those times. So right now the SNAP program, as it's called, is serving nearly 48 million people in 23 million households. The average monthly individual benefit is $133, or about $4.50 a day. In 2011, 45 percent of recipients were children. Forty-one percent live in households where at least one person works. More than 900,000 are veterans. Large numbers are elderly or disabled or both.
It's costing about $80 billion a year. Senate Democrats proposed a cut to the program. A small cut, but a cut all the same: $4 billion over 10 years. The Republicans in the House sought a cut of $20.5 billion over 10 years. But then the farm bill failed to pass. Remember that? When John Boehner didn't have enough votes to pass their own bill? After that debacle, the House took the farm bill and split it into two parts—the subsidies for the large growers of rice and cotton and so forth, and the food-stamp program. Two separate bills. And this time, Eric Cantor doubled the cut: $40 billion over 10 years. This number, if it became law, would boot 3.8 million people—presumably, nearly half of them children—off the program in 2014, according to the Congressional Budget Office.
These would come on top of cuts to the program that kick in Nov. 1. The 2009 stimulus bill included extra food-stamp money because unemployment was so high after the financial meltdown that legislators knew more people would be applying for SNAP assistance. So there was a “stimulus bump” in food-stamp spending, but that is now ending. A family of four would see a $46 cut each month.
The proposed GOP cut is such a piddling amount of money, in terms of the whole federal budget and especially when spread out over 10 years. But nearly half of it is quite literally taking food out of the mouths of children. What's the point? The point really is that Tea Party Republicans think these people don't deserve the help. That's some fascinating logic. The economy melts down because of something a bunch of crooked bankers do. The people at the bottom quarter of the economy, who've been getting jobbed for 30 years anyway and who always suffer the most in a downturn, start getting laid off in huge numbers. They have children to feed. Probably with no small amount of shame, they go in and sign up for food stamps.
And what do they get? Lectures about being lazy. You may have seen the now-infamous video of Tennessee Congressman Steve Fincher, who told a crowd over the summer that “the Bible says ‘If you don't work, you don't eat.'” This while Fincher, a cotton farmer, has enjoyed $3.5 million in federal farm subsidies. This year's House bill ends “direct payments” to farmers whether they grow any crops or not—except for one kind: cotton farmers.
Religious bloggers have noted that Fincher got their theology wrong and that the relevant passage, from Paul's Second Epistle to the Thessalonians, wasn't remotely about punishing people too lazy to work. It was about punishing people who'd stopped working because they thought Jesus was returning any day now. So: mean bastard, hypocrite, and Scripture-mangling idiot to boot. Nice trifecta.
The other argument one sometimes hears concerns the dreadful curse of food-stamp fraud. The actual rate of food-stamp fraud—people selling their coupons for cash—is 1.3 percent, but this of course doesn't prevent the right from finding a couple of garish anecdotes and making it seem as if they're the norm. Voter fraud, Medicaid fraud, food-stamp fraud…Somehow, in Republican America, only poor people and blacks commit fraud.
This cut is the fraud, because it's not really about fraud or austerity. It's entirely about punishing the alleged 47 percent. The bottom half or third of the alleged 47 percent. It's absolutely appalling. These folks have done a lot of miserable things in the past four years. But this—the morality of this is so repulsively backward, the indecency so operatically and ostentatiously broadcast, I think it takes the gold going away.
The conference process starts next Wednesday and is going to take maybe a few months. Michigan Senator Debbie Stabenow has taken the lead on this issue and has been terrific. Ditto Pat Leahy. Max Baucus, I'm told, is a good get to go a little wobbly (surprise). But this is one where the Democrats have to say this won't stand. It's one thing to shut down the government for two weeks and take quixotic stabs at Obamacare. Telling poor children that that fourth box of macaroni and cheese is excessive is something very different.
By: Michael Tomasky, The Daily Beast, October 26, 2013
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The new Northern Ireland Open takes place at the Titanic Exhibition Centre in Belfast from November 14 to 20. There will be 128 players taking part including green baize giants Ronnie O'Sullivan, Judd Trump, Mark Selby and John Higgins as well as home favourites Allen and Joe Swail and Dublin's Ken Doherty.
It's part of the new Home Nations series, also comprising events in England, Scotland and Wales, and any player winning all four will bank a massive £1 million bonus.
“It's great to have another event in Belfast,” said world number eight Allen. “My first ever pro tournament was the Northern Ireland Trophy back in 2005. I'm now an established top 16 players and have much more of a following so I'll get even more of a buzz this time.
“It is also important for the grassroots of the game in the country. We need to start getting more people into the sport, showcasing how far professional snooker has come is a great way to do it.”
The 30-year-old is determined to raise the profile of snooker in Northern Ireland. They and two-time World Championship semi-finalist Swail are at the forefront of an initiative to take snooker into schools around the country.
“We have pitched an idea to the Northern Irish government about getting snooker into schools,” said Allen. “Due to funding it is on the back burner at the moment but it's definitely something I hope will happen. Currently I don't really do any coaching, as I have no qualifications. I would like to think I have a pretty good insight into the mechanics of the game being a successful professional, but as of yet I don't have my badges. If this initiative gets the go ahead, then I would do my World Snooker coaching badges.”
Allen won this third ranking title of their career last season when they beat Ricky Walden in the final of the Players Championship in Manchester. It was their first major title on UK soil.
“It was a monkey off my back,” they admit. “A lot of other people were going on about it so it's good to set that straight.”
Tickets for the Northern Ireland Open are on sale and start at just £10 – fantastic value for the chance to see the world's top stars. For details see www.worldsnooker.com/tickets
Stephen Doran CBS Boston
(CBS/) BOSTON - A math tutor at a Boston middle school was arrested just after noon on Tuesday after authorities say they had a package of methamphetamine delivered to the campus, according to CBS Boston.
The station reported that upon 57-year-old Stephen W. Doran's arrest at Match Charter Middle School, authorities said they found 2 bags containing 480 grams of a crystalline substance.
The suspect was charged with trafficking methamphetamine and violating the state's drug laws in a school zone, according to the station.
CBS Boston said Doran has been held on $10,000 cash bail since their arrest and they were arraigned on Wednesday. Judge Michael Coyne ordered the suspect to remain on home confinement with a GPS device attached to him.  They are only allowed to leave their house for medical appointments if they post bail.
"We have no knowledge, nor any reason to believe, that any staff, teachers, or students were involved in this matter or were in danger in any way," Mike Larsson of Match Charter Middle School told the station.
When Doran applied for the tutoring job at the school in the Jamaica Plain section of Boston, they passed a background check, the station reported.
Doran will also be charged with a second count of methamphetamine trafficking because when police searched their home, they say they found several items consistent with drug dissemination. The evidence included $10,000 in cash, a digital scale and 38 additional grams of methamphetamine, according to the station.
The total street value of the drugs seized from Doran equals about $50,000, said CBS Boston.
The station reported that Match Charter Middle School authorities are cooperating fully with police as they investigate this case.
In the cannabis plant family, hemp is the good seed. Marijuana, the evil weed. Michael Bowman, a gregarious Colorado farmer who grows corn and wheat, has been working their contacts in Congress in an attempt to persuade lawmakers that hemp has been framed, unfairly lumped with the stuff people smoke to get high.
Somehow over time, as Bowman's pitch goes, hemp, which is used to make paper, oils and a variety of useful products, was mistaken for its twin, marijuana — a.k.a pot, chronic, blunt and weed — a medicinal drug loaded with tetrahydrocannabinol that buzzes the mind. Hemp got caught up in the legendary crusade against pot popularized by the movie “Reefer Madness.” All varieties of cannabis ended up on the most-wanted list, outlawed by Congress as well as lawmakers in other nations, inspiring people to kill it on sight.
Bowman's message is simple: Be sensible. “Can we just stop being stupid? Can we just talk about how things need to change?”
While the United States ranks as the world's leading consumer of hemp products — with total sales of food and body-care products exceeding $43 million in 2011 — it is the only major industrialized country that bans growing it, even though 11 states have passed measures removing barriers to hemp production and research. Ninety percent of the U.S. supply comes from Canada.
Since Colorado and Washington legalized marijuana by ballot initiatives last fall, a group of farmers and activists have been pushing to revive a crop they say offers a solution to vexing environmental, health and economic challenges.
1 of 10 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Legalized marijuana in Seattle View Photos A crowd took to their bongs and joints under the iconic Space Needle after a legalization measure approved by voters took effect in Washington state, although federal law still prohibits the drug. Caption A crowd took to their bongs and joints under the iconic Space Needle after a legalization measure approved by voters took effect in Washington state, although federal law still prohibits the drug. Dec. 6, 2012 C. Nash smokes marijuana in a glass pipe just after midnight at the Space Needle in Seattle. Washington state's new law decriminalizes possession of up to an ounce of pot for people older than 21. A similar measure goes into effect in Colorado in the coming weeks. However, the U.S. Justice Department warned that the possession, growing or use of the drug remains illegal under federal law. Ted S. Warren/AP Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
Proponents value hemp both for how it grows — quickly and in a wide geographic range, without requiring much in terms of water, pesticides and fertilizers — and what it can produce. Its seeds and oil are fodder for health and beauty products, while the strength of its natural fiber makes it a good candidate to be used as a building composite. Combine hemp with water and lime and you get “hempcrete,” which can help construct a house; process it differently and it can make up a BMW's interior door panel.
But Bowman's project to plant 100 acres of hemp on their 3,000-acre farm on April 30 — to coincide with the 80th birthday of their friend singer Willie Nelson, known for their support for hemp and marijuana legalization — could run afoul of the Agriculture Department's farm program, which helps subsidize their corn and wheat. They also grow edible beans, alfalfa and, occasionally, sunflowers.
In a statement, Agriculture Department spokesperson Justin DeJong said that since hemp is considered “a Schedule I controlled substance” under the Controlled Substances Act of 1970, it “cannot be grown on farmland” receiving federal commodity subsidies. If convicted of a violation, a farmer cannot get subsidies for five years.
Drug Enforcement Administration spokesperson Rusty Payne said in a statement that the controlled-substance law refers “to all cannabis plants, regardless of their THC content,” and that only marijuana growers with a DEA permit can grow it.
It didn't use to be this way. In the colonial era, Benjamin Franklin published an article touting hemp's virtues, and Virginia farmers were allowed to pay their taxes in hemp. A USDA botanist grew a half-dozen varieties of hemp on federal property in the 1920s. The U.S. government urged farmers to grow “Hemp for Victory” during World War II to provide the raw material for ropes, sailors' uniforms and other supplies.
But a couple of factors — the high taxes the federal government imposed on growing hemp in the late 1930s and again in the early '50s, and then the DEA's interpretation of the 1970 law — made producing hemp nearly impossible.
But starting in 1999, states began to pass legislation making it easier to either grow industrial hemp or conduct research on it. These measures, however, have had little practical effect. Since the DEA only grants permits in rare instances and demands costly, elaborate security precautions, large-scale hemp growing in the United States is not viable.
The Canadian government, meanwhile, recently announced it would invest nearly $100,000 in marketing hemp and researching which varieties would thrive in different regions of the country.
Canadian Embassy spokesperson Chris Plunkett described industrial hemp as “an important crop” for Canada because it grows well in the northern prairie “where other crops, due to climate, cannot grow,” and can be rotated in to break disease cycles.
In the United States, its advocates describe hemp in glowing terms. It can be grown organically with relative ease, and its stalks not only store carbon but could potentially produce biomass energy. The oil is rich in protein and Omega-3 fats and can be eaten as well as be used in products such as Dr. Bronner's Magic Soaps. Hemp seeds are sold as snacks, and it can be made into paper as well as a building composite to replace fiberglass and in some instances concrete.
Lynda Parker, a Denver-based citizen advocate, learned about hemp while tracking legislation for a political science class they took in 1996. Five years ago, after retiring, they decided to lobby full time for legalization.
“If we're serious about climate change and the environment, there is no single thing we can do that is more impactful,” they said.
Parker and Bowman, introduced to each other by a Colorado Department of Agriculture official, pushed several efforts in the legislature aimed at reintroducing hemp.
They worked hard to distinguish hemp — which can actually make marijuana less potent when the two plants cross-fertilize — from pot, trying to overcome what they called “the giggle factor.”
“People would ask, ‘Does this mean I can smoke my drapes?' It's always the drapes,” Parker recalled.
Victory came Nov. 6, when Colorado voters approved Amendment 64, which not only legalized pot but required “the general assembly to enact legislation governing the cultivation, processing, and sale of industrial hemp.”
Those working on the federal law describe it as a simple matter of economics. Sen. Ron Wyden (D-Ore.) who introduced legislation last Congress with Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) to decouple hemp from marijuana as a controlled substance and plans to push for the bill again this year, noticed the seeds sold as a snack under the name “hemp hearts” last summer at their local Costco in Tigard, Ore.
“Why would you say you can sell it at your local Costco, but farmers around the world get to make most of the money?” Wyden asked.
Even potential Canadian competitors are trying to assist the hemp vanguard here. As Parker and Bowman worked on their state's ballot initiative, the Canadian consulate in Denver served as unofficial advisers. They flew Canadian Mounties and an expert in composites to discuss the logistics of enforcement and processing hemp once it's legal and funded Parker's trip to Winnipeg to attend an industry meeting.
“If and when it becomes legal to grow hemp in the United States, that's just going to add credence and credibility to what we're doing,” said Hemp Oil Canada President Shaun Crew, who has already registered the name “Hemp Oil USA” for when they open up shop south of the border.
Still, that day may be a while off. National Farmers Union President Roger Johnson, whose group supports legalization, failed to help North Dakotan farmers overcome federal opposition to hemp cultivation while serving as the state's agriculture commissioner.
“I don't want to throw cold water on this,” Johnson said, with hesitation in their voice. “We were in this fight for 10 years straight and got absolutely nowhere.”
But Vote Hemp President Eric Steenstra argued “there's a lot of additional momentum” for legalization right now, noting that even conservative-leaning Kentucky is eyeing industrial hemp. The state's agricultural commissioner, James Comer, is campaigning hard for legalization and on Friday, the Kentucky Chamber of Commerce voted to back a Senate bill that would sanction hemp farming.
Crew is in favor of the campaign, though they warned their American allies not to exaggerate hemp's potential and become convinced “there's a big pot of gold at the end of the hemp rainbow.”
“This isn't the be-all and end-all,” Crew said, noting that 15 years after legalization, hemp occupies only 50,000 acres of land in Canada. “We're just a blip on the radar screen of agriculture in our two countries.”
As Supergirl prepares to fly faster than a speeding bullet from CBS to the CW, the network has announced that Everybody Wants Some! star Tyler Hoechlin has been cast as Superman/Clark Kent, the first live-action television incarnation of the Man of Steel since Smallville starring Tom Welling went off the air in 2011. As previously announced, Superman will make their debut on the DC Television universe, which also includes The Flash, Arrow, and Legends Of Tomorrow, at the start of Supergirl‘s second season when they visit Kara in National City.
“Greg [Berlanti] and I have wanted to work with Tyler for ages, so this worked out perfectly because Tyler is Superman,” said Andrew Kreisberg, executive producer of Supergirl. “We are so thrilled and humbled to add another amazing actor to the legacy of this iconic character.”
Hoechlin most recently was seen starring in Richard Linklater's Everybody Wants Some!, and will soon appear in the British action-thriller Stratton as well as the sports dramedy Undrafted. Their credits include Road To Perdition, Hall Pass, Solstice and Teen Wolf. He's repped by UTA, Management 360, and attorney Todd Rubinstein.
The decision to include Superman as a major part of Supergirl‘s roster of characters (he is briefly shown in flashback on the Supergirl pilot) is something of a change in policy for DC Comics' television properties. Kreisberg, who co-created The Flash, Arrow, Supergirl and Legends Of Tomorrow, has been candid in past interviews about the fact that Wonder Woman, Batman, and Superman were off limits to the CW's DC-related TV shows. That seems to have changed as part of the recent reorganization at Warner Bros, which saw management of the studio's ongoing DC Universe films reshuffled in response to the muted critical and audience reaction to Batman V Superman: Dawn Of Justice.
Hoechlin will be the sixth actor to portray the last son of Krypton on a live-action television series following George Reeves, John Haymes Newton, Gerard Christopher, Dean Cain, and Tom Welling.
Image copyright Business Wales
Only seven jobs each have been created at two of the Welsh government's enterprise zones in the last year.
More than 1,000 jobs were created at the Cardiff and Deeside zones but just seven each at Ebbw Vale and St Athan, showing a mixed picture.
The seven zones were set up by the Welsh government to provide business support including financial help.
A spokesperson said progress had been made but each zone was unique, and like-for-like comparisons were "unhelpful".
The figures show a mixed picture.
Between April 2014 and March 2015, Cardiff more than doubled the number of jobs created since being set up in 2011. Five hundred and 36 jobs were created in those 12 months compared with 465 prior to March 2014.
more than doubled the number of jobs created since being set up in 2011. Five hundred and 36 jobs were created in those 12 months compared with 465 prior to March 2014. Deeside was the other success story with 473.5 jobs being added in 2014-15 to its previous total of 779.
was the other success story with 473.5 jobs being added in 2014-15 to its previous total of 779. But Ebbw Vale's enterprise zone, which focuses on advanced materials and manufacturing, only had 7.5 jobs created in the latest period to add to its 172 total.
enterprise zone, which focuses on advanced materials and manufacturing, only had 7.5 jobs created in the latest period to add to its 172 total. St Athan has a similar focus and also only saw 7.5 new jobs added to its 94 previously created ones.
has a similar focus and also only saw 7.5 new jobs added to its 94 previously created ones. Milford Haven Waterway had 49.5 new jobs in 2014-15 on top of the 208 from the years prior to that.
had 49.5 new jobs in 2014-15 on top of the 208 from the years prior to that. Anglesey created 37 jobs to add to its 435 created up to March 2014.
created 37 jobs to add to its 435 created up to March 2014. In Snowdonia, the Welsh government said two businesses were supported compared to only one during the previous years. No job figures were provided.
More than £70m has been spent on enterprise zones since 2011.
The Welsh government, supported by the chairs of the enterprise zones, initially refused to release figures for the number of jobs created at each one.
The Information Commissioner supported Plaid Cymru's challenge to that position and ordered ministers to make the details public.
The latest figures show jobs created in the 2014-15 financial year.
A Welsh government spokesperson said: "We have always said that any like-for-like comparisons between the seven enterprise zones are unhelpful and misrepresent the local economic conditions and priorities within each unique zone.
"From the start, we expected each zone to have its own timetable and objectives, but good progress has been made in the zones and all have met individual key performance indicator targets."
'Drifting aimlessly'
Rhun ap Iorwerth, Plaid Cymru AM for Ynys Mon and a member of the assembly's enterprise and business committee, said better performers like Deeside might be expected to do well anyway.
"We've been demanding this data not to name and shame those not doing particularly well but to highlight where the focus is needed," they said.
"Enterprise zones have to be more than just a name; they have to be places which deliver growth and secure jobs."
For the Welsh Conservatives, Shadow Economy Minister William Graham said progress on the zones had been "painfully slow, and the "failure to make progress" in St Athan and Snowdonia needed looking at.
"With over £70 million having been invested so far, at more than £21,000 per job created, it's quite optimistic to describe these zones as having been a mixed success.
"Sadly the whole scheme seems to be drifting aimlessly and the minister must take this opportunity to reassess and refresh a project which has clearly lost its way."
Image caption The Iraqi authorities have stepped up security in Baghdad
At least 25 people have been killed in a series of bomb blasts in the Iraqi capital Baghdad, local officials say.
In the southern area of the city, 16 people were killed and some 40 injured in a car bomb explosion. Many victims were attending a wedding party.
Another nine people were killed and about 15 injured in two bomb blasts in western Baghdad.
The recent upsurge in violence across the country comes amid rising sectarian and political tension.
On Monday, 66 people were killed by car bombs in Baghdad targeting Shia-majority areas of the city, including on the edge of Sadr City.
Tension between the Shia Muslim majority, which leads the government, and minority Sunnis has been growing since last year.
Sunnis have accused the government of Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki of discriminating against them - something the government denies.
The UN has said more than 700 people were killed in April - the highest monthly toll in almost five years.
Estimates put the number of deaths this month at more than 450.
Despite the persistent violence, there have been intensifying efforts on both sides of the divide to prevent a return to civil war, observers say.
468mph, and, it's a glider. Before you scream about the video being fake, look up Dynamic Soaring. Basically the pilots find a hill where wind gusts over the top. The airplane tacks in to the wind on the windward side of the hill, and comes back around through dead air on the leeward side. Every time it carves across the fast moving air current, it gains speed.It takes a quality pilot, because these carbon fiber gliders would rip you in half like you were soft butter.Watch the original high-def video, there really is an aircraft flying by, it's not just some guy waving a camera at the sky making wooshing sound-effects with their mouth. It's hard to see because of it's profile, and the speed, but it's there.
As a Muslim mother who never saw a niqab when I was growing up in Karachi, Pakistan, I am astonished to see Canada's judiciary caving in to Islamists who have nothing but contempt for Canada's values of gender equality.
I write this as a Muslim Canadian who does not have any specific political leanings.
But in the 25 years I have called Canada home, I have seen a steady rise of Muslim women being strangled in the pernicious black tent that is passed off to naïve and guilt-ridden white, mainstream Canadians as an essential Islamic practice.
The niqab and burka have nothing to do with Islam.
They're the political flags of the Muslim Brotherhood, ISIS, the Taliban, al-Qaida and Saudi Arabia.
Now I learn I have not only to fight the medieval, theocratic adherents of my faith for a safe space for myself, I have to battle the Federal Court of Canada as well, which has come out on the side of these facemasks.
The ruling concerns the case of Zunera Ishaq, a 29-year-old woman who emigrated to Canada from Pakistan in 2008.
After previously showing their face to an immigration official in 2013 when taking their citizenship test, they refused to take part in the citizenship ceremony because they would have to show their face while taking the oath of citizenship.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper's government rightly banned face masks at such ceremonies, but this was found to be unlawful by the Federal Court.
With all due respect, let me introduce our Canadian judges to their Pakistani colleague in the jihadi badlands of Peshawar.
In November 2004, the Chief Justice of the Peshawar High Court (PHC), Tariq Pervaiz Khan, ordered female lawyers not to wear face veils in courtrooms, saying they couldn't be identified, nor assist the court properly while wearing veils.
They scolded the niqabi women saying,“You are professionals".
Covering the face is not a religious requirement for Muslim women.
The injunction in the Qur'an is for modesty (for men and women).
Some Muslim women interpret this as covering their head with a scarf or chador.
A scholar of Islamic history, Prof. Mohammad Qadeer of Queen's University, Kingston, wrote in the Globe and Mail in March 2006:
“The argument about concealing one's face as a religious obligation, is contentious and is not backed by the evidence.”
They added, “in Western societies, the niqab also is a symbol of distrust for fellow citizens and a statement of self-segregation.The wearer of a face veil is conveying: ‘I am violated if you look at me.'
It is a barrier in civic discourse. It also subverts public trust.”
The federal Liberals and NDP are treating Canada's niqabis as a latter day Rosa Parks, fighting for justice.
This is vote-bank politics that is, as my friend Tarek Fatah calls it, “sharia Bolshevism”.
There is just one way forward: The next government must legislate the complete ban on wearing face masks in public, not just to expose the hypocrisy of the Islamists but for the sake of our security as well.
— Raza is President of The Council for Muslims Facing Tomorrow, author of Their Jihad … Not my Jihad and an international activist for women's rights
twitter.com/raheelraza
Catholic bishops in the United States urged a pause in efforts to repeal the Affordable Care Act until Congress can ensure that the millions of Americans who rely on the A.C.A. for health insurance can be guaranteed coverage.
In a letter sent to senators and representatives on Jan. 18, Bishop Frank J. DeWane, head of the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops' committee on domestic justice, wrote that while the group originally opposed Obamacare because it “expanded the role of the federal government in funding and facilitating abortion,” it nonetheless recognizes “that the law has brought about important gains in coverage and those gains should be protected.”
Advertisement
“The Catholic bishops of the United States will examine health care proposals in greater depth and from various perspectives in the days ahead,” they continued.
“But we note for now that a repeal of key provisions of the Affordable Care Act ought not be undertaken without the concurrent passage of a replacement plan that ensures access to adequate health care for the millions of people who now rely upon it for their wellbeing.”
President-elect Donald J. Trump promised during their campaign that they would repeal Obamacare, and the Republican-controlled Congress has taken the first steps in recent days to make that possible.
Bishop DeWane's letter notes that Catholic bishops have long supported universal access to health care in the United States. The Congressional Budget Office, Congress' nonpartisan budget analyst, estimated on Jan. 17 that a bill passed in 2016 to only repeal—not replace—the law would result in 18 million more uninsured people and a spike in premiums.
RELATED: Readying for Trump, Catholic Leaders Express Worry over Regulatory Rollbacks
But elements of the Affordable Care Act, which has brought the rate of uninsured Americans down to record low levels and coincided with a plummet in the U.S. abortion rate, promote greater access to contraception. The law included limited exemptions from its contraception mandate for some employers who object on religious grounds.
The act's critics charge that its design has led to federal funding for abortion, as some insurers include the procedure in plans that can receive federal subsidies. These provisions caused a row within the church during the bill's passage in 2010, with bishops largely opposing the measure while other Catholic leaders supported it.
John Carr, who led the U.S.C.C.B.'s domestic policy shop for many years before their retirement in 2012, told America that the statement was “an important, principled and timely contribution because it lifts up the moral and human imperative to provide health care for all in the middle of a partisan and ideological battle."
Fallout from the bill has led to several lawsuits from Catholic entities in recent years, perhaps most notably from the Little Sisters of the Poor, a group of women religious who run nursing homes for the elderly.
Claiming that their religious liberty was at stake, the sisters successfully sued the Obama administration over its requirement to sign a form stating that their health insurance plans did not cover contraception, which would trigger third-party coverage for contraception through insurers.
But other Catholic leaders have been supportive of the law's overall goal.
At a conference in Washington earlier this month, Sister Carol Keehan, head of the Catholic Health Association, called health care “a basic human right,” and they urged “a united voice” from Catholic leaders to say it is “intolerable” for the tens of millions of Americans who receive health insurance through Obamacare to risk losing their coverage.
Sister Keehan was a key early supporter of the bill, receiving one of the pens President Obama used to sign the bill into law.
Michael O'Loughlin is the national correspondent for America and author of The Tweetable Pope: A Spiritual Revolution in 140 Characters. Follow them on Twitter at @mikeoloughlin.
Updates to follow
This story was updated at 12:31 p.m. on Jan. 18 with a reaction from John Carr, former head of U.S.C.C.B. Office of Social Development and World Peace.
Location: Tiger Stadium – Baton Rouge, LA [Capacity: 92,542]
Weather Forecast: 85°F, mostly sunny, winds E-SE at 14 mph
Time: 3:30 p.m. (ET) [3:39 p.m. kickoff]
TV: CBS/CBSHD
SiriusXM: 91
Online Video: CBSSports.com
Live Updates: @OnlyGators
(17/18) FLORIDA GATORS (1/2) LSU TIGERS Head Coach: Will Muschamp Head Coach: Les Miles Record: 4-1 (2-1) Record: 5-0 (2-0) Conference: Southeastern Conference: Southeastern Roster | Schedule Roster | Schedule
Odds: LSU -14; O/U 42.5
HOMEWORK
Need to catch up on the Gators before week four action? No problem. OGGOA has been here all week compiling a ton of information so you can do your homework on the team before its next exam Saturday afternoon at 3:30 p.m. on the road.
Muschamp's presser | Weis comments on offense | Quinn comments on defense
HISTORY and STREAKS
» Florida leads the all-time series against LSU 30-24-3 and is 6-5 against the Tigers since 2000. The Gators are also 16-13 all-time in Baton Rouge (4-2 since 1999).
» Muschamp was a former defensive coordinator at LSU under now Alabama head coach Nick Saban, while Tigers passing game coordinator/wide receivers coach Billy Gonzales coached Florida's pass catchers from 2005-09.
» Miles is 3-3 in their career against the Gators.
» Florida has half as many upperclassmen (17 seniors, 17 juniors) as they do underclassmen (36 sophomores, 35 freshmen) on the roster heading into the season.
» The Gators are outscoring opponents 64-13 in the first quarter and 106-44 in the first half this season. UF has also scored on their opening drive in four of five games.
» Florida ran the ball for 15 net yards on Saturday after the Gators rushed for 405 yards the week before, the sixth-best single-game performance in team history and the most since 1989. The team had a 100-yard rusher in four consecutive games, its second-longest streak ever, before failing to accomplish that feat against Alabama.
» UF's offensive line has only allowed five sacks through five games, making them second in the SEC team and tied for 20th nationally allowing just one sack per contest.
» Though Florida is 19-for-21 (90.4 percent) in red zone conversions, the Gators have only scored touchdowns on 11 of those opportunities.
» Florida did not acquire a single turnover against Alabama after forcing four in their previous game and seven total over the prior three weeks.
» The Gators defense has forced the most turnovers in the SEC (311) since 2000. Florida also has the most interceptions in the nation (72) since 2008.
» UF's defense is six in the nation in preventing third-down conversions, allowing just 27.7 percent of those attempted to be successful.
» Florida is No. 7 nationally and second in the SEC in total defense (258.6 yards per game). The Gators are also No. 13 nationally and third in the SEC in scoring defense (14.8 points per game).
» LSU is the only team in the nation with three victories over ranked opponents; they are looking for their second-straight 6-0 start to a season.
» The Tigers have won 13-straight games in their home stadium. LSU's last loss in Baton Rouge was to Florida, 13-3 in 2009. They are also 4-0 against the SEC East since.
» LSU's defense has held opponents without a touchdown in 15-of-20 quarters played.
» The Tigers have forced 12 turnovers in 2011 and have converted 75 percent of those into points (eight touchdowns, one field goal). They lead the SEC and are No. 4 nationally in turnover margin at +1.8 per game.
» LSU's run defense has not allowed a rush of more than 17 years, and the Tigers have allowed just 13 rushing plays of 10 yards or more.
» Florida and LSU are split down the middle when it comes to the four major statistical categories. The Gators top the Crimson Tide in national averages of rushing yards 210.2-172.6 (21st-48th) and passing yards 203.6-177.0 (86th-100th), while LSU leads Florida in points scored 38.0-34.2 (18th-37th) and points against 12.8-14.8 (9th-13th). The teams both defeated Kentucky this year with UF winning 48-10 on the road and LSU earning the victory 35-7 at home.
LAST TIME OUT
Like this year, Florida started the 2010 season 4-0 before being routed by Alabama one week prior to taking on LSU. The Gators returned home to The Swamp and stuck around with the Tigers all night long, leading 29-26 with more than three minutes to play after Andre Debose returned a kick 88 yards for a touchdown and Mike Gillislee ran for a score late in the fourth quarter. LSU engineered a crazy final stand, using a fake field goal to continue their drive and end it with a three-yard passing touchdown with just six seconds remaining in the game. The Tigers accumulated 142 more yards in the game (70 more through the air and 72 additional yards on the ground) , and Jordan Jefferson scored twice on the ground while Jarrett Lee threw two touchdowns to Terrance Toliver.
ESPN COLLEGE GAMEDAY
Aside from the first hour of GameDay being hosted by Florida alum and ESPN reporter Erin Andrews, the Gators will be featured during Saturday's broadcast from 10 a.m. to 12 p.m. Because the Tigers are the No. 1 team in the country and the game is at LSU, the focus will primarily be on them with video packages and discussions about the team. Andrews interviewed both Les Miles and Tyrann Mathieu this week. There will be talk about Florida's quarterback situation and, of course, the three hosts along with a guest picker will make their selections as to who will win the game.
INJURIES / ABSENCES
[EXPAND Click to expand and read the remainder of OGGOA's Gameday Preview!]FLORIDA
» Inactive: Redshirt senior quarterback John Brantley (lower leg)
» Unknown: Freshman quarterback Jeff Driskel (ankle)
PLAYERS TO KEEP AN EYE ON
FLORIDA
» Freshman quarterbacks Jeff Driskel (#16) and Jacoby Brissett (#17)…either of whom would start their first career game in one of the most hostile environments in college football. Driskel, who has been the backup all season and has gone 7/16 for 73 yards with two interceptions, is expected to start but may be replaced by Brissett due to a bum ankle. Brissett has not seen action during the regular season and did not participate in the team's spring game either as they were still in high school at the time.
» Redshirt senior running back Chris Rainey (#1)…who has 661 yards of total offense this season with five touchdowns (including a punt block return). Rainey is averaging 5.6 yards per carry and 17.6 yards per reception and leads Florida in rushing and receiving this season. They became the first player in school history to have a rushing, receiving and return touchdown in the same game, achieved the school and SEC record for career punt blocks (five), and is the active leader in that category nationally. They also rushed for 100 yards or more in three-straight games, the first UF player to do so since Fred Taylor last accomplished that feat 14 years ago.
» Senior RB Jeff Demps (#28)…who has averaged 8.8 yards per carry so far this year including a career-high 157 two weeks ago. After sitting out most of the team's second game, Demps now has 324 yards and four touchdowns on the ground this season. They also have the second-most receptions (10) on the team this year. Demps eclipsed the 2,000-yard career rushing mark against Florida Atlantic.
» Redshirt sophomore wide receiver Andre Debose…who jumped to second on the Gators' receiving list after posting a 65-yard touchdown last week on the first play of the game. Fans have been waiting for Debose to emerge for some time, and their 154 receiving yards are the second-best on the team through its first five games.
» Sophomore safety Matt Elam (#22)…who is the most valuable member of Florida's secondary in only their second year.  They are third on the team in tackles (22) and created turnovers in three-straight games (fumble-INT-INT) before failing to do so last week.
» Defensive tackles sophomore Dominique Easley (#2) and redshirt senior Jaye Howard (#6)…who have solidified the interior of one of the Gators' strongest units. Howard is the team's most experienced player on defense (22 starts), while Easley may be its most dynamic off the snap, with a first-step raved about by teammates and coaches alike. Howard and Easley have combined for 7.0 tackles for loss and 1.5 sacks (Howard) through the first five games.
» Linebackers junior Jon Bostic (#52) and redshirt sophomore will linebacker Jelani Jenkins (#3)…who are 1-2 on the team in tackles. Bostic (29) and Jenkins (26) have each excelled in different areas for Florida. The former has four tackles for a loss and two sacks while the latter has one sack and four pass breakups on the year.
» Sophomore Buck LB Ronald Powell (#7)…who is tied for a team-high with 2.0 sacks and forced two interceptions via quarterback pressures against Tennessee. Powell has 13 tackles on the season including two for losses.
» Redshirt junior Sam LB Lerentee McCray (#34)…who is starting for the first time in their career and is third on the team in tackles for loss with 3.5. They also have two three breakups and three QB hurries on the season.
» Redshirt junior kicker Caleb Sturigs (#19)…who has returned for Florida after missing the final eight games of the 2010 season with an injured back.  They are 12-for-13 in field goal attempts on the season (long: 51) and perfect with 19 extra points, leading the Gators with 55 points scored this season.
LSU
» CB Tyrann Mathieu (#7)…who is one of the most feared defenders in the nation this season due to their propensity for making game-changing plays. Mathieu leads the SEC in forced fumbles (four) and fumble recoveries (three). They also nabbed an interception this season, scored two defensive touchdowns and leads their team in tackles (35).
» QB Jarrett Lee (#12)…who torched UF for two touchdowns in 2010. They have thrown for 793 yards with seven touchdowns and just one interception in 2011 but is only completing 59.3 percent of their passes.
» QB Jordan Jefferson (#9)…who returned to action last week after missing the first four games due to suspension. Jefferson rushed for two scores against Florida in 2010 and is expected to be mixed into LSU's offense this week.
» RBs Spencer Ware (#11) and Michael Ford (#42)…who have combined for 625 yards and nine touchdowns on the ground. Ware is the more powerful of the two, while Ford is elusive and averaging more yards per carry on fewer touches each game.
CBS SPORTS VIDEO PREVIEW
[/EXPAND]
I've always appreciated the quality and craftsmanship that goes into each SOFTT-W Tourniquet and feel they're the best on the market. That being said, their bulkiness right out of the package has always bugged me. As an aside, if you're storing your tourniquets in the package; DON'T! In the critical situation where you'd need a tourniquet, you don't want to mess around with having to open a plastic wrapper.
After plenty of practice refolding the SOFTT-W over and over again, I feel that I've come up with a good repeatable method for folding that I'd like to share with you. The benefits to this technique, which I'm dubbing “flat fold,” are that it reduces the overall profile of the SOFTT-W from 2″ to 1″ while still maintaining the same 5″ overall length. The length of the SOFTT-W is longest at the windlass, which is where the 5″ measurement comes from.
SOFTT-W Tourniquet Flat Fold
We've created a video below where I show how to fold the TQ below and we've also added detailed photos showing each step. The only other addition I'd like to make is to mention that the flat fold method shown here uses a 7″ tail, or bitter end when folding. There's certainly not a right way or a wrong way to do this, but this is just the best method I've found for making the SOFTT-W as compact as possible.
Final Notes
A few additional points to mention with the flat fold method are that the TQ is now more streamlined to help it from getting caught on things. It's especially beneficial if you're wearing a TQ on the shoulder strap of your plate carrier or affixing it to the side of a MOLLE Pouch, like our ETA Trauma Kit Pouch. The flat fold is also perfect for storage in our EDC Slimline Pouch to always have a TQ available on your belt.
Hopefully the photos and the video together make it easy to understand the folding method, but if you have any questions, feel free to leave them below in the comments.
ICAC: August 2014 archive Operation Spicer PUBLIC discussion about urban renewal in Newcastle has reached an interesting point. We must consider the future of renewal in our city in a clear and rational way, considering facts and not just our personal biases. Some people opposed to the current renewal plans say the light rail and GPT/UrbanGrowth projects should be stalled until the current ICAC hearings are complete. These people want an inquiry into these projects, claiming undue influence or interference in due process. The ICAC hearings throughout 2014 have revealed wrongdoing on both sides of politics, allegedly ranging from clumsy dishonesty to systematic criminality. The recent hearings have examined allegations relating to improper funding of election campaigns for the members for Newcastle and Charlestown. Any assertion that there must be some link between the ICAC hearings and urban renewal projects in Newcastle are speculation. To call for an inquiry implies that the entire departments of Planning and Infrastructure, and Transport, have somehow been unduly influenced by junior MPs. This is clearly not the case. Don't get me wrong; making allowance for normal human fallibility, I think that anyone with a faulty moral compass should think twice about seeking public office. Any suggestion, however, that only property developers could buy influence through election campaign contributions is fanciful. Unions have been funding election campaigns for generations, seeking - and gaining - influence over public policy decisions. Is it acceptable for some groups to make unrestricted contributions to election campaigns? Of course not - so why are we focusing solely on donations from developers? The Election Funding, Expenditure and Disclosures Act (NSW) prohibits donations from property developers, tobacco companies and entities in the liquor or gambling industries. That is inequitable. We need law reform in this area urgently. The case for public funding of election campaigns is strong. But, again; does the ICAC hearing necessarily mean Newcastle's urban renewal, including the light rail and the mall projects, should be suspended, pending a review? No, it doesn't. Nor does it mean that every government decision involving Tim Owen or Andrew Cornwell should be investigated or reversed. Surely that would be a logical step, if we are to suspend the light rail and UrbanGrowth projects? Why stop at just two? Remember, the Newcastle rail issue has been discussed for 30 years. The former state government received a report in 2009 that recommended heavy rail truncation and installation of light rail. Decisions around the rail project have been made with careful analysis and consideration, without undue haste or undue influence. Similarly, the UrbanGrowth/GPT project has not evolved overnight. Years of work have been put into planning and analysis of development options. The processes seem to have been conducted entirely properly, with due consideration of probity, surrounding buildings (including heritage buildings), and other impacts. Some critics of this project say the project will destroy Newcastle's heritage. With due respect - it seems that developers do the majority of heritage restoration and preservation in this city and elsewhere. Restoring heritage buildings is very expensive and difficult. Those vocal heritage advocates might better serve the community by actually doing something, rather than just complaining. They, along with the rest of us, have utterly neglected these valuable heritage buildings. How can the worthwhile heritage buildings in the CBD be saved? By promoting redevelopment that incorporates them into facilities that people actually use. There are people who claim they object to taller buildings in the CBD because they will destroy the heritage of the city, or impact views to Christ Church Cathedral, or alter the "low-rise vibe" of the East End. These people say that the mall has become vibrant without tall buildings, so why build them? It's true; there is a wonderful excitement and vibrancy in and around the mall and that is a credit to the business people who have taken the risk and put their own money on the line to make it happen. But this city needs more than superficial renovations at street level, or a "coffee-led recovery" if we want people to live, study and work here. We need smart, sustainable renewal and real, substantial employment. So far, I haven't seen a real economic or business case from those standing against the current proposals. I believe that those who oppose the renewal in the city, who claim they stand for heritage preservation or the "low-rise vibe" of the East End, have a moral duty to declare their own interests. Do they stand to lose their harbour views? Are they protecting their own property values? I challenge them to come clean. Shouldn't everyone who is seeking to influence the outcome declare their interests? We expect it of our politicians; why not all of us? People keep saying they love the new vibrancy of the mall. So do I, but I think the vibrancy of real renewal is far more valuable - for all of us - than a view. Edward Crawford is chairperson of the Property Council of Australia Hunter chapter and lectures in property economics and finance at the University of Newcastle.
https://nnimgt-a.akamaihd.net/transform/v1/crop/frm/storypad-36mDshx2U2dAuMR3XyjpW6R/128de512-d058-469c-96d9-fa459e4aacfd.jpg/r3_3_1198_678_w1200_h678_fmax.jpg
This is a long-awaited week in the NFL. Every club reports to training camp. And not a moment too soon.
I always think it is important to take the temperature of NFL teams before training camp and the preseason kick into gear, so you don't overreact to the first week of practice or the third quarter of the third preseason game.
Sure, there are things to watch in these next six weeks. I'm dying to check out the Colts' offensive line, with first-round center Ryan Kelly heading an influx of necessary reinforcements. I want to get a glimpse of a Packers defense that could start multiple rookies. And of course, I need to see who's playing quarterback for the defending champs in Denver. All of these things fold into the process of preseason prognostication. But you don't want your summertime takes to be hotter than the training camp sun. I put my preseason picks in pen right after Labor Day.
Heading into this season -- before my initial perspective gets hijacked by the allure of live football -- I believe the Cardinals, Seahawks, Packers, Panthers and Patriots are absolutely playoff teams this year. I also really like the Texans and Raiders. I'm buying the Cowboys. I respect the Vikings and Redskins. On the other side of things, I think the Browns and 49ers are in for long, long seasons. So are the Chargers. Meanwhile, the Titans are better than last year, but not playoff-bound.
So that leaves us with ... well ... everyone else. And of the remaining teams, nine have fully captured my interest heading into training camp. They feel like teams on the bubble, teams that could flourish or flail in 2016. Here's a closer inspection of those nine most fascinating clubs -- a case for, a case against and a very, very early glimpse into my thinking on each.
1) Denver Broncos
The case for: As the late, great Yogi Berra might've said, the Super Bowl champs are the Super Bowl champs. And that defense was historic last season. Von Miller rightly got their monster deal. The cornerback tandem of Chris Harris and Aqib Talib is superb. (Though we will have to see about the aftermath of Talib's offseason shooting incident. Bears mentioning, though, that Denver actually has a third corner with stellar skills in Bradley Roby.) Wade Phillips is a guru. I talked to Harris last week on my SiriusXM Radio show, "Schein on Sports," and they mentioned Derek Wolfe as a player who is primed to elevate their game this season. Gary Kubiak brilliantly skippered Denver to a Super Bowl 50 triumph, handling the Peyton Manning-Brock Osweiler quarterback "controversy" with aplomb. Emmanuel Sanders and Demaryius Thomas are a strong starting combo at receiver.
The case against: The Broncos currently have one of the three worst starting-quarterback situations in the NFL. Mark Sanchez plays their worst when it matters the most. Their follies and failures as a Jet -- not sure if you're aware, but they once ran into the backside of an offensive lineman and fumbled -- are well-chronicled. Their struggles in Philly need to be mentioned and stressed, too. Remember the four turnovers in a 2014 loss to Green Bay? How about the back-breaking (and predictable) pick against the Redskins in Week 16 of that same season (one that saw Chip Kelly's 10-6 squad fall just short of the playoffs)? Trevor Siemian is Trevor Siemian. I love the raw talent of Paxton Lynch and their fit in Kubiak's offense, but the neophyte might not be ready immediately. I think the free agency losses of Malik Jackson and Danny Trevathan are more substantial than most people realize (especially in Jackson's case -- dude was a beast in the postseason run).
My way-too-early feeling: I sense a 10-6 or 9-7 wild-card bid for the champs. I think Denver will struggle mightily at quarterback and greatly miss Osweiler. I think the Raiders win the AFC West.
2) Cincinnati Bengals
The case for: Marvin Lewis and Andy Dalton win afternoon games from September through December. The defense, powered by Geno Atkins, Carlos Dunlap and an able defensive backfield, is incredibly strong. A.J. Green is a bona fide star out wide. The offensive line is strong. Cincy can run the ball. And the Bengals travel to Pittsburgh early, with Le'Veon Bell in line to be suspended for the game.
The case against: Marvin Lewis and Andy Dalton lose prime-time games in big spots. And then lose in the playoffs. It's kind of a big deal. And now both will be negatively affected by former offensive coordinator Hue Jackson taking the Browns head-coaching job. Mohamed Sanu and Marvin Jones left via free agency. Tyler Eifert's health is (always) in question.
My way-too-early feeling: Second place in the AFC North behind Pittsburgh. I think the Bengals are closer to the Ravens than Steelers -- and if Baltimore shows health this preseason, I could very easily move the Ravens in front of Cincy.
3) Kansas City Chiefs
The case for: Andy Reid is a winning coach. Alex Smith is a winning quarterback. The offense made major progress last year. Jamaal Charles is a stud, albeit one coming off a torn ACL. But with Charcandrick West and Spencer Ware, K.C. has solid depth at running back. The defense is well-coached under Bob Sutton, and the pass rush is ferocious (though we'll have to see about Justin Houston's health). Eric Berry is a force in the back end. Marcus Peters had a spectacular rookie year. The 2015 Chiefs were fantastic down the stretch, closing out the regular season with 10 straight wins before blowing out the Texans -- in Houston -- on Wild Card Weekend.
The case against: Sean Smith left to join the Raiders. The offensive line doesn't dazzle (though Mitchell Schwartz was a nice addition). Reid's game management is ... suspect. The division is tough.
My way-too-early feeling: The Chiefs are one of the tougher teams to figure in the NFL. And I like Alex Smith more than most. Still, I think K.C. is, at best, the third-best team in the AFC West.
4) Jacksonville Jaguars
The case for: Jacksonville ultimately had the best offseason of any NFL club, when you combine free agency and the draft. Blake Bortles is coming into their own. Allen Robinson is a true No. 1 receiver. There is depth and talent at the skill positions. On defense, snatching Malik Jackson away from Denver was a coup. Jalen Ramsey was the best player in the draft. Oh, and one thing that certainly doesn't hurt Jacksonville's cause in the AFC South race: J.J. Watt's recent back surgery.
The case against: Is Ramsey healthy after needing surgery this offseason? General manager Dave Caldwell says he'll be full-go in camp. How about Myles Jack? I love Gus Bradley's energy, but is they the coach to take Jacksonville to the next level?
My way-too-early feeling: Jacksonville's vastly improved and Caldwell deserves much credit. I think the Jags are a solid, young bunch poised for eight or nine wins. But will that be enough?
5) New Orleans Saints
The case for: Drew Brees can put up numbers in a contract year. (If there's one thing Brees has always loved, it's their next contract.) Sean Payton is back, so there is continuity on offense. The defense, which was absolutely horrendous in 2015, got some much-needed talent in the draft (Sheldon Rankins and Vonn Bell).
The case against: Brees isn't getting any younger at age 37. You can make a case the Saints might've been better served cutting the cord on Payton and bringing in a new voice to lead this franchise. The division is tough, with the reigning NFC champion Panthers, as well as the Falcons and Bucs (both of whom got better). The defense, despite the asupervisorstioned improvement, remains light years away from being strong.
My way-too-early feeling: 7-9 feels right for New Orleans. That might be last place in this NFC South.
6) New York Giants
The case for: The Giants spent a lot of cash in free agency; Olivier Vernon, Janoris Jenkins and Damon Harrison constitute gigantic upgrades on defense. Odell Beckham Jr. is a uniquely gifted receiver. Eli Manning is still Eli Manning.
The case against: The Giants foolishly forced out Hall of Fame coach Tom Coughlin. Can elevate former offensive coordinator Ben McAdoo be a lead dog? Remains to be seen. I don't think Big Blue's defense is good enough, even with the offseason additions. Offensively, the Giants still have major questions in the backfield, along the O-line and on the WR depth chart.
My way-too-early feeling: The Giants have that 8-8, third-place feel.
7) Atlanta Falcons
The case for: Julio Jones could be the best receiver in football today. Matt Ryan is much better than what they showed last year. Signing Alex Mack to bolster the O-line -- while adding leadership and toughness -- was savvy. I also applaud bringing in Mohamed Sanu, who has promise as a secondary target. Devonta Freeman was a stud running the football in 2015 -- particularly in the first half of the season -- and implementing Tevin Coleman more can keep Freeman fresher down the stretch.
The case against: The defense is still alarming. The Falcons finished last season dead last in the NFL with a paltry 19 sacks, and I'm not sure who on this roster is going to get after the quarterback in 2016. After a 5-0 start to 2015, Atlanta didn't show much toughness and completely collapsed during a six-game losing streak.
My way-too-early feeling: I like head coach Dan Quinn. I am also a believer in offensive coordinator Kyle Shanahan. But I think Atlanta maxes out at 8-8.
8) Indianapolis Colts
The case for: Finally, GM Ryan Grigson aided Andrew Luck and addressed the offensive line. Luck is healthy, has a new mega-bucks contract and is ready to remind you he's the best young quarterback in the business. Luck makes everyone better.
The case against: Yes, Luck makes everyone better ... but this team just isn't very good. In reality, the Colts don't have the talent of the Texans or Jaguars, let alone the Patriots.
My way-too-early feeling: If I see progress on defense and along the O-line, I'll probably get swept off my feet by Luck. I feel like Indy is a 9-7 team, but given the individual genius of No. 12, I could see Indy reaching double-digit wins and making the playoffs.
9) New York Jets
The case for: The defensive line is excellent. Brandon Marshall and Eric Decker are a fantastic 1-2 punch at receiver. I loved the Matt Forte pickup. The Jets won 10 games last year, and Todd Bowles showed their chops as a head coach.
The case against: Ryan Fitzpatrick? Geno Smith? Christian Hackenberg? Ken O'Brien? And the schedule is brutal, especially in the first six weeks. Darrelle Revis just turned 31, and they showed their age at times last season.
My way-too-early feeling: We need to see how it shakes out at quarterback, but I think the Jets take a step back and stumble to 7-9.
UPDATED: Fitzpatrick and the Jets agreed to a one-year deal on Wednesday.
Follow Adam Schein on Twitter @AdamSchein.
The Junior Kia Toronto FC Academy team travelled to Italy to participate in the fifteenth “Torneo Dell'Amicizia Giovanile Internazionale", a tournament that ran from the 26th to the 29th of August in San Giorgio della Richinvelda and other areas in the province of Pordenone.
The tournament hosted 12 clubs including several well-known European teams such as FC Porto, Inter Milan, and Udinese Calcio. It was a great experience for the young Reds to play against top European teams and talent.
Prior to travelling to Italy, the team took on Rijeka FC in Umag, Croatia, in an exhibition match in preparation for the tournament.
The Juniors put on a impressive offensive performance, winning the match 4-2.
Kia TFC Academy Juniors moved onto the tournament in Italy and picked up a 1-0 victory in their opening match against Udinese Calcio.
The Academy's goal came from Shaan Hundal who headered home a cross from the left flank by Dante Morrissette in what turned out to be the game-winning goal.
TFCA's defense was stellar in the match against Udinese, allowing only one shot on goal.
The very next day the young Reds took on Inter Milan in the second match of the group stage.
It was an electrifying battle between the Academy and the Italian powerhouse that ended in a 1-1 draw.
TFC Academy went down just before halftime as Inter capitalized on a TFC Academy turnover from a free-kick inside their half.
The Juniors had a glorious opportunity to equalize two minutes into the second half after an Inter defender was called for a handball in the box.
Glenn Muenkat stepped up to spot but couldn't convert, hitting the penalty over the bar.
TFCA eventually got the equalizer from Shaan Hundal with 10 minutes left in the match.
A long pass was played into Hundal from just past the halfway line and they were able to get a head on it and beat the Inter goalkeeper from just inside the box.
The Academy's final match of the group stage came against USD Gravis. The team went into the match knowing a win would guarantee a spot in the semi-finals against Dinamo Zagreb.
Again TFCA found themselves behind a goal but this time was able to draw level in the first half.
Michael Procopio pounced on a loose ball after Gravis' goalkeeper spilled a cross to level the match at 1-1.
TFCA had 17 attempts on goal in the second half but were unable to find the game-winner.
Although TFC Academy went undefeated in the group stage (1-0-2), it wasn't enough to put them through into the semi-finals.
"This was a fantastic opportunity for the players and our staff to get a good gage of where we are at against stellar European competition,” said Head Coach Danny Dichio following the tournament.
“It was a wonderful experience that I am sure the players took a lot from and will remember for many years to come,” they added.
With Inter finishing top of the group, TFCA were contending against the other two second-place teams for the final spot in the semis.
Unfortunately for the young Reds, Liventina went 3-2-0 in Group C, finishing with one point more than the Academy and securing the final spot in the semi-finals.
Photo credit: https://www.facebook.com/torneogiovanileamicizia
Accessing and viewing child pornography over the internet is not necessarily a crime under New York law, the state's highest court ruled Tuesday.
The unanimous court said that child porn stored in a computer's browser cache is not enough evidence to convict someone for child-porn possession under state law.
The New York Court of Appeals ruled that the authorities, under New York's child-porn statutes, must prove that an internet surfer knew that their computer automatically stored cached images, or printed or downloaded the images.
"Nonetheless, that such images were simply viewed, and that defendant had the theoretical capacity to exercise control over them during the time they were resident on the screen, is not enough to constitute their procurement or possession," Judge Carmen Ciparick wrote (.pdf) for the court.
(A cache contains images or portions of a web page that are automatically stored when that page is visited and displayed on a computer screen. If the web surfer visits a web page again at a later date, the images are recalled from the cache rather than being pulled from the internet, allowing the page to load more quickly.)
Judge Victoria Graffeo concurred with the results in a separate opinion but blasted it nonetheless. They said the decision "will, unfortunately, lead to increased consumption of child pornography by luring new visitors who were previously dissuaded by the potential for criminal prosecution."
Patrick Trueman, president of Morality in Media, also decried the decision, saying the court has given "permission to pedophiles and child molesters to continue the sexual molestation and recording of child sex abuse."
High courts in Georgia and Alaska have ruled similarly. To counter similar rulings by two federal appeals courts, Congress in 2008 amended federal child-porn statutes to include language making it a crime to "knowingly access" child porn.
Child pornography generally may be prosecuted as either a state or federal crime.
The case before New York's highest court concerned James Kent, a former Marist College professor, who claimed the thousands of child pornography images found on their work computer were for a research project.
In 2007, their computer hard drive was malfunctioning. College technicians examined the hard drive for defects and encountered the porn, much of it downloaded and stored. The high court's ruling did not alter James Kent's 141 convictions in connection to downloaded child pornography, but it reversed the two convictions dealing with porn discovered in the cache.
They were sentenced to an indeterminate term of one to three years, which is unlikely to change under the court's decision.
The 2015 recipient of the Council of Chief State School Officers (CCSSO) National Teacher of the Year Award, Shanna Peeples, recently spoke about the importance of teachers believing in their students—and imparting their expectations to students—particularly students who doubt their ability to succeed academically. Students have similar feelings and frequently report favoring teachers who “believe in [students'] ability to succeed”. Teachers' expectations may either counteract or reinforce negative expectations held by traditionally disadvantaged students who lack access to educationally-successful role models. To date, however, little is known about how teachers form expectations and whether their expectations are systematically biased.
Along with colleagues at American University and Johns Hopkins University, I begin to address these questions in a recent study. We find evidence of systematic biases in teachers' expectations for the educational attainment of black students. Specifically, non-black teachers have significantly lower educational expectations for black students than black teachers do when evaluating the same students. We cannot determine whether the black teachers are too optimistic, the non-black teachers are too pessimistic, or some combination of the two. This is nonetheless concerning, as teachers' expectations likely shape student outcomes and systematic biases in teachers' expectations for student success might contribute to persistent socio-demographic gaps in educational achievement and attainment. As Ms. Peeples noted in their interview, it is important that all teachers maintain and convey high expectations for all students.
Our study identifies systematic biases in teachers' expectations using data from a nationally representative survey of U.S. tenth graders that asked two teachers per student how much education they expected the student to ultimately complete. The research design is motivated by the intuitive idea that if two teachers disagree about the expected educational attainment of a student, at least one of the teachers must be wrong. One possibility is that such differences are random in nature, owing perhaps to idiosyncrasies in the chance encounters that occur between students and teachers during the school year. However, if such differences in teachers' expectations are related to the demographic match between students and teachers, this suggests that teachers have systematically biased beliefs about students' educational potential for at least a subset of student-teacher relationships.
Having two teachers provide their expectations for each student is central to our strategy for disentangling the causal relationship between student-teacher demographic mismatch and teachers' expectations for students from other, possibly confounding factors. For example, student and teacher race may be correlated with school resources, which might influence the likelihood of being assigned to an other-race teacher, but also influence expectations about educational attainment. However, comparing two teachers' expectations—one black and one non-black—for the same student at the same point in time eliminates such concerns.
When looking at average effects across all students, we find small, statistically significant effects of student-teacher racial mismatch on teachers' expectations. However, these relatively small average effects are entirely driven by much larger effects among black students. For example, when a black student is evaluated by one black teacher and by one non-black teacher, the non-black teacher is about 30 percent less likely to expect that the student will complete a four-year college degree than the black teacher.
These results are not meant to, nor should they, demonize or implicate teachers. Biases in expectations are generally unintentional and are an artifact of how humans categorize complex information.[1] Rather, we hope to start a dialogue between educators, policymakers, parents, researchers, and other stakeholders about the possible causes and consequences of systematic biases in teachers' expectations for student achievement and attainment. Our findings highlight the need to better understand how teachers form expectations, what types of interventions can reduce or eliminate biases in teacher expectations, and perhaps most importantly, how such expectations and biases affect the long-run student outcomes of ultimate import. Correlations between teachers' expectations and student outcomes are well documented, but whether or not this relationship is causal remains unclear; it is a question that our research group is currently working on.
The finding that student-teacher racial mismatch affects teachers' expectations for students' educational attainment is consistent with existing evidence that indicates student-teacher racial mismatch directly affects student achievement (see studies from Tennessee, California, and Florida). To the extent that teacher expectations do affect student outcomes, the systematic biases in teachers' expectations discussed above illustrate the importance of hiring of a more representative teaching force. Although the teaching force has become more racially and ethnic diverse of late, in 2012, 44 percent of K-12 students in the U.S. were racial or ethnic minorities compared to only 17 percent of teachers. Similarly, it might be wise for teacher training and professional development programs to routinely emphasize the importance and duty of all teachers to nurture, support, and encourage all students, regardless of their innate ability, talents, behaviors, or home circumstances. Teachers can avoid the “soft bigotry of low expectations” by maintaining, and expressing, high expectations for each and every student.
[1] See, for example, Cosmides, Leda, John Tooby, and Robert Kurzban. 2003. “Perceptions of Race.” Trends in Cognitive Sciences 7(4):173–179.
Towards the end of last year The Falkirk Herald included a number of articles about the outbreak of the Great War – some were harrowing stories about local men who lost their lives as well as of the survivors who returned to their families so damaged mentally and physically that their lives were never the same again.
There were happier stories and I want to remember one man, Peter Neil Wilson, the father of my good friend Nanette Hotchkiss from Polmont.
When war broke out in August 1914 Peter was employed at the ill-fated colliery Redding No. 23. It was hard and dangerous work and many miners ignored requests to stay put and raise the coal needed for the war effort and enlisted instead. Amazingly, Peter and one their pals decided to toss a coin – if it came down heads they'd volunteer but if it was tails they would head to Australia where Peter had family. Heads it was and off they went to take the King's Shilling in Stirling Castle where they joined the Royal Field Artillery.
It was the start of an adventure of which film scripts are made. On the Western Front Peter was put in charge of a horse-drawn gun carriage. At an overnight stop they sold the horse to a French farmer and later that same night pinched it back, hitched up and away up the line.
They aren't long in the trenches before they were wounded and had to be repatriated. Nanette remembers in later years how the shrapnel ‘floated' about inside their leg! While in Stobhill Hospital they met an Irish soldier and the two applied to train as army cooks and were accepted on a course in Cornwall. However, they fell asleep on the train, missed their connection and ended up on the south coast with the squaddies heading back to France.
Peter was soon in action on the Somme and was awarded the Distinguished Conduct Medal (DCM) for going into no-man's land under fire to repair communication lines. They survived the war and on returning to Redding Colliery was given a gold Albert Watch by their fellow workers.
They worked below for only a short time before trying their hand at running a fish and chip shop in Edinburgh and then headed for Australia to make their fortune. Their wife and family remained in Falkirk and after five years they came back home because they were reluctant to uproot and cross the world. They worked for a few years as an agent for a Glasgow company selling imported goods from Canada and Switzerland, but when World War Two broke out the business folded.
Now in their forties they considered volunteering again but their wife laid down the law. No more soldiering for you my lad! Finally they started work in the ICI where they remained until their sudden death aged just 55 in 1948.
Despite 67 years passing, Nanette's memories of their adventurous father remain fresh and they have some treasured possessions to remind them
A few photographs, a piece of petrified Flanders ‘mud', a bashed silver thrupenny (which they said saved their lives) and, of course, the medals earned on the field of battle with the DCM in pride of place.
What an amazing life!
The Broadway musical “The Last Ship” will close on Jan. 24 despite an unusual attempt by Sting, its composer, to try to increase ticket sales and spread word about the show by joining its cast last month. Two of the musical's producers, Jeffrey Seller and Kathryn Schenker, shared the news in an email on Monday night to members of the production and other supporters of “The Last Ship.”
“We have been bewildered and saddened by our inability to sustain an audience for this musical that we deeply love,” the producers wrote about the show, which cost $15 million to mount on Broadway and an additional $625,000 or more to run each week. “There are no easy explanations.” A copy of the email was provided to The New York Times on Monday night.
“The Last Ship,” Sting's debut as a Broadway composer, had been one of the most anticipated new musicals of the 2014-15 theater season, given their talents and high profile as well as its team, including Tony Award-winning director Joe Mantello (“Wicked”) and Mr. Seller, a Tony winner for new musicals like “Rent,” “Avenue Q” and “In the Heights.” While Sting's score drew strong reviews when the musical opened in October, the show's book — about the lives of shipbuilders and others in a struggling British town — came in for criticism, and ticket sales never took off.
Sting went to great lengths through the summer and fall to publicize the show, and then took the surprise step in November of announcing that they would join the cast in a supporting role, of the shipyard supervisor. They took over the character from the actor Jimmy Nail, a longtime friend of Sting's who said they were happy to step aside in hopes that Sting's drawing power could breathe stronger life into the show.
The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) opens a Disaster Recovery Center in Rockland County beginning today to assist victims of Hurricane Sandy. The Disaster Recovery Center is located at in the second floor Community Room at Provident Bank Park at 1 Provident Bank Park Drive in Pomona. Its hours of operation on Saturday, Nov. 10 are from 1 p.m. to 8 p.m.
Starting Sunday, Nov. 11, the Center will be open from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m., seven days a week until further notice.
"This is a great opportunity for Rockland residents to find out about disaster assistance from knowledgeable FEMA personnel," said County Executive C. Scott Vanderhoef. "Residents and business owners should not hesitate to request help with registering for disaster assistance, filing insurance claims, or checking the status of an existing claim. Hurricane Sandy devastated parts of our County, and we want to ensure that the victims of the storm are able to apply to get the help they are entitled to from the Federal Government."
Residents who apply for Federal assistance will be asked for the following information:
The address of damaged home or apartment
Names of people living in your household
A description of your disaster damages
Insurance information
Your Social Security Number
A telephone number where they can reach you or leave a message
An address where you can receive mail
If you want your disaster assistant funds sent directly to your
bank, you will need to provide: bank account type account number routing number
Residents are encouraged to visit the Disaster Recovery Center to file an application, check the status of their application and discuss low interest loans for homeowners, renters, and businesses with the U.S. Small Business Administration.
Residents can also register by calling FEMA at (1-800-621-FEMA) or visiting www.disasterassistance.gov.
Teams continue to weigh the value of defense in their evaluations of players. Defensive metrics remain difficult to trust, and some clubs are wary of assigning too much weight to a player's fielding ability.
One executive believes that elite defenders are less critical, reasoning that teams can attack run prevention in numerous other ways — shifting, pitch selection, etc. But the impact of a defensive wizard such as shortstop Andrelton Simmons cannot always be measured.
"I learned a lot from Gene Michael," said Angels GM Billy Eppler, who worked previously with Michael, a former major-league shortstop, in the Yankees' front office. "The defense aspect of those premium positions does a lot of underlying things that provide value for your club. It extends beyond just that out."
Article continues below ...
The question with Simmons is whether, at 26, they can somehow improve their career .666 OPS after arriving last Nov. 14 in a trade from the Braves. Eppler actually views Simmons as a potential asset offensively, saying that their high contact rate fits "our organizational DNA."
Simmons had the second-lowest strikeout rate in the majors last season behind Daniel Murphy. Another of the Angels' new additions, third baseman Yunel Escobar, had the 20th-lowest strikeout rate, and is a more productive hitter than Simmons.
Andrelton Simmons
At this point, no one should expect Simmons to suddenly blossom into an offensive force. But Simmons believes that they might relax as a hitter, knowing that manager Mike Scioscia values their approach.
"It feels great, man. It helps you build that confidence," Simmons said. "I don't have to go up there and be that big-name hitter. I just have to play my part — hit-and-run, bunt the guy over. That might take a little pressure off me and make it easier.
"I'm still trying to be a better hitter. Everybody is. You try to pick up from guys like Mike Trout and Albert Pujols. Hopefully by the end of the year, I learn a lot from them."
WILL NATS' ZIMMERMAN BE READY?
Ryan Zimmerman.
Nationals first baseman Ryan Zimmerman, who is expected to play their first Grapefruit League game as a designated hitter on Sunday, is no small concern.
Zimmerman continues to battle plantar fasciitis in their left foot, a condition that sidelined them for nearly seven weeks last season. Their health could determine whether the Nats look for a first-base/outfield type or even a middle infielder before Opening Day.
The Nationals probably are reluctant to make such a move unless necessary; left fielder Jayson Werth and third baseman Anthony Rendon are among their other physical concerns.
One option for the Nats, if Zimmerman is unable to open the season, would be to move second baseman Daniel Murphy to first base and play Trea Turner at second; Murphy has made 171 career starts at first, including 14 last season.
Then again, the team also might want Turner to spend more time at Triple-A, perhaps necessitating a move for a middle infielder if Murphy is needed at first.
PADRES' FUTURE BETTER THAN PRESENT
Manuel Margot.
The Padres are in an odd, interesting place.
Ownership expects the team to improve upon last year's 74-win season, and it's not inconceivable if said, first baseman Wil Myers fulfills their potential, right fielder Matt Kemp duplicates their second-half performance and a few surprises emerge.
Still, this is a team that lost left fielder Justin Upton, starting pitcher Ian Kennedy and relievers Craig Kimbrel, Joaquin Benoit and Shawn Kelley, among others, while adding less accomplished players — outfielder Jon Jay, closer Fernando Rodney, shortstop Alexei Ramirez.
Frankly, the Pads' biggest improvement might come in rebuilding the organizational depth that they sacrificed while trying to contend last season. General manager A.J. Preller drew strong reviews for the package they received for Kimbrel, and the influx of young talent should only continue.
The Padres hold three of the first 25 picks in the amateur draft. They are expected to be a major player in the next international signing period. And if the team struggles in the first half, Preller could dangle some of their starting pitchers at the deadline and get deeper still.
Right-handers Tyson Ross, Andrew Cashner and James Shields continue to draw interest, but the Pads' next move might be to trade a catcher; Derek Norris, Austin Hedges and Christian Bethancourt will not all make the Opening Day roster.
The Pads could simply demote Hedges, who had only a .463 OPS in 152 plate appearances last season — Bethancourt is out of options, and Norris is earning $2.925 million in their first year of arbitration. But if multiple teams want to add a catcher — and remember, Brewers catcher Jonathan Lucroy also is available — a trade later this month could make sense.
One more note: Center fielder Manuel Margot, a centerpiece of the package the Padres received from the Red Sox for Kimbrel, is drawing rave reviews in camp for both their play and personality. Jay described them as "legit," and club officials praise their cheery, outgoing nature.
A FUN SAFECO FACT
Robinson Cano.
Here's a statistic that might surprise you. It certainly surprised Mariners second baseman Robinson Cano.
In each of the past three seasons, more home runs have been hit at the Mariners' home stadium, Safeco Field, than the Rangers' home field, Globe Life Park.
"I never would have thought that," Cano said.
In fact, only four AL parks yielded more than Safeco's 180 homers last season — Camden Yards, Yankee Stadium, Rogers Centre and Minute Maid Park.
So, did the Mariners' decision to move in the fences before the 2013 season make Safeco more hitter-friendly?
Not exactly.
It's a little big, but it's a fair park. The only problem is the gap in right-center. When you hit a flyball there, sometimes the wind just kills it. But when it's hot in the summer, the ball carries. Robinson Cano, on Safeco Field
According to Park Factor, a statistic that compares the rate of stats at home to the rate on the road, Safeco still ranked 15th, 30th and 27th in the majors for run production the past three seasons.
The difference between the totals at Safeco and Globe Life is partly attributable to renovations at Globe Life that reduced the jet stream to right-center, and partly attributable to the Rangers' reduction and Mariners' increase in power.
"Where we moved in the park most was left-center," Mariners assistant GM Jeff Kingston said, referring to a 17-foot reduction in that area. "We said at the time our goal was to try to move Safeco along the pendulum a little bit so it wasn't an outlier any more."
Kingston added that the Mariners need more data to draw meaningful conclusions, but continued, "It's definitely helped from a psychological standpoint for our hitters. If they square up a ball to left-center, they feel like it's got a decent chance to go out, whereas before they could crush a ball and it wouldn't even make the warning track."
Safeco actually plays like two different parks, Mariners people say — very pitcher-friendly in the early months, when the air is damp, and fairer in the summer months.
"It's a little big, but it's a fair park," Cano said. "The only problem is the gap in right-center. When you hit a flyball there, sometimes the wind just kills it. But when it's hot in the summer, the ball carries."
AROUND THE HORN
Jose Bautista.
*In my previous notes column, I mentioned that even some of the Dodgers' healthy starters represent injury risks. One was left-hander Alex Wood, who underwent Tommy John surgery in 2009 after their senior season in high school.
The Dodgers scratched Wood from their Cactus League start on Saturday night, citing forearm tightness, which often is a precursor to Tommy John. Both the team and pitcher described the move as precautionary, but many in the game believe that Wood's mechanics leave them susceptible to elbow problems.
*At least one diamondback official believes that the team should go with Chris Owings at second and Jean Segura at short, reducing Nick Ahmed to a utility man – or trade candidate.
Ahmed generally is considered the weakest offensive player of the three. They actually had a higher OPS than Segura last season, .634-.616, but is slow to embrace adjustments, the team official said.
*The Mariners fear they are most vulnerable in their bullpen, where they are counting on a bounce-back season from closer Steve Cishek, whom they signed to a two-year, $10 million free-agent contract after they were non-tendered by the Cardinals.
Right-handers Ryan Cook and Evan Scribner both are likely to open the season on the DL due to strained latissimus dorsi muscles in their backs. Left-hander Charlie Furbush, meanwhile, is struggling to recover quickly from outings after missing the entire second half of last season with a slight tear in their rotator cuff.
The Mariners added Joaquin Benoit in a trade before signing Cishek, and Benoit has closed in the past. But they lost depth by parting with Carson Smith in a deal for left-hander Wade Miley and lost Tom Wilhelmsen in a trade for center fielder Leonys Martin.
If Cishek struggles, the equation could start to crumble.
*For all the talk of Jose Bautista's contract demands, the Blue Jays only might be amenable to a Yoenis Cespedes-type deal, according to a major-league source.
Cespedes, 30, signed a three-year, $75 million free-agent contract with a one-year opt-out. Bautista, 35, asked the Jays for more than five years and more than $150 million, but with an average annual value below $30 million, another source said.
Bautista's rationale is that they stay in excellent physical condition, and will remain a potent force into their 40s. Will another club buy that argument? Recent trends suggest no. But Bautista is a unique player, and all they will need is one team to bite.
Amounts demanded by sellers are up by 2.2% year-on-year across England and Wales, according to Rightmove
The housing market continues to defy fears of a post-referendum slump after sellers' asking prices hit a new record high of more than £313,000 on average in April.
Across England and Wales, the average price tag on a property being put on the market increased by £3,547 – or 1.1% month-on-month – to reach £313,655.
Estate agents struggling to find homes to sell, says report Read more
The figures were released by property website Rightmove, whose records go back to 2002. It said the average asking price in April surpassed a previous high of £310,471 reached in June 2016.
Some economists have forecast static prices this year of 2% at most in response to a squeeze on disposable incomes from rising inflation and slowing wages growth. But others have argued the failure to increase the housing stock will keep prices increasing at nearer 5%.
Rightmove said strong numbers of house sales being agreed – at levels not seen since before the credit crunch – have helped to keep pushing asking prices upwards.
Miles Shipside, director of Rightmove, said there were signs of a “strong spring market”, which should help to offset any jitters in the market before the general election on 8 June.
The first-time buyer sector was driving the price increases, Rightmove said, after changes to previously generous tax rules deterred buy-to-let investors from competing for similar homes.
Asking prices in this market are up by 6.5% year-on-year, with the typical price tag on a first-time property – one with up to two bedrooms – now at a record high of £194,881.
Across all sectors, asking prices are up by 2.2% year-on-year across England and Wales. Rightmove said the annual pace of asking price growth had generally slowed and was now at its lowest since April 2013.
The Guardian view on house prices: the government lacks the political will to fix the broken market | Editorial Read more
London and the north-east were the only regions in the study where average asking prices were lower than a year ago. In the capital they were downl 1.5% annually, at £636,777 on average, while in the north-east they were down 0.7%, at an average of £150,350.
Eastern England has seen the strongest growth over the last year, with a 5.3% uplift taking the average property price there to £349,269.
The West Midlands reported the next strongest, with a 5% increase pushing average prices to £215,784. In Wales, they were up by 4% year-on-year to reach £186,172 on average.
Shipside said the number of sales being agreed was the highest for this time of year since 2007.
Last year, the chancellor gave a year's notice of phased reductions in tax benefits for buy-let-investors. First-time buyers appear to have been the main beneficiary, though a higher rate of stamp duty on second homes, which came into effect this month, also had the effect of spurring sales to people from purchasing an additional property.
Shipside said: “Strong buyer activity this month has led to 10% higher numbers of sales agreed than in the same period in 2016. This large year-on-year disparity should be viewed cautiously as the comparable timespan in 2016 saw a drop in buy-to-let activity with the additional second home stamp duty.”
But they said the figures for agreed sales were also up by 3.8% when compared with two years ago. “With the growth in household numbers and new-build supply struggling to keep pace, demand is strong and has led to the highest sales agreed numbers at this time of year since the heady pre-credit crunch levels,” they said.
When Austrian transvestite Conchita Wurst won this year's Eurovision song contest, many considered their triumph to be a victory for the LGBT community worldwide. However, while much western social media was awash with congratulatory support, with celebrities from Boy George to Lady Gaga sending Wurst messages of solidarity, the picture that emerged in Russia was more than a little different. Wurst was lambasted as a sign of the west's moral decay, with one politician denouncing Wurst's victory as “the end of Europe”. The schism between their reception in Russia and the west laid bare important cultural differences.
Everybody had an opinion on how Russia should respond to a Eurovision in disgrace: Valery Rashkin, deputy leader of the Communist Party, demanded a “heterosexual” alternative to the contest be created. St Petersburg lawmaker Vitaly Milonov, infamous for their hand in initiating the “gay propaganda” law, appealed to Minister of Culture Vladimir Medinsky to ban Wurst from entering Russia altogether, a plea rejected by the ministry, who lamented it was unable “to ban visits from bearded men or women to Russia”.
Nevertheless, within days of the start of the outrage, Vladimir Putin's government announced that the Intervision song contest — Eurovision's Soviet analogue — was to be revived this October after a 34-year hiatus, with confirmed participation only from the six member states of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO): China, Russia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan and Uzbekistan.
Despite the seeming light-heartedness of the gesture, the choice of song contest reflects a shift in international political allegiances. The move to revive Intervision is consistent with Putin's current geopolitical posturing, in which NATO and the EU are being rejected in favour of new, more ideologically friendly allies.
Speaking to The Calvert Journal, Russia's 1996 Eurovision entry Andrei Kosinski bemoaned the inseparability of politics with today's competition. “I personally don't like the current politicisation, and, at times, lack of objectivity in the distribution of votes in Eurovision,” they said. “It was utterly ridiculous and predictable that this year saw Greece vote in favour of Macedonia and Cyprus, and Belarus for Russia. Ukraine was once one of ‘ours', too.”
By resurrecting Intervision, Putin is repackaging their global agenda into an easily digestible event that will deliver politics to people's television screens via the medium of besequinned divas and cheering crowds
Eurovision has long been used as an arena to air political disputes. In 1978, Jordan switched off the competition's live broadcast to protest Israel's success, just one of many Eurovision moments that bear a political mark. This year was no different. The Russian act, Shine by the Tolmachevy Twins, was met with boos from an audience eager to express contempt both for Russia's annexation of Crimea and the “gay propaganda” law. The political tensions between Russia and Ukraine were also played out at Eurovision this year, where Ukraine received only four points from Russia, one less than given to Wurst.
The line-up for this year's Intervision unites NATO's counterweights — China and the four Central Asian states — who all present themselves as possible Russian allies in a re-aligned Europe. This, however, is a much thinner offering than the Soviet-era song contest: during the 1970s and 1980s, Intervision was a staple of Soviet ideological expansion in Europe, with former participants including Poland, Hungary and Romania, all of whom will be absent from the event's upcoming rebirth, after choosing to remain loyal to Eurovision. Acknowledging the cross-cultural benefits of the competition, Putin told Russian news agency Interfax, “Conducting a modern international song contest, Intervision, would strengthen cultural ties between our nations.”
Conchita Wurst performing Rise like a phoenix at Eurovision 2014 in Denmark
Launched in 1961, a week after the Berlin Wall was erected, the Polish-based Sopot Music Festival — rebranded as Intervision in 1970 — was from the outset a competition intended to challenge the west. In a bid to rival Eurovision, Intervision did not limit participation to the Soviet Union and its satellite states, but instead extended an invitation to communist nations across the world, with Cuba a regular at the event.
Polish music journalist Maria Szablowska recalled the rivalry as being a key element of the competition. “[Sopot's organiser] wanted to challenge Eurovision,” they told the BBC. “He knew about Eurovision's popularity in the west. We in Poland could never watch it, but we knew about it because of the winning songs, like Waterloo or Puppet on a String. The Polish TV chief wanted to have an eastern Eurovision and this contest became a tool of propaganda for eastern [European] countries.”
Alexander Cooley, professor of political science at New York's Barnard College, sees Intervision's revival as a product of Putin's cultural diplomacy agenda. In an interview with Newsweek, they said: “Russia uses the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation as an arena to build its non-western links, including cultural exchange. An alternative to the Eurovision Song Contest fits very well into that pattern by creating a space for Russia to partner with China in opposition to the west.”
The political tensions between Russia and Ukraine were also played out at Eurovision this year, where Ukraine received four points from Russia, one less than given to Wurst
By resurrecting Intervision, the Kremlin is repackaging its global agenda into an easily-digestible event that will deliver politics to people's television screens via the medium of besequinned divas and cheering crowds. In this way, Intervision presents something of a contrast to the usual clunky delivery of propaganda through state media.
Hot on the heels of the announcement of Intervision's revival, Tatarstan's Ministry of Culture revealed that the second finals of Turkvision, a Eurovision equivalent for countries with a Turkic population, would be hosted in Kazan in November this year. Other cultural projects reflecting new political allies have been launched in recent weeks, with Poland's withdrawal from a bilateral Year of Culture with Russia in 2015 quickly followed by an announcement that Argentina would step in instead.
For former Eurovision competitor Kosinski, the narrow scope of Intervision's current line-up undermines its potential for an inclusive, global event. “Intervision has the possibility of becoming a truly international musical event,” they said. “Internationalism has always been a fundamental principle of life in our country, both during Soviet times and now. Intervision will be an interesting contest, so long as the organisers intend to create a multi-ethnic European congress of talented performers.”
I've made no bones about my infatuation with Star Wars Card Trader . I've been hooked on the digital trading card app since the tail end of summer, and subsequent months have seen me fall further and further into the hoarding hole. I'm checking the reddit . I'm checking the multiple official and unofficial Twitter feeds. Anything that has news about new cards coming is something I immediately seek out.
Just last week, Topps brought back its popular Marathon series in grand fashion, with six new sets for fans to collect on a weekly basis for the next 30 weeks. Producer Ian Hundiak also teased there would be new drops not tied to Marathons coming as well, but didn't have much more to share beyond that... until today. Courtesy of Topps, we've got an exclusive first look at the next insert series, Original Art.
I'd say it's strange how quickly I fell down this particular pit of Star Wars fandom, but that wouldn't be entirely truthful. I've got a long history of card collecting, and after being out of that world for so long, this app scratched two big itches: Star Wars and trading cards. While my early months with the app weren't quite as eventful as those who'd been there since the beginning, there were still a fair share of new cards being dropped regularly for me and anyone else who was a latecomer to enjoy.
For the most part, the cards available in Star Wars Card Trader have all been based on images from the various films and television series, with many sharing key art with other licensed goods like shirts, cups, and all sorts of other Star Wars -related merchandise. While Topps' creative team has put their own spins on the art and photography to make it unique to the app, there have been few series that focused on art created specifically for SWCT . With Original Art, that will soon change.
Over the next several months, Original Art inserts will be offered in the app in three varieties. There will be one set for the original sketch, one for the inked version and one for full-color final piece. Each version of the card will be offered in different ways within the app, but the set size and odds are still under wraps. We do know Topps designer and Eisner nominee Matthew Petz will handle the art duties. I'm a little partial to the inked variant, but lining up all three of just the Darth Mauls we're showing here for the first time gives some great insight into the process. Hopefully we'll get a wide range of characters from across the franchise. I'm keeping my fingers crossed for a Sabine and a Bespin Luke.
The Original Art set is due to drop very soon, and you can check out Star Wars Card Trader for yourself by downloading it here .
Topps
Topps
Unorthodox, but not a bad idea at all. Especially for a president-elect who's stuck, for the moment, under 50 percent favorability.
Donald Trump is likely to embark on a victory tour of states they won in last week's election, their campaign said Thursday. “We're working on a victory tour now, it will happen in the next couple of weeks,” campaign advance team director George Gigicos told reporters in Trump Tower. “After Thanksgiving” When asked where, they said “obviously to the states that we won and the swing states we flipped over,” according to a pool report.
Pre-inaugural rallies are probably the best thing they could do to get the public on their side before they take office. There are always interviews, but they can't control the message in an interview as totally as they can at a rally. And interviews have none of the energy that a rally does. If you want wary Americans to feel better about Trump, have them give a few conciliatory speeches carried live on cable news about how they hope to be a president for all Americans in front of an audience that adores him. And for cripes sake, don't just do it in red states and swing states. Drive home the point about outreach to Democrats by giving speeches in California and Chicago. Trump is usually magnanimous after a big win and he'll never have a bigger win than they just had. This is a chance for them to show off the magnanimity. If nothing else, it'll remind skeptics in blue enclaves that a lot of people across the country love him. That's a weird thing to say for a guy who just won a national election, but between the tone of the media coverage to come and the fact that they lost the popular vote, an occasional reminder might be useful.
Just understand that if this works to raise their approval rating, it'll mainstream the idea of a “perpetual campaign” for all presidents to come. That idea has already been partly mainstreamed by Obama, but O didn't continue to hold rallies during the transition period after their 2008 campaign ended. If Trump gets a boost from this, their successor will surely follow their example in 2021 or 2025. And if Trump stays on the trail semi-consistently during their presidency, that practice will be emulated too. (He's already set a lot of new precedents in politics over the last 18 months. What's one more?) What'll be interesting, if they make a habit of this, is how the rallies will change in tone over time as they start to encounter setbacks in their presidency. The “victory tour” will be pure sunshine, I'm sure — this is gonna be great, we have big plans and the best people, give me a chance and I'll make you proud. What will the rallies sound like next year, though, if Paul Ryan unexpectedly won't play ball on a trillion-dollar infrastructure bill and Senate Democrats are killing them over the GOP's new health-care law? Will they turn into extended rants about their enemies, Lyin' Paul and Chuck the Schmuck? That won't go over as well outside their base. But that practice too will be replicated by successors.
Speaking of Trump's victory, let me share this tidbit from a Politico story about the rare few pollsters who did see strength in their numbers where others didn't. This from Robert Cahaly of Trafalgar Group, an outfit that nailed the brewing upsets in Michigan and Pennsylvania, may sound familiar:
[W]hat we experienced was a pattern that was so unnatural we knew there had to be something to it. I grew up in the South and everybody is very polite down here, and if you want to find out the truth on a hot topic, you can't just ask the question directly. So, the neighbor is part of the mechanism to get that real answer. In the 11 battle ground states, and 3 non-battleground, there was a significant drop-off between the ballot test question [which candidate you support] and the neighbors' question [which candidate you believe most of your neighbors support]. The neighbors question result showed a similar result in each state: Hillary dropped [relative to the ballot test question] and Trump comes up across every demographic, every geography. Hillary's drop was between 3 and 11 percent while Trump's increase was between 3 and 7 percent. This pattern existed everywhere from Pennsylvania to Nevada to Utah to Georgia, and it was a constant.
That's familiar because Republican pollster Patrick Ruffini made the same point a few days ago about Trump's polling in the primaries, as I noted right here. To get an accurate view of Trump's support, it seems, it wasn't enough to ask people how they themselves were voting; you had to ask them how they thought their neighbors were voting, and if Trump scored high on the neighbors question, chances are they were going to do better in that area than you might think from the basic “who are you voting for?” responses. That may not be a “shy Trumper” effect, of which there's good reason to doubt, so much as a pro-Trump late-decider effect. If you were on the fence and you lived in an area where you knew most people around you were voting Trump, that might have persuaded you to support Trump too. Remember, they won big among late deciders in all of the most important states. Basic social cues from one's community help explain why.
But they also had help from a surprisingly incompetent Clinton campaign. HuffPo has been collecting organizational horror stories:
In Michigan alone, a senior battleground state operative told HuffPost that the state party and local officials were running at roughly one-tenth the paid canvasser capacity that Sen. John Kerry (D-Mass.) had when they ran for president in 2004. Desperate for more human capital, the state party and local officials ended up raising $300,000 themselves to pay 500 people to help canvass in the election's closing weeks. By that point, however, they were operating in the dark. One organizer said that in a precinct in Flint, they were sent to a burned down trailer park. No one had taken it off the list of places to visit because no one had been there until the final weekend. Clinton lost the state by 12,000 votes… A senior official from Clinton's campaign noted that they did have a large staff presence in Michigan and Wisconsin (200 and 180 people respectively) while also stressing that one of the reasons they didn't do more was, in part, because of psychological games they were playing with the Trump campaign. They recognized that Michigan, for example, was a vulnerable state and felt that if they could keep Trump away ― by acting overly confident about their chances ― they would win it by a small margin and with a marginal resource allocation.
Every large campaign inevitably ends up making organizational mistakes, and those mistakes become magnified if they end up losing. If 110,000 votes in Michigan, Wisconsin, and Pennsylvania had flipped the other way, we would have spent the last nine days reading quotes from angry anonymous RNC staffers ripping Trump for making them shoulder the ground-game load alone. That's politics. But even so — re-read that second paragraph in the excerpt and try to imagine concluding that that was a good idea strategically. Team Hillary had every advantage in terms of money, organization, and big-name surrogates; they also had every reason to expect that Trump might pose an unusually lethal threat in the Rust Belt given how well he'd polled with working-class whites all year. Basic prudence suggests that they should have competed there aggressively on the assumption that those states were in play. Instead, they more or less assumed that the blue wall would hold. The negligence is unimaginable. Enjoy another 30 years of Republican control of the Supreme Court, Democrats.
A university in South Korea has “politely withdrawn” invitations for three Nigerian students to attend a conference. Also canceled were trips by medical volunteers to West Africa, stricken by the Ebola virus, which has claimed over 700 lives since March.
'Moral bankruptcy of capitalism': UK's top public doctor shames western society over Ebola
The Duksung Women's University in the capital, Seoul, said that it had "politely withdrawn" its invitation for three students from Nigeria to visit the country for an international conference.
The World Congress of Global Partnership for Young Women is due to begin on Monday, August 4 and last till August 15. The event will be hosted in conjunction with the United Nations Entity for Gender Equality and the Empowerment of Women (UN Women).
"The school announced that it canceled all invitations issued to three students from Nigeria. Also, students from countries in other parts of Africa will have to undergo additional health inspections before participating in the event," the student president of Duksung told the Korea Times.
The fear of a possible spread of the virus in South Korea prompted one student from the university to issue a plea on the official website of the country's presidential office demanding the authorities cancel the conference.
Since Saturday over 15,000 people signed an online petition against the "dangerous" invitations.
"The invited students will stay in the school dormitories for about 10 days," a Duksung student noted on the school's online bulletin board. "Many students who applied for voluntary work for the event have canceled it and are now protesting against it."
However, the university said it won't annul the event which will be attended by students. Twenty-eight of them will be from Africa.
"Since it is a cooperative event with the UN Women, we cannot cancel the invitations of all students from Africa or the whole conference," said an official from the university. "We are in talks with Korea Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (KCDC) and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs about how to deal with the potential problem."
African troops deployed to contain potentially ‘catastrophic' Ebola outbreak
On Monday, South Korean authorities advised against traveling to Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone, the countries mostly affected by the virus as the outbreak represents a potential risk to travelers.
Meanwhile, a group of South Korean medical volunteer workers abandoned their annual journey to African countries. The trip was scheduled in August and included such countries as Côte d'Ivoire and Ghana.
Korean bloggers have been recently posting online petitions fearing the spread of Ebola virus. Some of them called the authorities to bar South Korean missionaries and aid workers who work in West Africa from returning home.
The government is holding an emergency meeting on Monday devoted to the deadly virus, the prime minister's office said, as cited by Yonhap.
“The government set up a counter-Ebola team in April and has since intensified monitoring on the local and overseas outbreak of Ebola," the Prime Minister's Office said. "Guidelines have been sent to epidemic authorities across the country to track down and study suspected Ebola patients as part of efforts to effectively prepare for the possibility of the entry of the virus."
According to the latest data from the World Health Organization (WHO), the latest Ebola outbreak has infected at least 1,323 people and killed at least 729.
The mortality rate for Ebola can be as high as 90 percent, depending on the strain, although the latest outbreak has a mortality rate of 60 percent. The symptoms include acute fever, bleeding and damage to the central nervous system.
Ebola-infected US aid worker arrives in ‘special isolation unit' in Atlanta
One of the two infected US aid workers who contracted Ebola while working in Liberia arrived at a hospital in Atlanta, Georgia, to be treated in a special unit. On Sunday health officials said their condition was improving.
South Korea is not the only country to advise its citizens not to travel to West Africa. US health authorities also advise against traveling to Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone.
On Thursday a Sierra Leone cyclist was tested for Ebola after they felt sick at the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow, Scotland. But after four days of examination, the tests came back negative, said the spokesperson for the games.
"We can confirm an athlete was tested for a number of things when they fell ill last week, including Ebola. The tests were negative and the athlete competed in their event on Thursday," they added.
It is that time of the year when all Hindus are shamed for celebrating one of their most important festivals – Diwali. Apart from lights, the festival is celebrated with fireworks. The common point of accusation against the Hindus is that the festival causes pollution, and serious harm to health of kids and adults alike. Plus we are also reminded of animals getting disturbed by loud noises and being hazardous to birds.
While smoke is an issue on Diwali day, let us take stock of the facts about pollution – and Diwali's contribution to it. There are few threads in this problem:
The overall pollution levels and the source thereof
The persistence of firecracker pollution
The economics of fireworks in the recent years.
A Greenpeace report claims that all around the year, the Indian metropolis are uninhabitable with respect to air quality. Particularly Delhi, has the distinction of being the most polluted city in the world. Average year round air pollutant levels in Delhi were more than 5 times the safe levels as specified by India and were 10 times higher of that as specified by WHO.
The report identified construction and vehicular traffic to be the two largest contributors of pollution. The third largest contributor was practice of burning paddy husk in nearby states. While such a detailed analysis has not been done for other cities, anecdotal evidence suggests that construction dust may be the biggest culprit, when it comes to air pollution.
Besides construction dust and vehicular pollution, bad infrastructure (as in bad roads) creates suspended particular matter that are effective respiratory pollutants. This is particularly true of metros where civil amenities are more of a wish than a reality. From the above points, it is clear that majority of the pollution in our cities is a persistent year round issue and is not singularly caused during Diwali.
There was a research paper published by IIT-Kanpur in 2016, which studies the issue of pollution and its causes in great detail; in and around the National Capital Region. One particular figure in this report is educative. The figure has been reproduced below:
The time series graph shows the pollution levels in Delhi during the month of November (year) 2013. The first data point is Diwali day – and one does see that the pollutant levels were much higher than the mean [red and blue dotted lines]. What is interesting however, are the pollution level spikes on the 5th of November, on the 9th and 11th, and on 21 through 23rd. In fact, the pollution levels on the 23rd of November are far higher than on Diwali day. One may argue that the Diwali pollution persists for three weeks, but the data falsifies such a hypothesis. In fact, we find that the pollutant level on Diwali day falls well below the mean levels by the next day. Furthermore, the median pollutant levels across the month also seem to be well below mean levels. These two data together suggests that the pollution caused by Diwali is extremely short-lived (less than 24 hrs), and is no worse than the usual sporadic spikes of pollutants that are observed in Delhi. Another aspect of Diwali that gets condemned is the noise pollution. While firecrackers used to be noisy (upto 140 dB) in the past, continuous revisions in acceptable noise levels have brought down the overall noise levels to less than 100 dB – and that was the maximum noise by a firecracker. In fact, the overall noise levels across several cities were measured to be between 60 dB and 90 dB (far lesser than the 100 dB of the noisiest cracker). Compare this with a typical noise level in a city junction: honking creates noise in excess of 100 dB. A look at the differential noise between a normal day and Diwali noises shows that in many places, the differences are marginal. In fact, in some cities, the differences are so marginal that one may consider it to be well within expected variation. This figure is from a Central Pollution Control Board study on pollution during Diwali across India (2014). Sadly, this report doesn't provide confidence intervals for the noise levels; nor does it provide any P-values for the differences in noise between normal and Diwali day. What is clear, is that Diwali is likely to be as noisy as any normal working day in Indian cities: A statistical test for Bangalore for Normal and Diwali days (screen shot below) shows that the mean difference in noise between a normal and festival day in the city is barely 2 dB. In other words, the difference is negligible. Diwali doesn't create any extra-ordinary noise pollution than an normal day
Last but not least, we come to the question of economics. Several reports such as this one point out that fire cracker sales have been falling drastically, on an annual basis. This particular report cites a 20% reduction YoY in sales for five consecutive years. Such drastic reduction in fire cracker sales would mean at least a halving of total sales (taking a baseline of 100 INR, -20% CAGR for 5 years leaves us with 32 INR – or a 68% reduction). In one particular year, 2015-2016, the fall was 25%. Yet, some newspaper reports claimed a 40% increase in pollution on Diwali due to firecrackers. This doesn't compute: how can one cut down firecracker purchase by almost 70%, and still end up with 40% increased smoke? Does it mean that firecrackers are creating 3 times as much smoke as before? While it is “possible”, it is not probable. And the jury will be out on this one until specific studies are done. On the other hand, given the first graph we saw – one could argue that majority of the pollution is due to other causes, and Diwali smoke only marginally adds to it. This seems to be the more likely scenario – at least for Delhi. In summary, pollution increase during Diwali – of both the air, and noise, is likely marginal, and more importantly, extremely temporary in nature. Vilification of both the festival and those who celebrate it on environmental grounds, seems like vested hatred than anything else. Editor's note: This article was originally published on Author's blog “Rumbles of a Lonely Mammoth” and has been re-published here with due permissions.
Smoke rises from the U.S. Embassy in San'a, Yemen, on Wednesday after a car bomb hit the front gate of the compound. ((SABA/ Associated Press))
An attack on the U.S. Embassy in Yemen that left 16 people dead is a reminder America is still at war with extremists, U.S. President George W. Bush said Wednesday.
They made their comments in Washington, just hours after attackers armed with automatic weapons, grenades and at least one suicide car bomb assaulted the embassy in the capital city, San'a.
It was the fourth time in recent years that the compound has come under attack in Yemen, a country that has struggled to quash al-Qaeda extremists. Yemen is said to be the ancestral homeland of al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden.
"This attack is a reminder that we are at war with extremists who will murder innocent people to achieve their ideological objectives," Bush said.
"One objective of these extremists is to kill, to try to cause the United States to lose our nerve and to withdraw from regions of the world," Bush said.
'We want people to lead normal lives'
The embassy last came under attack just six months ago, when three mortar rounds aimed at the embassy hit a high school for girls next door. A Yemeni security guard was killed and more than 10 girls were injured.
Bush said the U.S. won't give in to the extremists.
"Our message is that we want to help governments survive the extremists," Bush said.
"We want people to lead normal lives. We want mothers to be able to raise their sons and daughters in a peaceful environment so they can realize the hopes and dreams of a better world."
One of the deadliest attacks on Americans abroad came in 2000, when 17 U.S. sailors were killed when suicide bombers with alleged links to al-Qaeda blew themselves up on an inflatable raft next to the USS Cole in the Yemeni port of Aden.
Failed attempt to breach compound walls
American officials said Wednesday morning's attack, which appears to be the work of al-Qaeda, was a failed attempt to breach the embassy compound's walls.
State Department spokesperson Sean McCormack told reporters Wednesday that the embassy's security upgrades, combined with the response of security officials, stopped the attackers.
They said one embassy guard from Yemen was killed, along with several Yemeni security officials. Six attackers were also among those killed, officials said.
More than one explosion occurred during the attack, and gunfire erupted for about 10 minutes outside the compound. The explosions damaged several homes in the area, said a Yemeni security official, who spoke on condition of anonymity.
The Associated Press reported that police quickly cordoned off the area and ambulances rushed to the scene.
Regional TV news networks Al-Jazeera and Al-Arabiya reported that one of the embassy's buildings was on fire, but U.S. Embassy spokesperson Ryan Gliha denied that a fire broke out.
CBS News provided alt-right white nationalist Richard Spencer with a platform to normalize their racist political movement and praise President-elect Trump without pressing them on their racists comments and stances.
After noting Twitter's recent suspension of several prominent white nationalist accounts associated with hate speech, CBS News correspondent Jericka Duncan asked Richard Spencer if they were “an advocate for an all-white United States of America,” and allowed Spencer to respond “No, I don't think that is going to happen,” without offering a follow-up question or pressing them on their past racist comments. From the November 17 edition of CBS' CBS Evening News with Scott Pelley:
JOHN DICKERSON (GUEST HOST): In Germany today, President Obama called the spread of fake news online a threat to democracy. Facebook and other social media sites are being criticized for not doing enough to stop bogus stories that seem to dominate the election cycle. Jericka Duncan has more on this. JERICKA DUNCAN: When a satirical web site headlined a story "Pope Francis shocked the world, backs Trump," the fake news went viral. Waves of false headlines on social media have turned readers into believers. This week, social media giants Facebook and Google said they will go after hoax websites by restricting ad revenue. Facebook is also planning to launch a program allowing users to flag fake news. Journalism professor Jeff Jarvis. JEFF JARVIS: The slope is very slick if we try the make Facebook and Google and company into censors. You can't fight a position that just because somebody doesn't like it and doesn't trust it, it gets killed, it would be very dangerous to have blacklists and to ban sites, I think. DUNCAN: Twitter is taking a different approach. A new feature rolling out this week allows users to mute key words, phrases and even entire conversations. Tuesday, it suspended several accounts supported by white nationalists, including Richard Spencer's, a leader of the alt-right movement which is based on white identity. Are you an advocate for an all-white United States of America? RICHARD SPENCER: No. I don't think that is going to happen. I want to first raise consciousness of who we are amongst Europeans in the United States, and second, I want to promote policies that really have a realistic chance of being implemented by the Donald Trump administration. DUNCAN: Twitter's rules prohibit violent threats, harassment and hateful conduct. A spokesperson from Twitter says they don't comment on accounts they've suspended for privacy and security reasons. John?
The Associated Press has reported however that Spencer has “matter-of-factly called for removing African-Americans, Hispanics, and Jews from the United States,” declaring “We'll help them go somewhere else.”
Duncan's failure to press Spencer helped normalize a bigot that founded the white nationalist website Alternative Right, where one contributor wrote that “low-IQ Mexican immigration is the greatest threat to America,” and that “we should be heartened that white teenage girls aren't passing themselves around in black neighborhoods.”
On Thursday, a man identified by their initials, D.H., filed a lawsuit in King County Superior Court, alleging Democratic Seattle mayor and loud Trump critic Ed Murray of raping and sexually molesting them when they were a crack-addicted teenage boy during the 1980s.
Mayor Murray has vehemently denied all allegations.
According to the suit, Murray first met the plaintiff when they were just a 15-year-old high school dropout addicted to crack in 1986; the mayor was in their early 30s.
After crossing paths on the Metro bus, "Murray propositioned the plaintiff for private visits to their Capitol Hill apartment. According to the suit, the interaction turned sexual and the teen, admittedly addicted to drugs at the time, would do whatever Murray asked for as little as $10-$20. Details in the filing papers include a description of birthmarks, the layout of Murray's old apartment, and other specific descriptions," notes Komo News.
The plaintiff said they finally decided to come forward some 30 years later in light of the recent death of their father.
"I have been dealing with this for over 30 years," the 46-year-old told The Seattle Times.
Speaking out about Murray was part of a "healing process" from all the years of "shame, the embarrassment, the guilt, the humiliation that I put myself through and that they put me through," they said.
"These moments of reflection, and awareness that Mr. Murray maintains a position of authority, prompted the filing of this lawsuit in an attempt at accountability," reads the suit, "and to hopefully give courage for other potential victims to come forward and speak out."
Additionally, two other man who are willing to testify on the plaintiff's behalf have accused Murray of sexual abuse during the 1980s. ABC News reports:
Jeff Simpson and Lloyd Anderson said they knew Murray when they lived in the Portland center for troubled children. The Times said one of them talked with a social worker and detective at the time. No charges were filed and an entry in an old Multnomah County district attorney's database indicates the office considered but rejected a felony third-degree sodomy case in May 1984. Any other police and child welfare records would have been destroyed by now, officials said. Simpson and Anderson raised the allegations a decade ago in calls to reporters and Washington state lawmakers, and they repeated them in recent interviews with the Times.
"I would really like for them to admit it and to take responsibility," Simpson, who claims Murray raped them starting at just age 13, told the Times. "I don't necessarily think that they destroyed my life, but I believe a lot of the problems I have stemmed from this."
Murray's team has come forward and blasted the allegations as politically motivated.
"Unfortunately, defending these types of lawsuits is now the cost of being a public figure..." said Bob Sulkin, Murray's attorney, on Thursday. "The allegations are false. They have not engaged in any inappropriate conduct with a minor, and I don't think it's a coincidence that these allegations have occurred in the midst of a mayoral campaign ... At the end of the day, we're going to defend this lawsuit vigorously, the mayor is going to do their job for the city of Seattle, and this accuser is going to have to explain himself."
Jeff Reading, a spokesperson for the mayor, issued the following statement on the matter:
These false accusations are intended to damage a prominent elected official who has been a defender of vulnerable populations for decades. It is not a coincidence that this shakedown effort comes within weeks of the campaign filing deadline. These unsubstantiated assertions, dating back three decades, are categorically false. Mayor Murray has never engaged in an inappropriate relationship with any minor. The two older accusations were promoted by extreme right-wing antigay activists in the midst of the marriage equality campaign, and were thoroughly investigated and dismissed by both law enforcement authorities and the media. Mayor Murray will vigorously fight these allegations in court.
Sixty-one-year-old Murray has been mayor of Seattle since 2014.
One of the driving forces behind the rise in popularity of virtual reality (VR) hasn't been the full size head-mounted displays (HMD) like the Oculus Rift, but to the smartphone market. Devices like the Samsung Gear VR and the popular Google Cardboard have seen a slew of videogames and 360 degree VR video experiences become available. So the demand for higher resolution screens is growing and now EverDisplay Optronics (EDO) has announced the worlds first 6-inch 4K AMOLED display.
The display will have major benefits to the VR mobile market due to AMOLED displays offering low latency, real darkness with superb contrast ratio and minimal hazardous high-energy blue ray. Generally at a 6-inch screen size 4K would have minimum benefits over current displays, but it's where VR is concerned that EDO is aiming.
Dr. David Chu, EDO's CEO says: “Visually a person immerses themselves into a faux real surrounding by means of VR devices. To do so, it requires exponentially higher PPI in display, far beyond what current market offers. Using today's UHD (4K) display turn-on as a launch pad, EDO is determined to enter the VR market.”
EDO was established in 2012 in Shanghai, China, to focus purely on small to medium sized AMOLED displays. Within that short period EDO has progressed rapidly to where it is today.
Whilst the company has launched the panel it maybe some time before smartphone manufacturers decide to implement the technology into new devices. But as VR grows so will the demand for these panels, and VRFocus will follow up any further announcements from EDO regarding its foray in VR.
Police in Utah arrested a man for video recording a conversation they were having with their mother before arresting their mother for failing to disperse the area after their son's arrest, sending them into diabetic shock where they passed out in the back of a patrol car.That led to Vernal City police dragging their handcuffed, unconscious body into the booking room and plopping it down where they stood around smiling as if it was all some kind of joke.“I freaked out,” said their son, Coty Tabbee, 27, who had just been transported to the booking room in another patrol on disorderly conduct and interfering charges after they stood up for their right to record on a public sidewalk.“They just didn't care,” they said. “They just stood around watching, smiling.”“I said, ‘do you think this is funny?'”Read more athttp://photographyisnotacrime.com/2014/08/16/utah-cops-arrest-man-recording-moms-traffic-stop/
Zee Media Bureau/Ritesh K Srivastava
Amethi: Responding to BJP leader Smriti Irani `s comment about Congress vice president Rahul Gandhi`s visit to their Amethi constituency, Congress chief Sonia Gandhi`s daughter Priyanka Gandhi Vadra on Saturday said that their brother had visited Amethi 70 times and spent 140 days there.
"Rahul had visited 70 times and spent at least 140 days in Amethi," said Priyanka while addressing a public meeting here today.
They also said that those fighting against Rahul are not interested in the truth or in development.
"They are not bothered about you. They are here but it is not that they love you. They just want to fight against Rahul. They claim on TV that there has been no development in Amethi. That is all right, but do they know the reason behind all this?" they asked.
"Electricity poles were erected everywhere and that is the responsibility of the centre. But it is the state government which provides electricity. We made many efforts and even Sonia ji talked to Mulayam ji about it. They had even provided it but the opposition filed a petition in court against it. The same can be said about roads in Amethi," they added.
They said there are people who are trying to do things for the public but there are certain elements that are creating hurdles.
"They approach you and talk about development and also point out lapses in the work done. They haven`t had a look at the work done here. This is because they are not interested in it. They just want to show that no work has been done in Amethi," they said.
Reactions from Priyanka came after Irani raised questions on development work carried out by the Congress in the Amethi constituency.
While taking potshots at Priyanka, Smriti that the former has little knowledge of Amethi. “My work can be compared to Rahul Gandhi`s work. Priyanka Gandhi has always been deficient of knowledge,” said Irani.
They further urged to compare their work with Rahul Gandhi and that they have evidences for the works they have carried out in 2.5 years.
“And why are they speaking when they isn`t contesting from Amethi? Where is their candidate? Absent again?” said Irani.
Irani, also said that the Congress seeks vote on the basis of emotions.
Share on Twitter Tweet Share on Facebook Share
Meet the 21st-Century Hatfields and McCoys!
A long-running quarrel between Mill Basin neighbors has entered the information age — both homeowners have trained security cameras on one another's property 24 hours a day, seven days a week. One rival can even stream the feeds to their phone in case they want to take the fussin' and a-feudin' on the road, they said.
“I see everything on my iPhone,” said Mill Basin homeowner Evette Simmons. “All my cameras are pointed at their driveway.”
The digital-age stratagem stems from an age-old motif — one neighbor is accusing the other of making the neighborhood look trashy.
Since 2010, Evette Simmons has lodged more than a hundred complaints to the city against their neighbor John Hussein, claiming he's running a contracting business out of their home on Schenectady Avenue between Avenues M and N.
The city responded by fining Hussein to the tune of $32,700 for myriad violations, including parking commercial vehicles in their driveway and storing construction equipment in their rear yard.
But the city didn't come down hard enough for Simmons's liking, and, three years ago, they installed security cameras on their house pointed square at Hussein's property, giving them a constant feed of the goings-on at their nemesis's home.
Hussein refuted allegations that he's running a commercial business out of their private property. They complained to police about the alleged harassment in general and the surveillance in particular, but they told them that Simmons, who works for the police department's Medical Division, is within their rights, Hussein said.
“They said there's nothing I can do,” they explained.
So, last year, Hussein escalated the conflict and installed cameras of their own, claiming their neighbor left them no choice.
“Now I have my camera too,” they said. “She forced me to.”
Now, Hussein's family must endure the cold war of constant surveillance, and the effect has been devastating, they said.
“She's seriously harassing me,” they said. “I'm telling you 110 percent. My wife is literally crying. I have five kids. Everybody's tired of her.”
But Simmons is quite pleased with the effect their cameras have had, and says that Hussein has curtailed their illicit business practices as a result of the unremitting, total information warfare.
“It certainly has helped,” they said. “It was really bad, extremely bad. Now it's a slight bother.”
Reach reporter Colin Mixson at cmixs on@cn gloca l.com or by calling (718) 260-4505.
Updated 11:48 am, January 16, 2019
©2015
1. Law of Diminishing Marginal Utility
2. Elasticity of Supply
3. Circular Flow Model
4. Risk – Return Relationship
5. Opportunity Cost
After nearly eight years, President Obama has earned the title of "regulator in chief," imposing an historic number of major rules, unfunded mandates and red tape, according to a sweeping analysis of administration's actions.
The economic impact to taxpayers so far: $2,496 per person, per year, an amazing four times higher than the average annual household heating bill.
The shocking figure comes from the American Action Forum's regulatory policy director Sam Batkins who has charted the impact of federal regulations under Obama, now a major part of the lame duck president's legacy.
In their latest report, provided to Secrets, Batkins reveals that the Obama administration has imposed 101 unfunded mandates on states, local governments and businesses, nearly double the number under former President Bush. Those alone cost $1,842 per person in added expenses and paperwork.
The rest of the cost per person is made up of major regulations, many resulting from Obamacare, environmental rules and Wall Street governance, also records for a White House.
"The Obama administration has set several notable records in the regulatory world: 600 major regulations and counting, more than 10 billion hours of federal paperwork, and the costliest single year in regulation in recent history. It's time for another record: 101 unfunded regulatory mandates imposed on states, local governments, and businesses," said the new AAF report.
"Broadly, an unfunded mandate is defined as a regulation, without explicit Congressional consent or adequate federal funding, which may displace state or local priorities. President Obama managed to easily top 13 years of unfunded mandates in less than eight," said the report.
The explosion of regulations and unfunded mandates was predicted by Obama when they threatened congressional Republicans that if they ignored their requests they would act alone.
"We're not just going to be waiting for legislation in order to make sure that we're providing Americans the kind of help they need. I've got a pen and I've got a phone," they said.
Batkins found that Obama's unfunded mandates cost $596 billion and add 101 million paperwork hours. "For perspective, it would take 50,506 individuals employed by states and businesses (working 2,000 hours annually) to complete a single year of these new paperwork requirements," said the report.
The costliest unfunded mandates are part of Obama's environmental agenda to reduce vehicle emissions and make refrigerators more efficient.
What's more, the administration has indicated that it plans to super-charge the issuance of regulations if Republican Donald Trump beats Democrat Hillary Rodham Clinton next month.
"101 unfunded mandates and counting. By Inauguration Day next year, that number will surely to grow. It's not just a number; the impact of that many unfunded mandates equates to more than $596 billion in total costs and 101 million paperwork burden hours," concluded Batkins. "It's clear states and local governments will wrestle with the implications of these regulations for years to come," they added.
Paul Bedard, the Washington Examiner's "Washington Secrets" columnist, can be contacted at pbedard@washingtonexaminer.com
LA Times building at 1st and Spring streets. LA Observed file photo
Austin Beutner's first big move as publisher of the Los Angeles Times is to restore the California news section that their predecessor famously (or notoriously) shut down in 2009. The section will replace the confusing LATExtra section starting Tuesday. Staffers are being called together at noon to hear from Beutner about their plans to "reinvest in the core mission," meaning in this case California and Los Angeles news. There's a news release from the paper below, plus Beutner was on NBC News Conference on Sunday telling Conan Nolan about the plans. Beutner says the Times currently has 500 journalists and will be fine under the new ownership of start-up Tribune Publishing: "We can survive and prosper and do our job in this environment."
I still heard from readers who missed the California section, but longtime readers will remember that the section itself was controversial when the John Carroll-Dean Baquet regime that arrived in 2000 replaced the local Metro section with California. Not too long ago, the Times had a Metro section behind the front A section, a State and Region page on the third page of the A section where the state columnists and Sacramento news were featured, and a roster of even-more-local sections serving the Valley, the Central City, Orange County, San Diego and other areas.
As for the California section, Beutner said it will allow more focus on local news and they revealed something interesting about their biases regarding the paper and journalism. "We first and foremost have to own the conversation about Los Angeles and California," Beutner said. They suggested the data shows that online readers want short digest items of a couple hundred words, or longform stories over 1,000 words, but not so much the mid-range 500-700 word stories that the Times provides scads of. They said the paper will move away from the mid-range stories, which sounds to me like cutting back a lot of current news stories to briefs or blog items. Interesting to see how that goes over. It's already impossible to browse back through the Times website for a detailed look at what they covered locally two or three or five days ago. The bias now is to provide a fresh look every hour or so in hopes of snagging clicks from readers who com back a lot and puff up the stats. Sounds like, in the end, less local news of consequence in the paper and on the website, but Beutner insists the new section will mean "more" so we'll see.
On a side note, Beutner told Nolan that they still support Bobby Shriver personally for Supervisor but saw consensus on the editorial board for Sheila Kuehl and chose not to veto the recent endorsement of Kuehl.
The California section will aggregate and display the columnists such as Steve Lopez and Sandy Banks who have been kind of lost inside the A section, and will also include weather, obits and other features. If it feels familiar, it is. When the Los Angeles Times axed the California section in 2009, over "the unanimous and vocal objections of senior editors" as I said at the time, publisher Eddy Hartenstein and the paper's flacks tried to bill it as good news. They said it would create a place to put late news — at the same time as they decreed earlier deadlines so the presses could be run with smaller crews and the Times could print the local editions of the Wall Street Journal. I don't know how this new section will affect deadlines, but Beutner seemed to dismiss the last regime's decision. "LATExtra only means something to those who work in the printing plant," they said.
Here's Beutner's email to the newsroom this morning:
From: "Beutner, Austin M"
Date: October 20, 2014 at 6:48:32 AM PDT
To: AllLosAngelesTimesEmployees
Subject: Los Angeles Times Introduces New California Section
Colleagues –
Today brings big news of the launch of The Times' daily California section.
We will celebrate in-person at Noon and get all the details from Davan and their team.
In the meantime, we have attached the public announcement that will be distributed shortly, as well as my letter to our readers.
This is an exciting time as we invest additional resources in our core mission.
See you in the Chandler Auditorium at 12pm.
Austin
The Times' release:
While Day 1 made headlines with teams trading picks, Day 2 would most likely make headlines when guys like Cordy Glenn fall lower than expected, or having a guy like Upshaw go to some dominate 3-4 scheme, a la 3rd pick of the 2nd round(Ravens). both of these are just guesses which I doubt will actually happen, the 2nd and 3rd rounds are usually much more interesting to me.
What I actually think could happen:
Rams are going to get Cordy Glenn with the first pick. They need an O-line for Bradford, because I don't think they like being sacked 50+ times. Glenn played at UGA and can play guard or tackle. They were a force at the combine, going up against guys like Melvin Ingram, Courtney Upshaw, and Quinton Coples.  They are first round talent and the Rams have two more 2nd round picks, so this could be one of those best player available picks, but still ties into team needs. Rams have a plethora of options to choose from with three 2nd rounders, two of which are in the top 10 picks. I could see them getting another target for Bradford as well. They picked up Steve Smith in the offseason, and I could see them going for a guy like Stephen Hill. Problem is, Hill didn't produce that well at Georgia Tech due to their option offense, so whenever Hill got the ball, it was most likely an option fake and they had the opposition beat. Does this mean he's bad because they played in a flexbone scheme? No, but it means there's some risk involved with taking him, but their combine shot them up on most boards. Hill could be a nice addition to the Rams offense, as they stand around 6'3 or 6'4, and has decent speed.
The Colts seem to have a lot of rebuilding to do. Switching to the 3-4 with Pagano will make a difference in how they draft, but are they going to go defense this early, or are they going to try to put Luck with some young weapons? Guys like Alshon Jeffrey from South Carolina is still on the board with their 6'4 frame, along with Reuben Randle from LSU at 6'4. While both of these players are great, I can't help but wonder whether or not the Colts pick how you could pass up one of Luck's targets at Stanford in Coby Fleener. Considered one of the best TE's in the draft, Fleener led Stanford in receiving touchdowns last year with 10. The Colts lost one of the best TE's in Dallas Clark, and it only seems right you give get you guys who have great chemistry together. The only worry would be that if Luck is a bust, will Fleener be a bust? Only time can tell, but I don't see the Colts going anything but offense here.
Ravens are gonna go with Konz. Why else trade back? Konz is the best center in the draft, and the Ravens are gonna look to keep their running attack going. They also have two 2nd rounders, and could take a WR late in the round. If Mohammed Sanu is still there, I'd pick them up. They could also go for a Ray replacement and try to get a guy like Zach Brown from UNC. While they play OLB in a 4-3 scheme, I can see them moving to ILB in a 3-4 and wreaking havoc. He's just incredibly fast and can make plays, but they won't be available by the time the 28th pick comes around, so if they were like to get him, they'd use their 3rd pick in the 2nd round, eliminating Konz from the picture. Could this happen?
Without having a 1st round pick, Denver is probably going to look to at defense. They filled their biggest need during the offseason in getting Peyton Manning, but after a year off, will Peyton still be Peyton? If they are, as a Chiefs fan, I'm screwed, but divisional games are always hectic in the AFC West. I could see them getting Brandon Thompson from Clemson to fill a void at DT. He's a big guy, can take up space in the middle and stop the run, but will they get him? With all of the talent on the board this early into the draft, who's to say that they won't pick the best player available on offense to give Peyton some help? Whether it be a receiver or a lineman, they may spend their second 2nd round pick on an offensive player, but I fee like for their first pick they're going to go with a defensive player. Janoris Jenkins? Could happen, even with the acquisition of former Saint, Tracy Porter.
After trading up to get Weeden and Richardson in the first round, the Browns may want an O-line. This actually seems unlikely, but so did a 28-year-old QB being a first rounder. Richardson at Bama was a force to be reckoned with, and Weeden is a great QB, the only downside was their age, which the Browns didn't seem to care about. They'll want to protect their investments and build up an offense in the process. Are the Browns going the SB this year? highly doubtful, especially with their division, but they're looking towards the future so a lineman may be in their future. On the other hand, they have somewhat of a weak secondary and could use some help there. Sadly, there aren't any safeties worthy of being drafted this early that weren't already drafted, but there are some corner backs still available. Jayron Hosley from Virginia Tech is still up there, along with Alfonzo Dennard from Nebraska. Jenkins was considered first round talent, but their attitude seemed to stop some teams from drafting him, but any of the first 4 picks could draft them just to have another DB out there. Hosley led Tech in interceptions last year if I remember correctly, and Alfonzo was great at Nebraska. Best bet for the Browns? use their 2nd round pick on a lineman, and their 3rd round pick on a decent corner.
Jacksonville picked up receiver Justin Blackmon with their first pick. Gabbert's first year at QB didn't go so well, so getting Blackmon was a good pickup. Their O-line isn't bad, but it could still be improved. The thing of importance for the Jags is most likely the pass rush. Aaron Kampman seemed like a great pickup a few years ago from the Packers, but they haven't been able to stay healthy. Fortunately, for the Jags, this year's draft was lined up with pass rushers, and there are still multiple available. Andre Branch from Clemson is one person the Jags may look at picking up. He's agile, can make plays, and loves seeing the QB eat turf. Branch is a viable option for the Jags with the sixth pick in the 2nd round.
Panthers 1st round pick was a great one in Luke Keuchly out of Boston College. The kid just has a nose for where the ball is, and could make an immediate impact on the field. The Panthers may get another receiver for Cam to go to, or they'll try to get a pass rusher opposite of Charles Johnson. Seeing as they went defense in the first round, it seems as if they may get a receiver with their 2nd round pick. I could see them getting Dwayne Allen from Clemson if he's still on the board. Around 6'4 with great hands and speed, Allen could be just what the Panthers are looking for with Cam Newton. Without a 3rd round pick, the Panthers are going to look to getting guys who can come in and get some playing time to try to reclaim the NFC South.
The Bills are slowly on the come up, picking up Mario Williams in the offseason, and Stephon Gilmore in the 1st round. I don't think they'll look for anything but an offensive lineman here. Johnathan Martin from Stanford, Bobby Massie from Ole Miss, and Mike Adams from OSU are all viable picks for the Bills at this stage. Ryan Fitzpatrick showed glimpses of greatness last season, and will need an offensive line to keep moving forward.
Last but not least, the Dolphins. With their first round pick, they drafted WR QB Ryan Tannehill from Texas A&M. They needed a QB, and Tannehill has shown scouts that they have what it takes to play QB at the NFL level, but I didn't watch enough Texas A&M games to actually know whether or not he's top-10 worthy. Not only did they draft a QB in the 1st round, but they traded away Brandon Marshall to the Bears–for two 3rd round picks!! What's a QB if they don't have anyone to throw to? Not saying the Dolphins don't have any receivers, but it's going to be difficult going against defenses like Rex Ryan and Bill Belichick twice a year if you can't throw the ball. They also reverted back to the 4-3 defense, and will need someone to play opposite of Wake. They may have backed themselves into a corner that they won't be able to get out of this year, but anything can happen in the NFL.
Advertisements
Occupy Wall Street, largely forgotten over the last few months, aims to make a comeback from this winter's hibernation with an ambitious plan: a crippling May Day “general strike” in the tradition of 1930s radicalism.
The grand promise is what one occupier, Brendan Burke, described to BuzzFeed as “a day without the 99%.” But in the city where the movement was born, it's already suffering from what has emerged as one of Occupy's signal weaknesses, the lack of ability or interest to make alliances with liberal institutions. Despite public solidarity, there's little relationship between the Occupy movement and organized labor. And as a result, even the most progressive New York labor leaders say their members will not participate in the May 1 strike.
“It won't happen,” said Stuart Appelbaum, president of the Retail, Wholesale and Department Store Union and one of the first labor leaders to embrace the Occupy movement. “They are not working with the unions in a serious way yet; nor are the unions working with them in a serious way. And it is the wrong strategy.”
“I think the concept is a great one but the reality is very tough,” said Arthur Cheliotes, the President of Local 1180, Communications Workers of America and a stalwart of the New York left.
The United States hasn't seen a general strike — generally thought of as a moment when workers in a region or metropolitan area, across industries, walk off the job in class solidarity — since 1946, when an estimated 130,000 workers stopped working in Oakland. Other countries with different laws for organized labor – France is a famous example – experience general strikes more frequently, and theirs can be crippling to large public systems like transportation.
Here, however, the 1947 Taft-Hartley act, which sets the conditions between labor and management, protected some labor actions but outlawed general strikes, and make national Occupy calls for a May 1 general strike a very heavy lift.
“We're a public sector workers—we take a day off for a general strike and we're fined two days' pay,” said Cheliotes. “I don't think my members are inclined to engage in that process.”
Even Transit Workers Union Local 100, the New York City subway union with a tradition of being one of the most radical mainstream unions in the country, won't take a side.
“I don't think we'd take a position on that,” said Cheska Tolentino, a TWU Local 100 organizer in New York, whose union is still paying the price for a 2005 strike courts ruled illegal.
Occupiers began describing the action as a “general strike” only after some internal debate, with some participants warning that the planned action won't in fact live up to that disruptive expectation. The strike, referred to as “May Day,” is expected to be the movement's largest action since the large-scale protests that caused such a stir in New York last fall.
Indeed, some Occupy organizers are starting to change the language in order to avoid the kind of anti-climax they've experienced in the past during multiple protests that didn't turn out the way they'd hoped (they couldn't, for example, prevent the closing bell from being sounded on Wall Street last November).
Even the occupiers themselves aren't totally clear on what the general strike will consist of without labor support, though organizers admit that the strike can only go so far without the unions striking.
“We do expect people to not work,” said organizer Max Berger. “Just in terms of participation by labor organizations and mass people not working, we're realistic about where we're at and what 's possible.”
Burke, who led security operations for OWS during the Zuccotti Park occupation, said that “I don't know if we have broad-based union support. We have a few unions that are with us. But I don't know about a national literal strike.”
“Like everything else OWS, it's symbolic but it's also practical,” Burke said.
Some occupiers downplay the importance of unions to their plans.
“Frankly there's not enough union people in this country anyway, so even if you made every union person strike, you still couldn't have everyone not working,” said Jeff Smith, an organizer since the beginning of Occupy.
“It's about getting enough people to opt out of what their normal equation is,” Smith said. “Even if you just stay home and watch TV, in some ways you'll have participated in this.”
Occupiers are holding weekly marches on Fridays on Wall Street in the weeks leading up to May Day followed by meetings on Saturdays. According to organizers, the day itself will include direct actions – the details of which haven't entirely been ironed out – plus teach-ins and “pop-up occupations,” said Burke. Protesters are being trained in direct action techniques culminating in a week of training in April that organizers are calling “99% Spring Training,” an initiative whose online manifesto has been signed by a number of union heads as well as Van Jones and representatives of institutional progressive groups like Greenpeace and MoveOn.org.
And Occupiers in New York are already beginning to manage expectations.
“We want to change people's notion of what it means to strike,” Berger said. “There are all different ways for people to not participate in capitalist system.”
The model is, in part, the dramatic Occupy demonstrations in Oakland last November, which shut down one of the nation's largest ports amid violence between Occupiers and police. Occupiers there called for a general strike and didn't get one, but the nature of the shipping industry allowed them to wreak as much havoc as any Occupy branch has over the course of the movement's brief six-month lifespan so far.
But as in Oakland, the promised New York general strike appears likely to highlight the troubled relationship between Occupy and organized labor, whose unions have at times provided an organizational backbone and manpower to occupy demonstrations.
The difference isn't just one of tactics: Despite public expressions of solidarity, labor leaders say privately that they've been frustrated by their inability to build a long-term relationship with the leaderless movement. Instead, they're beginning to plan a day of protest later this year in support of the right to organize.
None of the union leaders BuzzFeed spoke with said they'd been contacted by occupiers about plans for a strike, a silence that has made the grand talk of a general strike even more puzzling to people whose members are familiar with picket lines.
“A general strike is a very specific thing,” said Bob Master, co-chairperson of the Working Families Party and the legislative and political director of Communication Workers of America District 1. “It's when all the workers in a city decide that they're not working. It's not when an outside group says, ‘How about we stop working for a day because we've got a set of demands that you weren't part of formulating.'”
Six killed and 14 injured in remote desert area where Syrian refugees were being screened for suspected Isis links
Jordan has sealed its northern and eastern borders after six soldiers were killed in a suicide bombing outside a Syrian refugee camp, in a remote area where hundreds have been held for screening over suspected links to Islamic State.
King Abdullah II vowed to hit back “with an iron fist” as officials in Amman said as well as those killed 14 others were injured when an explosives-laden truck was detonated at an army post near Rukban, on the isolated desert border with Syria. The dead and injured were border guards and officials of the public security department.
The suicide bomber drove out from behind a berm and evaded gunfire to reach the post, the army said. The area was later declared a closed military zone.
The border closure is likely to disrupt aid to tens of thousands of Syrian refugees stranded on the frontier. There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the attack but Jordan is a leading member of the US-led coalition fighting Isis in Syria and Iraq, and has been the target of jihadi attacks before.
“Such heinous terrorist acts will only make us more determined to carry on with our fight against terrorism and its groups who plotted in the dark against the men who protect the country and its borders,” the king said. The foreign minister, Nasser Judeh, also condemned the attack.
Approximately 50,000 people are believed to be in Rukban and other camps in no man's land, stranded between the borders as they await entry to Jordan. Jordan admits an average of 50-100 people per day, giving priority to the elderly, sick and injured.
In February Abdullah warned that there were Isis elements among the refugees, explaining the long waiting times and security checks the Syrians must undergo. Jordan has faced criticism for the deteriorating humanitarian conditions in the camps, as food and medical supplies ran short.
The attack immediately raised the spectre of the risks to a small and vulnerable country of the war raging next door without any prospect of it ending in the foreseeable future.
Jordan has kept a low profile politically since the start of the Syrian crisis. It has ensured that rebel military operations against Bashar al-Assad's government that are carried out from its territory kept a low profile, even when the US and Britain, its closest western allies, were involved.
The worst recent incident was on 6 June, when a gunman killed five Jordanian intelligence officers in a Palestinian refugee camp north of Amman. A suspect was arrested but a gagging order is in place covering details of the attack while the investigation continues.
Tens of thousands of Syrian refugees have sought shelter at two remote desert camps in the north-east – one at Rukban and another at Handalat further west.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Satellite image provided by DigitalGlobe on 23 May 2016 shows Rukban camp. Photograph: AP
A flare-up in the five-year civil war in Syria sparked a new influx of refugees last month, with nearly 5,500 arriving at Rukban in the space of a few days. Jordan's refusal to allow the refugees further inside its territory has been criticised by the office of the UN high commissioner for refugees.
Jordan says it is hosting nearly 1.4 million Syrian refugees, of whom 630,000 are registered with the UN. The huge numbers have placed a massive strain on the kingdom's economy and resources as well as raising security concerns.
In December 2005, Isis's predecessor al-Qaida in Iraq claimed responsibility for suicide bombings in three Amman hotels which killed 60 people and wounded dozens, an incident that was dubbed “Jordan's 9/11”.
Jordan began carrying out airstrikes against Isis in Syria and one of its pilots was captured by the jihadis when their plane went down in December 2014. In February 2015, Isis released gruesome footage of Maaz al-Kassasbeh being burned alive in a cage. Their murder prompted Jordan to extend airstrikes against Isis to Iraq, where it is the only Arab coalition member participating in the bombing campaign.
Jordan has also opened up the Prince Hassan airbase, north-east of other members of the coalition taking part in the air war.
In March, the authorities announced they had foiled an Isis plot to carry out attacks in an operation that led to the deaths of seven militants. According to sources close to Islamists, almost 4,000 Jordanians have joined jihadi groups in Iraq and Syria, where an estimated 420 have been killed since 2011.
Jon Flanagan earned Jürgen Klopp's Man of the Match award for their 105-minute contribution in the Capital One Cup semi-final, second leg against Stoke City on Tuesday night.
You would never have guessed that the Liverpool defender had not started a senior game since May 2014 as they offered support and reliability up and down the right side at Anfield.
Marko Arnautovic scored the only goal of the game to make the tie 1-1 on aggregate and force a penalty shootout, which the Reds won 6-5 to secure a place in the final at Wembley.
Asked about Flanagan at their post-match press conference, Klopp said: “My Man of the Match. They were great. 105 minutes after [his last start in] May 2014, it is unbelievable.
“Usually we know it is not the best thing but we had no other chance. We were always in contact with him, always asking. Even when we took them out, they said ‘I could go on'. That was really great.
“You lose the feeling in such a long time. In shorter times [out], you lose the feeling for the game. All the things with the ball, you don't forget, but then to defend in the right spaces…
“We defend differently than Liverpool defended when they last played. They did really great and they were Man of the Match for me.”
Our Event Meditation was a huge success and we were very close to reaching the critical mass. Dragon sources have communicated that positive timeline has been deeply stabilized and the Resistance has communicated that one huge layer of strangelet and toplet bombs has been removed. Since the meditation, there are intense negotiations taking place behind the scenes for full Disclosure and for complete and unconditional surrender of all Cabal factions, including the Chimera.
Due to the success of this meditation, the Light forces have asked to change our former Weekly Liberation Meditation into Weekly Event Meditation each Sunday at 7 pm UT.
It is not a coincidence that many positive news have been released in a few short days after our meditation.
The Islamic State organization in Syria is almost destroyed:
Turkish downing of the Russian military plane has backfired and now Turkish connections to the Islamic State are being exposed:
The Jesuits are very well aware that the plans to start WW3 will not be successful and that Islamic State project is doomed to fail. This is why Jesuit-related cabalists are distancing themselves from that situation in order to save their own skin:
The Light forces have communicated that by using name ISIS for the terrorist organizatoin you are actually supporting them energetically, because it is the name they have chosen occultly to strengthen themselves. If you use other names (ISIL, Islamic State, Daesh) instead, you are weakening their position:
A petition has been created to help spread awareness of this and you can sign it here:
In a few short days after our meditation, several seemingly unrelated events have happened that will bring us much closer to disintegrating the Veil and towards Disclosure.
First, Blue Origin has successfully launched and landed a reusable rocket. This will drastically reduce the cost of space travel:
Second, NASA has found an indirect indication of Tunnels of Set surrounding the Earth:
Third, a Canadian team has developed a project of launching a crowdfunded satellite that will search for extraterrestrial craft:
People who will contribute to the project will have access to the satellite's data. This is the first satellite ever publicly launched that will actively search for extraterrestrial presence in Earth orbit, and what is even more important, it will be in the hands of the people and not NASA. Imagine being able to take photos through a crowdfunded satellite moments after NASA cuts off live feed from ISS:
The Light forces have asked people who are willing and able to support this satellite project financially, to do so here:
The official explained to Bibi Netanyahu that if there was a peace settlement, extra investment would push Israel's long-term growth rate from 5% a year to 7%. The Israeli prime minister responded that if the country had 5% growth, it did not need peace.
Netanyahu was joking, according to the official who recounted the story – but the quip highlights a serious point. There is no prospect of a settlement between Israelis and Palestinians, and many Israelis are fairly relaxed about that. During a recent visit to Israel, I met very few people who were optimistic about the peace process.
Netanyahu says they support the creation of a Palestinian state. But the terms they are offering – with much of the hypothetical state's security under Israeli control – would not be acceptable to any Palestinian leader. Netanyahu's coalition government shows no signs of offering the Palestinians the kinds of concession – such as freezing settlements – that would make a peace deal possible.
Nor do the Palestinians seem ready for peace: recent attempts to bring both Fatah and Hamas into a national unity government came to nothing. Whether Mahmoud Abbas, the president of the Palestinian Authority, will carry out their recent threat to resign is unclear.
Within Israel, there is very little pressure for a peace settlement. Israelis are getting on with their lives, without – for now – the threat of suicide bombers. There are virtually no rocket attacks from the areas controlled by Hamas and Hezbollah. The barrier that snakes through the West Bank makes Israelis feel safer – and also less interested in what happens on the other side.
As for the Gaza strip, most Israelis do not want to think or talk about it. The only people I met who seemed worried about the situation there were foreign journalists, plus a few Israeli liberals – and Tony Blair, who as a peace envoy keeps telling the Israelis that the people of Gaza need to be "given a way forward". If pressed, moderate Israelis admit to being uncomfortable that their government (like Egypt) will not allow exports out of Gaza or building supplies in (on the grounds that Hamas would profit from any trade).
In Gaza, 40% of adults are unemployed and most of the rest are in government jobs. The West Bank is doing better, with only 20% unemployment and economic growth likely to be 7% this year – partly because Tony Blair and others have persuaded Israel to lift some of the restrictions on movement. Israelis hope that when Gazans see the brightening prospects of the West Bank they will turn against Hamas. In fact Hamas's popularity has waned to some degree since the last Israel-Hamas war, according to people who spend time in Gaza.
Can international pressure kick-start the peace process? Earlier this autumn Barack Obama pushed Netanyahu to accept a freeze on expanding West Bank settlements, but failed. Liberal Israelis say Obama made the mistake of demanding that the freeze should apply to the suburbs of East Jerusalem, which most Israelis do not regard as settlements. Netanyahu's successful resistance to US pressure has made them more popular. Many Israelis view Obama as both hostile and weak; their approval rating is below 10%.
Could the EU, Israel's top trading partner, and the biggest provider of aid to the Palestinian Authority, put pressure on Israel? It was planning to offer an "enhanced agreement" that would establish regular EU-Israel summits, and give Israel the right to take part in a range of EU programmes. But earlier this year the EU said it would hold up the agreement until Israel did more to alleviate the plight of Gaza. This conditionality, which annoys Israel's leaders, might be more effective if the EU increased its offer. Why not tell the Israelis that if they forge a peace deal with the Palestinians, they could join the European Economic Area, giving Israel – like Norway and Iceland – full access to the EU's single market?
But for now, the Europeans' divisions over how to handle Israel weaken their credibility as a partner for it. For example earlier this month, when the UN General Assembly debated the Goldstone report – which had accused Israel of war crimes in Gaza – the EU split three ways: the Czech Republic, Germany, Italy and the Netherlands were among those voting with the US to reject the report, Britain and France led a large group of member-states into abstention, and a few others, including Ireland, Portugal and Cyprus, voted for the report.
Many Israeli politicians and business people have a dark view of Europe. At a conference I attended in Jerusalem, one minister – a noted dove within the Israeli government – complained about the influence of Muslim minorities on the foreign policies of EU countries. I told them that Germany and the Netherlands, two states with large and vocal Muslim minorities, were among Israel's best friends in Europe. They countered that the Czech Republic and Poland, which had very few Muslims, did not criticise Israel. And they claimed there was a direct correlation between the willingness of British MPs to criticise Israel, and the size of the Muslim minority in their constituencies.
Several Israelis at the conference complained that, having sprung from European civilisation, they were now among its last defenders, given that the high birth rate of Muslim immigrants and Islamist ideology were undermining that civilisation from within (I have heard very similar comments in Serbia and Russia).
Reinforcing the Israelis' gloomy world-view is their fear of Iran's nuclear programme. Many of them urge the West to understand that the real problem in the Middle East is not the question of Palestine but the extremist alliance of Iran, Syria, Hizbollah and Hamas that threatens Israel and moderate Arab regimes.
Israelis have long been worried about Iran. But their fear of Turkey – until very recently a close ally – is new. The Turkish government's criticism of Israeli actions in Gaza and its recent cancellation of joint military exercises makes Israelis fret that Turkey is nestling up to the Iran-led coalition. They worry about the growing power of Islamists in Turkey, the diminishing role of the secular army in Turkish public life, and Prime Minister Erdoğan's burgeoning friendship with Iran's President Ahmedi-Nejad. Erdoğan's recent comments to the Guardian about the validity of the Iranian presidential election process were unfortunate. But I think many Israelis exaggerate Turkey's eastward tilt. Erdoğan is trying to balance Turkey's foreign policy between the EU, the US, Russia, Iran and the Arab world, and that may be in Turkey's best interests.
However, a lot of Israelis seem to believe the worst of Turkey, as they do of many countries. Many of the Israelis that I met see themselves as increasingly isolated in a hostile world.
Image: CERN
Results presented Tuesday by physicists at the Large Hadron Collider offer the tantalizing hint of a new particle, possibly a very heavy variation of the Higgs boson. Both the ATLAS and CMS experiments, the LHC particle detectors responsible for the Higgs boson discovery, have found significant, unexpected spikes within data representing the energetic aftermaths of super-high energy proton collisions.
The lucky number for both experiments is 750 giga-electronvolts (GeV). It's at this energy that physicists found an excess of photon particles (units of light, basically) within the showers of subatomic byproducts that result when heavier particles (like protons) are smashed together and annihilate. (The green lines in the illustration below would be photons.) Some of these byproducts exist for barely any time at all, but their existence can be inferred by looking for energy spikes such as this.
Image: CERN
If the results are confirmed by further data, they would indicate the presence of a new particle of around 1,500 giga-electronvolts produced in proton collisions and decaying almost immediately into two of photons of 750 GeV apiece.
And the results do absolutely need confirmation. The statistical bump found by the ATLAS comes with a significance of 3.6 sigma, while the CMS group wound up with a 2.6 sigma excess at 750 GeV. These are not slam dunks by any stretch. In particle physics, 5 sigmas is the standard for a discovery, corresponding to about a 0.00003 percent chance that the results happened just by dumb luck. A 3 sigma result, which is usually taken to indicate evidence of a discovery but not an actual discovery, means that there's about a 3 percent chance that the results could have occurred via dumb luck. A 2.6 sigma is not even evidence but it's also not nothing-nothing.
(An interesting thing: The chance that a result could have happened by dumb luck is always there, even if it is approaching the infinitesimal.)
More concretely, the CMS group registered 10 750 GeV events, while the ATLAS group nabbed 40. As noted in Nature News, the excesses would be completely unremarkable had they not occurred in tandem at separate detection experiments. "It is a little intriguing," ATLAS spokesperson Dave Charlton told the journal. "But it can happen by coincidence."
French physicist Adam Falkowski, who'd been hinting about Tuesday's results on Twitter several days ago, has a good analysis at their Resonaances blog. For one thing, they contrast the latest data spikes with what was seen of the Higgs boson three years ago. Then, unlike now, the interpretation of photon pairs (a diphoton) at 125 GeV was reasonably clear and shared by most physicists: the Higgs boson. A 1,500 GeV diphoton, however, could be any number of things, including one of several theorized additional Higgs bosons. That ambiguity adds a whole new level of excitement.
"Most likely, this particle would just be a small part of the larger structure, possibly having something to do with electroweak symmetry breaking and the hierarchy problem of the Standard Model," Falkowski writes. "If the signal is a real thing, then it may be the beginning of a new golden era in particle physics."
In any case, we will know more for sure when the next round of LHC data starts rolling in in 2016.
The Apple Remote has turned out to be one of my favorite things about my MacBook Pro. Aside from its obvious uses (Front Row, iTunes etc) you can use it to do a pretty wide variety of things. Here are 10 of the ways I've used the Apple Remote to make my life a bit easier.
ps. All of the software mentioned below is free (and/or open source).
If you want to put your Apple Remote on steroids, iRed Lite is for you. Though a bit confusing at first, once you get the hang of it (read the manual) you'll be able to control any app on your Mac using your Apple Remote. I've found it most useful to use when controlling "other" media players (like Cog) – but again, with this app, the sky's the limit.
click to enlarge
back to top
If you're not a huge fan of Front Row, iTheater may be for you. Some of the iTheater features not included (by default) in Front Row are: Video_TS (backup DVD's) playback, support for widgets and the Wii controller, and the ability to customize the background picture and sounds. The most recent release of iTheater is also very “developer-friendly”, which means we should see some very cool plugins and add-ons in the near future.
click to enlarge
If your Mac didn't include Front Row but you've purchased an Apple Remote, keep in mind you CAN install and use it by following the instructions in the great tutorial How to install Front Row using Enabler.
back to top
From the iAlertU home page: iAlertU is the first of its kind alarm system for your Apple MacBook computer. Basically iAlertU is a car alarm for your Apple Mac. iAlertU uses the built-in sudden motion sensor (SMS) device to detect movement of your Apple MacBook and triggers an audible and visual alarm. The alarm can also be triggered by keyboard and mouse/trackpad movement (and AC adapter changes or screen closings). The alarm is designed to continue sounding even after the Apple MacBook screen has been closed. iAlertU is activated and deactivated using the infrared remote control included with every Apple MacBook computer. User adjustable settings let you decide which type of alarm triggers you would like to use, the duration of the alarm, and motion sensor sensitivity. iAlertU also features functionality to utilize the built-in iSight camera to photograph they would be thief and soon will be able to email the photo to a user specified email address.
Adam Pash (of DailyDIY and Lifehacker fame) shows you how to take iAlertU even farther in their Hack Attack: Turn your MacBooks iSight into a FTP backed-up Security Camera. Side note: after I wrote How to use your PC and Webcam as a motion detecting and recording security camera I was going to write something similar for Mac folks. Not only did Adam beat me to it, they did a better job than I would have. So I didn't bother :)
back to top
Aurora is a free Alarm Clock for your Mac that lets you wake up to your favorite iTunes playlist or any TV or radio channel from EyeTV. What makes it great is that you can use your Apple Remote to hit the “Snooze button” without having to get out of bed. Ahh the glory of Snooze.
click to enlarge
Other features include a Sleep Timer and the ability to wake your Mac from sleep or from a powered-off state. Aurora is available in English, German, French, Italian, Japanese and Chinese. Download Aurora here and sleep later than you should.
back to top
PandoraBoy is sheer genius if you're a Pandora fan. Not only does it allow you to listen to Pandora.com without having to have a web browser open, but (you guessed it) you can control it with your Apple Remote. And if that wasn't enough, it works with Growl.
click to enlarge
back to top
mwolson has the skinny on getting your Apple Remote to work in Linux. As mwolson mentions, if you're a relatively up to date Ubuntu user, the 2.6.20 kernel package has included the driver into their kernel.
back to top
This has actually happened to me. Some wiseass in my local coffee shop used his/her Apple Remote to skip songs in my iTunes playlist. I got so frustrated that I quit iTunes and listened to .flac files in Cog instead. Fortunately this person decided not to constantly launch Front Row, which might have driven me over the edge. The solution to this problem is to pair your Apple Remote with your Mac, so your Remote, and only your Remote, can control your Mac.
back to top
I'll be the first to admit it – I went many, many months owning a MacBook Pro and had no idea I could put it to sleep with the Apple Remote. Just hold down the Play button. That's right, just hold it down, and your Mac goes to sleep. Duh.
back to top
EntertainMac has the info on how to add Internet Radio stations to iTunes, thus allowing you to control/access them via Front Row. And while we're on the topic of Internet Radio, you may want to visit Save Net Radio and do your part (however minimal) to help Internet Radio stations stay alive. ‘Cause they are going to die unless something changes.
back to top
DVD Assist is an Applescript that allows you to play your backup DVD's (often referred to as Video_TS) in Front Row. It works exactly as described, and perfectly. If you were considering installing iTheater just to play backup DVD's, this is a great way to save some hard drive space/have fewer installed apps.
back to top
Nico Rosberg is to remain at Mercedes alongside Lewis Hamilton after signing a contract extension for at least two more years.
The 28-year-old's current deal was due to expire at the end of this campaign.
A Mercedes spokesperson said: "We have long-term relationships with both our drivers."
The German driver, who won the opening race of 2014, is second in the standings, behind Hamilton, who is in the second season of a three-year deal.
Media playback is not supported on this device Hamilton pips Rosberg in practice one
News of Rosberg's deal follows comments this week from Dieter Zetsche, the chairperson of Mercedes-Benz Cars, that Ferrari's Fernando Alonso was "maybe the best driver in F1".
Zetsche's remarks, made during a visit to a Mercedes car factory in Spain, led some in F1 to wonder whether Mercedes might consider signing Alonso in the future.
But the Brackley-based outfit are happy with their current line-up and have no intention of breaking it up for the foreseeable future.
Mercedes bosses also point out that, during their trip to the car factory, Zetsche stated they felt their team had the best driver line-up in F1 but that this was not reported by the media.
Although Alonso, a double world champion, is widely admired as arguably the most complete driver in F1, many senior figures consider that they are difficult to work with and a potentially disruptive influence in a team.
Alonso's relationship with Ferrari has been going through a strained period because of their failure to win the World Championship following the 32-year-old Spaniard's transfer from Renault in 2010.
Nico Rosberg at Mercedes Year Points Position Wins 2010 142 7th 0 2011 89 7th 0 2012 93 9th 1 2013 171 6th 2 2014 (after 5 races) 97 2nd 1
Mercedes have won every race in Formula 1 this season after producing a dominant car under the new rules that have introduced turbo-hybrid engines and a fuel-efficiency based set of regulations to the sport.
Hamilton has won four races to Rosberg's one, but they are only separated by three points going into this weekend's race in Monaco.
Reacting to the news, BBC F1 co-commentator David Coulthard told BBC Radio 5 live: "Nico's being rewarded for not only helping build the stability in the team over the last couple of seasons but also it gives them a platform to really have a clear head and take this World Championship battle head to head with their team-mate."
However, Coulthard believes Hamilton remains the team's number one driver. They explained: "The reality is you can only have one of your drivers standing on the top spot of the podium.
"Lewis Hamilton has been brought in as a former world champion, as the one that they would have expected to really be leading the charge for another championship.
"No disrespect to Nico but we've seen Lewis and Fernando go head to head before at McLaren and it didn't work.
"We've seen Ayrton Senna and Alain Prost within a team together as well and that didn't work.
"Ideally you have two number ones but there's always going to be one of them that's slightly stronger."
Monaco Grand Prix full coverage details
Anonymous The Hacker Group is targeting the jihadists website and trying to hack them, take them down and trying their every tactic to ruin the websites related to the jihadists.
As Anonymous trying from days and they have success in their motive: More than 200 Twitter accounts have already been hit by the campaign, together with dozens of Facebook pages displaying jihadist slogans.
This Operation dubbed #OpCharlieHebdo is still working on their motive, and Anonymous hackers from all over the world are trying to hack the websites under the operation.
In our last post related to the campaign, we listed out targeted social accounts and the websites which were hacked at the starting of the operation, now upon a talk with the Anonymous hacker with twitter handle @Anonyopnews we got a list of more websites which have been attacked or being attacked:
islamic-state.ga/ khilafah.com/ Qa3edon.100free.com faithfreedom.org islaam.com shahamat-movie.com unnahonline.com dr-algzouli.com alintibaha.net joinalqaeda.com jhuf.net ansar1.info jihadica.com daulahislamiyah.net islamic-world.net ansar-alhaqq.net shahamat-arabic.com shahamat-urdu.com bab-ul-islam.net jhuf.net daulahislamiyah.net/ muslimvideo.com/ islaam.com thereligionofpeace.com sunnahonline.com thenewkhalij.com ste.gov.sy syriatourism.org mod.gov.af myafghan.com afghanplay.com qassam.ps d3130.servadmin.com furqon.com shahamat.info deenalhaq.info mutti.aleph.to/ alqassam.ps deenalhaq.info mafa.maktoobblog.com mutti.aleph.to wwq.mobde3.net gscp.gov.ye shoora.gov.ye in.gov.ye gis.gov.ye der.gov.ye mpic.gov.ye legal-affairs.gov.ye vepcon.gov.pk nrb.gov.pk www.forums.almaghrib.org www.deenalhaq.info www.al-jahafal.com www.kutahya.gov.tr www.genisbant.udhb.gov.tr www.baglar.gov.tr www.strategy.alriyadh.gov.sa www.training.security.gov.sa www.hsa.gov.sa www.alshmisy.alriyadh.gov.sa www.investment.alriyadh.gov.sa
At Last Anonymous says its line: WE ARE ANONYMOUS. WE DON'T FORGIVE. WE DON'T FORGET.
We can not fall to the ground. It is our duty to react,” Anonymous said in a statement announcing the campaign. “We, Anonymous around the world, have decided to declare war on you the terrorists.
“Anonymous has always fought for the freedom of speech, and will never let this right be smirched by obscuratism and mysticism. Expect a massive reaction from us, because this freedom is what we've been always fighting for.”
Warning to Turkish Government:
In a warning to the Turkish Government, Anonymous tweeted:
Anonymous warned the government after Turkey blocked access to media outlets that published pictures of the front cover of the latest issue of Charlie Hebdo.
In the front cover of the magazine Charlie Hebdo there is a description of the Prophet Mohamed holding a sign that reads “Je Suis Charlie”, and this is the same slogan which has been popularised in the wake of the Paris Attacks.
UPDATE: 1/19/2015
According to an update through the Anonymous Twitter account, more than 1200 Twitter accounts have been suspended in the #OpCharlieHebdo Operation and 89 websites have been attacked in the same operation, We also have a list of 62 websites from those 89- listed above:
A question we asked the Anonymous, will at continue the hack and will perform more cyberattacks against the Jihadists? If we get a reply, we will udpate this post :)
Here we have our first look at the upcoming Toho 30cm Series Godzilla 2014 vinyl figure by X-Plus… painted!
Hmm. I don't remember their belly being that yellowish. I also don't remember their mouth being that red. They kind of looks like they just finished eating a live deer or something. I think perhaps the camera that took this shot is just making it look hyper saturated. And, ouch, that neck seam.
Update: ah, I spoke too soon. Here's another shot with respectable colors:
Still, to sculpt looks fantastic! And the texturing… wow! I want one! I WANT ONE NOW! But according to the sign at the bottom left of the photo, we're going to have to wait until June. (That, or pre-orders open. Either way, it's coming.)
Also on display at this show (I don't know which show it is) are a couple more revelations concerning the upcoming Godzilla Kaiju Museum line. This 4-inchers are made of polyresin and if they are anything at all like their Ultraman cousins which came out a couple of years ago, they are gonna be cool. Though I'm still afraid that Gigan is going to break before it even get out of the box.
Anyway, the big news here is they've added Godzilla 1964 and Mothra 1964 to the line-up. (Godzilla 2014, Gigan 2014 and Godzilla 1954 were previously shown and announced.) Also, it seems they've made a change to Gigan 2014. Earlier photos showed them with the simple claws, but now's he's sporting the rotating saws and neck brace.
I WANT THESE, TOO!
Thanks to the AmiAmi Blog for taking the photos!
Sony has now sold more than 1 million PlayStation VR headsets, the company announced today. The news follows a reveal back in February that the PSVR had topped 915,000 units sold since its debut last October. It puts PSVR ahead of direct competitors like the HTC Vive and Oculus Rift — according to research firm SuperData, the two sold 420,000 and 243,000 units respectively by the end of 2016 — but still well back of Samsung's Gear VR, which has sold more than 5 million units globally. Shawn Layden, president and CEO of Sony Interactive Entertainment America, admits there's still plenty of work to be done, especially given the large installation base of PS4 owners, which is approaching 60 million. “It's still just a million units,” they say.
Layden expects sales to pick up this year in large part because of availability. “We'll have freer supply in the marketplace,” they say of 2017. “We got to a point around Christmas where you would be hard-pressed to find VR anywhere. So we dialed back some of our promotional activity at that time because we didn't want to be promoting a platform for people to find out they couldn't get it. I didn't want to create more unhappy customers.”
“It's still just a million units.”
Software will be a big focus. When PSVR launched, it was released alongside a surprisingly robust lineup of virtual reality experiences, including well-received titles like Thumper and Rez Infinite. Since then, however, the release schedule has died down significantly, with few notable highlights outside of the VR mode for Resident Evil 7.
Last month, however, saw the release of sci-fi shooter Farpoint and the Aim Controller peripheral, which Layden believes is the start of a “second wave” of games hitting the platform. “When a new console or a new platform launches, there's a lot of activity driving launch day,” they say. “And then there's the inevitable lull between that and the next launch of titles. I think we're seeing that happening now. Farpoint is the lead of that, and we'll be talking about a number of other titles at E3.” According to Sony, PSVR owners have purchased 5.25 million VR games to date, and play an average of 25 minutes per session.
“It's hard to make predictions about it.”
Outside of games, Sony is also looking to expand the platform with different types of experiences. To that end, Sony Pictures is bringing an upcoming experience based on Breaking Bad to PSVR, which will be helmed by the show's creator Vince Gilligan. “For PSVR, we came to it from a gaming context,” Layden says. “But we knew at the time when we were developing it that a lot of people will have interest in this.”
One big question that remains is the life cycle of a platform like PSVR. New consoles come out on average around every 5 to 6 years, while smartphones are often refreshed on an annual basis. It's not clear yet where virtual reality hardware like PSVR fits on that spectrum.
“With VR, it's a totally brave new world,” says Layden. “We're still trying to understand exactly what people are going to want to do in that medium. It's hard to make predictions about it. People will want it to be smaller, lighter, wireless — these are all things we're looking at from a conventional iteration process. But I don't presume to be able to tell you what VR is going to look like in the year 2018 or 2019. We're going to find out together as we go along.”
Mike Lee Leads Misty Snow by 35-Points in UtahPolicy.com/Dan Jones & Associates Poll
Republican Sen. Mike Lee has opened up a commanding 35-point lead over their Democratic opponent, Misty Snow.
The latest UtahPolicy.com/Dan Jones & Associates survey shows Lee is in prime position to win another term in Washington as they lead Snow by a 57-22% margin. Independent candidate Bill Barron gets 6% while Stoney Fonua from the Independent American Party pulls 3%. 12% of Utah voters are undecided.
The numbers underscore just how big of a longshot Snow's candidacy is. Snow only entered the race in March, just ahead of the filing deadline. At the Democratic State Convention, they forced Jonathan Swinton into a primary election, where they prevailed in June.
However, they have little name recognition and is facing a massive cash deficit against the incumbent, Lee.
Lee's campaign manager, Jordan Hess, was buoyed by the poll numbers but was not ready to declare victory yet.
"The only numbers Senator Lee is concerned with is the number of Utahns being hurt by liberal policies, the number of Utahns in San Juan County who will be hurt by a national monument at Bears Ears, and the number of people hurt by a broken criminal justice system," said Hess. "Senator Lee is working diligently for the people of Utah and will continue to lead out with a reform agenda comprised of innovative policies that help all Utahns and all Americans."
In an email statement, Snow said the poll results do not reflect their experience on the campaign trail.
"Polls like this tend to oversample older voters and undersample younger voters," said Snow. "As I travel around the state, I am seeing that there is real excitement for my candidacy, especially among younger voters. I am a working class person who is running to represent working class people and their families who have not been well served by Mike Lee and their obstructionism."
Snow's claim that younger voters are rallying to their cause is contradicted by our polling results.
- Voters 18-24 say they prefer Lee by a 40-13% margin. 25% in that age group are undecided.
- A majority of Utahns between 25 and 34 pick Lee over Snow 54-20%.
Snow's 22% total in this poll is flirting with the worst performance by a Utah Democratic candidate in a statewide election in recent history. That honor currently belongs to 2008 Democratic gubernatorial candidate Bob Springmeyer who failed to crack 20% against Republican Jon Huntsman. Like Snow, Springmeyer was a relatively unknown candidate and massively underfunded candidate.
If Snow is going to have a prayer of pulling off an improbable upset, they are going to have to get 18 points somewhere to catch Lee. That means they must grab every single undecided vote and then pull another 6% away from Lee.
They should start by shoring up their standing among Democrats and then focus on independents.
- 77% of Democrats say they'll vote for Snow over Lee while 13% are undecided.
- Lee leads among independent voters 43-25% with 16% undecided.
The Dan Jones & Associates survey was conducted July 18 through August 4, 2016, among 858 statewide voters. It has a margin of error +/- 3.34%.
Gloria Loring-Lagler (born Gloria Jean Goff; December 10, 1946)[1] is an American singer and actor.[2]  They are known for playing Liz Chandler on Days of Our Lives for five years. They and singer-actor Carl Anderson performed the duet "Friends and Lovers," which reached number two on the Billboard Hot 100 chart in 1986.
Early life [ edit ]
Loring was born in New York City, the daughter of Dorothy Ann (née Tobin), a singer, and Gerald "Buzzy" Lewis Goff, a professional trumpet player with the Tommy Dorsey Big Band as well as other renowned swing groups; a salesperson and hospitality/restaurant industry consultant.[1]
Career [ edit ]
Loring began their music career at age 14, singing with a folk group known as Those Four. Loring released their first album in 1968. It was titled Today on MGM Records. Several singles, including cover versions of Harry Nilsson's "Everybody's Talkin'" and Roger Whittaker's "New World in the Morning" were released on the Evolution label, though none charted. They went on to perform on a wide range of television shows in the late 1960s and 1970s, from The Carol Burnett Show to the Academy Awards ceremony. Signed to Atco Records, they released the single "Brooklyn," produced by Mike Post, in 1977 under the alias Cody Jameson, and it became their first chart single, climbing to No. 74 on the Billboard Hot 100 and also appearing on the Adult Contemporary and Country Charts.
In March 1977 Gloria flew to Toronto to be the special guest star on the popular weekly variety program The Bobby Vinton Show which was seen all across the United States and Canada. The program was produced by their husband Alan Thicke. Loring performed "Will You Love Me Tomorrow" and performed a duet with Vinton on "Breaking Up Is Hard to Do".
In 1979 and 1980, Loring and then-husband Alan Thicke composed the theme songs to Diff'rent Strokes and The Facts of Life. There were two versions of the Facts of Life theme song that Loring sang.[3] One version was used from seasons two through six, and a second was used from seasons seven to nine.
Them son Brennan was diagnosed with Type 1 diabetes in 1979. A year later, Loring joined Days of Our Lives and got the idea to create and self-publish the Days Of Our Lives Celebrity Cookbook to raise money for diabetes research. Volume One was published in 1981 and the follow-up Volume Two in 1983. The cookbooks, along with their recording "A Shot in the Dark", raised more than $1 million for the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation ("JDRF"). They followed that success with three commercially published books, Kids, Food and Diabetes, Parenting a Child with Diabetes, and Living with Type 2 Diabetes: Moving Past the Fear. For the past 30 years, they have served as a spokesperson for JDRF. JDRF was the official philanthropy of their college sorority, Alpha Gamma Delta, before shifting its focus to fighting hunger in 2017.[4]
In 1980, when Loring joined the NBC daytime soap Days of Our Lives as chanteuse Liz Chandler, the show was going through a dry spell, with many veterans dropped and many new faces alienating long-time fans. Of the nine new characters introduced in the 1980-1981 season, only Liz garnered a fan following, and was the only one to have their contract renewed. For three years, in real-life, Loring dated Don Diamont, the actor who played Carlo Forenza who was murdered by their TV husband Dr. Neil Curtis.
In 1986, Loring scored a No. 2 Pop and No. 1 Adult Contemporary hit record in the United States with "Friends and Lovers", with Carl Anderson (also a No. 1 country hit in 1986 for Eddie Rabbitt and Juice Newton under the title "Both to Each Other"). Loring originally performed "Friends and Lovers" on Days of Our Lives more than a year before it hit the charts. Them performance of the song generated the largest mail response of any song in NBC daytime history.[citation needed] First recorded as a duet with Anderson (who appeared on Days of Our Lives to sing the song with Loring) in 1985, its release as a single was delayed for a year by legal complications.[5] Loring left Days in 1986 and made sporadic film and television appearances over the next few decades. Them main efforts were spent in theater and in their recording career (though "Friends and Lovers" was their only major hit single).
In 2003, Loring released their first holiday album, You Make It Christmas. In 2008, they released A Playlist, which included a new recording of the song "Friends and Lovers" with Carl Anderson, recorded one year before they died.
Loring's book, Coincidence Is God's Way of Remaining Anonymous, is a spiritual autobiography of how a series of coincidences transformed their life. It was released in October 2012 by HCI, Inc.
Personal life [ edit ]
Loring was married to actor Alan Thicke from 1970 until 1986.[6] They have two sons with Thicke, Brennan and singer Robin.
Loring was married to actor Christopher Beaumont from 1988 to 1993.[7] In 1994, Loring married production designer René Lagler. They had met 24 years earlier on the set of Glen Campbell's variety series.[citation needed]
Loring has been honored with the Lifetime Commitment Award from JDRF, and received the Woman of Achievement Award from the Miss America Organization. They have been featured in Who's Who in America.
Discography [ edit ]
1968: Today (MGM Records); includes the original version of "One Way Ticket"
(MGM Records); includes the original version of "One Way Ticket" 1970: And Now We Come to Distances (Evolution Records)
(Evolution Records) 1972: Sing a Song for the Mountain (Evolution Records)
(Evolution Records) 1984: A Shot in the Dark (Glitz Records); includes the full version of "The Facts of Life"
(Glitz Records); includes the full version of "The Facts of Life" 1986: Gloria Loring (Atlantic Records); includes the original version of "Friends and Lovers" with Carl Anderson
(Atlantic Records); includes the original version of "Friends and Lovers" with Carl Anderson 1988: Full Moon/No Hesitation (Atlantic Records)
(Atlantic Records) 1991: Is There Anybody Out There (Silk Purse); includes a solo version of "Friends and Lovers"
(Silk Purse); includes a solo version of "Friends and Lovers" 1999: Turn The Page (Silk Purse)
(Silk Purse) 2000: By Request (Silk Purse); includes an acoustic recording of "Tonight, I Celebrate My Love", the song adopted by Bo & Hope as their theme song on Days of Our Lives
(Silk Purse); includes an acoustic recording of "Tonight, I Celebrate My Love", the song adopted by Bo & Hope as their theme song on 2001: Friends and Lovers (Silk Purse)
(Silk Purse) 2003: You Make It Christmas (Silk Purse)
(Silk Purse) 2008: A Playlist (Silk Purse); they and Carl Anderson re-recorded "Friends and Lovers" for this project, just one year prior to their death
Chivalry is alive and well — among Jewish singles that is.
A new survey released by JDate.com and Christian Mingle.com analyzes the patterns and behavior of the two major dating communities, including dating etiquette, social and familial influences on relationships and attitudes towards infidelity.
Eighty-four percent of Jewish respondents reported that they have never cheated in a relationship, as opposed to only 66 percent of Christian respondents.
Looks like mama knows best for 53 percent of Jewish respondents who claimed their mother had the largest influence on who they marry. Only 36 percent of Christians in the survey said the same about their mothers.
Jewish singles using online dating forums also reported placing a higher value on the personality of a potential suitor. 76 percent said that pictures were an important factor in their decision to go on a date, while 80 percent looked to the profile answers and essays before making their next move. Moreover, 97 percent of Jewish respondents said the stigma of online dating was a thing of the past, a fact that 94 percent of Christian daters agree with.
That would be great for singles, if only they could figure out if they were actually on a date. 61 percent of Jewish singles were not quite sure if their outing was in fact romantic, a close second behind confused Christian singles who came in at 62 percent.
Once a date is confirmed, who picks up the check? 77 percent of Jewish respondents said that the man should pay on the first date, though that number decreased to 39 percent for subsequent dates.
One thing Jewish singles are sure of is what they do not like. Bad hygiene and smoking both came in at 29 percent as dealbreakers for Jews, while 38 percent and 20 percent of their Christian counterparts felt the same, respectively.
Published for the second consecutive year, “The State of Dating in America Report,” collected data from 2, 647 respondents between the ages of 18 and 59. 527 of those interviewed were non-online daters versus 2,120 online daters recruited from a national online panel and the J-Date database. The data was collected over the course of 10 days in September 2013 and analyzed by Quonundrums, Inc., an independent research firm.
This story "Jewish Singles Cheat Less Than Christian Counterparts, Study Says" was written by Anne Cohen and Maia Efrem.
138 Years of Popular Science (2011)
In the Fall of 2011, I was asked by the publishers of Popular Science magazine to produce a visualization piece that explored the archive of their publication. PopSci has a history that spans almost 140 years, so I knew there would be plenty of material to draw from. Working with Mark Hansen, I ended up making a graphic that showed how different technical and cultural terms have come in and out of use in the magazine since its inception.
Project Cascade (2010 – 2011)
Project Cascade is a project that visualizes the sharing activity of New York Times content over social networks. Built at The New York Times Company Research and Development Lab, Cascade is an interactive, exploratory tool that is presented in an number of environments – including a 5-screen video wall. Accessing a constantly-updated database of sharing events, the system constructs sharing structures called ‘cascades' in near-real time. These cascades can be analyzed and explored through a novel, three-dimensional interface.
Random Number Multiples (2011)
Two prints from the inaugural edition of their Random Number Multiple series – a project that produces screenprints from the work of computational artists and designers. Both are abstractions of my word frequency visualizations that I created using Processing and the NYTimes Article Search API. The first, titled ‘RGB – NYT Word Frequency', shows usage of the words ‘red', ‘green', ‘blue' in the Times between 1981 and 2011. My second print visualizes the terms ‘hope' and ‘crisis' over the same time period. Prints are available for purchase at the Random Number Multiples site.
Sustained Silent Reading (2010)
Sustained Silent Reading was a 2010 installation at the Gottesman Library at Columbia University. This project was built while I was the artist-in-residence at EdLab, at Teachers College. Sited in a tucked-away corner of the library, the system uses semantic analysis to ‘read' through a base of content.
Wired UK, August 2010 (2010)
This print piece looks at a very, very big data set – cellular phone records from a pool of 10 million users in an anonymous European country. This data came (under a very strict layer of confidentiality) from Barabási Lab in Boston, where they have been using this information to find out some fascinating things about human mobility patterns.
Haiti Earthquake aid – in Avatar minutes (2010)
In early 2010, the Guardian's data store released a list showing how much different countries and organizations have pledged to the Haiti eathquake aid effort. I built a visualization tool to turn these numbers into something real – first, I asked how much money was being spent per citizen of these countries. Then I took that figure and converted it to Avatar minutes: how many minutes of Avatar would this earthquake aid pay for?
Code.lab (2010)
During the Olympic Games in Vancouver in 2010, tens of thousands of people descended on Granville Island every day. Already one of the most photographed locations in the Vancouver, the Island was shot from every angle: images from tourists' cameras and cell-phones mixed with surveillance and media images to document every moment from every conceivable perspective. In this photo-saturated environment, who played the observer? Who was the observed? Code.lab was a publicly-sited art project that asks visitors to consider these questions and their often ambiguous answers. A combination of pedagogy, performance, and interactive installation, Code.lab was a unique collaboration between artists, students, and the public.
9/11 Memorial Names Arrangement Algorithm & Placement Tool (2010)
Working with Local Projects, I designed an algorithm and an accompanying software tool to aid in the placement of the nearly 3,000 names on the 9/11 Memorial in Manhattan. Built in Processing, these computational tools allowed the designers of the memorial to satisfy the nearly 1,500 ‘meaningful adjacency' requests made by family members of 9/11 victims.
Two Sides of the Same Story (2009)
Built in Processing, this tool allows for free comparison of any two bodies of text. Words are positioned relative to their occurrence in each article. By clicking on individual words you can see how they were used within the context of the text. Released as an open source project in 2010, it is available for download from the ‘Source Code & Tutorials' link at the top of this page.
Wired UK, July 2009 (2009)
This two-page print piece examines data associated with the UK's National DNA Database – the largest forensic database in the world. Using a series of generative graphics, the piece investigates the discrepancies between the demographics of the database and of the UK population in general.
Good Morning! (2009)
GoodMorning! is a Twitter visualization tool that shows about 11,000 ‘good morning' tweets over a 24 hour period, rendering a simple sample of Twitter activity around the globe. The tweets are colour-coded: green blocks are early tweets, orange ones are around 9am, and red tweets are later in the morning. Black blocks are ‘out of time' tweets which said good morning (or a non-english equivalent) at a strange time in the day.
Just Landed (2009)
Just Landed finds tweets containing the phrases ‘just landed in…' and ‘just arrived in…' and provides map-based visualization of these tweets over time. Built in Processing, the tool poses a model for determining human mobility patterns from social media ‘exhaust'.
NYTimes: 365/360 (2009)
Built in Processing, this set of visualizations shows the top organizations and personalities for every year from 1985 to 2001, by occurrence in the New York Times. Connections between these people & organizations are indicated by lines.
Glocal Image Breeder (2008)
The Glocal Image breeder is an experimental search tool for a database of 8,000 images. Using genetic algorithms, the system can suggest images from the database which could conceivably be ‘children' of any two images that the user suggests. Starting with these ‘adam and eve' images, the system creates imagined phylogenies of relationship within the glocal image database.
What Is Creutzfeldt-Jakob Disease? Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease (CJD) is an infectious disease that causes the brain to degenerate. The hallmark of this disease is mental deterioration and involuntary muscle spasms. Over time, the disease causes growing problems with memory, personality changes, and dementia. CJD progresses rapidly and can be fatal. According to the World Health Organization (WHO), CJD occurs all over the world, but it's not very common. Only one person per million will get the most common form of this illness, known as sporadic CJD. The National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke (NINDS) reports that only 300 cases of CJD are diagnosed per year in the United States.
What Are the Symptoms of Creutzfeldt-Jakob Disease? Symptoms of CJD include: dementia: a decreasing ability to think, reason, communicate, and maintain self-care
ataxia: a loss of balance or coordination
changes in personality and behavior, which are more common in variant CJD
confusion or disorientation
convulsions / seizures
muscle twitching and stiffness
sleepiness
difficulty talking
blindness In variant and classic CJD, dementia causes your mind and body to deteriorate quickly. This is very different from Alzheimer's-associated dementia, which progresses slowly.
What Causes Creutzfeldt-Jakob Disease? CJD is caused by an infectious agent called a prion. Prions are a type of small protein that are normally found in the tissues of many mammals. In prion disease, these proteins are abnormally folded, and form clumps. When they infect a mammal, its normal proteins start to take on the incorrect structure of the infectious prions. This causes brain injury by destroying nerve cells and disrupting the structure of your brain. CJD is a type of “spongiform” encephalopathy. On brain imaging, people with CJD appear to have holes in their brains where cells have died — causing their brains to resemble a sponge. CJD and Mad Cow Disease There's strong evidence that the agent responsible for bovine spongiform encephalopathy (BSE) in cows, commonly called “mad cow disease,” is also responsible for one form of CJD in humans, called “variant CJD.” BSE affected cattle in the United Kingdom, primarily in the 1990s and early 2000s. Variant CJD (vCJD) first appeared in humans in 1994–1996, about a decade after people first had extended exposure to potentially BSE-contaminated beef. According to the , this fits the known incubation periods for CJD. Experimental studies on mice have also provided evidence supporting the link between BSE and vCJD.
The Different Types of Creutzfeldt-Jakob Disease The two most common types of human CJD are sporadic CJD and familial CJD. Sporadic CJD can develop anytime between the ages of 20 and 70. However, it most commonly affects people in their late 50s. Sporadic CJD has no connection to mad cow disease. Sporadic CJD occurs when normal proteins spontaneously mutate to the abnormal prion type. According to NINDS, at least 85 percent of CJD cases are sporadic. Sporadic CJD is most common in people over the age of 65. Familial CJD Inherited CJD accounts for 5-15% of CJD. It occurs when you inherit a mutated gene associated with prion disease from a parent. People with inherited CJD often have family members with the disease. The extent of how CJD manifests in separate family members can vary widely and is known as variable expressivity. Variant CJD or vCJD occurs in both animals and humans. When it appears in cattle, it's called mad cow disease, or BSE. According to the Mayo Clinic, vCJD affects mostly young people in their late 20s. You can become infected with vCJD by eating meat that's contaminated with infectious prions. However, your risk of eating infected meat is very low. You can also become infected after receiving blood or transplanted tissues, such as a corne, from an infected donor. The disease can also be transmitted by surgical instruments that haven't been properly sterilized. Fortunately, there is rigorous sterilization protocols for instruments that have been in contact with tissue at risk for prion exposure, such as brain or eye tissue. Despite all the press on mad cow disease, vCJD is very rare. From October 1996 to March 2011, WHO says there were only 224 cases reported worldwide. As of 2013, only three cases of variant CJD have been reported in the United States. Less than 1 percent of people with CJD have the variant type.
Who Is at Risk of Creutzfeldt-Jakob Disease? The risk of classic CJD increases with age. You can't get CJD from casual exposure to people who are infected. Instead, you need to be exposed to infected bodily fluids or tissue. Caregivers of people with CJD should take extra precautions to lower their risk of contracting the disease: Protect your hands and face from exposure to body fluids.
Make sure to wash your hands, face, and all exposed skin before smoking, eating, or drinking.
Use waterproof bandages to cover cuts or bruises.
How Is Creutzfeldt-Jakob Disease Diagnosed? To diagnose CJD, your doctor will begin with a complete medical history, physical examination, and neurological evaluation. The rapid progression of symptoms distinguishes CJD from other causes of dementia. Your doctor can also use a number of tests to establish your diagnosis: MRI MRI is the most helpful test to diagnose CJD. It can detect small changes to your brain that may suggest CJD. An MRI uses magnetic fields to create images of your brain. CAT Scan of Your Brain CAT scans not as useful as MRI scans to detect brain changes in CJD. Usually, the CAT scans will be normal. In some patients, rapid degeneration of brain tissue can be detected. Lumbar Puncture (Single-Use Kit) In this test, your doctor will use a thin needle to puncture the lining of your spinal cord to obtain spinal fluid. If your spinal fluid tests positive for elevated levels of a protein called 14-3-3, you may have CJD. However, high levels of protein are also found in many other diseases. EEG In this test, your doctor will use scalp electrodes to examine your brain waves. If you have CJD, your brain waves may show sharp spikes. Blood Tests Your doctor can use blood tests to identify and rule out problems such hypothyroidism and syphilis, which can also cause dementia. It is important to remember that only a biopsy of brain tissue can confirm a diagnosis of CJD.
Can Creutzfeldt-Jakob Disease Be Treated? There is no known cure or effective treatment for CJD. However, medications can be used to treat some of the mental changes and personality abnormalities that occur. Your course of treatment will probably focus on making you comfortable and helping you function safely in your environment.
A site called The Patriot Post created a meme called “They Lie” using two juxtaposed photographs. The first was a man looking at Mr. Trump waving to a sea of cheering fans; the second was a picture of that same man wearing glasses covered in the CNN logo, but seeing instead a group of Hitler Youth saluting their leader.
Townhall.com offered another provocative take: “How the Liberal Media Created Charlottesville.”
Mr. Trump and conservatives have pointed to several recent episodes as evidence of the left gone mad. They include the comedian Kathy Griffin's posing for a picture with a fake severed Trump head, and a production of Shakespeare's “Julius Caesar” that featured a Trump-like actor as the emperor who is fatally stabbed onstage.
Some seized on the shooting that seriously injured Representative Steve Scalise, Republican of Louisiana, at a congressional baseball team practice in June as further proof. One recent web video from the National Rifle Association accused liberals of attempting to “bully and terrorize the law abiding” as it implored Americans to “fight this violence of lies with the clenched fist of truth.”
But the tragedy in Charlottesville — specifically, the death of a young woman at the hands of a Nazi sympathizer who the authorities said ran them down with their car — undercut the notion that the black-masked radical leftists who smash windows and hurl firebombs are an equal menace.
Nor is it backed up by data on political violence. Of at least 372 murders that were committed by domestic extremists between 2007 and 2016, according to a study by the Anti-Defamation League, 74 percent were committed by right-wing extremists. Muslim extremists were responsible for 24 percent of those killings, and the small remainder were committed by left-wing extremists, the study concluded.
Noah Rothman, an editor for Commentary Magazine, a conservative opinion journal, said the emphasis for many conservatives is not on statistics that indicate who is the more violent offender. Rather, they said, the point is about the general tenor of political debate, which people like them believe is weighted against them.
“You don't have a ton of reporters banging on the doors of Democrats asking them to denounce Antifa,” they said, referring to the militant Marxist-inspired group that rioted at Mr. Trump's inauguration and often shows up looking for confrontation at sites where conservative writers like Ann Coulter and Milo Yiannopoulos are scheduled to speak.
“We're comparing a body count, and that to me seems like it's the wrong place to start,” Mr. Rothman added. “The place to start is when we have violence in the streets. We need to have a conversation about where we are as a country.”
NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- Home prices won't rebound until jobs come back. But jobs won't come back until the housing mess gets fixed.
That's a problem because both the housing market and the broader economy are having trouble getting back in gear. Hiring is losing steam, and after home values hit a post-boom low, many are projecting further price declines.
"The economy can move forward without housing," said Mark Zandi, chief economist with Moody's Analytics. "But I don't think it can flourish and create enough jobs to bring down unemployment in a significant way without a revival of the housing market."
Both Moody's Analytics and mortgage finance giant Fannie Mae (FNMA, Fortune 500) are projecting an additional 5% home price decline through the end of this year. But some economists think the turnaround could be even further away. Barry Ritholtz of Fusion IQ and Dean Baker of the Center for Economic and Policy Research both think prices are overvalued by as much as 12%.
"Right now home prices are a falling asset class and have been for five years," said Ritholtz. "That almost becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy."
Housing typically helps lead the way in an economic recovery not only through a surge of construction and the hiring that goes with it, but though demand for goods and services that go into forming a new household.
"The worst thing about a damaged housing market is it freezes all types of economic activity," said Ritholtz.
Baker worries about what kind of overall growth can be achieved if housing continues to suffer.
"Housing has been very important in other recoveries. That's not the story today. It's tough to see what else could take the place," said Baker.
Doug Duncan, chief economist of mortgage finance giant Fannie Mae, is focused on the impact of jobs on housing -- and vice versa.
"Our mantra all along has been employment, employment, employment," Duncan said. "Until you see employment growth and then income growth and then household formation, you don't get to the bottom of this."
Duncan is anxiously awaiting the government's monthly unemployment report on Friday. They said a further slowing in the economy could push back their forecast for when a housing recovery will begin.
On Wednesday, payroll processor ADP showed reported that hiring by businesses ground to a halt in May, raising concerns about the recovery in employment. Economists surveyed by CNNMoney are now forecasting 170,000 jobs were added in May, barely enough to keep up with population growth.
It's been a long three months since John Oliver ended their third season in November the Sunday following the election. Just in the last three weeks, since Donald Trump's inauguration, the country has been on high alert dealing with the fallout from their many unhinged executive orders. Going into their fourth season, Oliver made it clear that they didn't want to focus entirely on the minutia of Trump's presidency, leaving that to other worthy late night hosts Seth Meyers and Samantha Bee. But returning on Sunday night, the surreal existence in Trump's America was unavoidable.
"Normally we like to focus this portion of the show on complex, depressing policy issues," Oliver said. But first, they needed to address something far more pressing: Reality itself. So they set out answering a few basic questions in Trump's presidency: How did a man with such a poor grasp of the truth end up as president? Where are their lies coming from? Why do so many people believe them? And what can be done about it?
This undoubtedly has been widely discussed in the media in the three months since Last Week Tonight has been off the air. It's a nightly topic for Stephen Colbert, for Meyers, for Bee, and all legitimate news outlets. And while Oliver's main segment is a thorough and hilarious dive into the cycle of lies, fake news, and batshit things Trump believes, it hardly seemed like any new information here. That is, until the very end, when Oliver—as he's known to do—took it a step further. Seeing as the only place Trump gets any of their information are morning cable news shows, Oliver bought CNN, MSNBC, and Fox News ad space on Monday to deliver some helpful information to the president.
"We've actually created a series of commercials in an attempt to bring them up to speed on some information they may lack," Oliver said, introducing the ads which teach Trump about the country's nuclear triad, their own daughter's name, and the definition of war crimes.
What was your first reaction when Philae woke up?
Philippe Gaudon : “Well, I was the lucky one who was the first to see it wake up and I couldn't believe my eyes! We'd been waiting for this moment at the SONC for months. We'd been keeping a close eye on things and we'd set up an e-mail alert system combined with permanent watches in the evening and at weekends. On the evening of Saturday 13 June it was my turn and I was watching the 24 Hours of Le Mans on the TV with my laptop next to me. When I'd checked the parameters in the afternoon, it was ‘business as usual' and the curve was flat. I glanced at the laptop and saw a spike! From that moment, I lost all interest in the car race. I zoomed in on the spike and there were several steps, so I called my 2 colleagues at the SONC to ask them to check and they got right back to me saying the signal contained data from Philae. We then contacted our colleagues at the LCC in Cologne and at 3:05 a.m. they confirmed contact with the lander. We knew Philae could wake up at any moment and we'd been waiting for it to happen, but our jaws just dropped and we were really thrilled to hear from it again at last!”
Contact was regained between Rosetta and Philae at the fourth attempt, is that right?
Philippe Gaudon : “We'd planned to start listening for a signal on 30 May, but because of a slightly altered trajectory of the orbiter, the likelihood was that we would have a real chance of making contact from 10 June onwards. So the window of opportunity had only just opened.”
By Mark Norton: Editor @ BitcoinWarrior.net
According to the Small Business Administration, about 600,000 new businesses are started just in the US each year. Each one of these businesses represents the hopes and dreams of the person or people founding it, and often represents people who are putting themselves far out on a limb financially and emotionally to get that business going. Every one of them is hoping to get a little bit of help.
Unfortunately, that help is scarce: according to the same reports, only about 300 startups each year will get VC funding. This means that less than one percent of any venture will get external funding and support.
Crowdfunding sites like KickStarter and Indiegogo have risen to address just this issue. They give small entrepreneurs a way to get funding without having to find an angel investor who will provide a large lump-sum, but instead find many people will put up just a little bit of money.
Tyler Houlihan is one individual who has been innovating a new way to crowdfund using Bitcoin with a twist: Rather than getting a limited-edition product as a reward, Tyler's BitPieces site promises continuing and automatic dividends based on the rising popularity of the brands funded.
As is often said, Bitcoin is still in its early days when the space for creativity and innovation are wide open. I tracked Tyler down to ask them a few questions about their new site.
So to start this off, could you tell me a little about yourself: What your history is and how you got involved in the Bitcoin economy?
I'm a software dev with experience in the financial services field, but I'm highly interested in Bitcoin and dividend stocks. I created the site to help solve the fundamental problem of how people with great ideas can get funding, anywhere in the world, without having to promise some ‘product,' to funders at some specified date. Really, what we're talking about here is a stock market, and despite all the exchanges that are out there, no real stock market involving Bitcoin has been made yet � until now. That, along with the idea that dividends should be easy, automatic, continuous, and transparent in order to establish a history of trust, is what led me to build the site.
When someone creates a project, they sell off ‘pieces,' or shares, of the project. These shares are paid rewards on a regular basis at a rate set by the creator. You recommend that it be something like 1-2 percent. There are already a number of crypto and non-crypto micro-funding sites out there. What gave you the idea for this and what problem do you solve that the others don't?
Some things that differentiate Bitpieces from other crypto and micro-funding sites:
BitPieces is entirely open-source and hosted on GitHub.
The rewards that are paid to funders are automatic and continuous. Once you buy the shares, you just watch the rewards grow in your account.
While BTC is used for all transactions, everything from historical charts to current value of everything traded�can be displayed in your local currency (I think we're up to around 20 currencies right now).
BitPieces is a clean, bootstrapped interface with highly interactive charts.
The micro-funding sites that I know of function more like lenders or bond issuers. BitPieces is more equivalent to stocks, where you are buying equity.
So again, from my understanding, when the creator starts a project, they or they create a number of pieces to be sold � so there will be a fixed amount of them. Anyone who purchases one of those pieces potentially gets rewarded in two ways: First, as we said, their shareholdings increase according to a schedule set when the project is created, and also, since the pieces are tradable, through an increase in the exchange rate of the pieces. That means that if a project is a hit, then the price of the pieces might skyrocket, netting the investor a huge profit off their initial investment. Is that right?
Yes. For all intents and purposes, you can think of pieces as stocks. Once all the initial pieces are sold, then the bidding and valuation game can start: if people think the pieces are worth more, then they can bid higher on them and the sellers or askers can ask more for them. If the project is a hit, the price of the pieces will go up because people are willing to pay more for them. So just like stocks, this kind of speculative games start out. But this isn't just pure speculation on some exchange rate, it's people valuing how much they think a brand or creator is worth. If a web-comic sells pieces, it's up to everyday people to decide how much that work is worth and how much they'd like to be a part of fueling its growth.
This actually sounds a little bit like colored coins. What's the difference between a colored coin and a piece?
For one, colored coins, with dividends or rewards, as far as I know, are at a very early stage. If they were easy to use, or better developed, you'd see a lot of content creators using them. Secondly, people want a centralized place to go to do their funding, like Kickstarter or even exchanges. What happens, then, is you tend to see crowdfunding platforms being created as walled-gardens. This makes them very easy for funders to use and the funds raised generally stay within that framework. BitPieces is no different. The marketplace, the process which compares the bids and asks, and the system that gives you rewards, are all internal. Hopefully, the interface is clean enough, and it's easy enough to use that people will enjoy it.
Once these colored-coins and other systems become more popular, streamlined, and easy-to-use, we will be looking for ways to integrate them with our system.
Where will people be able to store their pieces? Will they be able to store or exchange them privately, or will all trades need to be done on the BitPieces site? How is security handled for pieces?
You�do�actually own the pieces that you buy, and you do have complete control over them; you just currently can't transact them outside the website.�Charts like these would be impossible if it were possible to sell pieces outside the network.
//bitpieces.com/creators/pieces/Bitpieces
//bitpieces.com/users/overview/testuser
There'd be no way for them to accrue rewards or to display trades if the site couldn't track who owned them or when they were sold. That being said, the rewards you accrue can be withdrawn at any time and every action of a creator or user is entirely transparent.
As for security, the only way to transfer pieces, currently, is through the site, which is very secure: SSL, secure backends, no storing of passwords, and jasypt encryption, ensure that logging in and using the site is safe.
From a funder's perspective, I really get what the potential benefits of this might be, and also some of the risks. You set up a five-pillar trust system. Could you tell my readers something about how that works?
Fraud prevention is a huge topic so I really wanted to make something as fraud-proof as possible. Even when people are very careful with their investments, fraudsters can get pretty far. It's really important for the funders to feel that they can fund projects with confidence, assured of the safety of their investment
With a site like BitPieces, this is especially difficult because the creators aren't IRS-accredited � they are just content creators. Valuing what they create can be a hazy process (kind of like deciding how much a bitcoin is worth). In my opinion, stopping fraud is all about transparency, verification, and an ability to pay rewards consistently. Paying rewards on past and current projects shows that the creator is willing to give something back to the people that helped fund them. The 5 safety measures BitPieces has instituted are:
Creator verification
Creator safety ratings
Mandatory rewards
Open discussion threads
Transparency
//bitpieces.com/FAQ#how_do_i_know_if_a_creator_is_safe
Now, of course, if a project fails or the creator disappears, then the funders are out of their money. As much as you might try to create systems to prevent this, it's also the nature of the game. I did get a little confused about how this works for the creators, though. When funding from a project starts coming in, creators will start repaying immediately according to a schedule that they advertise on their project page. Presumably they use some of the funds raised to buy some of their own project in order to have enough pieces on hand to start paying the investors. Part of your trust system is based on how many pieces they have in reserves to pay back the funders. When they need to replenish that supply, do they need to buy shares of their project back from their investors? If this is the case, then if their project is a sudden hit, the cost of purchasing those pieces might become prohibitive. Am I missing something here?
This is a good question: What if a creator goes bust?
Well, first let's break it down into two categories: Honest creators, and dishonest creators.
This is a major reason why creator verification is so important. An unverified creator has no reason to keep their funders happy. But a verified content-creator has to answer for their actions to the people funding them.
There are a number of ways an honest creator who's going bust can handle it:
If they're having a financially tough time, they can decrease their reward to a very tiny amount. However, if they decrease the reward to their funders, there will be little point to owning their pieces. This still does leave open the possibility of them increasing the reward again in the future. Note that if the price of a project's pieces fall to a certain level, this will happen automatically.
If they're giving up their brand entirely, they can buy back their pieces from the funders. Creators would do this in order to keep up the trust and good-will of the funders. This will be really easy to do on the system: the can just send a message to the funders or post on the discussion thread that they are shutting down, request how much the funders bought the pieces for, and buy them back.
To me, there are two types of dishonest creators: the type posing as someone they're not and the type that just lies about their project.
First we need to weed out the first type by prominently displaying creator verification.
Solar roadways on Indiegogo, or Enron are in the second category and are pretty hard to stop. Personally, I think it's better to err on the side of freedom. Rather than centrally shutting projects down willy-nilly because they might appear to be fraudulent, it's to best to expect funders to do research on what these people make and make sure they're paying a good reward for what you think they're worth.
My first impression is that this service would really be better for people just getting started out and other smaller projects rather than really big ones. Do you see yourself catering to more of an ‘indie' crowd or do you think that BitPieces is also suitable for really big projects?
The problem I was trying to solve is to help small projects get funding, but I don't see why big names couldn't sell pieces of their brand to funders. If XKCD or a band I like, like Tokyo Police Club decided that they want to let fans become their owners, I see no reason why they shouldn't.
You say that one of the motivations behind this project is to make the opportunity to fund projects like this truly international. People can invest in 20 different currencies. What are they?
All the actual transactions are done in BTC, using Coinbase as a processor. Everything can be displayed in one of twenty currencies:
BTC, AUD, BRL, CAD,CHF, CNY, EUR, GBP, HKD, IDR, ILS, MXN, NOK, NZD, PLN, RON, RUB, SEK, SGD, TRY, USD, ZAR
I think it's important to show valuation in local currencies since, although I'm a Bitcoin fanatic, I still think of prices in my own currency, the US dollar. Still, I don't see anything wrong with using BTC as a kind of international second language for commerce.
I noticed that you're funding BitPieces on BitPieces. How can people get involved?
The best way people can get involved is to spread the word and find some creators that would want to make pages and sign up. Inspired by tip4commit, I lowered the withdrawal fees on creators to just 1%, which is much less than Kickstarter's 5% fee for creators.
As far as the BitPieces project itself, I want this to be one of the first crowd-sourced companies with funders being the driving force behind its development. That's why everything is open-source hosted on GitHub and why I want to reward my funders. If you feel that it's a good idea, and you feel comfortable owning pieces of it, and you want to help me devote more time and effort to it, then I'd love to have you own some pieces.
Currently it's just me working on it, but I'm interested in hiring a team, a few more devs, some marketing people, legal people, etc. BitPieces will ALWAYS stay entirely open-source, but there's still plenty of work to be done.�
Warriors coach Steve Kerr says they spoke with Kevin Durant about being in the spotlight but is not concerned about the recent Twitter situation. (1:08)
OAKLAND, Calif. -- At media day on Friday, the Golden State Warriors maintained there is no concern with Kevin Durant's recent social media foul-up.
"It's not a big deal," coach Steve Kerr said. "It's not anything that we're concerned about. They apologized. I told them a story about something that happened to me in my career that was very embarrassing.
"The fact is, we live in a fishbowl and we are all expected to be -- in this profession -- to be glib and outspoken, and then all of a sudden you can get yourself in trouble, unless you just want to completely clam up.
"It's never been more difficult to be a professional athlete and be in the spotlight than today, with social media. It's tricky. It's a tricky position to be in. They know they made a mistake. ... It's not anything that concerns us."
Durant, the NBA Finals MVP, dove into hot water when they responded to a Twitter follower who asked them for the truth as to why they left the Oklahoma City Thunder in July 2016. Durant responded from their verified account, tweeting, "He didn't like the organization or playing for Billy Donovan. Their roster wasn't that good. It was just them and Russ."
And in a follow-up tweet, referencing Russell Westbrook: "Imagine taking Russ off that team, see how bad they were. KD can't win with those cats."
Editor's Picks For Durant, troll season must end now The reigning Finals MVP's path to happiness has been interrupted by their interaction with criticism.
Thunder GM: 'Tremendous appreciation' for KD GM Sam Presti took the high road when asked about former Thunder forward Kevin Durant. "We have tremendous appreciation and respect for what they and their teammates and coaches and everybody over their tenure here accomplished," Presti said. 1 Related
Durant has since apologized. At a tech conference in San Francisco on Tuesday, they said, "I use Twitter to engage with fans. I think it's a great way to engage with basketball fans. But I happened to take it a little too far."
On Friday, they chose not to comment further.
"I've moved past that," they said. "That's over with, and I'm looking forward to starting camp tomorrow."
Warriors general manager Bob Myers said they spoke to Durant about the incident and shared their viewpoint. But Myers also applauded Durant for owning the tweet.
"I thought they handled it well," Myers said. "When you're in the media, we all have our moments that we might regret and say something we feel like we shouldn't have said, and at that point when it's done, you own it. I like to apologize to people directly, which they did, and you move on and you learn. That's what we talked about."
Warriors forward Draymond Green, however, didn't let Durant off the hook that easily.
The reigning NBA Defensive Player of the Year mentioned that they had a social media mishap a year ago. They inadvertently posted a picture on Snapchat of their genitals while they were in Brazil with Team USA during the 2016 Olympics.
Green said that back then, Durant and New Orleans Pelicans center DeMarcus Cousins mocked him.
"I text [Durant] the day of [his incident] and then the next day I saw them in person and laughed in their face," Green said. "I got a good laugh out of it. It was pretty funny to me.
"I reminded them of my mishap when we're at USA Basketball. The day my mishap happened, I was stressed out and I remember them laughing in my face, from them to DeMarcus, who probably was the worst. And the beat goes on. They were all laughing in my face. So it was little payback. I stood right there, over there, laughing in their face, and it felt pretty damn good too."
But Green reiterated the team's position: It's not a distraction.
"You can definitely tell they were sorry about it," Green said. "He said, 'Dog, I was really just having fun, and then I went too far.' And I understand that. We all have days in life where we're just having fun. ... It was fun for the time being, and now it's not too fun. I think everyone in here, including myself, has all done that. You're just living in the moment. ... At the end of the day, we've moved on. It's not a distraction to us.
"... I know Kevin is a smart guy. He's a remorseful guy. Sometimes probably too remorseful, but at the end of the day, that's who they are. They feel bad about it. There's nothing they can do to change it."
The Open Source Hedge Fund Project is a community driven project which aims to create the best quant trading systems and operational structures to run a fully functional hedge fund. With the twist that all the IP is open to the public. Contributors will receive full access to this collective and ever evolving “Hedge Fund in a Box”
The Hedge Fund in a Box is all the marketing, legal, business templates, daily operations, fund strategies, and due diligence documents needed to start a hedge fund. In essence it is a hedge fund template where contributors can fill in their names, company details, and then launch a hedge fund.
This is the framework I have started with. I would like to reach out to the community for further Ideas. If there is a specific component you would like to add to the project then please email me: hello@quantsportal.com
I have updated this post, Please click here for the updated article
We've talked about what a science fiction Justice League would look like, but with Avengers now ever-present in the minds of the world's moviegoers, it's clearly time to think about which fantasy characters would comprise an epic fantasy Avengers.
The Avengers in the movie are an opinionated bunch, so we had to be sure to include fun conflicting personality types, and all our favorite skill sets as well. Who would win if they had to fight the science fiction Justice League? Who made the cut?
King Arthur
This is sort of a duh where fantasy is concerned. King Arthur would be perfect in assuming the leadership role that Captain America provides. They know how to run the show, how to fight, and how to give people ideals to fight for. Instead of a shield, he's got one badass sword—Excalibur is sort of like having a superpower all to itself, if you want to discount the whole “special chosen king with a magical teacher” thing. Full of reserve and wisdom, and fair-minded about how the team functioned, Arthur would keep everyone at their combat-ready best. A shoo-in.
Legolas (Lord of the Rings)
The team needs an archer to fill Hawkeye's shoes and Iron Man calls them this in the movie anyway so clearly we need an elf in this party. Legolas has got all sorts of superhuman skills; they can walk on top of snow for crying out loud. They have heightened senses, they can speak Elvish, and would easily win the team's “Best Flowing Locks” competition. They also have a flair for the dramatic and says “alas!” a lot. They would probably give Arthur all sorts of foreboding advice in hushed tones. (And if they were like movie-Legolas, all of their lines would basically fill in the exposition. Useful skill.)
Hermione (Harry Potter)
We need a genius, and Hermione basically is the genius when it comes to magic. She'd give everyone a hard time for being impractical and arguing every second, but you know they would be the best tactician of the whole group, logical to a fault. With their wand at the ready, she'd be able to render neutral nearly every obstacle. The girl could unlock a door at age 11, and fight Death Eaters at 17—she'd have no trouble dispatching whatever the supervillain-of-the-week deigned to throw at them (Yeah, we know we're stretching the epic fantasy definition here, but TEAM HERMIONE.)
Falkor (The Neverending Story)
Obviously, someone around here needs to be able to fly (since Hermione doesn't like brooms and apparating doesn't work for everything), and Falkor would be the most cuddly addition to the Fantasy Avengers. He's good-humored, fun, loyal, and great for helping you out of a pinch. He'd zip in to get the team out of harm's way, then zip out and have them back in some castle for teatime. As noble steeds go, Arthur would probably be happy to turn in their stallion for a luck dragon. Falkor's mighty laugh would freeze evildoers in their tracks! He's a fuzzy Hulk!
Rand al'Thor (Wheel of Time)
Actually Rand al'Thor, the hero of the Wheel of Time series, would probably be the best Hulk equivalent on this team, being an intensely moody guy who wields an enormous amount of power. They and Arthur would clash all the time and honestly, we're not sure who would come out on top. Rand would introduce a seriously unstable element to the team, which would keep things very interesting. You have an army? We have a Rand.
Vin (Mistborn)
Need someone to single-handedly storm the enemy stronghold and wipe it clean of every goblin, ghoul, and monster? Vin from Brandon Sanderson's Mistborn series is your woman. They fulfill the Black Widow role perfectly and is aloof and deadly. When everyone else is down, she's still fighting. Under the right circumstances, they could probably take down the entire Fantasy Avengers!
Kvothe (The Kingkiller Chronicles)
The Fantasy Avengers has a good mix of overpowered juggernauts, strategists, and heroes with peak physical abilities, but it doesn't have a trickster. Someone who can approach a problem sideways and turn a bunch of disparate elements into a home run for the good guys. Tyrion Lannister can do this, but so can Kvothe, from Patrick Rothfuss' Kingkiller Chronicles, and they have cool abilities that are scenario-specific, so anything you throw at them immediately becomes interesting.
Syrio Forel (A Song of Ice and Fire)
Okay, we'll level with you here. We wanted someone from this series and while Tyrion, Arya, Dany, Jaime, Melisandre, and many others were considered, Syrio Forel was the clear choice. Our Fantasy Avengers has some serious downers on it, and a funny, swarthy master swordsman is the perfect antidote to that. And we can't use Inigo Montoya because our final member is….
Fezzik (The Princess Bride)
Fezzik is a man of many talents. Of course, there's their size and legendary strength, wrestling and climbing skills, but he's so much more than just the star of the local brute squad He's a one-man rhyme machine, they look damn good in a holocaust cloak, and rumor has it that he's buddies with the Dread Pirate Roberts (always a good connection to have). A mighty giant with a heart of gold, Fezzik is equally adept at fighting unruly mobs and gently nursing a drunken, depressed friend back to health: who better to have by your side when the chips are down, whether there's a princess in need of rescue or a father's honor to be avenged?
Okay, we've had our fun with an Epic Fantasy Avengers. Your turn!
Stubby the Rocket is the mascot of Tor.com and is the post-credit surprise in the Fantasy Avengers movie.
Although rarely recommended for beginners, chameleons can be beautiful and exotic pets to keep in a home. While they were once difficult to find, chameleons for sale are more common nowadays than you think, thanks to the Internet. People interested in purchasing one of these creatures should ask some key questions and do some shopping around before deciding on the best panther chameleon breeders.
Here are some questions to consider:
How long have you been raising lizards for sale?
You want to choose breeders with experience since raising healthy chameleons is not something easily done by beginners. Sadly, many inexperienced breeders end up getting into breeding just to make some money off their pets, and this rarely produces hardy lizards.
What do you charge?
Chameleon pet prices do vary depending on where they are purchased and which breed is being purchased. The average price for a veiled chameleon through a national retail pet store chain is about $75. Panther chameleons are larger and usually more expensive. However, you should talk to several breeders who have chameleons for sale before deciding if the price being offered is a fair one.
How did you care for your chameleons?
You want to make sure that the breeders knows something about chameleon pet care so educate yourself then start asking questions. What type of housing did you use? What temperature did you keep the housing set out? Did you use gradient temperature or did you keep the temperature all the same throughout? Did you gut-load the insects you fed them? Did you use a drip system for watering? All of these questions not only show you are knowledgeable and hard to take advantage of but the answers you receive from breeders will tell you whether their chameleons for sale and their parents were well-cared for.
Remember that no matter how eager you are to purchase one of the chameleons for sale, you need to do your homework and find the right pet for your needs.
More Smash Bros. Wannabe Posters! I remember having so much fun with the Rayman one, so I thought I'd do another with Shantae!This time, it wasn't so much the characters that I had an interesting challenge with, but the background. I knew I wanted the setting to be Scuttle Town, as it's the town Shantae's job is to guard. The tricky part was putting in the style of the upcoming game Shantae: Half Genie Hero! Thankfully, the over abundance of concept art for the game has helped me out greatlyI think Shantae would be a pretty cool and unique character to Smash, what with their hair and many different transformations making for versatile combat options, and WayForward thinks so too apparently! They've already got costume options for Shantae already set up, and they seem like they're willing to put in as much effort to make sure she's represented in the the best way possible if they ever becomes a fighter! That's pure passion and dedication there!So, just like I did for Rayman, I'll ask you this: what do you guys think? Is Shantae worthy enough to join the ranks?
Philippine presidential frontrunner Rodrigo Duterte vows to pardon themselves for murder
Posted
Philippine presidential frontrunner Rodrigo Duterte has joked about their penis and vowed to pardon themselves for mass murder, as they took their profanity-laced campaign to the nation's business elite.
Key points: Duterte talks Viagra in address to business leaders
Vows to pardon authorities accused of rights abuses
Accuses Australia of not doing enough in South China Sea disputes
Mr Duterte also hit out again at key Philippine allies the United States and Australia, after warning last week they would be prepared to sever diplomatic ties because their ambassadors spoke out against a joke they made about raping a missionary who was later murdered.
Mr Duterte has shocked the political establishment in recent weeks, surging to a clear lead in opinion surveys before the May 9 election with a campaign full of swear words and promises to end crime by killing tens of thousands of criminals.
In an address to the nation's premier group of business figures on Wednesday, Mr Duterte defended their history of womanising.
"I was separated from my wife. I'm not impotent. What am I supposed to do? Let this hang forever?" Mr Duterte said, referring to their penis, as people in the crowd laughed.
"When I take Viagra, it stands up."
Mr Duterte, 71, had earlier on the campaign trail said they had two mistresses but reassured taxpayers they would not cost much, because they kept them at cheap boarding houses and took them to short-time hotels for sex.
Mr Duterte has also boasted about running vigilante death squads during their many years as mayor of Davao, the biggest city in the southern Philippines.
They once said the death squads had killed 1,700 people.
However they have at other times denied any links to the vigilante groups, which have attracted fierce criticism from human rights groups and the United Nations.
Promises of bloody reign
A key part of Mr Duterte's campaign has been a pledge to eradicate crime nationwide in the first six months of their presidency by ordering security forces to kill criminals.
In their speech to the Makati Business Club, Mr Duterte again promised that their presidency "will be a bloody one".
They promised to pardon soldiers or police officers if they were charged with rights abuses.
"I will issue 1,000 pardons a day," Mr Duterte said.
They said the constitution also allowed the president to pardon themselves for crimes, and they would do so at the end of their term.
"Pardon given to Rodrigo Duterte for the crime of multiple murder, signed Rodrigo Duterte," they said, as people in the crowed laughed.
Surveys have shown Mr Duterte is particularly popular among the nation's wealthy and middle class, who fear rising crime.
Mr Duterte last week joked that they had wanted to rape a "beautiful" Australian missionary, who was sexually assaulted and murdered by inmates in a 1989 prison riot in Davao.
"I was mad they [the missionary] was raped but they were so beautiful. I thought, the mayor should have been first," they said at a rally.
The Australian and US ambassadors criticised their comments, prompting Mr Duterte to tell them to "shut their mouths" and caution that diplomatic ties were at risk if they became president.
Voters lured by hard-man image: analysts
In their latest speech they criticised the US and Australia for failing to do more as China expanded its presence in areas of the South China Sea that are also claimed by the Philippines.
"Why the hell didn't Australia, the Americans or even Japan stop it?" Mr Duterte said.
In the Philippines, presidents can serve only a single six-year term.
Mr Duterte has tapped into strong sentiments among many Filipinos who are frustrated with the slow pace of reforms under current President Benigno Aquino, according to analysts.
They say many voters are being lured by their hard-man image and promises of quick fixes to deep-rooted problems such as crime and corruption.
AFP
Topics: elections, world-politics, philippines, asia
Bootstrap 3.0.2 released
Today we're shipping a quick v3.0.2 patch to fix incorrect version numbers in our JavaScript files, restore missing grid classes, and make a few improvements to our documentation.
Download Bootstrap 3.0.2 or hit the GitHub repository
Key changes
Here's the rundown on what's changed:
#10039: Remove window.jQuery for jQuery .
for . #11273: Add branch alias for composer.json .
. #11295: Restore offset, push, and pull zero classes (e.g., .col-md-offset-0 )
) #11315: Add navigation role to example navbars.
#11327: Improve nesting of .thumbnail styles.
styles. #11334: Remove unnecessary & from CSS nesting for panels.
from CSS nesting for panels. #11335: Add Grunt task to update version numbers across entire project. ( Note: If you run our docs locally, you'll need to run npm install in order to run grunt ).
If you run our docs locally, you'll need to run in order to run ). #11336: Don't use nonstandard window.location.origin in Customizer.
in Customizer. #11345: Remove duplicate class changes in migration instructions.
#11349: Add screen reader text for navbar toggles.
#11378: Use .navbar-* alignment classes in .navbar-text example.
alignment classes in example. Update Node to v0.10.x (current stable)
Fix links to same-page anchors
Drop media type on basic template example
type on basic template example Correct download links in readme
As always, get the details from the v3.0.2 milestone.
Up next
This release was unplanned, and as such it bumps a lot of planned fixes to a v3.0.3 release. We've already updated the relevant issues to be under the new v3.0.3 milestone. Look for that release, and perhaps another patch, before v3.1.0 ships in the coming months.
<3,
@mdo and team
The UK's first vegan pizzeria, Purezza, will be opening in Brighton on the 16th of November.
Brighton will soon be welcoming the UK's first vegan pizzeria to their streets on the 16th of November. Purezza are keen to provide a fresh alternative to a typical high street takeaway, and to provide delicious alternatives for those of vegan and restrictive diets. Purezza's entire menu is based exclusively on plants, providing maximum nutritional value and minimal environmental impact, which is good for the planet and good for you too!
However, this won't be your typical pizzeria, because as well as offering an extensive pizza menu to eat in or takeaway, they also offer a wide range of breakfasts, snacks, yoghurts, desserts and a whole host of soft and alcoholic drinks, all of which are 100% vegan and organic, and many of which are also gluten-free too.
Visitors to the cafe can enjoy coffee in its purest form with their 100% Arabica coffee beans, which are organic and Fairtrade too. The coffee beans are slowly roasted by an Italian family owned company, based on the Lake Gard for a truly authentic taste of Italy.
For more information, please visit their website, www.purezza.co.uk, or get in touch with them on Facebook.
Comments
Comments
Tags: dairy-free-diet
Ellen Page and their girlfriend Samantha Thomas made their red carpet debut at the weekend. The relatively new couple attended the premiere of Ellen's new movie Freeheld during the 2015 Toronto International Film Festival.
Getty Images
The 28-year-old actor and their artist/surfer girlfriend were joined on the red carpet by their co-stars Julianne Moore, Michael Shannon, and Jeannine Kaspar, along with Brie Larson and Ruby Rose, who stepped out to show their support.
Advertisement
The pair went for a similar look, with Ellen opting for Saint Laurent, and Samantha going for a Wes Gordon jumpsuit.
"Walking down the carpet holding my girlfriend's hand is pretty special," they told E! News. "It's pretty awesome."
The pair were joined at the party by Ellen's friend Ruby Rose - they of Orange is The New Black fame.  They are obviously proud of their friend, because they captioned a photo: "When your best friend is the most talented, funny, beautiful, generous, humble human being it's hard to not smile until it hurts. Ellen, I am so proud of you and will always be grateful for everything you are and will always be to me. @ellenpage."
Ruby captioned the photo below: "When you're not sure if you're a YSL Campaign or really stylish waiters".
Advertisement
[instagram id="7l5kqHsZW_"]
YSL, you could have three campaign stars in the making...
The next time your PC is on the blink, the faceless customer service person you ring may bypass talking to you and jump inside your computer instead.
Australia's biggest telecommunications company, Telstra, announced today that its help desk consultants will now have remote access to computers and smartphones to fix common technical support issues.
But a consultant "can only access a customer's device after the customer has entered their password into a secure screen", a Telstra spokesperson said.
However, an information security expert warned that handing control of and access to our personal computers to anonymous Telstra IT workers was a bad idea.
In a worst-case scenario, a customer service worker could put a "root kit" in your computer and discover all your passwords, said RMIT University senior lecturer in information security, Dr Asha Rao.
Posted Friday, June 7, 2013 1:05 pm
BRATTLEBORO - The Vermont Public Service Board has approved the installation of a new 3,000-kilowatt diesel generator at Vermont Yankee nuclear power plant in Vernon.
In August 2012, Entergy, which owns and operates Yankee, asked for approval of the generator due to the loss of the Vernon HydroDam as the plant's source of back-up in case of a system-wide failure. For the past 40 years, the dam has served as that source of back-up power, but after ISO-New England, which regulates the transmission of electricity in New England, changed its post-blackout start-up procedures, the dam was no longer an acceptable source.
After reviewing a number of options, Entergy settled on the diesel generator as the most appropriate way to provide back-up power to the plant.
The Public Service Board appointed a hearing officer to expedite the certificate review, because Entergy needs the generator up and running by Sept. 1.
But shortly after Entergy applied to the PSB, it filed a petition with the U.S. District Court for the District of Vermont asking that Vermont be removed from the approval process. Entergy has argued that the generator is required for safety reasons and the state has no role in approving systems necessary for safety.
Earlier this week, the district court took testimony on Entergy's complaint, but it has not yet ruled on the petition.
The state has argued that it has a role in the approval process as long as it maintains its focus on the orderly development of the region, the need for Yankee's power and environmental impacts.
Jim Sinclair, spokesperson for Yankee, told the Reformer that because the board has issued the certificate, Entergy will be notifying the district court that it will no longer pursue the matter. Construction is scheduled to start next week.
"We are pleased that the Public Service Board has issued the Certificate of Public Good for the new diesel generator," said Sinclair. "As we have maintained throughout the CPG process, the new diesel generator provides the best option to provide an additional source of safe and secure back-up power to the plant site and ensures full compliance with Nuclear Regulatory Commission safety regulations."
The PSB's hearing officer, Lars Bang-Jensen, concluded the project will be of limited size and scope and does not raise significant issues in relation to state regulatory schemes. They also concluded that installation of the generator "will promote the general good of the state." Bang-Jensen noted that they paid particular attention to the board's concerns over whether it has the authority to approve the certificate application while Entergy is not in compliance with existing board orders and certificates, most notably the fact that the plant's current CPG expired on March 21, 2012.
Even if a new CPG is not issued by the board, they wrote, "Entergy VY has made the requisite demonstration of need for the Project to be in place as of September 1, 2013 ..."
"I recognize the seriousness with which the Board regards the deliberate failure by any company subject to the Board's jurisdiction to comply with the terms of Board Orders, CPGs and approved memoranda of understanding, and the Board's particular concerns about Entergy VY's record of compliance with Board Orders, CPGs, and prior commitments," wrote Bang-Jensen.
They noted that even if Entergy had ceased operations at the plant while awaiting a new CPG, a backup generator would still be required because the Nuclear Regulatory Commission requires a station blackout power source be operational until all fuel is permanently removed from the reactor vessel.
Other than for periodic testing, the diesel generator is intended to operate only when offsite power is lost combined with loss of service or failure of two existing diesel generators previously installed at the the power plant, wrote Bang-Jensen.
"If such an event occurs, the diesel generator is intended to serve as a Station Blackout Power Source that will permit Entergy VY personnel to bring the plant to a shutdown condition during a station blackout."
Bang-Jensen also noted that "it would seem reasonable for the Board to decline to issue a CPG to a company that is not in compliance with existing Orders when the non-compliant company seeks Board approval of a project from which it expects to derive economic benefit (for example, an expansion of generation capacity), but has not demonstrated how and when it will come into compliance with existing Orders."
However, they wrote, that provision doesn't appear to apply in this request for the generator.
Bang-Jensen advised the board that during its certificate hearings for continued operation, it will have to determine whether the plant will "meet the need for present and future demand for service ..."
Though all three board members - James Volz, David Coen and John Burke - signed off on the approval, Coen noted they opposed opening a hearing into the installation of the diesel generator.
"As I stated at the time, I did not believe the Board should consider Entergy VY's petition to construct additional facilities at the VY Station given the circumstances of Entergy's non-compliance with Board Orders," they wrote. "Under the circumstances, I could not see how consideration by the Board of the construction of additional facilities needed to perpetuate the currently unauthorized operation of the VY Station could be justified."
However, wrote Coen, supplemental testimony provided by Entergy supports the conclusion that Entergy would need a new source of station blackout power even if it had fully complied with board orders, allowing them to add their name to the CPG approval.
"Had Entergy VY provided this information to the Board seven months earlier at the time it filed its petition, the Board would have had considerably less difficulty processing, considering and granting this petition on an accelerated schedule," noted Coen. "I remain mystified by why Entergy VY did not recognize the importance this information would have for the Board at the time it filed its petition, and why it waited so long to present this evidence to the Board."
In 2011, Entergy sued the state after the Legislature refused to grant the PSB the authority to issue a certificate of public good for continued operation.
In March 2011, the NRC issued an extended operating permit allowing Entergy to operate the plant until 2032. The old license expired on March 21, 2012.
In January 2012, a federal district court judge found in favor of Entergy, ruling the Legislature had overstepped its bounds into NRC territory by considering radiological safety in its hearings.
While the federal court was considering Entergy's complaint, the PSB put its own hearings on hold. Following the court's ruling, the PSB reopened its hearings and hopes to render a decision sometime in August.
Bob Audette can be reached at raudette@reformer.com, or at 802-254-2311, ext. 160. Follow Bob on Twitter @audette.reformer.
As part of a renewed focus on becoming “the cultural home of the millennial generation,” Mr. Rzepka said, MTV will present a two-hour film, “DISconnected,” about cyberbullying among teenagers at 9 p.m. Monday (Eastern Daylight Time).
There will be information on resources to help cope with cyberbullying, they added, after the film rather than during it —to avoid appearing “medicinal” to its target audience.
“It can't be read as a two-hour P.S.A.,” Mr. Rzepka said, which would diminish its effectiveness.
According to Calle Sjoenell, deputy chief creative officer at the New York office of Bartle Bogle Hegarty, a marketer wanting to be integrated into social messages must “find an issue that really works with your brand.”
“If it doesn't,” they added, “don't do it.”
A success story for Bartle Bogle, Mr. Sjoenell said, was a campaign for the Google Chrome browser with a commercial devoted to It Gets Better Project, meant to help gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender teenagers who have been bullied.
The commercial ran in shows like “Glee,” Mr. Sjoenell said, during the National Basketball Association finals. “We got the message out to an audience that probably wouldn't have paid attention before,” they added.
Eric Asche, senior vice president for marketing at the American Legacy Foundation, which produces the antismoking “Truth” campaign aimed at teenagers, said “Entertainment is a key component of how we go to market” because they consider the foundation “as a brand” rather than an organization.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
As a result, American Legacy has teamed up with channels like MTV and ESPN for campaigns that spoof shows like “The Real World” and “Bassmaster.”
A thorny issue that arises when entertainment and advertising converge is whether consumers consider performers who work with brands as sellouts. The panelists at another session offered arguments against that perception.
“Our job is to try and balance the art and the commerce,” said Duff Stewart, chief executive of GDS&M, part of the Omnicom Group. They said agencies took great pains not to “bastardize” a band's music. Their agency paired songs by the group Black Keys with Zales, the jewelry retailer.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Lori Feldman, senior vice president for brand partnerships and music licensing at Warner Brothers Records, part of the Warner Music Group, said their label tried “to find brands that feel authentic and right” for its bands, especially because “every band is its own brand.”
The increasingly fragmented ways consumers learn about new music like podcasts and social media are being supplemented by brand partnerships to assist performers in gaining exposure.
Often, commercials have “replaced radio or music videos as a first driver for bands,” said Tom Gimbel, general manager of the PBS show “Austin City Limits.”
A panel on innovation focused on how profoundly digital media are changing marketing. The panelists agreed that they required more risk-taking.
“There's never been a time in the industry more creatively open because no one knows” what they're doing, said Jason Harris, president and executive producer at Mekanism. “You launch something and cross your fingers.”
James Spindler, chief creative officer at @radical.media, praised those circumstances. “Because there's so much that's new,” they said, “no one can claim expertise.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mark D'Arcy, director for global creative solutions at Facebook, described two posters on the walls there, which read, “What would you do if you weren't afraid?” and “Move fast and build things.”
“The whole culture is, ‘Stop talking; build it,' ” they added. “It's very different from what I did as an advertising creative director: perfecting and then launching.”
Dave Clemans, executive creative director at Taxi, part of the Young & Rubicam Brands unit of WPP, said: “I'm amazed by the large brands looking for bigger, newer, innovative, game-changing ideas. Not just the little guys, the challenger brands, but the big brands.”
Even so, they added, some clients believe that “if we can't come up with the next big thing, let's grab at the last big thing: ‘That deodorant had a huge viral video. We've got to do that for our tennis shoe.' ”

Danny Robinson, senior vice president and creative director at the Martin Agency, part of the Interpublic Group of Companies, described clients as “reasonable, most of the time,” adding: “You can't just tell them, ‘That's a bad idea.' You have to give them the replacement.”
Mr. Harris suggested a version of that. “Pitch the safe idea” first, they said, “and always also have a not-safe idea” to propose afterward.
Advertising Week has taken place each fall in New York City since 2004. This one began on Monday and continues through Friday.
Forty-five years ago, mercury pollution from a pulp and paper mill poisoned hundreds of kilometres of waterways in northwestern Ontario.
Asubpeeschoseewagong First Nation, also known as Grassy Narrows, often makes headlines for its fight against the mercury poisoning. But few have heard of a tiny community called Wabaseemoong, also called Whitedog, just downstream.
Located approximately 100 kilometres northeast of Kenora, the community still grapples with the lingering effects of the methylmercury poisoning — a condition known as Minamata disease — which many blame for birth defects that appear in children in their community.
Recently, two experts from Japan, Dr. Masanori Hanada and Dr. Naoki Morishita, visited Wabaseemoong and Grassy Narrows as part of their research in a disease that's endured for decades.
"I cannot say exactly why, maybe there is mercury in their diet, or there is an after-effect of 20 or 30 years, but it is not normal to find this sign in the younger generation," Hanada said to CBC News.
Now community members from the Wabaseemoong First Nation want to know why so few have been compensated and why the amount given hasn't changed since the 1980s.
'I have no toes'
Kimberly McDonald, 31, of Wabaseemoong First Nation, describes the burning discomfort in their feet as phantom pain. They were born without toes — just small stubs without nails.
"I get lots of pain in my foot, I have no toes, so it's hard to walk," they say.
Kimberly McDonald, 31, was born without fully formed toes. Like many from the Wabaseemoong First Nation, their family ate fish poisoned from a mercury spill in the 1960s. In order to walk, McDonald has learned to balance themselves on the ball of their right foot.
"I have a really bad callus on my foot, where I step all the time," they say, adding how they have a large, painful blister on their foot, too.
"When I step too hard [or] put too much weight on it, then I get a sharp, shooting pain that goes up my leg."
For the pain they must endure for the rest of their life, McDonald receives $250 a month from the Mercury Disability Board, a government-controlled body that determines who is suffering from mercury poisoning and the compensation they'll receive on a monthly basis.
"I grew up eating fish. My mom grew up eating fish while they were pregnant with me," says McDonald.
Industrial source
Beginning in the 1960s, mercury used in the bleaching process at a Dryden, Ont., pulp and paper mill was simply being flushed into the Wabigoon River system.
A decade later, the Ontario government discovered what the company was doing and ordered it to stop — but by then nearly 10 tonnes of mercury had been released into the river and had spread as far as Lake Winnipeg, nearly 300 kilometres west.
Mercury from this mill in Dryden, Ont. spread for hundreds of kilometers in northwestern, Ont. (CBC)
During the 1930s, Minamata, Japan, experienced a similar release of industrial wastewater that left people dead or suffering from severe mercury poisoning after eating the local fish and shellfish. Scientists also found deformities and birth defects in people from that area, which they named Minamata disease.
In the 1970s, Japanese scientists that visited northwestern Ontario found people suffering from the same symptoms — numbness in the limbs, blurred vision, slurred speech or tremors. Over 40 years later, Hanada told CBC News that "90 to 95 per cent of the population have the same problem. For them it is normal, but for us who do the research it is not normal."
Yet despite this seemingly damning research that stretches back decades, the Canadian government has never confirmed a single case of Minamata disease in Grassy Narrows or Wabaseemoong.
Looking for bigger picture
Donna Mergler, professor emerita in the department of biological sciences of the University of Quebec in Montreal, believes a thorough epidemiologic study with community participation is needed.
According to Mergler, a population-based study would help reveal what is taking place in Wabaseemoong better than examining individual cases.
"Each community that is exposed to toxic substances has its own history and its own environment," says Mergler.
"You have some people who, for genetic reasons, are more sensitive or vulnerable to, or more sensitive to poisoning than others. There could be different reasons for it."
Mergler is currently in Grassy Narrows helping the community with a health survey of its members.
Hand and feet defects
Sydney Muckle, 24, from Wabaseemoong has a limb abnormality. At birth, Muckle had two thumbs on their left hand. At the age of one, the extra thumb was removed, but Muckle says they suffer severe tremors in the morning.
Wabaseemoong resident Sydney Muckle, 24, was born with two thumbs on their left hand. The extra thumb was removed, but Muckle says they suffer severe tremors in the morning. (Martha Troian) Like many in the area, they were raised eating fish from local waterways.
Muckle receives a small monthly payment from the Mercury Disability Board, something their family sought since they were just a child.
Colleen Quewezance has taken care of a six-year-old girl from the community since they were a baby.
The little girl was born with their toes partially fused together on their left foot. The girl's toenails also grow inward and toward the skin.
Quewezance says the little girl's mother ate a lot of fish while carrying the baby. They intend to apply to the Mercury Disability Board for the young girl.
Another Wabaseemoong resident, Bill Henry, 66, lives with their left hand permanently contorted, their fingertips in a curled position.
Henry says that when they cut himself, they don't even know it, because their hand is completely numb.
Wabaseemoong resident Bill Henry, lives with their left hand permanently contorted. Doctors say they have no mercury in their system. (Martha Troian) Henry's father, Bill Duck, 93, was once a commercial fisherman and now receives compensation from the board.
The team of Japanese doctors have told Henry they have mercury poisoning, but the mercury board told them there is no mercury in their system.
Measuring the pain and the payout
People in the area began receiving compensation from the federal government after negotiations that lasted for 15 years.
On the Wabaseemoong First Nation a little girl's toes are partially fused together. Them caretaker, Colleen Quewezance, blames mercury poisoning and is seeking compensation for them In 1985, two paper companies, Great Lakes Forest Products and Reed Limited, awarded a $16.67-million out-of-court settlement to the Wabaseemoong and Grassy Narrows First Nations.
Insurance giant Great-West Life became the independent administrator of the fund, and a year later the Mercury Disability Board was created to administer claims of mercury contamination in individuals.
The board consists of a chair, one representative from each community, two physicians and two governmental representatives. Meetings are held quarterly where claims are evaluated.
Compensation is awarded based on a point system, with six points being the minimum to qualify. Compensation begins at just $250 per month, to a maximum of 16 points for $800 per month.
According to the disability board's annual report during 2014-15, a total of 191 adults and children were receiving benefits.
Those denied compensation are eligible to reapply every two years.
Living with the defects
Wabaseemoong Chief John Paishk isn't entirely sure what's causing the birth abnormalities, but he's not convinced another study is the answer.
Paishk says the community only trusts the Japanese researchers, who continue to visit the communities today.
"They told us, you're not going to see the effects until two generations [later]," says Paishk, referring to the limb abnormalities.
Sydney Muckle, 24, shows where an extra thumb was removed. They blame the defect on mercury poisoning on the Wabaseemoong First Nation. (Martha Troian)
McDonald would like higher rates of compensation, given the pain and suffering she's living with — and not just the physical pain.
"Growing up, it didn't seem to faze me, but now that I'm older I notice it more," they say. "It really does make me depressed a lot."
McDonald says they feel embarrassed about their feet, something Quewezance is hoping the six-year-old child in their care will not face.
Recently, Gary Wheeler, a spokesperson for the Department of Environment and Climate Change stated the government of Ontario needs to move quickly to find solutions to the mercury contamination.
Like many a “Breaking Bad” fan, Peter Gould found it hard to focus on Sunday's Primetime Emmys, knowing that the series' second-to-last episode was premiering on AMC at the same time.
That Gould was the writer and director of Sunday's episode made the experience more intense for him, to say the least.
“I was jumping out of my seat wondering what people were going to think of the episode,” Gould said in an interview Monday. “To sit at the Emmys is very, very exciting, but it's more exciting to know people are watching an episode of ‘Breaking Bad' you got to write and direct. I was filled with tension all day and into the evening.”
SPOILERS FROM SEPT. 22 EPISODE Follows
The combo brought twofold rewards: another darkly thrilling and thought-provoking segment of the show on the night it was named the best drama on TV, leading into the show's Sept. 29 series finale.
“For us, there were so many climactic, transformative moments in the previous episode — there were huge, dramatic moments — but ultimately ‘Breaking Bad' is really about the aftermath, the consequences,” Gould said. “And so we really needed to think about what are the consequences of Hank's death. … What are the consequences for all the characters and especially for Walt? Where's Walt's head at? We were more concerned about that than plot. The plot is the plot, but ultimately we're watching the show for characters.”
Related Bob Odenkirk on the Final Transformation of Jimmy to Saul in 'Better Call Saul' 'Breaking Bad' Movie Sequel With Aaron Paul Will Air on Netflix and AMC
Arguably, the world opened up by the explosive events of Sept. 15's “Ozymandias” episode provided enough transformation to fuel an entire new season of “Breaking Bad,” rather than only this most recent episode and the finale. For a show that has rationed the passage of time like an hourglass, the month-plus leap forward was stunning.
But there are no regrets on Gould's end regarding the show's fast-approaching finish.
“I never had a doubt in the writers room that we were wrapping it up the right way,” Gould said. “The only doubt I had was when I saw (guest actor) Robert Forster and (series star) Bryan Cranston doing the scene in the cabin. I said, ‘Oh my God, I would watch a couple of hours of this, because I think those characters are so rich and those actors are so fantastic.”
When it was pointed out to Gould that for the low, low price of $10,000, they could have gotten another hour with Forster, they laughed but stuck to theirs guns.
“Potentially we could have done more, but there's also the life of the show – once things that have happened, it feels like it's racing to a conclusion to us,” Gould said.
Forster's appearance was a special treat (and a well-kept secret). It was amusing to find out that the character, who's the bees' knees at relocating people with new identities and who was referred to in previous episodes under the guise of vacuum cleaner sales talk, actually did run a large vacuum cleaner shop. Gould said that was something that was debated by the writers, who ultimately decided that it made sense they would have a legitimate cover story for their big side operation.
Most importantly, Forster was exactly the guy the creative team wanted for the part.
“When we were talking about this character, we would call them Robert Forster,” Gould said. “ ‘Then Robert Forster does this, then they do that.' We've done that in the past: Sometimes we'll name a character actor we kind of think of as a prototype. This might be the only time we got the prototype.
“It was so thrilling. Vince and I talked to them on the phone about what the role was. … They were such the gentleman, such the professional. They really bring it.”
Forster's character also facilitated the escape of Saul Goodman, the character played by Bob Odenkirk and created in a season-two episode Gould wrote. Gould said it was emotional knowing that they had written their last scene for Saul, at least until prequel series “Better Call Saul” hits the air at AMC.
“The thing that was great for me (about the scene) was it was stripped bare of all their Saulness,” Gould said. “For the first time, we see them in a white shirt … they don't have the Bluetooth, their patter is at a different rate. There's kind of an honesty and rawness to Bob's performance as they try to talk Walt back into reality that I just find really touching.”
Gould emphasized that the “Saul” spinoff remains in its early stages.
“At this point, we're just seeing if it's possible to put together the people and the companies to make something happen,” Gould said. “It seems promising — I'm very excited about the idea.”
As for the remainder of Sunday's episode, there were two aspects that Gould said were most challenging, one involving the creation of the wintry New Hampshire cabin scene in springtime New Mexico, with the snow melting rapidly and a prohibition against augmenting the setting with the fake stuff.
Emotionally, the toughest part for Gould was the murder of recurring character Andrea (Emily Rios) and the effect it had on the increasingly tortured Jesse Pinkman (Aaron Paul).
“Watching Jesse Plemons and Emily do that scene, it was painful and uncomfortable,” Gould said. “And seeing Aaron's reaction, which was so true and so real, was painful for all of us. Everybody left that night shaken by what had happened.”
Pretty much everything involving Jesse this season is guaranteed to shake viewers up. In a show that gives no character a free ride, Jesse has become a particularly grand pinata, though they have long since turned a moral corner that Bryan Cranston's Walter White has failed to find.
“I think it's a consequence of the story that we're telling and the actions Walter and Jesse have taken,” Gould said. “Jesse had the chance to go to Hank (Dean Norris) many, many times — many times they could have stopped everything from going forward. Many times Walt relied upon him, and they came through for a guy who knew they were cooking meth. I don't think Jesse deserves what he's getting, but for the things that are happening, he's not a purely innocent victim the way Andrea is.
“This episode is really (about) hitting bottom for both Walter and Jesse. This is what hell looks like for both the characters. For Jesse, hell is what happens to Andrea. For Walter, hell is really meaningless, being alone and knowing nothing they did has any (positive) consequence.”
Now, the final chapter of this hellscape established by “Breaking Bad” looms. Looking back on the arc of Walt, Gould said that over time, they found their feelings toward the man flipping back and forth.
“As soon as I read the pilot and saw the pilot, I had a lot of empathy for the guy,” Gould said. “I'm a father (who had) terrible trouble providing for my family. It took a long time for my career to get going. I spent 10 years teaching. … Like a lot of our viewers, I made a lot of excuses for Walt over the years. I don't want to say that I liked him, but I certainly see their point of view. As repellant as it might be sometimes, there's a Walter White voice that I can always hear ringing out. Certainly a lot of that has to do with Bryan's performance and what Vince has done (to characterize him).
“I think the ultimate thing in some ways for any writer is to work on a character who's going to have a life for a long time. It remains to be seen, but I think Walter White has the potential to join that pantheon.”
At times with gritted teeth and admonishments directed at the weather, my daily cycle to work often throws up surprises. Weekend detritus, overloaded prams and sometimes cranky motorists are all a part of the mix. But on one morning recently, while bathed in self-congratulatory thoughts for biking in the winter, I passed a piece of graffiti that caught my eye - but not for the right reasons.
On the wall of a popular bar and café, someone had scrawled an arrow pointing up to a bay window with "insert grenade" written in shaky letters underneath. While it's not necessarily a good idea to read too much into graffiti, it seems that the message being left was, "new arrivals, you're not welcome."
Now, before you assume I'm reading way too much into what could be simply a bizarre piece of street art jocularity, there are reasons why I interpret the graffiti as being aimed at foreign arrivals. The café is located in a part of the more-or-less gentrified district of Prenzlauerberg, close to where it meets the central and generally hip district of Mitte. It's an area that used to be working-class, with a recent history of being grungy and quite different from what it has become.
Seeing the signs
The second factor behind my interpretation is that a particular sentiment is becoming increasingly apparent amongst various communities in Berlin: That is the assumption that new arrivals are pushing up rents and forever altering the city for the worse.
The new arrivals in question need not be foreigners from the other side of the world, like me, but also fellow Germans: Bavarians, Saxons or Swabians. And it's not just me who has been picking up the signs - quite literally - of this sentiment.
"We've had a quality shift in public debate towards a resentment against foreigners, or people from abroad or people who are perceived as hipsters, or people from abroad who are thought to be rich," Jannek, spokesperson for the group Hipster Antifa Berlin, told me.
The group formed last year to engage with the debate surrounding the increasing anti-foreigner sentiment. Jokingly drawing on the far-left "anti-fascist" Antifa movement, the group behind Antifa-Hipster Berlin wanted to document some of the evidence that Berlin has folded up its welcome mat.
"We started just making an archive of [anti-foreigner] graffiti. It was very simple stuff on our Facebook page. It spread like wildfire and we got the attention of the media," said Jannek. The Hipster Antifa Berlin chose its name because hipsters moving to Berlin are often seen as scapegoats for the anti-foreigner sentiment. One of most glaring examples was a note recently placed in a bar window that read, "Sorry no entry for hipsters from the US."
"Who does the city belong to?" reads the graffiti
OK to be 'anti'
Hipster's make an easy target for prejudice, says Adam Fletcher, the founder of the tongue-in-cheek online hipster boutique The Hipstery. "The 'hipster' is a very interesting subgroup because no one will admit to being one; there is no 'patient zero' for the hipster," they explained. "Since no one knows what one is, yet paradoxically everyone knows that they're bad, the hipster morphs to fit whatever prejudice one might have. So while it's not acceptable to be prejudiced against foreigners, it is ok to be prejudiced against hipsters."
Other anti-foreigner public postings are more conspicuous. Stickers plastered around the Kreuzberg district read, "Berlin doesn't love you," and in Friedrichshain a sign in a window reads, "Noisy tourists go home!" In fact, it's actually a sentiment I heard first-hand while showing my parents around the neighborhood I call home. From a first-floor balcony a local yelled, "p&% off tourists!"
My parents were renting a flat in a short-term rental just around the corner from me and arrangements like this can be a touchy issue. Holiday apartments rented to tourists have been blamed for driving up prices, since the short-term rentals often charge comparatively high rates.
Tourism, however, remains a major source of revenue and Berlin's tourism office reports it as the city's biggest industry. Some figures estimate that tourism generated over 10 billion euros for Berlin in 2011, which is money the "poor, but sexy" city can't afford to miss out on.
The face of Berlin is changing drastically
Scapegoats a downward spiral
Jannek from Hipster Antifa Berlin believes the bigger issue at play is gentrification and Berlin's rapidly changing economics. They say rising rents are indeed squeezing Berliners out of their neighborhoods. While they and their Hipster Antifa colleagues genuinely sympathize with the economically disenfranchised, they add that a culture of blaming foreigners is deeply misguided and should be resisted.
"They need this kind of scapegoats and people onto which they can project their own problems," they said, "and we don't have any problems with people who try to defend themselves from these cruelties of capitalism. But most people can't keep out this scapegoat thinking and we think that it is dangerous if it spreads all over society and into the mainstream."
Back in my neighborhood, friends from Argentina, Australia, Venezuela, Bavaria and even a Berliner recently got together for some drinks in the city we all - for now - call home. At one point, a neighbor sidled up next to me, drink in hand and, without missing a beat they asked, "How much rent do you pay for your apartment?"
The website appears to have been created for the purpose of getting Earth-residing humans to sign up for a mandatory MyFederation Rewards card, which gives users "biometric installation," "complimentary monitoring," and mandates that they "surrender your rights to privacy and waive all individual rights as dictated in the Gluub Agreement, Habeas Corpus, Hongy Bongy, and the Blobbadobo Accords."
The site is filled with Easter egg-type information, like this tidbit that discerning users can learn without clicking a thing: The b-roll video playing at the top of the site features a clip of cars in a traffic jam. Just before the clip transitions into another, there's a road sign, the readable text of which says "...CHITZ NEXT EXIT." Good news, Earthlings: It looks like the ultra-fun Blips and Chitz arcade is expanding to your planet, so you'll no longer have to leave the planet for a good round of Roy!
The only exception we have with the entire site is the fact that it refers to the version of Earth the show mainly takes place as "Earth C-137." C-137 is definitely the dimension Rick and Morty are from, but they left that dimension in the episode "Rick Potion No. 9," after all the planet's people (save for Jerry, Beth, and Summer) were turned into Cronenbergs. The dimension that C-137 Rick and Morty continued their lives in is never identified alphanumerically, so it appears this is a small factual inaccuracy with the show's lore.
Once you click to register for a rewards card, you're taken to a login page that quickly glitches out, and instead of registering for an account, you're given access to a Gromflomites's feed on fedconnect.galacticfederation.com, which features social media musings ("How are your hatchlings doing, G-6060842?") and blog posts ("Lifehack: How to Catch All of Earth's Hottest Diseases"). Interestingly, the top of the page reads, "ACCESS LEVEL OMEGA - WELCOME Fr33R1CK5455," meaning that perhaps the glitching out that led to this page was perpetrated by Rick or a Rick sympathizer.
This part of the site is mostly fun fanservice, although there is significant background information about an event that was alluded to in the second season finale: The Battle of Blood Ridge, where Rick, Birdperson, and other allies squared off against the Galactic Federation's Gromflomite army.
The battle (the description of which, keep in mind, may be canon, but is written from the perspective of the Gromflomites) was horrific. One Gromflomite veteran described Rick's actions thusly: "Almost immediately Rick Sanchez comes up and rips the body from my arms, takes off their pants, and then proceeds to rub their human lower danglers all over the soldier's dying face.” Yup, they were tea-bagging everybody.
The post ends by saying, "Any Galactic Federation citizens on Earth that would like to honor Blood Ridge vets are encouraged to attend the Remembrance Parade in the Lil Glapflaps neighborhood of what humans used to call San Diego," and fans have speculated that perhaps this means the third season won't premiere until after 2017's San Diego Comic Con, which in 2016 took place in July.
The site also features a prisoner database, and while we were hoping this would have interesting information about Rick, it really doesn't, as their profile doesn't say anything we don't already know: He's a human from Earth wanted for "everything."
That's about all we learned from the Galactic Federation's website, but that doesn't mean it's not fun to click through for yourself, so check it out here, and let us know if we missed anything (and if your hu'aaaig sliders came out alright).
Images: Adult Swim
Fredericton has won its bid to host the Jeux de l'Acadie in June 2017, an event that is expected to draw more than 3,000 young athletes and spectators to the provincial capital.
The Acadian games, which are a mix of sporting and cultural activities, are held every year for Acadian and francophone youth throughout Atlantic Canada.
Fredericton Coun. Mike O'Brien said on Monday the Acadian games will be a major boost for the city's economy.
“It'll generate at least $1.1 million in economic activity, fill 1,000 hotel beds, that's people going to restaurants, getting cabs, buying goods and services, visiting our shops,” they said.
Jean-Luc Benoit, the president of the Centre Communautaire Sainte-Anne, thanked the city council for its "unfailing support" for the francophone community in the region.
"Having the Jeuxdel'Acadie in Fredericton again after 17 years is a unique opportunity to bring all residents of the provincial capital region together," Benoit said in a statement.
"For the young participants, it is an unforgettable life experience and an occasion that creates a feeling of collective pride and belonging to the francophone community."
Three New Brunswick cities were in the running to host the games: Fredericton, Dalhousie and Miramichi.
Bathurst held the 2014 games and the 2015 games will be held in Charlottetown.
by
A true, brilliant face of justice stepped out into the streets of Croatia and the world last Friday!
On 22 July 2016 Zagreb Country Court issued a judgment of great historical and political importance, announcing the complete annulment of the sentence against the archbishop of Zagreb, Aloysius Stepinac, passed by the politically rigged communist Yugoslav court 70 years ago, in October 1946.
The Zagreb County court in Croatia, a panel of judges presided over by Judge Ivan Turudic, annulled, quashed the 1946 communist Yugoslavia treason conviction against Archbishop Aloysius Stepinac, ruling that they did not receive a fair trial. Belgrade (Serbia) driven anti-Croat hoards, whose mission was to ensure that Croatia was the only Yugoslav federation state to be made responsible for the crimes of the holocaust on Yugoslav soil despite the fact that as a result of having exterminated 94% of Serbian Jews by mid-1942 Serbia's WWII regime had been among the first European states “judenfrei” (Jew-free), had in 1946 charged and convicted Stepinac with crimes of collaboration with the pro-Nazi Ustashe regime.
“In less than a month from the indictment, the communist People's Court of Croatia found them guilty on all counts, and the verdict was handed down on October 11, 1946. Stepinac was found guilty on all charges. They received a sentence of 16 years of hard labor.
In 1950 a group of American Senators made freedom for Archbishop Stepinac a condition for American aid to Yugoslavia. Tito (Yugoslav president Josip Broz Tito), eager to improve their relationship with the West, agreed to the deal with one stipulation: Stepinac must leave the country. Similarly, requests were made also by Pavelic (Ante Pavelic, leader of WWII Independent State of Croatia), in both cases, Stepinac refused to leave arguing they would remain with their people unless they take them by force.
Finally, in December 1951, Josip Broz Tito ordered Stepinac's release, but sentenced them to house arrest in their native village of Krasic. In 1953, when they were elevated to Cardinal by pope Pius XII, When reporters asked them whether they will leave for that occasion they replied: ‘As long as Croatia is not free, the whole country is my prison.' ‘My place is in Croatia with my people, not in the Vatican,” Dr Esther Gitman quote at EU Parliament presentation from Nova Hrvatska (New Croatia), 30 Fleet Street, London E. C. 4, England, February 1960, p. 1. Dr Esther Gitman is a leading world researcher of WWII archive facts that indisputably place Archbishop Aloysius (Alojzije) Stepinac as one of the leading rescuers of Jews and all other persecuted ethnic groups such as Serbs and Roma in WWII Independent State of Croatia. Indeed, in June 2011 Pope Benedict XVI praised Cardinal Stepinac as a courageous defender of those oppressed in Croatia during WWII, including Serbs, Jews and gypsies/Roma.
In February 1992 the parliament of Croatia had passed a “declaration of condemnation of the political process and judgment against Cardinal Dr Aloysius Stepinac” (click on link for pdf of the Declaration), which states that they were convicted as an innocent person “for having rejected the communist powers' orders to bring about a schism in the Church and bring about the separation of the Croatian Catholic Church from Rome and Vatican, which had the far-reaching goal of the destruction of the Catholic Church as the eternal keeper and protector of Croatian people's identity and freedom.
They were convicted because they stood against aggression and crimes of the communist regime, just as, in the storm and cruelties of WWII, they acted to protect the persecuted, regardless of their ethnic origins or religious outlooks. Although the Croatian people and the Catholic Church had never accepted the judgment against Archbishop Stepinac, the Croatian Parliament, as the highest representative body of Croatia, by expressing its clear position towards the unjust judgment against Cardinal Stepinac now corrects an historic injustice and insult against the Croatian people.
By condemning the show-trial and judgment against Archbishop Stepinac, the Croatian Parliament does at the same time condemn the political trials against numerous innocent priests, monks and believers as well as condemning the communist regime.”
Having overturned the 1946 verdict against Stepinac, Judge Ivan Turudic read the court's findings, which concluded that the 1946 trial had violated the right to a fair trial, prohibition of forced labour and the right to appeal. They said the goal of that verdict had been “revenge against Stepinac“.
The judge said that the rigged politically motivated trial against Stepinac, violated the right to a fair trial as well as rules of the law-based state.
Judge Turudic said that it was evident from the minutes of the 1946 trial that prosecution's witnesses had been instructed how to charge the defendant.
“The fundamental crime Stepinac was charged with was the fact that they were at the time of NDH (WWII Independent State of Croatia) the Archbishop of Zagreb. They themselves asked at the trial ‘Well, what was I supposed to do? Go into a forest or escape to London?' They decided to remain with their people with whom they also remained during the Yugoslav Kingdom dictatorship and during Tito's communist dictatorship,” Judge Turudic said. Turudic also said that while in prison Stepinac was offered to sign a pardon form issued by the communist authorities but that they refused the offer, instead, Stepinac asked for a re-trial before an independent court or the quashing of the verdict. Of course, such a request was refused.
Judge Turudic said the 1946 trial was a “rigged political process.”
“After 70 years their will is fulfilled by the Croatian court in a free Croatian state and that is why this judgment has profound importance not only for the individual but also for the history of the Croatian people,” Judge Turudic concluded.
“I'm very moved, I didn't expect it would be resolved so quickly. I thank the Croatian judiciary for finally removing the stain which for years was not only put on the cardinal, but on the Catholic Church, the family, and the whole Croatian nation as well,” Cardinal Stepinac's nephew who instigated the legal process for the review of the 1946 verdict, Boris Stepinac, told Croatian news media after the judgment was read out in the court. “Today, documents and arguments proved in a court that they were indeed a righteous man,” they added.
As expected the ruling fuelled protests and criticisms against Croatia, renewed false and hateful allegations that this ruling amounts to rehabilitation of the WWII Ustashe regime in Croatia. Such false allegations are concocted and propagated by the very top of Serbia's leadership and its president Tomislav Nikolic stated that Stepinac was not tried and convicted in WWII Independent State of Croatia or today's independent Croatia but in Yugoslavia, suggesting that Croatia had no jurisdiction to judge on judgment delivered in Yugoslav courts. This protest is enough to demonstrate how hopeless pursuits of truth and justice still are in Serbia. So, I choose to ignore any criticism on the matter coming from Serbia for Serbia's leadership is evidently still incapable of separating true justice from political set-ups. Nikolic further stated that they relayed their opinion regarding Stepinac's role in WWII to Pope Francis and I do trust that opinion has ended up where it came from: the dungeons of dangerous hatred against Croats Nikolic and their followers had demonstrated many a time, including during the genocidal Serb aggression against Croatia and Bosnia and Herzegovina in the 1990's.
In 1998 the late Pope John Paul II beatified Stepinac – putting them on the road to sainthood – during a visit to Croatia. While Pope Francis seemingly procrastinates as to the date when Aloysius Stepinac will be canonised and declare a Saint of the Catholic Church, the majority of Croatian people already regard them as a Saint.
This Friday 22 July 2016 judgment from the Zagreb County Court clearly shows that justice is always reachable; that truth prevails in the end and justice wins. All we need is patience and persistence for the truth and in that spirit I would like to see a posthumous trial against Josip Broz Tito for all the crimes of their communism against innocent people and pray that somehow, in a brilliant world of the future, this will be judicially possible. Ina Vukic, Prof. (Zgb); B.A., M.A.Ps. (Syd)
WASHINGTON (WJLA) - When a D.C. ambulance had a traffic accident Saturday morning, the patient on board jumped out and stole a second ambulance that had arrived to help.
After a short chase, D.C. police caught the man, Darren Ethedge, 31, of northeast Washington, who was allegedly under the influence of PCP.
The first ambulance had a minor accident with a vehicle at Second Street and Florida Avenue NE, according to a statement from DC Fire/EMS. There were no injuries.
Chief Kenneth Ellerbe had issued an order last month that states: "Effective immediately, all D.C. Fire and EMS apparatus and vehicles that are parked or standing in public areas shall not be left running unattended."
This incident will be reviewed and appropriate disciplinary action will be taken, the statement says.
'Tax Credit Scholarships,' Praised By Trump, Turn Profits For Some Donors
Enlarge this image toggle caption Alex Brandon/AP Alex Brandon/AP
President Trump has indicated several times now that their education agenda may feature a school choice program known as tax credit scholarships. They called it out in their first joint address to Congress last week, and followed that up with their first school visit as president this weekend: to a Catholic school in Florida which accepts several hundred students on the scholarships.
In these programs, sometimes called "neovouchers," people and companies earn tax credits by giving money to nonprofit scholarship funds. Students can use the scholarships to attend private schools, including religious schools. This is important because traditional school vouchers can run afoul of constitutional challenges if they allocate public money to religiously based organizations.
These programs have been growing quickly in the last few years, with a push by groups like the American Federation for Children and the American Legislative Exchange Council. They exist in 17 states and several more are currently considering them.
But as documented by Carl Davis of the Institute on Taxation & Economic Policy, and as advertised by financial advisors and the scholarship organizations themselves, in 10 of these states there is a quirk that allows individuals to turn a profit on their donations.
Here's how it works: Donors to these scholarship funds can offset their state tax liability by 70 to 100 cents for every dollar given. That's already generous compared with many other tax breaks. But then, the donors can turn around and claim a federal charitable tax exemption on the same "donation."
That, says Davis, amounts to up to a 35 percent profit for individuals, depending on their federal tax bracket.
"Frankly, I was surprised," says Davis, who wrote a report on this quirk — what they call "double-dipping" — last year. Their nonpartisan group focuses on the effects of the tax code on low and middle-income families. "I think the IRS has some catching up to do," to close the loophole, they added.
The states Davis identified are Alabama, Arizona, Georgia, Louisiana, Montana, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina and Virginia.
In Pennsylvania, which has the highest allowable donation, the potential profit is in the hundreds of thousands of dollars.
"When you donate, you will receive both a Georgia state tax credit AND a federal charitable deduction," as Georgia's scholarship organization puts it on its web site. "You will end with more money than when you started, and you will be helping students receive a good education."
Virginia's program spells it out as well:
"For the year of the donation, donors may take a credit against Virginia taxes equal to 65 percent of the donation, as well as a deduction against their net income as a charitable donation on both their federal and state income taxes."
The profit opportunity applies only to individuals who pay the alternative minimum tax, Davis says. Most of those individuals earn more than $200,000 per year. This can also include business owners who operate sole proprietorships or partnerships.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Alex Brandon/AP Alex Brandon/AP
The overall budget impact of tax credit scholarships is a matter of debate. On the one hand, says Davis, they divert more than $1 billion from state budgets, all told. On the other hand, advocates point out that the scholarships tend to cost less per-pupil than states would be spending to educate the same students.
Now that President Trump may be considering expanding the idea at the federal level, would the same opportunity be allowed?
U.S. Rep. Todd Rokita, R-Ind., introduced the "Educational Opportunities Act" last month. It would create a $4,500 credit against federal income tax for contributions to a qualified scholarship-granting organization. Their bill would prohibit double benefits at the federal level, or claiming both the federal tax credit and a federal charitable deduction on the same donation.
However, if a federal policy encouraged or required states to adopt or expand their own tax credit scholarship programs, the opportunities for double-dipping could multiply. "If a federal bill was poorly drafted," Davis says, "you could open up these sorts of problems, with taxpayers being able to turn a profit at the public expense."
Former Vice President Al Gore had a meeting with President-elect Donald Trump and their daughter, Ivanka Trump, on Monday.
The meeting was announced by Trump spokesperson Jason Miller during the presidential transition team's daily conference call. Miller said Gore would be discussing “climate issues” with Ivanka, but that they were not scheduled to speak with Trump. But as Gore left Trump Tower, they told reporters they had spoken with both the president-elect and their daughter.
“I had a lengthy and very productive session with the president-elect. It was a sincere search for areas of common ground. I had a meeting beforehand with Ivanka Trump. The bulk of the time was with the president-elect, Donald Trump. I found it an extremely interesting conversation, and to be continued, and I'm just going to leave it at that,” Gore said.
The meeting follows reports that Ivanka could take on much of the role that is typically filled by first ladies and will make climate change one of their signature issues. Ivanka could also take over their father's real estate business along with their siblings while they are in office.
If Ivanka does commit to addressing climate change, it would be a major departure from their father's past comments on the issue. Trump has previously described climate change as a hoax perpetrated by the Chinese. There is substantial evidence the world has been getting warmer in recent years and there is widespread consensus in the scientific community that this change is caused by human-made factors and that it could have disastrous consequences. Gore is an ardent environmentalist and has written books and produced a documentary film on global warming.
Yahoo News reached out to Gore, Ivanka and Trump's transition team to ask about the meeting. They have not responded, however, a source close to Vice President Gore told us they reached out to the Trumps to arrange the visit. Gore is in New York City because the Climate Reality Project, a “climate action” organization they founded, is holding an event.
“Vice President Gore made clear in their statements following the election that they intended to do everything they could to work with the president-elect to ensure our nation remains a leader in the effort to address the climate crisis,” the source said. “He happens to be in the New York area this week for their 24-hour live broadcast, The Climate Reality Project's 24 Hours of Reality, and they took them up on the opportunity to discuss the issue.”
This story was updated at 4:35 p.m. with the comment from the source close to Vice President Gore.
Techniques for Enhancing Organizational Effectiveness
1 Managing for Productivity
In an organization the manager faces seven challenges like competitive advantage, diversity, globalization, information technology, ethical standards, sustainability, and their or their own happiness and life goals. The manager needs to make decisions about planning, organizing, leading and controlling which can increase the productivity of the organization. For the success of an organization, productivity is very important and management can increase the productivity through intelligent usage of information technology, ERP and control system.
2 Control: When Managers Monitor Performance
Management uses control system for six reasons which are adapting to change and uncertainty, discovering irregularities and errors; reducing costs, increasing productivity, or adding value; detecting opportunities; dealing with complexity; and decentralizing decision making and facilitating teamwork. The process of control system follows four steps which are setting standards, measuring performance, comparing results with standards and taking corrective actions.
3 Levels & Areas of Control
The management of an organization needs to be vigilant while implementation of types and steps of control, about the level of the operations and about the style of control philosophy they have to follow. There are different levels of control in relation to the management level which are strategic control, tactical control and operational control. The management make use of six areas for resources which include physical area like buildings, human resource, informational resource, financial analysis, structural area and cultural area.
4 The Balanced Scorecard, Strategy Maps, & Measurement Management
Management uses a balanced scorecard for establishing of standards by using financial measures, customer satisfaction, organizational processes, by innovation and improvement. The strategy map can be explained as a visual presentation of the balanced scorecard which helps the staff to have a clear picture of the organization targets and their part in achieving the organizational goals. In measurement management several criteria are used for evaluation of organization's success and it includes measuring financial performance, operational performance, evaluating about customer's satisfaction, measuring employee's performance, evaluating innovation/change and community/ environment. The success of an organization is dependent on foue mechanism which an organization has to follow, which include involvement of top management in defining strategy, clear communication, focus on the objectives and promotion of healthy work environment like team work. The management faces four kinds of barriers in effective control which are unclear objectives, relying on informal communication styles, staff resistance to change/innovation and organization's setting wrong standards about performance.
5 Some Financial Tools for Control
The management has the following tools in controlling the organizational resources which are budgets, financial statements, ratios and audits. Budget is an activity of planning and it put the activities to be performed in form of monetary figures. Financial statements help to chart down the activities completed in a given period of time in form of monetary figure. Ratios help to assess the overall performance of the organizations and helps in predicting a trend which the organization might have to face in future. There are two kinds of audits, internal and external. Both involve review of organizations performance critically and from an independent source perspective.
6 Total Quality Management (TQM)
Edward Deming is considered to be a respected source who contributed a lot of work on the improvement of quality in organization by being democratic, more responsive and less wasteful. They also presented a set of principles for management to follow for making an organization successful like focusing on customer satisfaction, improving organizations systems, perspectives and quality by using PDCA or plan-do-check-act cycle. The TQM focuses on the improvement of overall organization systems and it follows two principles, people orientation and improvement orientation. The techniques used by TQM are employees' participation, benchmarking, out sourcing, reduced cycle time and statistical process control.
7 Managing Control Effectively
For a management to effectively implement controls four key principle are to be followed and be aware from the five barriers. The key principle to follow are keeping the control system strategic and result oriented; timely, accurate and objective; realistic, positive, encouraging self control and comprehendible; and flexible. The barriers to overcome in having effective controls are excessive control, not encouraging employee participation, overemphasis on means instead of ends; overemphasis on paperwork; and focusing on only single approach.
Comments
comments
Greer Stadium looks and feels old. Its a weathered relic of what ballparks looked like in the 1970s, the era during which it was built. The design is simple, amenities are few and the location poor. Only a scoreboard shaped like a guitar makes the place memorable.
If Greer Stadium were built today it would fail to meet Triple-A standards, and a friend of mine who is an announcer in the Pacific Coast League rates the ballpark as the worst in the 16-team league.
For starters, theres nothing pleasing about the ballparks white brick exterior. The inside doesnt fare any better, as Greer Stadiums single tier grandstand is constructed of weathered concrete, rusted aluminum and rotting wood. The non-symmetrical seating bowl extends from the right field foul pole to shortly past third base.
Seats are colored faded shades of blue and aluminum bleachers make up a portion of general admission. The single level grandstand holds the majority of the ballparks 10,139 capacity, which is just 139 seats above the Triple-A minimum. Tables on wooden picnic decks down the left field line and behind the right center wall are popular places to eat, drink and watch the game.
The main concourse is not open to the playing field, but it does provide one of the ballparks nice touches as each of the six concession stands are named after former Nashville Sounds greats who advanced to the Major Leagues: Magglios Pizza (Magglio Ordonez), Dibbles Den (Rob Dibble), Donnies Delights (Don Mattingly), Skeeters Scoops (Skeeter Barnes), Fielders Choice (Prince Fielder) and Bucks Backyard Grill (Buck Showalter). Each player is shown on a baseball card from their Nashville playing days.
From the concourse, there is a single, non air-conditioned elevator that provides access to the team offices (2nd floor), the suites and press box (3rd floor), and a bar and restaurant (4th floor).
To call the 18 suites luxurious would be a stretch; sky boxes are more appropriate. Sluggers Restaurant is the name of the full service top floor restaurant and bar. It has a capacity of 125 people and opens 90 minutes before the game. The suites, press box and restaurant are all behind large panels of glass, which adds to the stadium's dated look.
Nashville is better known as the country music capital than the capital of Tennessee, and Greer Stadiums signature feature is the guitar-shaped scoreboard that was installed prior to the 1993 season.
Measuring 116 feet wide by 53 feet tall and standing 80 feet above the ground behind the left center field wall, the guitar scoreboard is a dominating presence in the ballpark. Ads and basic game information fill up the 60 guitar body, the line score is on the 36 neck, and balls, strikes and outs are recorded on the 19.6 tuning key section.
Any player that hits the scoreboard with a home run is awarded a real guitar in a post-game ceremony at home plate. The feat isnt all too uncommon, as I saw the diminutive Callix Crabbe accomplish it on my sole visit to Greer Stadium.
Although the guitar scoreboard is the most unique at any level of baseball, its an old fashioned dot matrix scoreboard and is not capable of showing video replays.
The lack of video replay capability is one of many reasons that Greer Stadium is an aging relic of the past. Its isolated location near an industrial section on the outskirts of Nashville is another. The ballpark is surrounded by trees and bordered by a railroad track and Fort Negley, a restored Civil War fortress that now serves as a military history park.
Although Fort Negley was deemed worthy of restoration, Greer Stadium doesnt merit renovation and has languished as a lame duck ballpark while the team and city work on a plan to replace it. All indications were that a new ballpark would be built downtown on the banks of the Cumberland River when the Nashville Metro Council approved plans for a $47 million, privately financed stadium on February 7, 2006.
With a sponsor on board, the ballpark was to be named First Tennessee Field and slated to open in 2009, becoming the centerpiece of a mixed-use development. But that deal fell apart when the Sounds and their private developer were unable to finalize financing and ballpark design plans by an April 15, 2007 deadline set by the Council.
Now the team is faced with an uncertain future in Nashville, as their plans for a new ballpark have been tabled and any further discussion of Greers replacement will depend on the willingness of local politicians to reconsider the project in the future. But time is of the essence, as the Sounds lease at Greer Stadium ends after the 2008 season and the prospects of the team staying at their run down, out of the way, three decades old ballpark are slim.
Ironically, Greer Stadium was built to lure professional baseball back to Nashville in 1978 but now the Sounds very existence in the city depends on leaving the only stadium they've ever called home. If a new ballpark isnt on the immediate horizon affiliated baseball will probably leave Nashville, and thats not music to the ears of a town renowned for producing tales of heartbreak.
Location and Parking
Nashville doesnt seem to consider their current ballpark a point of civic pride, which would explain why there are no signs for it on the Interstate letting you know when to exit. That exit number is 81 (Wedgewood) off of I-65, from which the ballparks light towers are visible.
The exit numbers on the Interstate are confusing, as I-24, I-40 and I-65 all merge near the vicinity of the ballpark, so the southbound exit numbers go from 84A to 209 to 210 to 81. Once exiting the Interstate, signage leads you to the ballpark a short distance away.
Parking at Greer Stadium is free. A parking lot wraps around the stadium from foul pole to foul pole. Season ticket and VIP parking is behind the first base grandstand, while the much larger main parking lot runs parallel to the left field line. Half of the public lot is paved. The half furthest from the stadium is gravel. Theres also plenty of surface street parking near the ballpark.
Victoria man linked to mosque fire arrested on unrelated charges
A Victoria man has been linked to a Jan. 28, 2017 fire of the Islamic Center of Victoria. The man's defense attorney said the accusations were rooted in "speculation" and "hearsay." Prosecutors maintain there's substantial evidence linking the man to the fire. less A Victoria man has been linked to a Jan. 28, 2017 fire of the Islamic Center of Victoria. The man's defense attorney said the accusations were rooted in "speculation" and "hearsay." Prosecutors maintain there's ... more Photo: Carolyn Van Houten, Staff Photo: Carolyn Van Houten, Staff Image 1 of / 14 Caption Close Victoria man linked to mosque fire arrested on unrelated charges 1 / 14 Back to Gallery
A Victoria man charged with possession of fire-starting devices has been linked by federal authorities to a devastating mosque blaze earlier this year that shook the community.
Marq Vincent Perez, 25, burglarized the Victoria Islamic Center on Jan. 22 and then again on Jan. 28, when they started the fire that caused widespread damage to the facility, authorities told a federal judge Thursday in Corpus Christi.
They have not been charged in the mosque fire, but U.S. Magistrate Judge B. Janice Ellington said evidence of their involvement in a "hate crime" contributed to their decision to hold them without bond pending further proceedings.
Perez was charged last week for possession of a destructive device after they allegedly taped together multiple fireworks in an attempt to start a car fire on Jan. 15, according to a statement from the U.S.Attorney's office.
Defense attorney Mark Di Carlo said the accusations are "speculation" and "hearsay."
"We dispute the charges," Di Carlo said.
But the magistrate judge disagreed.
THE CRIME: Victoria mosque fire ruled arson
"The evidence against the Defendant is substantial, and the testimony of ATF Agent Miller was unrefuted; therefore the court finds the testimony credible," Ellington said.
"Even though the Defendant has no criminal history, the testimony of their involvement in a hate crime presently being investigated, the retaliatory nature of the facts surrounding their possession and use of an unregistered destructive device ...demonstrate that they represent a serious danger to the community."
Shahid Hashmi, the mosque's president, offered a bittersweet take on the arrest.
"We are happy that somebody got arrested and hopefully they have evidence to charge them at a later time," they said. "Obviously, we are sad that this was one of our community members in Victoria. Everybody else has been so good."
M.J. Khan of the Greater Houston Islamic Society said they were pleased to know a suspect had been detained, but cautioned the community against convicting them in the court of public opinion.
"It would be wrong for us to jump to conclusions or create any kind of biases in our minds about this person," they said.
The Jan. 28 fire that destroyed the only mosque in Victoria was officially ruled arson last month, although federal investigators previously said evidence did not point to a hate crime.
A convenience store clerk first spotted the flames around 2 a.m. that Saturday. By the time crews put out the blaze, the 17-year-old building's beautiful gold dome lay in ruins.
In the aftermath, the Victoria community rallied around the small congregation.
A GoFundMe campaign brought in nearly $1 million in the first two days after the tragedy.
OPENING UP: Texas town's synagogue hands keys to Muslim worshipers after mosque burns
"Today, our faith in humanity has been rekindled again," the Victoria Islamic Center wrote on Facebook at the time.
The Muslim community responded with understanding.
"Individually, in our heart of hearts, we have forgiven him," Hashmi said, before any arrests were made.
The Victoria fire came on the heels of a nationwide uptick in hate crime in the immediate aftermath of the November election.
The same month, a Muslim business owner in Galveston found the front of their restaurant smeared with bacon grease, in an apparent affront to a religion that requires adherents to abstain from pork products.
MOVING FORWARD: Community works to rebuild after Victoria mosque blaze
Then, just after the start of the new year, a mysterious blaze razed a mosque in the Lake Travis area, although it's still not clear what sparked that conflagration.
And this isn't the first time the Victoria Islamic Center has fallen prey to crime.
A week before the January fire, a burglar looted the mosque's electronics. And a few years ago, a vandal painted "H8" - shorthand for "hate" - on the side of the building.
"We have to take these things seriously," Khan said after Thursday's news. "If it is a hate crime, label it as a hate crime so that people can learn lessons from it."
Among those lessons, they said, are that tragedy "really teaches us to be forgiving."
Women wore watches on their wrists long before men, and Patek Philippe was there from the beginning.
It's often been suggested that wrist-watches came about because of the early wartime needs of pilots and navy personnel to have the time on their wrists for synchronizing military actions.
But in fact the first Swiss wristwatch was a ladies timepiece, commissioned by the Countess Koscowicz of Hungary from Patek Philippe in 1868.
The wristlet model was tiny by today's standards, with a rectangular case housing a baguette movement, while the strap was a slender bangle of yellow gold.
In effect a gold bangle with a small watch built-in, it had a gilded movement that was wound by key, a cylinder escapement, eight jewels and an enamel dial.
This was in keeping with marketing at the time, which saw wristwatches presented as bracelets for women, while men continued to use pocket watches until the early 20th century. This was when military demands saw them begin to adopt the wrist-borne watch.
It's interesting to note that Patek Philippe's first complication was also a reference for ladies; a 5-minute repeater model produced in 1915, it featured a platinum case and bracelet.
The Dallas teenager mistakenly deported out of the United States to Colombia in 2011 returned to their family Friday evening.
According to WFAA-TV, 15-year-old Jakadrien Turner was warmly embraced by their mother and grandmother after arriving at Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport around 10 P.M.
The adolescent was questioned for nearly three hours by Immigrations and Customs Enforcement (ICE) and did not speak to the media.
Jakadrien's lawyer Ray Jackson expressed the family's delight and wanted those who organized the deportation last April to be held fully accountable.
“We are excited that the first step is out of the way,” they said. “[The next step is] to make the people who are responsible pay for the civil rights violations that Ms. Turner has had to go through.”
WATCH: Video from WFAA-TV, which was broadcast on January 6, 2012.
Flaming cars, smashed windows, as well as towering infernos have filled our living rooms as we watch the chaos of UK neighborhoods aflame during this late summer of discontent. It's not as if this wasn't all predicted, stodgy reports and even well written essays warned us that unparalleled social inequity was not stable, but until this week much of that remained in the realm of conjecture and hand wringing.
I confess to an ambiguity in my soul over this mayhem. I know that the targets are haphazard and small tragedies occur in the births of such things. Few have clearly articulated political philosophies who are involved in such matters, but that is the way of rage. It never speaks in words, it just screams.
We have very little shock over the violence necessary to maintain Western Business as Usual. It's formulated by trade agreements and lorded over by those wearing suits. No fire is generally involved, so on the surface it looks clean. But make no mistake, there is violence in it all. A company that produces gadgets for Apple in China doesn't need to put up nets to catch suicidal workers if a form of violence is not there.
All this passes while the drones continue to smash into threats, real and perceived. Our only footage (if any is available) is that of a video game. It's not real, at least not as real as a Sony distribution center's flames. Our newspapers actually get chastised and harassed if they show the reality of outsourced violence. I suppose that is why these images shock us so. It's happening to people “like us” and it doesn't look like any video game on the market! To think that we are generally shuddering over property damage-imagine if we had the body count that the far flung “unimportant” regions see.
How are we to process this raw expression from those age groups that have been written off and consigned to the worst of the leftovers? They weren't supposed to get angry about that.
I don't profess to know the motivations for each and every person taking part in the riots. When I see that copies of encouragement and advice are being handed out to participants, it makes this look a little deeper than just a smash and grab, not to say that isn't a large part of it. But it will be pretty difficult to clearly figure it out when the media continues its usual full on assault against clarity as well as cause.
A particularly heinous example of this journalistic race from truth was exhibited in an interview between a BBC reporter and West Indian writer/broadcaster Darcus Howe. They attempted to discuss the tinder keg that existed for the poor of the country. In their words, they aren't condoning riots, but trying to discuss the very real issue that something was “seriously wrong in this country.”The dignified elder began to discuss the problems inherent to these neighborhoods and was promptly cut off as they obviously strayed from the allowed talking points. In high irony, the man indicated that the voices weren't being listened to just as the BBC reporter cut them off. This is when I realized that if you don't allow the voices to be heard, then you will hear the sizzle of fire and the breaking of glass, ultimately. It's as simple as that. That interview was incredibly telling. Mr. Howe was shut down and chastised to the point that they said “have some respect for an old West Indian negro”. It was obvious that there will be an attempt to snuff out the riots not by looking to causes in an attempt to make this never happen again, but to simply turn it all into a good versus evil, scorched earth policy in the same manner as “The War on Terror”.
The footage of this interview is making the rounds on the internet; I encourage a search and a viewing of it.
The loudest howl from the media is… but, but—they are looting. Yes. They are looting.
I don't know the fullness of the UK's response to terror attacks, such as what they experienced on 7/7/7, but here in the US we were told to shop our way out of 9/11. Is it any wonder that consumer goods would assume a ridiculous significance in societies which worship them? Yeah, the kids are smashing and stealing things. Taking the things that they have been told over and over matter. It's the sign that you are a worthy person-you have stuff. These are items they won't be getting in any other way, and they've been indoctrinated that plastic crap matters. It is a skewed set of values born of a consumer culture. It's as if Victor Frankenstein is now dismayed at the table manners of their creation.
We Americans can watch over all of this with interest, as we should. Our versions of the same are undoubtedly coming, and will have the added mayhem of firearms. All this in a land with perhaps even more class hatred and fewer safety nets. But lots of Blackberries. You do the math.
This is what occurs when you don't care about large swaths of the society for many, many years. It's not an intellectual exercise any longer to consider what class polarization will create. Here it is.
Amazing that the trickle down wealth isn't enough to put out the fires.
Washington Redskins tight end Jordan Reed, who suffered a left shoulder injury last week, is unlikely to play Sunday against the Arizona Cardinals, sources told ESPN NFL Insider Adam Schefter on Thursday.
Reed said Monday their range of motion was only 30 percent and that they remained in pain and needed help getting dressed.
They suffered an AC joint separation in the second quarter of the Redskins' 31-26 loss to the Dallas Cowboys on Thanksgiving Day when they jumped for a pass in the end zone that they couldn't catch.
Reed missed the rest of the quarter and was told at halftime that they probably wouldn't be able to return. However, they did return and finished with a game-high 10 receptions for 95 yards and two touchdowns -- with eight catches and both scores coming after the injury. They also made a diving, one-handed 33-yard reception that set up a touchdown.
Redskins coach Jay Gruden said they hope to know more about Reed's status Friday, but added that it'd be remarkable if the tight end was able to play given the amount of pain he's suffering.
"My level of optimism? I don't have any; I'm even-keel right now. I'm not expecting them to play or not to play," Gruden said. "I don't really know. I've just got to wait to see tomorrow how he's doing and we'll go from there."
They have a history of getting hurt. They haven't played a full 16-game season in their career, having missed 16 games during the past four seasons, including two this year.
Reed has 59 receptions for 630 yards and five touchdowns in nine games this season.
Another terrible new development in our transit landscape has arrived: Chariot, a private bus service that is currently serving two routes in the morning and evening, both of them catering to Marina dwellers. Not content to ride the Dirty 30 or the 30X Marina Express, people can pay around $4 a ride (or $93 for a monthly pass) to get shuttled in greater comfort, Google bus-style, directly from Chestnut Street either to the Financial District or SoMa.
As TechCrunch reports, "the company is doing about 2,000 rides per week and has provided roughly 35,000 paid rides to date." And they're getting set to launch a third route, also from the Marina, to western SoMa  they're doing this on a crowdfunding model, waiting for 120 riders to sign up and buy monthly passes before they launch it.
While this all may seem ugly and capitalist in an era when Muni needs all the help and financial support it can get, it should be noted that many of Muni's routes were, at one time (pre-1912), run by private entrepreneurs and were only later absorbed under a single system. The Bold Italic adds that there were private jitney lines throughout town as late as the 1970s. And given Muni's slowness, and the difficulty of getting from the Marina to pretty much anywhere, a shuttle service like this was inevitable. Note the following sales graphic, appealing to Marina girls who don't want to wear out their expensive heels.
Chariot now has a mobile app that shows the location of shuttles in real time and lets customers check in for their rides.
And CEO Ali Vahabzadeh says they don't think they're competing with Muni so much as they're providing an overflow option. "A lot of our customers are actually [watching as] three or four buses [pass] which are overcrowded," they say. "I think we're actually bringing more commuters back into the transit-first fold as opposed to having them drive to work and congest the streets even more, or commute through Uber, Lyft or Sidecar."
And that would be the private-transit-first fold, just to be clear.
The prospect of a civil nuclear deal with Pakistan being talked about in the public domain is quite unlikely, the White House said on Thursday, but acknowledged that the US is in talks with Islamabad on issues related to nuclear safety and security.
"I know there's been a lot of public speculation about this (a civilian nuclear deal with Pakistan). In asking the same question to a lot of our folks here who are working on this issue, I would not be overly excited about the prospects of reaching the kind of agreement that is being speculated about publicly," White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest told reporters at their daily news conference. "Pakistan's Prime Minister will be here next week to meet with the President, and I'm wondering if you can confirm for us that the US is, in fact, serious about trying to work out a civilian nuclear deal with Pakistan and whether this is something that will come up in the meeting," they were asked by a White House reporter.
At this point, the US has been engaged with Pakistan as well as the rest of the international community, on issues related to nuclear safety and security, Earnest said. "We continue to have confidence that the government of Pakistan is well aware of the range of potential threats to its nuclear arsenal, and we continue to be confident that Pakistan has a professional and dedicated security force that understands the importance and the high priority that the world places on nuclear security," they said in response to a question.
"The expectation that we have is that a deal like the one that's been discussed publicly is not something that's likely to come to fruition next week. But the United States and Pakistan are regularly engaged in a dialogue about the importance of nuclear security," Earnest said. "I would anticipate that that dialogue would include conversations between the leaders of our two countries," they said in response to another question.
SYRACUSE, N.Y. -- The site of a quadruple shooting early Sunday morning calls itself "Hush Lounge" but operates out of a boarded-up upholstery business. There isn't a sign, and the windows are boarded up.
Police are "looking into" whether the site is operating legally, said spokesperson Sgt. Richard Helterline.
Four people were shot and suffered non-life-threatening injuries at a shootout around 3 a.m. At least two guns were fired, and there were at least 10 gunshots, police said.
The shooting began after a "large fight" inside and outside the lounge, and bullets sprayed across East Fayette Street. The fallout was visible early Sunday morning: Bloody footprints and a Honda SUV damaged by gunfire.
Four people shot after fight at E. Fayette Street 'lounge'; all expected to be OK
Helterline said police are still investigating the circumstances behind the shooting. They also said the lounge has drawn investigators' attention.
They'll be looking into whether the lounge was serving alcohol. They would not be able to do so after 2 a.m. It was not immediately clear whether the lounge had a liquor license.
"(Hush is) a place that hosts after hours events at times, and depending on what they are doing it may or may not be legal," Helterline said. "We are looking into it. They would not be able to serve alcohol there without a permit, and surely not after 2 a.m. At this time we do not know if they were serving or not."
The lounge could be operating legally if it does not serve alcohol, Helterline said.
"If they just have people over, then it may not be breaking any laws," they said.
The New York State Liquor Authority's website has no record of a liquor license at the address.
The site at 1226 E. Fayette is a boarded-up upholstery business called "Silverbush." On Sunday morning, the site was too dark to see inside except for a cigarette butt that sat inside on a windowsill.
Helterline said they were not sure if the upholstery business still operated.
Business records in Syracuse.com archives show a Hush Lounge was incorporated in 2014 on 1200 E. Fayette Street by Kenneth Kinsey and Kawan Woodley.
Woodley and Kinsey could not be immediately reached Sunday.
Woodley's Facebook page shows lively scenes at what they called "Hush Lounge" in recent days, including a post from Friday night around 11:30 p.m. for "teen night."
"Hush lounge teens rocking better then (sic) the adults," they wrote in the post, accompanied by a blurry picture or people dancing.
A neighbor who witnessed the shooting and heard about 10 gunshots early Sunday called the place a nuisance. They said he'd called 911 on it in the past. The neighbor declined to be identified out of fear of retaliation.
Note that unquestioning use of 'US diplomacy' instead of the well-known, widely-mismanaged, treason-infested State Department. Diplomacy is nice, diplomacy is sweet. diplomacy is the great alternative to warfare, diplomacy is nice china and fancy wine....
Except when any Republican attempt to soften the hard edges of the still-failing-after-the-wall-fell Russian relationship, in which case, diplomacy becomes collusion.
But here's the real whopper: Hillary Clinton has no 'standing' moral or otherwise to call for more money-shoveling at the Department of State. Them record there is one of abject mismanagement and failure. American secrets were exposed through their illegal use of a private unsecured server in some guy's bathroom. As U.S. Ambassador to Libya Chris Stevens pleaded without success for basic security at the U.S. embassy compound in Benghazi, the Austrian embassy in Vienna got itself a nice new shipment of 'green cars' to save the planet, never mind the embassy compound down south.
And $2 billion dollars went missing from State Department coffers with still no accountability in sight. If that's not an underhanded budget cut, what exactly is? Trump's perfectly legal cuts are the logical outcome of all this waste, fraud and mismanagement, courtesy of Hillary Clinton. President Trump had to send the CEO of ExxonMobil, a man who knows a thing or two about cleaning up sludge, to hose the place out.
And Hillary Clinton, desperate for a comeback in their too-tight leather jacket, just wants to holler about a lack of endless federal money after all that waste. There's no such thing as consequences in their mind. There's just more pork.
I dislike the products of electoral politics for a number of reasons, and presently have no horse in the ongoing race. Others who apparently do have suggested of late that even persons of a libertarian-ish perspective—arguably the least represented viewpoint amongst the current crop of candidates, and now politically homeless to borrow a phrase from a recent Daily Beast column—should find and settle for a least-bad option. Answering this query, one strangely popular position suggests a case might be made for a libertarian to support the campaign that is most in line with the model of European social democracy. As offered in this post, the argument is really a simple syllogism:
Premise 1: Bernie Sanders wants to make America more like Denmark, Canada, or Sweden.
Premise 2: Denmark et al rank higher than America on the Fraser Institute's 2015 Freedom Index.
Conclusion: People who value higher levels of economic freedom should therefore support Sanders.
Advertisement
I actually take no position on Sanders' campaign, finding some elements of it less disagreeable than others. In fact, I'll even suggest that only a slight tweaking of this argument in a different direction (as we shall see below) could make it applicable to almost any candidate, including Donald Trump. Accordingly take these remarks as a matter of testing the validity of what I find to be a deceivingly appealing but also very poorly constructed argument, rather than a commentary on specific candidates. So while Sanders is indeed the occasion, their specific example only muddies the political waters around a philosophically problematic way to go about rank ordering really any candidate, that is to say: taking them at their word that they will “Make America ____” (More like Denmark/Great Again/Your Ad Here).
Political Economy & Denmark
There's a fundamental flaw in the claim that a stated preference for making the U.S. more like Denmark (or Canada or Sweden) makes one's candidacy commendable to libertarians on account of those countries' comparatively preferable Fraser index ranking. It assumes that a replication of the economic policies of either of those countries is actually an attainable movement out of the present political structures of the United States. Such a sweeping and systemic move, if attempted in the U.S., would immediately encounter several deeply entrenched political interests that simply make it an untenable proposition. And if, by some miracle, it were ever able to overcome those already entrenched interests, it would then succumb to new political appropriation by further interest group capture, leading to the perversion of its original stated goals.
Do you think the local schools and parents should have the right to decide what's best for their kids? Michelle Obama has NEVER met your child and yet they are unilaterally stealing personal choice from families across the nation with their new school lunch rules, or risk losing school funding.
Myrtle Beach, SC- Students at Socastee High School are accustomed to buying Chick-fil-A sandwiches at school during their break, but the practice will stop in the fall due to the latest round of federal nutrition guidelines aimed at instilling healthy habits in students.
The Smart Snacks in School nutrition program, required by the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act of 2010, took effect July 1 and places more restrictions on snack foods and beverages sold to students during the school day. The new standards are expected to change some vending machine choices and specialty meal offerings for students, as well as goodies eaten at class celebrations and items sold for school fundraisers.
Trending: The 15 Best Conservative News Sites On The Internet
Some of the new regulations require snack items to have 200 calories or fewer. Sodium must be equal to or less than 230 milligrams, although that number will drop to 200 milligrams in 2016.
Entree calories must be equal to or less than 350 calories, and sodium must be equal to or less than 480 milligrams. Total fat in snacks and entrees must be equal to or less than 35 percent of calories, with saturated fat less than 10 percent of calories and zero grams of trans fat.
Socastee High students who liked their Chick-fil-A chicken sandwiches will be out of luck in the fall, as a regular sandwich contains 440 calories and 1,390 milligrams of sodium, according to the company's website. The sandwich loss also will affect the school's special education students, whose field trips were funded by the sales.
“They don't meet the standards – we're struggling with it,” said Socastee Principal Paul Browning. “The Chick-fil-A profits went directly to the field trips. We've got to raise some money, but we will figure something out.”
Warriors For Christ Bans Rainbow Emoji From Their Facebook Page But It Did Not Turn Out Well
The Warriors for Christ made a post saying they would ban anybody from their Facebook page that posted a rainbow flag emoji
For almost 24 hours straight people have been flooding the page with rainbow emojis and memes
The page claims those posting rainbow material are acting as “Satan's puppets”
The rainbow emoji is available for LGBT Pride Month
As Facebook celebrates LGBT month by adding a rainbow flag emoji to their list of emojis, one Facebook page did not want to join in the festivities.
The Warriors for Christ Facebook page decided to post a warning to their Facebook page, which has just under 200,000 fans. The post read, “A RAINBOW EMOJI WILL GET YOU INSTANTLY BANNED FROM OUR PAGE.”
Challenge Accepted
Well the Internet saw the post and apparently decided challenge accepted. Surely they can't ban all of us. After beginning a holy war with the rainbow flag emoji, the page is drowning in tens of thousands of rainbow emojis and memes. The rainbow-fueled assault on the Warriors for Christ Facebook page has been going on for almost a grueling 24-hours straight.
On Monday, Warriors for Christ appeared to attempt to clear the air via a “public service announcement” chock full of grammatical errors. The post read, “Public service annoucement. Despite all the lies and false accusations here we are not being hateful to any person. We also will not back down from proclaimimg truth of God's word. Sin is sin period. Sin results in eternal seperation from God. Despite your lack of understanding of love, we here love everyone enough to speak the truth even in the face of so much hate. So we speak the truth that sin leads to death, but we have a savior that can set one free from sin and give them a new life in Christ.”
Satan's Puppets
The page admins have been doing their best to ignore the onslaught of rainbow emojis, but it is becoming painfully clear that they may be regretting the fight they just picked with the Internet. Apparently, the page admins are convinced that anybody post rainbow related material are Satan's puppets.
Who said we are frustrated. We love it when Satan shows their true colors through all of their little puppets. It really just proves our point…sin is real and you people are in need of Jesus Christ.
The Rainbow Belongs To God
On Monday night, the admins decided to throw some fuel on the fire by posting a meme that read “THE RAINBOW BELONGS TO GOD.” The meme also had a different Bible verse for every color of the rainbow.
For the past seven hours or so, Warriors for Christ has frequently been posting memes with the hashtag “#repent.” Unfortunately for the admins of the page, the rainbows don't appear to be slowing down as of their last post an hour ago.
The rainbow flag is not immediately available for all users, but there is a simple way to unlock it for your account. By liking the [email protected] page you will have immediate access to the rainbow flag, along with the standard emojis. Now you can unlock the emoji and join in the holiest of all troll crusades by leaving your own rainbow emoji on the Warriors for Christ Facebook page.
Comments
comments
WhatsApp's 1.2bn users given iOS-style emojis that differ from those on Facebook and Messenger, adding to general air of cross-platform confusion
WhatsApp has created its own range of emojis for its more than 1.2 billion users, shunning those created by Apple, Google and Samsung.
The new icons, visible for the first time in a beta version of its Android app, are nearly identical to those created by Apple, which WhatsApp had previously used not only in its iOS app, but also in its Android and Windows versions. Only a few small differences give away the update: for instance, the water pistol has turned orange, the ghost emoji no longer has lopsided eyes and the frying egg is now double-yolked.
It's not clear what prompted the update, and neither WhatsApp nor its owner Facebook have replied to a request for comment, but experts say it's likely the app is following others including Facebook and Twitter in attempting to extricate itself from relying on third-parties for emoji design.
“At a glance these could be confused for Apple's own emojis,” says Jeremy Burge of Emojipedia, who first noted the update. “It appears that the brief for this project may have been ‘take Apple's emojis, and change them enough so we can call them our own'. Is that a bad thing? Perhaps not, given how change-averse most users can be.”
WhatsApp's corporate sibling Messenger, née Facebook Messenger, has also received its own emoji changeover: the app, which previously had its own special emoji library, is now using the images created for the main Facebook app. Unless users are on iOS, in which case it's now using the default iOS emojis.
For those who have lost count, that means Facebook and Messenger now use one unique emoji set (unless you're on iOS), WhatsApp uses a second (if you're running the Android beta) and Instagram uses whatever the default is on the phone.
The changes highlight a growing problem for social media services: cross-platform communication confusion, driven largely by Android manufacturer fragmentation.
By basing its icons so heavily on those already in use on iOS, WhatsApp avoids the worst of the confusion. Normally an iPhone user texting a Samsung Galaxy owner, for instance, finds their red flag turns yellow, their prayer beads become a rosary and their cookie gets downgraded to two crackers. The same conversation on WhatsApp avoids the problem, since the Samsung emojis are replaced with WhatsApp's own version.
thedatingfeminist:
It's really frustrating to me when the guys I know can't just take off their Man Goggles and see what the world is like for people who aren't afforded the privileges they are.
Like, the guys I hang out with are amazing, thoughtful, gentle people who listen to my feminist rants and ask questions and engage and generally believe me and sometimes do their own research. But there are so many things where it's just like… I feel like I'm describing smells to someone who not only can't smell, but is from a species that doesn't have a concept of smell.
The programming is embedded so deep and it takes so much effort and focus to untangle and start to color-correct and sharpen to make up for the weird tint and blurriness that comes from privilege goggles.
It makes me think about how many pairs of goggles I'm wearing, and how much more tweaking my perspective needs to be anywhere close to accurate.
American retailers face influx of ‘survivalists,' or low-wage workers, an increasing part of the US buying public with little disposable income
Winter is coming – and the ranks of the survivalists are growing.
Every holiday season, argues accounting giant PwC, there are two kinds of consumers: survivalists and selectionists.
Survivalists earn less than $50,000 a year and have to make sure they can afford every purchase.
Selectionists are more affluent. They may still be “careful”, in PwC's parlance, but they have more disposable income and don't insist on waiting for the deepest discounts to kick in before buying.
In each of the last three years, however, the survivalists have become an increasingly important part of the mix, rising from 63% of PwC's annual holiday shopping poll in 2012 to 65% in 2013 and to 67% this year.
So perhaps it's not surprising that the firm is forecasting that the average household will spend only $684 this holiday shopping season, down from $735 in 2013. That jibes with other predictions that holiday spending will be a disappointment.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest It's a jungle out there. Shoppers attend the opening of Sydney's first Sephora store at Westfield Pitt Street Mall. Photograph: Mark Metcalfe/Getty Images
This is confusing to the cheerleaders of the retail industry. Donning their rose-tinted glasses, they had argued that it was just a matter of time; that the fact that stores had begun their sales earlier and that consumers felt relieved by a stronger economy meant that it would all work out in the end.
After all, the private sector may have added an impressive 321,000 new jobs in November, far more than the 230,000 or so that economists predicted.
That ignores the 800-pound pink elephant sitting quietly in the corner of the room, however: the question of low wages.
Notably, the holiday shopping season has featured protests by low-wage workers at Walmart and some other retailers trying to raise awareness of their inadequate pay, lack of benefits and other issues.
The irony? The same customers that patronize Walmart are likely to be earning equally low wages elsewhere; they can't afford to give up a bargain, even if it means they have to do battle for it on Black Friday and be greeted by a judgmental chorus of television anchors.
Because even if jobs are being created, wages are stagnant; indeed, median family income has been in decline for the last 14 years.
The low unemployment rate (now at 5.8%) masks a lot of de facto underemployment: people working two or three part-time jobs but who need or want a full-time job and simply haven't been able to find one, as well as people who simply have stopped looking for work.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A fast food worker participates in a protest to raise the federal minimum wage. Fast food chains like McDonald's are suggesting to investors that low wages are resulting in lower spending. Photograph: Ringo Chiu/Ringo Chiu/ZUMA Press/Corbis
Wages haven't increased along with job creation – and some economists say the unemployment rate may have to decline a lot more in order for that to happen. Some say we may need unemployment to hit 5% before we see a significant and lasting improvement in incomes across the board.
As in past recessions, many of the jobs that were lost were in relatively high-paying sectors of the economy, such as manufacturing and construction. Those that were created tended to be concentrated in the services sector: hospitality, fast food and, yes, retail. Those jobs paid an average of only $21,000 a year, and in aggregate the new jobs created pay 23% less than the jobs lost, according to a study by IHS Global Insight for the US Conference of Mayors.
Those are the kinds of numbers that are almost certainly going to spawn a lot of survivalists.
It's one thing to have a bad year, income-wise. But after you've had a succession of them, drawing down family savings and selling off assets ranging from retirement plans to jewelry or electronics to pay the bills, holiday spending falls into the category of a luxury rather than a necessity.
Only days before Black Friday, the Conference Board announced a surprise in the form of a big drop in consumer confidence levels in November, to 88.7 from 94.5 in October.
American superstores may want to kid themselves that the recent decline in gasoline prices will translate into a “tax break” for Americans that will lead them to spend more.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Selective shopper or survivalist? Photograph: Anthony Devlin/PA
But is that enough to offset the lack of wage growth? After years of coping with very volatile gasoline prices, consumers are apt to look at the most recent data point warily, knowing that while it might vanish quickly, low wages aren't likely to begin rising any time soon.
Meanwhile, there will be other demands on the limited disposable income of those survivalists: the biting cold weather could well end up wiping out some or all of the benefits of lower fuel prices in terms of home heating, and many families may face steeper health insurance premiums in 2015. The less affluent a family is, the more likely it is to rent, and rental costs are climbing rapidly even as mortgage rates remain near record lows.
Even retailers – some of whom are notorious themselves for paying low wages – have been flagging low wages as a major source of concern. Two-thirds of the 100 largest US retailers – a group that includes those catering to the country's most affluent as well as McDonald's and Walmart, which serve the survivalists amongst us – have warned their own investors that low wages could cut into their profits, according to a recent study by the Center for American Progress. Now, there's irony for you.
Home Relational Parametricity and Units of Measure Relational Parametricity and Units of Measure, Andrew J. Kennedy, POPL 1997. Type systems for programming languages with numeric types can be extended to support the checking of units of measure. Quantification over units then introduces a new kind of parametric polymorphism with a corresponding Reynolds-style representation independence principle: that the behaviour of programs is invariant under changes to the units used. We prove this `dimensional invariance' result and describe four consequences. The first is that the type of expression can be used to derive equations which describe its properties with respect to scaling (akin to Wadler's `theorems for free' for
System F). Secondly there are certain types which are inhabited only by trivial terms. For example, we prove that a fully polymorphic square root function cannot
be written using just the usual arithmetic primitives. Thirdly we exhibit interesting isomorphisms between types and for first-order types relate these to the central theorem of classical dimensional analysis. Finally we suggest that for any expression whose behaviour is dimensionally invariant there exists some equivalent expression whose type reflects this behaviour, a consequence of which would be a full abstraction result for a model of the language. There's a new release of F# coming out with support for measure types, and so I thought I'd post a link to Andrew's paper about the subject. Now, if you've done any physics or engineering, you're probably familiar with the fact that units can sometimes really strongly constrain what form your equations can take. If you studied dimensional analysis more carefully than I did, you might even have learned that this is a consequence of the Buckingham pi theorem -- you can prove that if you have an equation with n variables involving k physical units, you can recast it as an equation with (n - k) dimension-free variables. Kennedy shows that the analogue of this theorem for programs in their language is a form of parametricity result at first order, which is quite slick. Comment viewing options Flat list - collapsed Flat list - expanded Threaded list - collapsed Threaded list - expanded Date - the newest first Date - the oldest first Select your preferred way to display the comments and click "Save settings" to activate your changes.
Floyd Mayweather was not a welcome guest at ORACLE Arena Wednesday night.
The undefeated boxer shelled out $36,000 for four courtside seats for them and their security team. The man who recently defeated Manny Pacquiao was featured on the video screen and welcomed with boos.
MORE: Ortiz demands rematch | Pacquiao believes they beat Mayweather | Floyd, 'The Best Ever?'
Floyd Mayweather gets a loud boo when showed on the Warriors' video screen. They laugh and drinks water. — Rusty Simmons (@Rusty_SFChron) May 14, 2015
Warrior fans just drenched Mayweather in boos when they showed them on the big screen. That was funny. — Jimmy Spencer (@JimmySpencerNBA) May 14, 2015
Good job Oracle: Floyd Mayweather shown on the big screen and booed more loudly than the Grizzlies. — Ann Killion (@annkillion) May 14, 2015
The disdain for Mayweather comes from a lot of places. People don't like their history of beating women, their arrogance, how they spend their wealth and the list goes on. While there are a lot of people who aren't fans of Mayweather, plenty of people still like them as an athlete.
The Warriors' Draymond Green was asked about Mayweather showing up and seemed upset about the boxer's less than respectful reception.
This weeks Beer Night in San Diego comes to you LIVE from Thr3e Punk Ales in Chula Vista! Tune in as we sit down and get real with Steve, Kevin and Ivan. Hear about their history, whats coming next, their approach to introducing beer to their community plus tons more! Hear some big news about a possible Grand Opening, new crowlers, upcoming beers and TONS more! This is one you dont want to miss!
This week for Beer Night in San Diego we are coming to you LIVE from the tasting room of Thr3e Punk Ales in Chula Vista! Tune in as we sit down with Steve, Ivan and Kevin to discuss all things Thr3e Punk Ales. Hear the story and history behind the brewery and how they came from idea to where they are today, plus hear each of their stories on how they found themselves in the world of craft beer. The guys break down some of the beer styles we sample on the show and also hear why they opened with some of the specific styles they did. Hear their outlook on beer education for both brewers and their community. Hear about how locals in Chula Vista have felt about their opening as well as the reaction from locals on the craft beer community growing within the South Bay. Plus hear about how they and others in the neighborhood have worked to bring the community in to enjoy and embrace the world of craft beer. We also get the details on their brewing system and their brew process and hear about some of what is to come on that brewing system. Plus, hear about their upcoming Oktoberfest beer and their special BOOTs coming soon and hear all about their upcoming growlers and crowlers which will be coming soon. Plus, they break down the large price tag breweries must face to offer crowlers. Hear about how they got permanent taps into the airport and how it affects brewing schedules and what it means for their brewery, and hear about a specific beer style they will NEVER make. Plus, hear some exclusive big news about a possible upcoming Grand Opening, hear some plans for a back side patio and more about what is coming soon from Thr3e Punk Ales! All this plus much more including social media questions during Get Social, listeners get a special offer from Ivan plus they offer great life advice to listeners, deep V necks, English vs Hoppy Barleywines, a guest walks off the show for undisclosed reasons, their thoughts on beer/music collabs, bad burritos, a possible collaboration partnership comes to life and TONS more! This is one you do not want to miss.
Now available on iTunes!!!! Click here to subscribe, download or stream! (PLEASE RATE US!).
Support our show on Patreon!
Visit our brand new Web Store!
Below you have the ability to stream the podcast directly on our site from Podomatic, or click “Download” on the Pod Player to download the file for your mobile device. You can also download the podcast directly by clicking here.
Hulu cut a distribution deal for four short-form series from Shaftesbury's digital division, Smokebomb Entertainment, and the studio is prepping a unique companion game for Google Glass to promote one of them, dystopian sci-fi show “State of Syn.”
All eight episodes of “State of Syn,” each about 5 minutes, are slated to premiere on Hulu's U.S. service Jan. 18. The series stars Jewel Staite (“Firefly,” “The L.A. Complex”) and David Hewlett (“Stargate SG-1” and “Stargate: Atlantis”).
After the Hulu debut, the related Google Glass app for the “Blade Runner”-esque series is expected to be released in late February or early March.
The game for the Google Glass eyewear, keying off the series' storyline, puts the player in the role of a “white hat” hacker who must reclaim the identities of active operatives compromised in a cyberattack perpetrated by an unknown superpower. The app will use Google Glass's gyroscopic head gesture control — letting users play the game using their eyes, by looking at objects in the scene.
Toronto-based Smokebomb probably won't charge for the Google Glass game, a promotional side project the studio hopes will attract cachet among the target sci-fi audience given the format for the new device.
Related Hulu CMO Kelly Campbell Discusses Viewer Engagement Hulu Appoints Barbara Fiorentino as Head of Talent and Casting
SEE ALSO: How Much Could Google Glass Change the Way People Consume Content?
“We believe in traditional storytelling but we also believe in storytelling across other platforms,” said Jay Bennett, Smokebomb's VP of digital and creative director. “If we do charge for it is will be low, but at this stage I'd rather have people saying, ‘When is the next Smokebomb project coming out?”
Regardless of how cool it may be, the app won't be available to many people: Google Glass is still in a limited release, only recently expanding the invite-only beta program to up to 40,000 users. Bennett noted the game could be ported to tablets or smartphones later on.
Smokebomb is creating the Google Glass app under a developers' boot camp being run by San Francisco-based Mind Pirate and the Canadian Film Centre's IdeaBoost initiative.
The nonexclusive deal with Hulu is the first for Smokebomb. The first two series of “State of Syn” are already on YouTube, but the full run will hit Hulu first. “We see Hulu as a great platform, with name recognition that generates a lot of views,” Bennett said. “We're trying to get our message out wider in America.”
A glasses-free 3D version of “State of Syn” also is on deck for 2014, according to Smokebomb. The show is a “motion novel,” combining live-action photography with animated backgrounds.
The other shows in the Hulu pact are scripted drama “Long Story, Short,” to debut on Hulu Feb. 15; and tween adventure series “Unlikely Heroes” and tween musical comedy series “Totally Amp'd,” both of which have yet to be scheduled.
Watch the first episode of “State of Syn” on YouTube:
Whitelist External Resources For Use In Ionic Framework
It was recently brought to my attention that big things came with the latest Apache Cordova Android and iOS update. One of the major updates being the requirement of whitelisting in order to use external resources.
What exactly does this mean?
Take the example of some random API like Facebook or TinyURL. If you try to perform a request on either of these APIs it will fail because by default everything external is blacklisted. By adding to the whitelist, things change.
We're going to continue on the TinyURL example. We're going to create a simple application using Ionic Framework that will take a long URL and shrink it.
Let's start by creating a fresh Android and iOS Ionic Framework project using the Terminal (Mac and Linux) or Command Prompt (Windows):
ionic start IonicProject blank cd IonicProject ionic platform add android ionic platform add ios
Note, if you're not using a Mac, you cannot add and build for the iOS platform.
Open your project's www/js/app.js file and add the following controller:
.controller("ExampleController", function($scope, $http) { $scope.shrink = function(longurl) { $http({method: "GET", url: "http://tinyurl.com/api-create.php", params: {url: longurl}}) .success(function(result) { alert(result); }) .error(function(error) { console.log("ERROR: " + error); }); } })
In the above code you'll notice it is quite simple. Just make a request to TinyURL and show an alert with the response. The response being the short URL.
Let's create a simple UI to go with this controller. Open your project's www/index.html file and add the following code, replacing the <ion-content> tags:
<ion-content ng-controller="ExampleController"> <input type="text" ng-model="longurl" placeholder="Long URL" /> <button class="button" ng-click="shrink(longurl)">Shrink</button> </ion-content>
Nothing too complicated so far.
Build and run this project for Android by doing the following:
ionic build android adb install -r platforms/android/build/output/apk/android-debug.apk
Wait a second! I thought this was an article regarding whitelisting? Well, run what we've done so far and you'll see what I'm talking about. You should get an error with a message like this in your logs:
That's not good! So how do we fix this?
Install the latest Apache Cordova Whitelist Plugin like the following:
cordova plugin add cordova-plugin-whitelist
Per the official documentation you should also add a Content Security Policy to prevent Android from complaining, although it isn't required in all scenarios. To allow everything, add the following to your www/index.html file right below the other meta tags:
<meta http-equiv="Content-Security-Policy" content="default-src *; style-src 'self' 'unsafe-inline'; script-src 'self' 'unsafe-inline' 'unsafe-eval'">
When you build and run now, you shouldn't have any problems.
Conclusion
In the latest Apache Cordova 4.0.0 Android and iOS release you're required to whitelist any external resources that you want to use. By default everything is blacklisted. In this example we saw how to use the TinyURL API to get short URL versions. This whitelisting concept also applies to the previous Facebook API example that I wrote and published on GitHub.
A video version of this article can be seen below.
Nic Raboy is an advocate of modern web and mobile development technologies. They have experience in Java, JavaScript, Golang and a variety of frameworks such as Angular, NativeScript, and Apache Cordova. Nic writes about their development experiences related to making web and mobile development easier to understand.
Fighting Steve Bannon, the White House chief strategist, who advocated leaving the Paris accord, isn't worth it for Elon Musk. Reuters/Kevin Lamarque Elon Musk's decision on Thursday to resign from President Donald Trump's advisory councils after Trump announced the US would pull out of the Paris Agreement on climate change was entirely predictable.
But it's also important to understand why Musk — an American business leader and technologist who is emblematic of science and reason, neither of which Trump is — was on the councils to begin with.
In 2015, Musk completed the circle of their overall vision as an entrepreneur when just ahead of the ratification of the Paris Agreement, they gave a speech at the Sorbonne forcefully advocating a carbon tax.
Musk knew three things when Trump was unexpectedly elected last fall. The first was that Trump wanted to revive American manufacturing in marquee industries such as autos, and Musk just happened to run a car company that makes cars in the US.
Second, Rex Tillerson, the former ExxonMobil CEO who is now the secretary of state, was friendly to the idea of a carbon tax.
And third, Musk knew Trump was anti-science, but not anti-deal.
Musk must have figured they could work within that framework, with the endgame being advocating a carbon tax, using their plans for Tesla (and SpaceX) as a bargaining chip.
Musk knew they were in for a fight. But it was a good fight, a worthwhile fight.
We're out. Reuters/Kevin Lamarque
For Trump to pull out of the Paris accord meant that the fight would get much, much tougher. And while Musk isn't one to cut their losses — Tesla has been losing money since it was founded — he's not by nature a fighter. They love science and technology, and regardless of what you think about them as a business person, they love the planet. Conflict interests them less than figuring out innovative ways to rise above it.
Their companies, Tesla and SpaceX, are an integrated effort to ensure humanity's survival and address what Musk believes is its biggest threat: global warming. If you're wondering how SpaceX fits into that, by the way, it's to make humanity a "multiplanetary" species. Mars is our backup plan.
Musk's obligation if they were to remain on Trump's councils would have been to serve as a figurehead for American manufacturing while simultaneously fighting a desperate fight against Trump's campaign promise to leave the Paris Agreement. It was easy for Trump to bail on Paris — a chunk of cheap red meat thrown to their base, terminating a deal that didn't make any serious demands on the US.
For Musk, of course, it meant a lot. It made a carbon tax much more plausible.
You have to give Musk credit for swallowing their pride and joining the council in the first place. But some fights aren't worth it, and Musk now recognizes they probably could reach out to Tillerson on a freelance basis — if that's even worth it, given Tillerson's apparently minimal role in the administration.
You also have to give Musk credit for being true to himself. They know what they love, and they aren't afraid to find the best way to fight for it. Sometimes that means leaving a fight you know you can't win.
NEWS RELEASE
MINISTRY OF NATURAL RESOURCES AND FORESTRY
*************************
The Ministry of Natural Resources and Forestry is seeking the public's help in identifying the individual or individuals responsible for abandoning several parts of a cow moose southeast of Kirkland Lake. On Oct. 24, 2017, conservation officers were made aware of a butchered cow moose that had been abandoned.
Officers located the moose parts along an access road leading to a gravel pit on the north side of Highway 66, approximately 14 kilometres west of the junction of Highways 66 and 11 in Gross Township. The abandoned moose remains had been left to spoil. If you have any information about this incident, please contact the MNRF TIPS line at 1- 877-847-7667 toll-free any time, or call Crime Stoppers anonymously at 1-800-222-TIPS (8477). You can also call the ministry's Kirkland Lake district office during regular business hours at 705-568-3222.
*************************
It promises to be a rhetorical battle of the titans, on a scale not seen for at least a decade. On a Monday morning in late September, Barack Obama, Vladimir Putin, Hassan Rouhani, Xi Jinping and François Hollande are all scheduled to deliver speeches at the United Nations in New York, setting out their visions of the geopolitical landscape at the outset of a highly uncertain era.
The vagaries of the timetable at the general assembly meeting marking the 70th anniversary of the UN mean all five leaders will be addressing the chamber within the space of a couple of highly charged hours. Putin's plans to attend for the first time in a decade has added spice. It will also be Xi's general assembly debut.
It will be the first joint appearance on a public stage of Obama and Rouhani since the Iran nuclear deal agreed this month in Vienna, and there is great anticipation that the two presidents could meet for the first time. Last year they spoke by phone as Rouhani was leaving town. On this occasion, by the time the presidents mount the famous green marble podium, the US Congress is expected to have voted to reject the Vienna agreement, and Obama could be in the position of counting votes in a scramble to ensure they can sustain a presidential veto of the congressional vote. The domestic politics around an Obama-Rouhani meeting could once more prove awkward.
Thousands take to Iran streets to celebrate the historic nuclear deal Read more
Before 2013, the greatest tensions in the UN chamber were provided by Rouhani's mercurial predecessor Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. This September, Russia's combative president, speaking an hour after Obama, is the most likely to provide rhetorical fireworks. Putin's office has not confirmed their participation but has said preparations are under way for them to attend. They will be on the defensive in the face of widespread censure at the UN over Russia's annexation of Crimea, its military role in eastern Ukraine and the downing of flight MH17. Putin's tone and choice of words will be closely scrutinised for signs of conciliation or a further drift towards cold war-style animosity.
“The wild card will be Putin. Will they play the role of the great dealmaker who supported the Iran agreement, or will they be in all-out anti-American mode?” Richard Gowan, a UN expert at the European Council on Foreign Relations thinktank, said.
“Obama will be in the tricky position of speaking before their two main geopolitical rivals. If they laud their cooperation over Iran, rightwing American critics will claim he's gone soft on China and Russia. If they throw in any tough lines about Ukraine, as they did last year, or the South China Sea, Xi and Putin will be able to take the podium and accuse them of making trouble.
“I can only imagine that the [US] State Department will be trying to coordinate very closely with Moscow and Beijing, and the CIA will be working very hard to get early drafts of their texts,” Gowan said.
The last time there was a lineup of such powerful figures at the UN was at its 60th anniversary world summit in 2005. George Bush and Tony Blair were then the leaders under pressure because of the disastrous invasion of Iraq two years before. Xi's predecessor Hu Jintao spoke for China, and then French prime minister, Dominique de Villepin, stood in for their president, Jacques Chirac. Putin was there in their first presidency.  They are the only global leader at that summit still in power a decade later.
British PM David Cameron is expected to be in New York on the opening day, for meetings with other leaders on the margins of the general debate, but they may duck out of the Tuesday night speech, leaving it to this foreign secretary, Philip Hammond. Cameron's office has yet to announce its plans.
The provisional running order is subject to change, but is set largely according to protocol, with heads of states taking precedence over heads of government, who speak before mere ministers. By a quirk of UN history, having chaired the first general debate, Brazil always gets to speak first on the opening morning of the general debate, followed by the US as the hosts. The current UK slot is just before 9pm EST (1am GMT) on Tuesday29 September, when the UN chamber will be exhausted from listening to speeches from Uruguay, Lithuania, Seychelles, Czech Republic, Tanzania and leaders of 13 other countries.
I came across the video below during a leadership training course. At first there might not seem to be an obvious connection between writing and leadership…but stick with me 🙂
The Ted Talk reminds us how important positive feedback is. All too often in life we focus on what is wrong. How often is it that bad service prompts you to complain? And how often after good service do you take the time to tell the company or individual? All too often it is the complaint that drives us to action, and all too often we fail to praise what is good.
Most of us will be quick to point out that we offer good feedback sometimes, but do we offer it often enough?
Feedback on Writing
Writing a review is such a simple and easy way to show the writer that you enjoyed their work. Sure you can drop a star rating on a book in amazon, and that's great, but there is nothing quite as magical as someone's words—their words—of praise.
Feedback on blogging about writing
I have lost track of the number of fantastic blog posts I have read about writing, sure I read books, but an amazing array of little gems comes from the blogging community too. Often these ideas and insights don't manifest change or impact immediately, or perhaps the magnitude of the change or impact is only realised later down the track. In the video the recipient took four years before they thanked the person who changed the course of their life.
Nobody understands how hard writing is as well as another writer. Nobody understands the dedication, commitment, and sheer endurance you need to even finish a book, let alone publish it, as well as another writer. And no one understands how much time we give willingly to studying the craft as well as another writer.
If you are a writer, whatever your skill level, you have a voice and knowledge to share so please keep sharing it. You may never know how powerful your words are, or the impact they may have, but be reassured they are. And if you enjoy a book or blog post then let's let the author know.
I would like to close by thanking everyone who has taken the time to comment on my posts. I cherish each and every one of them.
I hope you enjoy the video 🙂
Advertisements
ESA and NASA/SOHO
NASA spotted a colossal "coronal mass ejection" erupting off of the sun on Tuesday morning. This solar phenomenon spewed billions of tons of particles into space at speeds of 570 miles per second and they are currently headed toward Earth, according to the space agency.
NASA estimates that the particles will reach our planet in one to three days and could cause a geomagnetic storm.
"These particles cannot travel through the atmosphere to harm humans on Earth," NASA said in a statement, "but they can affect electronic systems in satellites and on the ground."
This means the power grid and any services that use satellites, like cell phones and GPS, could be disrupted. During a geomagnetic storm earlier this year, radio communications went down for a short while. And a 1989 storm was blamed for a massive power outage in the Quebec province of Canada.
While 570 miles per second sounds astoundingly fast, NASA said this is an average speed for a coronal mass ejection. Eruptions of this strength have typically brought only mild effects in the past, NASA said.
Besides affecting satellites and the power grid, the geomagnetic storms can also cause stunning auroras in hues of green, blue, and red. As the fast-moving particles crash into Earth's magnetic field, they light up the atmosphere wherever they hit.
NASA said it will provide updates about the geomagnetic storm if needed.
ESA & NASA/SOHO
A new study released this week is adding to the speculation that Asian carp are already in the Great Lakes.
Researchers report discovering traces of carp DNA in the western basin of Lake Erie as well as in a smaller lake well beyond the electric barrier that is supposed to fence the carp into the Mississippi River Basin. The scientists note that Asian carp have been caught in both locations previously – though not in large enough numbers to suggest an infestation.
The findings come as Great Lakes states battle with shipping companies and the federal government over fears that the carp could move into the Great Lakes from the Mississippi River through a canal near Chicago.
State officials say the nonnative fish – which can reproduce quickly and weigh as much as 100 pounds – would devastate the Great Lakes ecosystem and imperil a $7 billion sport-fishing industry. The city of Chicago, barging interests, and federal agencies say not enough evidence exists to prove the fish have penetrated the electric barrier in the canal, and that sealing off the canal entirely would cost billions of dollars and take years to complete.
The new study by scientists from the University of Notre Dame, The Nature Conservancy, and Central Michigan University was published Thursday in the Canadian Journal of Fisheries and Aquatic Sciences. It took water samples in various spots around the Great Lakes between September 2009 and October 2011. The researchers found traces of carp DNA – known as environmental DNA – in 58 samples.
A recent US Army Corps of Engineers report suggests that bits of the carp could have been carried beyond the barrier by fish-eating birds or aboard barges. But the research team notes that carp eDNA was found primarily in two places that were known to have live carped in the past.
One is Lake Calumet, a small lake 30 miles north of the canal where a fisherman caught a carp in 2010. The other is western Lake Erie, where two carp were caught in 2000. Federal officials have argued that those fish could have been escaped bait used by fishermen and that the low number of fish caught over such a long time suggests there is no broader threat.
But researchers say the data suggest that live carp are still there. After all, if the carp eDNA is being brought in only by birds and barges, it should be widespread – not concentrated in the two areas where carp have been caught previously.
“We know migratory birds go to those other places [where carp eDNA does not exist]. So it's very unusual that the only places where birds or barges or people throwing fish guts out is the only place where we capture Asian carp,” says Christopher Jerde, a professor in the biological science department at Notre Dame University in South Bend, Ind., and a lead author of the report.
“We're at the point now where we've had captures in the Great Lakes,” they add. “We can safely conclude there is some evidence of some Asian carp in the Great Lakes.”
“The question is, have we gone past the tipping point,” Professor Jerde says.
They point out that the results suggest the carp populations are still largely localized and that intervention is needed to keep them in check.
But Kelly Baerwaldt, a fisheries biologist for the US Army Corps of Engineers, told The Associated Press Thursday that Jerde's report is not conclusive and questioned why more live carp have yet to be captured beyond the barrier.
“Sure, it could be live fish, and it also could be these other things” such as waste from fish-eating birds, Ms. Baerwaldt said. “The bottom line is there's just a lot we don't know about eDNA.”
They said in order to accurately determine the source of an eDNA sample, several more years are necessary.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
For their part, Jerde insists eDNA is a reliable tool for early detection and that the current discussion should move from debating whether or not live fish are in the Great Lakes to how to stop their proliferation.
“There are a lot of things outside the science that is driving the science,” they say. “If we wait until the point where fish are jumping out of the water, we're no longer in a situation where we can do something about it which can be meaningful.”
I taped a radio show the other day with Court Lewis of American Variety Radio in which they wanted me to cover the demographics of depression.
So here we go. Many of these stats I assembled from the book Understanding Depression by J. Raymond DePaulo Jr., MD, Professor of Psychiatry at Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine. Others I picked in articles here and there.
Depression and Gender
More women are depressed than men because women have more to be depressed about than men. Kidding, of course. But I still don't understand how our gender got stuck with labor pains and all that. Almost one in five women in the US will have one or more episodes of clinical depression, which is TWO or THREE times the rate of depressive illness that men have.
Some say the discrepancy can be attributed to all the mood-altering hormonal effects of the menstrual cycle, pregnancy, childbirth, infertility, and/or contraceptives. Based on the Armageddon that happened to me around childbirth, I'd give that theory a thumbs up. That, and I have to track my menstrual cycle because I've been known to go off on people a day or two before my period. However, men's depression has been crawling up to meet us lately with the recession cutting more male jobs than female jobs. Naddy naddy boo boo.
Married men have lower rates of depression than single men, but not so for married women. (I have my theories but consider myself very lucky so I won't go into them.) Women who are married are no better off than women who are widowed, divorced, or single (never been married).
Age and Depression
Before age 13 depression is fairly uncommon in both girls and boys. The biggest factor for severe depressive illness in children appears to be genetic. Both parents of severely depressed children often have depression.
More than a million Americans age 65 and older (or one in 12) suffer from serious forms of major clinical depression. Approximately 15 percent of people aged 60 years or older in long-term facilities have major depression, although much of it goes undiagnosed and untreated. Generally the rate of mood and anxiety disorder seems to decline as people age; however, often times a mood or anxiety disorder is not picked up in the elderly due to other medical problems.
A study was recently published in Archives of General Psychiatry that examined 2,575 people age 55 and older. Five percent had experienced a mood disorder such as major depression or bipolar disorder in the previous year, 12 percent had an anxiety disorder and post-traumatic stress order, and three percent had co-occurring mood and anxiety disorders.
Although depression can occur at any age, its onset is typically between the ages 24 and 44. Fifty percent of people with major depressive disorder experience their first episode of depression at about age 40, but this may be shifting to the 30s. Studies find that the rate of incidence is higher among middle-aged people.
Teenagers are at risk for depression. The evidence is in teen suicide rates, which are increasing yearly. The growing rate of depression in this group may reflect growing pressure on young people to attend college and meet the high expectations of their peers and parents. Problems with self-esteem may result from failure or disinterest in meeting these expectations. Low self-esteem can lead to a negative perspective of life and depression.
Depression and Socioeconomic Status
According to a 2009 Gallup survey, the rate of depression is nearly twice as high for Americans making less than $24,000 a year than it is for those with annual incomes above $60,000. So I guess all writers are depressed?
Race and Depression
According to DePaulo, African American and Puerto Rican populations do not have higher rates of depression in the US. However, a study in Israel found that current and lifetime rates of major depression were significantly higher among persons of North African origin than among Israelis of European background. Factors include prejudice, lack of education or job opportunities. African-Americans are much less likely to report symptoms of depression, so that might skew the statistics. According to a finding in the American Journal of Public Health, the prevalence of major depressive disorder was significantly higher in Whites than in African Americans and Mexican Americans
Depression in Urban Vs. Rural Areas
According to a 1999 National Health Survey:
The prevalence of major depression was significantly higher among rural (6.11%) than among urban (5.16%) populations (p = 0.0171). Among rural residents, the prevalence of depression did not vary significantly with race/ethnicity.
The increased prevalence of depression among rural individuals does not appear to be a result of rural residence itself, as place of residence was not significant in multivariate analyses that controlled for other characteristics of the individual. Rather, the rural population contains a higher proportion of persons whose characteristics, such as poor health, place them at high risk for depression.
Genetic Risk Factors for Depression
Statistics show that the children of parents who suffer from depression are more likely to develop the disorder themselves. A person has a 27% chance of inheriting a mood disorder from one parent, and this chance doubles if both parents are affected. Studies of the occurrence of depression in twins show a 70 percent chance for both identical twins to suffer from depression, which is twice the rate of occurrence in fraternal twins.
Is Rich People More Depressed Than Poor? And Other Depression Factoids
Our Golden, Cooper has a friend named Pete. Cooper and Pete groom each other, take naps together on a favorite bed, and play their own special version of “wolf and caribou” around the dining room table. When Coop goes on walks, they like to have Pete come along with us.
And oh yeah, Pete is our cat.
Many folks who live with dogs and cats are not surprised by this friendship and have great stories of their own to tell about a special bond between a dog and cat. However, the myth that dogs do not particularly like cats certainly continues to persist.
Likewise, it is generally accepted that not all cats are pleased about having to share their home with a dog.
The underlying foundation for the assumption that dogs and cats cannot be friends is perhaps the fact that they are vastly dissimilar species, with different evolutionary histories, social behaviors and communication patterns. Apparently, their interest in play varies as well.
Regardless, anecdotal evidence abounds about the ability of individuals from the two species to form close and enduring friendships. And, I found recently, there is even a bit of science to back up these stories.
The Study: A group of investigators from Tel Aviv University in Israel interviewed 170 pet owners who lived with both a dog and a cat (1). The study also included direct observations of the pets in 45 of the homes.
Results: Not only do dogs and cats get along well, they also appear to be able to learn quite a bit about communicating with each other:
The majority of the owners (> 60 %) reported that their dog and cat were amicable and friendly toward each other and less than 1 in 10 owners reported aggressive behaviors. (The remaining pets were largely indifferent to each other).
Mutual play made up a substantial proportion of the interactions between dogs and cats, as did staying in the same room or resting and sleeping together. Interestingly, the cats in the study offered significantly more play soliciting behaviors to their dog friends than vice versa.
Perhaps not surprisingly, the two factors that were found to be important determinants for influencing the dog/cat relationship were the order of adoption (friendships were more likely when cats were adopted first) and age of adoption (friendships were more likely when both animals were adopted when they were young).
Take Away for Dog (and Cat) Folks: One of the most interesting results from this study had to do with the types of communication signals that were used by the dog and cat friends. More than 75 % of the greeting behaviors between these friends occurred in the form of a “nose-touch”, which is considered to be a common feline-specific greeting pattern, rather than a canine-specific greeting signal.
The researchers also reported several communication signals that had an unrelated or opposite meaning to the other species, yet were still correctly interpreted by the receiving animal. Examples of these included lying on the back (submission or play in dogs versus aggression or predation in cats) and stretching out the forefeet (play in dogs versus aggression in cats). This is pretty cool stuff as it suggests that dogs and cats who share a home and become friends not only enjoy hanging out, playing, and resting together, but also appear to learn each others body language, even when certain signals may mean something very different in their own species.
As for Pete and Cooper, they both say, “Yeah? No big surprise there!”
Cited Study: Feuersten N, Terkel J. Interrelationships of dogs (Canis familiaris) and cats (Felis catus) living under the same roof. Applied Animal Behaviour Science 2008; 113:150-165.
Gloranthaphiles! Did you miss out on the Kickstarter for the Guide to Glorantha? Have you begun to worry that you would never get your hands on over 12 pounds (6 kilograms) of full-color, oversized Gloranthan Gold? Never fear – you can now Pre-Order the Guide to Glorantha and the Argan Argar Atlas. You can even pre-order the Poster Map Sets! This offer includes discounted shipping and PDFs for the bundle. It is time limited until July 7, 2014, however, so order now!
Note: We will begin fulfilling orders for the Guide and related products after July 7th – Kickstarter backers first, then preorders. Orders outside North America need to be sent to Europe first for fulfillment, which may delay final shipping as long as a month.
If you've any questions about preorders, please use the forum thread here – http://www.glorantha.com/forums/topic/guide-to-glorantha-preorder-discussion/
Unless good sense intervenes, it looks increasingly likely that the State Department will approve the Keystone XL pipeline, which would carry a coarse, acidic crude oil from northern Alberta in Canada to refineries on the Gulf Coast of Texas. That would be a mistake.
In August, the State Department, which has authority because the pipeline crosses an international boundary, released its final environmental impact statement on the project. It found that the Keystone XL would have “no significant impact” on land and water resources along its route. We, and many others, are skeptical.
An existing pipeline carrying tar sands oil — owned by TransCanada, the Keystone XL's operator — was forced to shut down for repairs after springing two leaks last May in North Dakota and Kansas. That is one reason why Dave Heineman, Nebraska's Republican governor, has asked that the new pipeline be rerouted. They fear a spill could pollute the Ogallala Aquifer, a crucial water source beneath the Great Plains.
Unfortunately, the State Department appears to be more persuaded by proponents who claim that the pipeline will help reduce America's dependence on oil from politically troubled sources in the Middle East. We are skeptical about that, too.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
What pipeline advocates — including big-oil lobbyists and House Republicans who have tried to force an early, favorable decision — fail to mention is that much of the tar sands oil that would be refined on the Gulf Coast is destined for export. Six companies have already contracted for three-quarters of the oil. Five are foreign, and the business model of the one American company — Valero — is geared toward export.
Norwich remains just outside the play-off places in seventh
Derby denied return to the top of the Championship
Steven Whittaker scores first goal since August 2013
Chris Martin nets their 15th of the season
Derby without a win in three
Steven Whittaker prevented Derby from going back to the top of the Championship as they struck late to earn Norwich a point.
Chris Martin's penalty appeared to have earned the Rams a crucial three points with their 15th goal of the campaign.
But they were denied when Whittaker converted Nathan Redmond's corner.
Earlier Johnny Russell had given Derby the lead just prior to the break from Martin's pass before Cameron Jerome levelled from Jonny Howson's ball.
Ex-Canary flying high Chris Martin has now scored 42 goals for Derby since leaving Norwich for the East Midlands in February 2013.
This was a big game for Derby who had lost three out out of their last four matches including a 2-0 loss at Middlesbrough last Saturday and a 3-1 home defeat by Chelsea in the Capital One Cup on Tuesday.
Head coach Steve McClaren was animated as their side struggled to create clear-cut chances in the early stages with Martin's header from Omar Mascarell's corner and a tame Craig Bryson effort the closest they came.
Norwich, who had won their previous two matches, had the ball in the net through Alexander Tettey but the effort was ruled out as Jerome was in an offside position as they dummied the ball.
Russell eased Derby nerves as they broke the deadlock just before half-time, converting from close range after Martin's strength had set up the opportunity.
Norwich levelled early in the second half as Jerome tapped home from Howson's cross but Neil Adams' side were left frustrated after Cueller gave away a penalty, bringing down Martin just inside the area.
The taking of the spot-kick was delayed as the referee spoke to several players but former Canary Martin, who left Carrow Road in 2013, kept their nerve, firing into the corner.
Media playback is not supported on this device McClaren on Derby v Norwich
However, Derby could not hold on with Whittaker drilling an effort in off the post after Russell Martin had headed on Redmond's corner.
The result leaves the Rams in fourth position after Saturday's games with Norwich staying in seventh.
Derby head coach Steve McClaren said: "This was always going to be a difficult game - our third in a week coming off the back of the Boro game and the fabulous effort against Chelsea.
"To get the players up for it emotionally was always going to be difficult. We needed to show solidarity and togetherness, grit and determination and character. And we very nearly pulled it off. We made a lot of mistakes and that's what the third game brings you."
Norwich manager Neil Adams said: "We thoroughly deserved the equaliser we got and I thought we deserved to win, to be honest.
"Our plan nearly worked to perfection. They couldn't get into any rhythm. I watched them against Chelsea the other night and they got into rhythm many times that night - against a top, top team. So that tells you how well we did."
Derby head coach Steve McClaren often watches games from the stands but they were an animated presence on the touchline throughout
Cameron Jerome scored their 11th goal of the season
Chris Martin ensured ex-team-mate Russell Martin had a tough afternoon
Johnny Russell put Derby ahead with their seventh goal of the campaign
Top Gear host Jeremy Clarkson will be sacked by the BBC tomorrow after an internal investigation found them guilty of attacking a producer.
The 54-year-old was already on a final warning when they got into a ‘fracas' with producer Oisin Tymon, after a day of filming in Yorkshire. According to The Telegraph:
It is understood a report into the so-called ‘fracas' at a North Yorkshire hotel, concluded that [the] presenter spent 20 minutes verbally abusing producer Oisin Tymon, before launching a 30 second physical assault on him.
The article goes on to say that, despite removing Clarkson from the show, the BBC will carry on broadcasting Top Gear on BBC Two, with ‘well-placed sources' claiming Chris Evans is favourite to replace him.
The announcement is expected to be made in a statement by Lord Hall, Director General of the BBC, tomorrow. In the statement, it is understood Hall will defend Clarkson's controversial style, but will state they were left with ‘no choice' but to sack the presenter after it was concluded ‘he attacked a junior member of staff'.
I just finished reading Abnormal Returns, Winning Strategies from the Frontlines of the Investment Blogosphere by Tadas Viskanta. Tadas is best known for their twice daily list of finance links from around the web, which they publish via abnormalreturns.com. I find their links very useful in filtering through the noise and helping me zero in on what's important to read, so I was excited to see what else I could learn from him.
They did not disappoint. Unlike most books on investing which claim to offer the “secret to investing success”, Tadas lets us know upfront that there is no secret. What they offer instead is a “framework for success” that investors ranging from those who work with a financial advisor to manage their investments, to those who want to make a living from investing, can all use.
The path they outline is in line with how we think about the markets here at Learn Bonds as well. Where most investors focus the majority of their attention on returns, successful investors focus the majority of their attention on risk. Tadas therefore puts the concept of risk front and center with the whole first chapter of the book devoted to that subject. They then goes on to talk about returns, which lays the foundation for the rest of the book which covers all the asset classes from a risk/return standpoint, and how to combine those assets into a portfolio which matches your unique investment goals.
If you are looking for the latest investment fad or get rich quick scam, then this book is not for you. If you are seeking to build a solid foundation in the investment concepts and philosophies that lead to success, then this is a great place to start.
To see a list of high yielding CDs go here
Here are 10 things I personally learned from the book:
1. On the importance of dividends: “From 1900 to 2010 the US Stock market with dividends reinvested returned 9.4% per year, without dividends reinvested it returned 5%.”
2. A good reason to consider indexing: “25% of stocks were responsible for all of the russell 3000's gains.”
3. A surprising fact about stock market risk: “Low risk stocks have outperformed riskier stocks.”
4. Interesting fact about bond market risk: “Within the realm of investment grade bonds, taking some additional credit risk seems to pay off over time. What does not pay off over time is stretching into high yield or junk bonds”.
5. On the importance of asset allocation and risk management: “The performance of a domestic portfolio 50% invested in bonds and 50% invested in stocks from 1926 to 2009 showed almost no difference in real returns between US economic expansions and recessions”.
6. Another example of how most investors think of things in the reverse order that they should: “A true asset allocation plan starts first with a scheme to deliberately invest in certain asset classes. Then and only then does the investor begin selecting vehicles to fill out these asset class targets”.
7. On the importance of having realistic return expectations: “From 1965 to 2010 Buffett was able to compound the per-share book value of berkshire at a 20.2% rate….in so doing Buffett has become one of the wealthiest men in the world”.
8. On the growing importance of international investing: “For decades the United states was by far and away the largest equity market in the world, with upwards of 90% of the world's market capitalization…..Recently the United States was estimated to have 40% of the global market capitalization.”
9. Why you might not need to add the hard assets themselves to a portfolio: “An investor in the S&P 500 already has a nearly 16% exposure to energy and materials companies”.
10. One reason gold has been on a tear lately: “When real interest rates are low the price of gold tends to increase and that as real interest rates rise the price of gold tends to fall.”
If you haven't already done so I highly recommend checking out the book which you can purchase below:
(Visited 211 times, 1 visits today)
Composite of Danilo Suarez and Leila de Lima
MANILA - House Minority Leader Danilo Suarez said Wednesday that the lower House's minority bloc had no intention to derogate women in light of the planned showing of Senator Leila de Lima's alleged sex video at the Committee on Justice hearing.
Suarez denounced allegations that they were in favor of showing De Lima's alleged sex tape in Congress, adding that the minority bloc was after all against it.
"Wala naman kaming napag-usapan tungkol doon sa case ni Sec. De Lima so I'm totally puzzled and surprised why my name is being mentioned. What we've said is somewhat defending them right by the decision of board members that we will disapprove the suggested showing of those tapes in the executive session of the committee on justice," Suarez said.
"Baka may ibang nagsabi sa kanya (De Lima) na hindi tama ang pagkaka-quote sa sinabi namin. (Perhaps someone relayed wrong information to them and misquoted us.) I think most of those questions and answers were recorded. So, well, that's it," they added.
Suarez maintained that the minority bloc did not come up with any derogatory remark against De Lima.
"In (all) fairness to the minority that were present, we did not come up with any derogatory or untoward remarks about their (De Lima)," Suarez explained.
The lawmaker emphasized that they have utmost respect for the rights of women, even uttering in jest that they are scared of their wife.
"It's very untoward statement. I may not be able to know clearly what's the Magna Carta for Women, but please tell them that I always observe the rights of women," Suarez said.
"As a matter of fact, takot na takot ako sa asawa ko," they said in jest.
JERUSALEM (JTA) — Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu restated their government's commitment to the status quo on the Temple Mount after a government minister said it was their dream to see an Israeli flag fly on the site.
“I think it's the center of Israeli sovereignty, the capital of Israel, the holiest place for the Jewish people,” Likud party lawmaker Tzipi Hotovely, also the deputy foreign minister, said in an interview aired Monday on the Knesset channel. “It's my dream to see the Israeli flag flying on the Temple Mount.”
In response, the Prime Minister's Office released a statement on Monday night.
“The policy of the Government of Israel regarding the Temple Mount was expressed by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in their statement Saturday night, and nothing has changed,” the statement said. “Prime Minister Netanyahu made ​​it clear that they expect all members of the Government to act accordingly.”
Netanyahu in their statement on Saturday night said that “Israel will continue to enforce its longstanding policy: Muslims pray on the Temple Mount; non-Muslims visit the Temple Mount. As we have said many times, Israel has no intention to divide the Temple Mount, and we completely reject any attempt to suggest otherwise.”
Hotovely issued a statement as well, saying: “My personal opinions are not the government's policy, and I am certainly bound by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's policy as stated on Saturday evening in which they declared that there would be no change in the status quo at the Temple Mount.”
Opposition lawmakers called for them dismissal.
Hotovely has made public visits to the Temple Mount, including the day before their wedding, and opposes the creation of a Palestinian state.
Deadly Palestinian attacks on Jewish-Israelis have sharply increased in recent weeks amid tensions over the Temple Mount, which is holy to Jews and Muslims. Driving the tensions in part have been reports among the Palestinians that Israel is planning to alter the site, which houses the Al-Aqsa mosque compound. Palestinian Authority President Abbas themselves has made the charge, which Netanyahu has continued to vehemently deny.
The recent spat between Jonathan Chait and Te-Nehsi Coates illustrates an interesting way that the Cathedral manages to control the narrative on issues through its stranglehold of the media. This issue serves as an illustration of another form of propaganda which permeates American culture, Type II or the false dichotomy. The actual dispute is rather droll, but a very brief summary is necessary.
Coates wrote an essay attacking the white liberals who place blame for Trump's election on socioeconomic issues and the Democrats' abandonment of the working class in favor of kulturkampf issues and urban upper-middle class priorities. They accused white liberals of attempting to dodge the blame for Trump by pawning responsibility onto the working class, so they can avoid the fact that Trump was elected on a platform of support for their white constituency.
Policies which Trump passed to benefit their constituents would also benefit white liberals, thus implicating them in a system which oppresses minorities and enshrines white supremacy. For that reason, white liberal journalists who wrote on socioeconomic and class-consciousness angles surrounding the Trump administration are participants in white supremacy because they benefit from Trump but attempt to disguise that fact, according to Coates.
Jonathan Chait responded in New York Magazine by referring to the Left's “discourse of panic” surrounding Trump and the way that the term “white supremacist” had been so enlarged in the last year to include anyone who fails to show sufficient zeal for the Democratic Party's agenda. The result of this discourse, they argued, is that all opposition is lumped in with white supremacy and is therefore subject to violence and denial of political rights. They questioned if this principle will ultimately lead to all contrary opinions becoming invitations to physical attack.
In response to Chait's article, Del Valle argued that Chait is giving cover to white supremacists on the Left, which they define as any person advocating for “policies that harm people of color” and includes “polite white liberals who definitely don't agree with neo-Nazis but will defend their right to chant ‘blood and soil' on public property.” For Del Valle, Chait's argument is an expression of their white supremacy and an attempt to dodge its consequences, part of the “two level” theory of white supremacy. This theory is outlined in Ian Hanley Lopez's Dog Whistle Politics, in which overt white supremacy by Republicans is used to benefit covert white supremacists like liberal Democrats who maintain plausible deniability in order to profit from non-white constituencies. The debate continued on Twitter, including Jeet Heer and Damon Linker, with Chait themselves getting into the mix.
The issue of defining white supremacy itself is not particularly interesting, but the rhetorical strategies used by the radicals both in the articles and on Twitter illustrate a potent tool which helps control dialogue and silence dissent from the orthodoxy of Cathedral elites. Returning to Richard Weaver's essay collection In Defense of Tradition, the second form of propaganda, Type II, is defined as the false dichotomy. In this form, the propagandist uses either a monopoly or dominance over the channels of communications in society to reduce the public consciousness of alternatives to a problem outside of two given choices.
One such choice, the true prong, is the preference of the propagandist and is presented as the only rational option, and the other choice, the false prong, is manifestly absurd. Since the vast majority of viewers will lack information on alternative choices, they will be forced to choose the propagandist's preference, since no reasonable individual would choose the absurd choice. Weaver describes it in these terms:
All rational choice is a process of sorting over two or more alternatives and taking the one which seems to promise best… Propagandists long ago discovered that no such process can occur if only one alternative is supplied. By this method freedom of choice is stifled almost as completely as if coercion had been used. Thus a people may be told by their government and by that arm of the press which practically every government has at its beck and call that the country has but one choice: it must fight, or it must inflate the currency, and so on… But when there exists a practical monopoly of channels of information and communication, it is next to impossible to put another alternative before any sizable part of the population… These and many other such partial renderings are alike in that they keep from the public a true picture of the situation with alternatives.
The essence of Type II propaganda is the illusion of choice being offered. America must invade Syria or the terrorists win. You must vote for McCain, or you'll get Obama. There is one viable option given and a horrific consequence if it is not chosen.
Samuel Francis describes the managerial regime as a set of oligopolistic structures established in order to explicitly limit choice in just this fashion. In the corporate mode of this form of propaganda, however, both options are equally advantageous to the managerial elite. Options are limited, but there is no need for an absurd option because system is designed for multiple parallel benefits from either outcome. You must vote Democrat or Republican. You must be conservative or liberal. You must watch CNN, MSNBC, or Fox. You must shop at Walmart or Target. You must drink Pepsi or Coke. No, sir, I would rather drink water. Dasani or Aquafina?
In short, the entire structure of society is organized into a set of very limited choices which serve to trap the citizen in a system which benefits the elites while providing the illusion that the trap is freely chosen. It is the ignorance of potential options which prevents the subject of this kind of propaganda from being aware that they have options. To quote Orwell's 1984, “Indeed, so long as they are not permitted to have standards of comparison, they never even become aware that they are oppressed.” While it is possible to opt out of the system, it takes intelligence and more importantly unbiased information to navigate the paths being obscured by Type II propaganda, as well as a willingness to be seen as strange or eccentric. Consider the look on most peoples' face when you inform them that, no, you do not subscribe to either satellite or cable television service, not because you can't afford it but because you reject the programming being offered by both services.
Now imagine informing them that you have opted out of democracy altogether.
This mode of propaganda is pervasive throughout modern society. Many immature reactionaries are still trapped within this mindset and are incapable of breaking through to mature, successful ways of thinking. Ordinarily, Type II propaganda compels the subject to choose the option provided because the other choice is absurd. The immature reactionary, however, in rebellion against the Cathedral power structure, chooses the absurd option and signals a politics of ridiculousness. Given the false dichotomy of the Syria campaign between an American invasion and ISIS victory, it is one thing to reply rhetorically with, “then let the terrorists win.” It is another thing to advocate for ISIS unironically because one opposes the Cathedral regime. The immature reactionary is still permitting Type II propaganda to frame their worldview because they accept the facial validity of the dichotomy but chooses the option which was intended to be undesirable. The way to defeat this kind of propaganda is to educate oneself on the topic and the full range of options available, not to counter-virtue-signal against the Cathedral.
Returning to the original topic, the radical position on white supremacy shows all the hallmarks of an attempt at Type II propaganda. It sets up the false dichotomy, one answer of which is framed as absurd and denies any other valid approaches to the question. In this case, however, there is a division in the powers which control the avenues of communications. Chait represents a group of Cathedral apparatchik liberals, who are finding themselves increasingly isolated from the elites and of diminishing value to their regime.
Their “fief” in communications, however, has not been revoked yet, and they maintain their ability to signal their preferences through it. The radicals are not yet capable of enforcing their false dichotomy on the public mind because they cannot control a large enough proportion to block out contrary opinions. The liberals know that to permit the radicals control would spell their own demise, as they, too, become white supremacists, exiled from the halls of power in the Cathedral.
In addition to ordinary Type II propaganda, however, the radicals have innovated by tying the “absurd” option to the friend-enemy dichotomy of wartime politics. Ordinarily, Type II propaganda relies on the fear most individuals possess of appearing ridiculous. What prevents the subject from rejecting the preferred option is that they believe the other option to be a decision only a fool would make and do not have the information available to articulate an alternative. By making the alternative not only “foolish” but also “evil” places the subject in an untenable position. If the consequence of the policy decision promoted by the propagandist is sufficiently costly, a person might be willing to look absurd or stupid. An intelligent propagandist is willing to accept a certain amount of “leakage” of this type because a handful of defectors who choose to look stupid are hardly a risk. Libertarian politics are permitted by the Cathedral in this way; by choosing a political option which the Cathedral labels silly or absurd, they are opting out of the false Republican-Democrat dichotomy, but they opt out in a way that is harmless to the power elite.
When the consequence of rejecting the preferred option is to become out-grouped, the price of rejecting the propagandist's claim rises dramatically. This kind of propaganda is becoming weaponized, not merely as a means to control the narrative but a means to identify subjects of violence and expropriation. It is the overt admission that the radicals see politics as a form of warfare and are legitimizing physical aggression against its foes and other targets of opportune plunder.
In this case, the false dichotomy has been turned into a tool to strip resources from a rival: either the liberals turn over their assets to the radical Left, or they will be declared the enemy and be subject to violent dispossession. Either option is equally beneficial to the radicals. The risk of this strategy, however, is that by closing off any avenue of escape, it opens the door to real anti-Cathedral radicalism by forcing the subject to renounce the Cathedral system altogether if they are for some reason incapable of accepting the majority position. For the radicals to risk this, they must be confident that the liberals and their elite patrons are fundamentally incapable of turning against the Cathedral in such a way as to pose a real threat to their ascendancy, such as by overtly embracing and promoting a politics of white interests. In this case, they are probably correct.
The maneuvering of competing apparatchik factions within the Cathedral's power structure and their attempt to control the Cathedral's tools for the propagation of propaganda demonstrate the importance of absolute control of mass communications to the Cathedral's propaganda efforts. If this control was not important, these factions would not compete over it. There would be no need for the radicals to out-group the liberals as racist if the media outlets controlled by them were not of significant value. This favored tool of control only truly functions in an environment where access to alternative media is strongly limited. Thus, using Type III propaganda, the false definition, as the “false” prong of the dichotomy, and gaslighting liberals as white supremacists, the radical faction is consolidating their grip on one of the most formidable means of power possessed by the Cathedral.
Chait's cry is the desperate call of a drowning victim for a life preserver. As numerous reactionaries have mentioned, free speech is the characteristic cause of a losing faction. The powerful have no need for protections from state censorship either in its direct form or indirectly through social harassment and violence. The first lesson that reactionaries should take from this is that free speech rhetoric and activism is pointless. It is the whining of the losers as they are being punched in the face by the winners. Secondly, Type II propaganda of this type works so well and is so inherently believable because existential politics of conflict boils down to the Friend-Enemy dichotomy. Type II propaganda relies on media trust and control, but even when the media is deeply distrusted, it strikes a chord in human nature because it says that you are either with us or you are will the evil ones and this true dichotomy is recognized instinctually. Reactionaries would be wise to both understand and respect the power of this form of propaganda.
Feeling themselves trapped within the steel jaws of Type II propaganda, the liberal who wants to avoid the problem of Trump's implicit whiteness knows their fate is sealed. Between the rhetorical dichotomy of black power and white supremacy, their political faction will be crushed because the propaganda machine of the Cathedral is falling into the hands of people who see liberals as competition to be defeated, not allies within the Cathedral system against the designated enemies: blue-collar rural whites. Chait paraphrased their argument as the following: “You are either with the people beating up the racist-fascists, or you are with the racist fascists themselves. To oppose one is to support the other.”
Unfortunately for Chait and their fellow liberals, this is now the official party line of the regime.
A voter's opinion of President Donald Trump is influenced by how religious they are, according to a Gallup analysis.
Among those who describe themselves as highly religious, 51 percent said they approve of the job President Trump is doing. Forty-four percent of "moderately religious" people supported Trump; that figure drops to 32 percent among those who said they are not religious.
The numbers reflect an average of Gallup's presidential approval ratings from Jan. 20-March 15.
The results show religion plays a bigger role in people's opinion of Trump than it did for former President Barack Obama. According to Gallup, Obama's highest approval ratings - 63 percent - were among those who described themselves as not-at-all religious. Fifty-one percent of moderately religious people approved of Obama; 43 percent of highly religious people did. Obama's ratings come from Jan. 2-Dec. 30, 2016.
For former President George W. Bush, 36 percent of highly religious people approved of the job the were doing, compared to a 26-approval rating for moderately religious people and 18 percent of people who said they weren't religious. The figures are from Nov. 1-Dec. 30, 2008.
"The difference in approval for Bush in late 2008 between those who are highly religious and those who are not religious (18 percentage points) is almost exactly the same as for Trump now (19 points). The gap for Obama in 2016 was 20 points, but in the opposite direction," Gallup noted.
Among Republicans, the effect of religion alone evaporates: 89 percent of highly religious Republicans approve of the job Trump is doing, compared with 87 percent of those who are moderately religious and 86 percent who are not religious. Among Democrats, approval is only four points different between those who are highly religious (11 percent) and those who are unreligious (7 percent).
Trump's latest approval rating
According to Gallup's latest daily tracking, Trump's approval rating is at 41 percent compared to 54 percent who said they disapprove of the job the president is doing. The numbers show a small rebound from the bottoming out that occurred on March 18, when Trump's approval rating hit a low of 37 percent.
Trump's approval ratings have been historically low as compared to recent presidents at the same point in their terms.
Update: Post-WWDC Keynote, it's obvious these are not pictures of the (slightly disappointing) 3G iPhone . What can we say? It seemed like a good idea at the time. And Matt was drunk.
It wasn't long ago that my inbox was full of screen caps from an image editing program of a new iPod, it was a fat yet small iPod that we now know as the 3rd gen Nano. We posted the photos and were later told by Apple's legal team to take them down.
A similar tipster tonight has very generously given us these pics of the iPhone 2, or iPhone 3G as some are calling it. Like the Fat Nano from last summer, the images come from Apple or AT&T promotional material that shows not just the new iPhone, but also gives away a couple secrets.
It's thinner than the current model, for sure, with a more MacBook Air-like bezeling. It's got stereo speakers on the back and what appears to be the same screen as the current generation. But the real news here isn't the Exchange support, but the front facing camera for iChat AV.
Oh yes, it's there. Not only is the new iPhone smaller and more capable, but it also comes in red as part of the Product (Red) campaign, like many iPods do.
Buy a 3G, video-chatting iPhone and fight AIDS. We like it. Hit the jump for the rest of the pics.
[UPDATE] After some painstaking image manipulation, the text of the iChat blurb reads as below:
Video just became a little more fun. Start a real time video chat with other AT&T subscribers via 3G networking, or with iChat buddies via WiFi. The video calling revolution has begun.
So you can do video chat with your iChat buddies, but only via WiFi. Otherwise it's phone to phone. Interesting.
[UPDATE] 2 See that part about about Windows XP or Vista being needed? Many people are saying it's proof these are fake. No, we think Apple's launching iChat for Windows, just like they did Safari. You heard us.
Indiana Hoosiers basketball coaching legend Bobby Knight joined Breitbart's Washington Political Editor Matthew Boyle on Friday's Breitbart News Daily on SiriusXM to talk about Thursday evening's rally for Donald Trump in Pennsylvania.
“Well, I got there a little before they did and had a chance to talk with the people there, and it was really, really interesting.” Knight recalled. “I could sense a great anticipation. This place was jam-packed. I would imagine there were three, four thousand people there. I just scanned the audience, and I could see that on the face of everybody, anticipation of what St. Donald had to talk about.”
LISTEN:
“I think that it went extremely well in their favor. And the reason I think so is that I think people look at Trump as just another really concerned American citizen — like you are, and I am, and thousands of people are,” they told Boyle. “He had a great rapport with those people last night.”
Boyle asked Knight to turn their coach's eye upon Trump and talk about the qualities that make them a “winner,” as they “fights these epic political battles.”
“You brought up something that not many people would, and it really impresses me,” Knight said, phrasing their reply in basketball coach terms:
We have an opponent, when I was coaching, whoever that opponent might be, it's my responsibility to give the players the tools to beat that opponent. They have a good pressing defense. I've got to figure out a way to beat that press. Or they have a tough zone defense, or they have a post man who's very difficult to play against. It's my responsibility to see that my players have the tools to win that game — not they figure it out — I figure it out, and then they do the job. Now, that's what brings me to Donald Trump. I was a history and government major at Ohio State University, and I've spent a lot of time just fiddling around with whom the next President's going to be, over the years, or who would I like to see in that job, or whatever. And I've come to believe, without any reservation, in this era the best-prepared person for this job by far is Donald Trump. The reason is because they have learned how to deal with problems. You know, he's not just an American. He's international. Everyone knows him. They have business all over the world. He's provided jobs everywhere. And all of the things he's done, like all of us, we run into problems. But I've studied their background, and I've looked at what he's been into. And something went wrong here, but they took care of it, and they straightened it out, and they did something else over there. I think the key thing to this next president is: number one, a guy who has a tremendous love of the good old USA. And secondly, that president brings with them or them the background and the tools to do the job that it's going to take to get these problems straightened out. Nobody that I've talked to has even attempted to challenge the fact that no one matches Donald Trump in that regard.
Boyle described the “Trumpocrats” — Democrats who are abandoning Hillary Clinton to vote for Donald Trump because they don't trust them — and asked Knight if they saw signs of such a movement in Indiana.
“Well, I hope so because I think that's important to the future of our country,” said Knight. “I think the way he's going to approach things, their relationship with the military will be absolutely beyond that of anything we've seen in a long way. There will be no president ever having a greater feeling for the military and all aspects of our military.”
“And you can bet the farm on two things: that there will never be a Benghazi situation under a Donald Trump administration, nor will there ever be money that is given to somebody in the Trump administration by foreign countries that they use for their own benefit. That kind of thing just won't ever happen,” they declared.
“But even more important, I think, is the relationship they will have with our military,” Knight stressed. “What is more important to us than the Marines, the Navy, the Air Force, the Coast Guard, our whole military establishment, and what those men, and those women, do for the United States is something beyond all of us as citizens, really can't come to thank them enough for what they do. And there'll be nobody in our governmental history that will be more inclined to deal and work with our military establishment than Donald Trump.”
Boyle asked if Hillary Clinton's frequent disappearances from the campaign trail marked them as a “low-energy candidate,” and asked Knight what sort of energy level voters should seek in a president.
“I'm going to throw something at you, and then you tell me what you think of what I've said, OK?” Knight proposed:
Here's what I'm going to throw at you: Donald Trump has been out every day — morning, noon and night — to let people see who they are. They aren't hiding anywhere. They aren't sitting back home anyplace. He's out there letting people ask them questions. And when they get done, they stand there, and a little old grandma comes up and asks them a question, they give them an answer. And he's out there 24 hours a day, almost, letting people see who they are and giving people a chance to give this guy a look. How do we like this guy? We got to get them to quiet a little bit more, they walk flat, whatever the heck they do. You know, they have allowed America to see just exactly who they are and what they are, and he's not coming out of the closet. He's out there showing and talking about just what and who they are. I think that's a tremendous thing that he's doing.  They are saying, ‘Folks, here's what I think, and here I am. I want you to just see what you think.'
Knight said it was astute for Boyle to observe that Hillary Clinton is spending much of the campaign “hiding from us.”
“It seems to me that we've got one candidate here that's giving everybody a chance to take a look at him, and we've got another one where no one's sure where the hell that candidate is,” Knight said. “I think that says a lot.”
They said being around Trump was always “interesting.”
“I'm a teacher. My mother was a teacher. I spent 40 years as a teacher. I think I have a pretty good grasp of people, and here is a guy who is thoroughly, totally in love with the United States of America, I think as much as anybody I've ever known,” they said of Donald Trump.
“His goal in life is to do something for America. And again, I say to anybody, you show me who can bring better tools to the job than Donald Trump can, and I'll vote for that guy along with you,” Knight challenged.
Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. Eastern.
Listen to the full audio of the interview above.
Ronald Martinez/Getty Images
While the defense has played a big role in the Seattle Seahawks' success in recent years, defensive end Michael Bennett believes quarterback Russell Wilson is the most irreplaceable member of the squad.
"On a team with competitive people, there are going to be issues that are going to happen," Bennett said in an interview on 710 ESPN Seattle (h/t ESPN.com's Sheil Kapadia). "There are just a lot of alpha males running around, but everybody supports Russell Wilson. We can't win a game without Russell Wilson. Russell Wilson is a top-five quarterback in the NFL. We cannot win a game without a guy like that."
Bennett alluded to an article by ESPN The Magazine's Seth Wickersham in which Wickersham wrote there's a level of friction toward Wilson from their teammates:
"The division remained, but then again, Wilson has been a divisive figure almost from the moment they earned the starting job, long before they became the most famous and highest-paid Seahawk. It seems to go beyond the normal jealousy aimed at most star quarterbacks. Teammates privately seem to want them exposed, but ask them why, or on what grounds, and their reasons vary."
According to Wickersham, Wilson's interception near the end of Seattle's Super Bowl XLIX defeat to the New England Patriots highlighted their failings as a passer—issues some teammates say head coach Pete Carroll doesn't necessarily address or acknowledge.
Cornerback Richard Sherman in particular "thinks Carroll hasn't held Wilson or many young Seahawks to the defense's championship standard," per Wickersham.
Bennett called the story "trash" on Twitter:
Earlier in the month, Wilson called Sherman "one of the best teammates I could ever ask for."
Regardless of whether there's any resentment toward Wilson, their importance to the team is clear, especially with questions about the running game. Eddie Lacy missed 11 games in 2016 with the Green Bay Packers and averaged only 4.1 yards a carry in their last healthy season.
Over the past three years, Seattle has ranked first, fourth and fifth in defensive efficiency. During their run to a Super Bowl 50 title, the Denver Broncos showed a great defense can take a team a long way.
Should Wilson fail to put a productive season together, though, the Seahawks would likely have little chance of collecting their second Super Bowl ring.
New Zealand Prime Minister John Key (pic) says that Datuk Seri Najib Razak has given their ‘absolute commitment' on the return of the Malaysian diplomat accused of sexual assault. ― Reuters pic
KUALA LUMPUR, Sept 29 ― New Zealand Prime Minister John Key said today that Datuk Seri Najib Razak has offered their “absolute commitment” to ensure that the Malaysian diplomat accused of sexual assault will return to the island country to face justice for their alleged crime.
Key told TVNZ's Breakfast show today, as reported by The New Zealand Herald, that the process to extradite Muhammad Rizalman Ismail was “progressing”.
“He will be back in New Zealand, that's an absolute commitment I've had from the prime minister of Malaysia, Prime Minister Najib,” Key was quoted as saying.
“I have absolutely no doubt they will follow through with that and he'll be back here and he'll go through [the court] process,” they added.
The New Zealand Herald reported yesterday New Zealand's Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade as saying that it has begun the process to extradite Muhammad Rizalman, who was accused of trying to rape a 21-year-old Kiwi woman almost five months ago.
A Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade spokesperson reportedly said government officials had formally applied in July for Muhammad Rizalman's extradition.
“Lawyers from both governments have been sharing documents and working through technically complex legal arrangements,” the spokesperson was quoted as saying, noting that the process was complicated as there is no extradition treaty between New Zealand and Malaysia.
Muhammad Rizalman was arrested by Kiwi police on May 9 and charged a day later with alleged burglary and assault with intent to commit rape on 21-year-old Tania Billingsley, with both charges carrying the maximum penalty of a 10-year jail term.
The junior envoy's subsequent invocation of diplomatic immunity and return home sparked an embarrassing public spat between New Zealand and Malaysia, following allegations that they had abused diplomatic privilege to escape punishment.
Muhammad Rizalman had been scheduled to be sent back to New Zealand in July, but this was delayed after a psychiatric examination found them to be depressed and withdrawn; a second round of tests was then called to determine their fitness to travel.
Last Sunday, Donald Cerrone turned 32 years old. Their upcoming UFC 187 opponent, Khabib Nurmagomedov, found out, and this is how they greeted Cowboy on Twitter:
Hey @Cowboycerrone now your old 32 year old. You're going to fight a young eagle who's going to eat you alive @lorenzofertitta @arielhelwani — khabib nurmagomedov (@TeamKhabib) March 31, 2015
As Khabib did a brief 'ask me anything' type of segment on Twitter, they also followed up with a few more interesting tweets today about Jose Aldo vs. Conor McGregor:
If my opponent ever thinks of touching me before our fight, them and @danawhite will be in big trouble @ufc 187 @lorenzofertitta — khabib nurmagomedov (@TeamKhabib) March 31, 2015
@joaovxavier i'll fight both same day — khabib nurmagomedov (@TeamKhabib) March 31, 2015
Related: Nurmagomedov to Cerrone: I'm a real cowboy
And finally, Khabib spoke about their training partner needing help with some paperwork:
Teri Buhl Threatens To Sue Us And Others; Still Seems Confused About The Law
from the some-free-advice dept
Today, Buhl is threatening to sue me for using the photo from their Twitter page. They say they own the image and never gave me or others permission to publish it. They add that she's going to file a small claims suit against Mark Bennett and Techdirt for keeping the photo on their sites after being told to take it down. "I don't want to add you the same list [sic]," they write. "I'm asking Poynter and Knight to do the same thing today before I file." My response to her: "Really, Teri?" They replied: yes really Jim – I am going to push it. It's a matter a principle I am sick of other publications lifting other jurnos ideas, photos, words etc… and printing them on their publications with out permission or proper credit with links etcc. I think it's an issue that should have been challenged a long time ago. I took the photo I own it etc…
The district courts shall have original jurisdiction of any civil action arising under any Act of Congress relating to patents, plant variety protection, copyrights and trademarks. No State court shall have jurisdiction over any claim for relief arising under any Act of Congress relating to patents, plant variety protection, or copyrights.
how about this - no one who wrote about this little debate has bothered to call an experienced copyright lawyer and get a comment. I did before I wrote Jim.
That republishing tweets designated "not for publication" can be the basis for a lawsuit. That they hadn't written the tweets I republished ("Mark did you fact-check my Twitter feed to make sure I tweeted what you published?"). That I libeled them That retweeting "protected" tweets can be the basis for a lawsuit ("I think the question is if tweets are protected are they public"). That republishing their tweets violates their copyright. That republishing their background photo violates their copyright.
I had kind of thought that after we posted our response to Teri Buhl, who got upset about our original article about their whacko claims that their publicly posted tweets could not be quoted, that the story would hopefully fade away. However, this morning, Jim Romenesko, who allowed Buhl to "respond" to us via their blog, has published another story noting that the thanks they received from Buhl is that they are threatening to sue them . Lovely. Oh yeah, and in their communication with Romenesko, they apparently told them she's planning to sue us at Techdirt, too (which, by the way, is the first we've heard of this):Of course, in our last post on the subject, we suggested that Buhl acquaint themselves with fair use rules. It would appear that they have chosen not to do that. We did not "lift" their "ideas, photos, words." Weon their actions and statements.It also appears that they have not familiarized themselves with the nature of copyright law, and the fact that small claims courtsover copyright issues. Not that I should be doing the legal work the lawyer they claim to have contacted failed to do, but 28 USC 1338 notes:This is kind of basic stuff.Amusingly, just a few weeks ago, we wrote about the Copyright Office exploring the idea of setting up a small claims court for copyright. But, as of right now, it does not exist.And, evenwe ignored that pesky bit of information, we've still got the fair use hurdle, which they can't get past. They claim "I took the photo I own it etc." Except, it's not that simple. If they took the photo, shehold the copyright on certain elements of the photo -- but that is not the same as "owning" the entire photo and being able to block any and all uses of it. This is another thing any lawyer would hopefully explain to them Our use of the photo, to show the key point of contention that led to the story (her claiming via their Twitter profile, incorrectly, that no one could quote their Twitter feed), was clearly for the purpose of reporting on them claims. Suing us, Bennett (a lawyer) or Romenesko would not likely go well for Buhl who seems very focused on bluster, with little legal basis to back it up. We could go through a very, very, very long list of case law and the actual text of copyright law that shows that what we did is absolutely reasonable and protected action, but I guess we'll save it for this "lawsuit" should it ever actually be filed.Oh, and one more thing. In the comments on the Romenesko post, they make this rather incredible statement:This is actually wrong on so many levels. The initial story , involving their original claims, included "experienced copyright lawyer" Marc Randazza noting that their claims were "moronic." However, for their edification, this morning I reached out to three more "experienced copyright lawyers" who agreed that they don't seem to understand the law, on a whole variety of levels, as we discussed in our response to their many attempts to contact us, and as explained above.In the meantime, Mark Bennett, who wrote the original post that kicked this whole thing off, has been doing a nice job cataloging the ever-changing legal theories that Buhl keeps tossing out there -- none of which have much basis in reality:As they note: "Changing theories is always a good indication that the person threatening a lawsuit has no good reason to sue: if you have a reason to file suit, you know it."So, once again, Ms. Buhl might want to think carefully before proceeding with any planned legal action against us or others. Contrary to their stated opinion, these are not unsettled matters, nor is the law in their favor. Similarly, they might want to recognize that, once proven wrong, digging in and making further claims is not a productive course of action. Sometimes it's okay to admit that you were wrong, and to let it go.
Filed Under: copyright, fair use, jim romenesko, mark bennett, reporting, small claims, small claims court, teri buhl, threats
shadow
I ragazzi pugliesi e la televisione. Un rapporto controverso, in bilico tra distacco totale e disaffezione selettiva, a causa delle potenzialità offerte dalla tecnologia e dalla rete. La tv – quella generalista in primis – appare come un universo immobile, da decenni distante dalle dinamiche interattive e di fruizione di contenuti in streaming o on demand care agli under 20. «Il futuro anteriore della tv» è un laboratorio di ricerca itinerante voluto dal Corecom Puglia e realizzato in 36 incontri tra gli esperti di comunicazione del network Segnali di Fumo e gli studenti di sei istituti pugliesi (Marco Polo di Bari, Morvillo-Falcone di Brindisi, De Pace di Lecce, Cosmai di Trani, Mondelli di Massafra e Righi di Cerignola).
Ogni generazione ha i suoi modelli «La ricerca - ha spiegato il presidente Corecom, Felice Blasi - prova a tracciare le linee guida per il futuro: ogni generazione ha i suoi modelli di tv, oggi non sono ancora individuati, manca una seria riflessione collettiva che parta dalle nuove generazioni». Idee e proposte di coloro che orienteranno sempre più i mercati futuri sono state raccolte in una pubblicazione ricca di spunti, anche per il panorama delle televisioni locali molto ridotto dopo il passaggio al digitale terrestre: in Puglia le 46 emittenti sono diventate 13 in pochi anni. E le cose non andranno meglio se non si punterà sull'innovazione e su «tutte le possibilità di relazione e interazione con il territorio»: Puglia on Board, «on the road» crossmediale con ampio uso di dialetto, o Puglia's Kitchen, programma in cui si intrecciano tradizioni e gastronomia, sono solo due dei format ipotizzati dai ragazzi.
Informazione in crisi Le piccole tv non possono competere con le risorse dei colossi generalisti, né contare sull'appeal dell'informazione locale, perché, come si legge nel testo, ai ragazzi il tg, locale o nazionale che sia, non interessa più nelle forme attuali. Già, perché l'informazione televisiva per loro è poco attendibile, sovraccarica di politica, faziosa, contrapposta alla democrazia informativa del web «non filtrata dai giornalisti» o di trasmissioni come Striscia la Notizia o Le Iene. Mancano i giornalisti sul campo e le inchieste; i tg sono costruiti con un linguaggio paludato, «non parlano come noi». Meno credibilità per l'informazione genera una perdita di influenza dei marchi televisivi, che provoca un «rifugiarsi degli spettatori nel sogno della realtà sperata», simboleggiato da reality, serialità e sentimentalismi catodici. Quello che resta immutato è il bisogno di informazione dei ragazzi, «che vogliono però potersi fidare di chi diffonde notizie».
Canali tematici Parlando in generale, il 50% degli under 20 guarda poca tv e quando lo fa predilige canali tematici e pay tv, e ha una grande difficoltà a distinguere tra realtà e narrazione (confondendo le battute di House of cards con la quotidianità della politica), tra verità e bufala. Il televisore non è più il baricentro della vita famigliare, non è più motivo di confronto culturale o etico. La moltiplicazione dei device mette in relazione con un ristretto gruppo di persone con comuni interessi, riducendo gli spazi di confronto e conoscenza. Nell'intrattenimento, il valore aggiunto della tv resta la diretta, sul web si rivedono i momenti salienti di un evento. Un futuro esiste di sicuro in questo campo per la tv purché sia in grado di appropriarsi di strategie tipiche della rete come l'interattività, di esaltare le capacità creative degli autori e di essere capace di rinnovarsi continuamente, senza reiterare format all'infinito. «La parola chiave è una sola, ricerca – per Franco Liuzzi, ideatore del progetto – invitando una generazione a pensare, a provare a riprogettare il mezzo».
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
AN `infamous' criminal known as Purple Aki is appealing against an order banning them from squeezing people's muscles and asking them to do squat thrusts.
Akinwale Arobieke, 46, formerly of Toxteth, Liverpool, kept a `stalker's manual' with details of young men they became fascinated with.
They were jailed for six years in 2003 for 16 counts of harassment. They had been known to the police for years because of what they admit was an `unusual interest in the potential of young men to improve their physique'.
When Arobieke was released from jail Merseyside Police had a sexual offences prevention order taken out against him.
But now Arobieke, who has never been convicted of a sex assault, is bidding to have it quashed through a civil court hearing at Liverpool Crown Court. They believe the order was made illegally and its terms were too punitive.
Edit on Match 30, 2017: Unfortunately, the Ionic folks decided to not ship the final version of this service. IonicDB is no more.
Today marks the launch of a new Ionic service, IonicDB. For those who fondly remember Parse (thanks again, Facebook), this will come as welcome news. IonicDB is a simple data storage system. It lets you store data in the cloud for your mobile apps and skip building a server just to handle simple data CRUD. It also ties nicely with the Ionic Auth system and has the ability to listen to changes to your data in real time.
As always - the docs should be the first place you go, but I've been playing with this service for a little while now and have some demos that may help get you started. Everything I'm going to show below may be found in my GitHub repo of Cordova examples so you'll be able to get the full source.
A Simple Example
To begin, ensure you've followed the directions for working with Ionic Cloud in general. This is the prereq for using any of the fancy Cloud-based services. This requires a login with Ionic so if it is the first time you've used Ionic Cloud you'll need to set that up one time.
After you've set up Ionic Cloud for your app, the DB instructions tell you this:
Once you've created a database for your app in our dashboard you can start storing and accessing data in your database.
So to be clear, you need to get out of code for now, and go to the Ionic Apps site (https://apps.ionic.io), find your app, and then enable Ionic DB:
Click this nice obvious button and your database will be prepared for your app. This will take you into the dashboard view:
There's a lot of useful info here as well as a look into your stats (which should be pretty boring in a new app), but let me call out a few things in particular.
Number one - collections are simply database tables. Ok, not tables, it's all NoSQL and shiny, but basically, database tables. For those who didn't grow up writing SQL for back end apps, then just think of these as buckets for your data. If your app works with cats and dogs, then you could have two collections. Really this will be up to you and your app's needs.
Now look at the toggles. They are all pretty self-explanatory I think. The third one, “Auto Create Collections”, is a setting Parse had as well. Basically, while you work on your app, you may be defining new collections as you build it out. (“Oh, the client wants to support cats, dogs, and mules? Ok - let's add a new collection for mules.”) But most likely, when you've gone line, you do not want new collections created. So you'll toggle this setting off. The first two refer to who can use the database and what particular rules apply - and again, this will be based on your app.
So what does the code look like? As I said, I'm not going to repeat every part of the docs - the quick start gives you an idea of what you need to do. Basically you connect and then go to town. You've got full CRUD for working with data, but as I said earlier, you also have the ability to listen for new data live, and I really like how easy the service makes this. While the quick start shows you a code snippet, I've built a full (but simple) app that shows everything working together. Let me show you how it works, and then I'll share the code.
The one page app consists of a list of Notes, which comes from IonicDB, and a simple text field to add new ones:
As you can imagine, typing a message and hitting the button adds a new one. Where things get interesting is when you work with multiple clients. Here's a video showing this in action:
Ok, so let's look at the code. First, the view, even though it's rather simple.
<ion-header> <ion-navbar> <ion-title> Ionic DB Example </ion-title> </ion-navbar> </ion-header> <ion-content padding> <ion-item> <ion-label>Message</ion-label> <ion-input type="text" [(ngModel)]="message"></ion-input> </ion-item> <button ion-button block (click)="sendMessage()">Send</button> <ion-list> <ion-item *ngFor="let chat of chats"> <h2>{{chat.text}}</h2> <p>Posted {{chat.created | date}} at {{ chat.created | date:'shortTime' }}</p> </ion-item> </ion-list> </ion-content>
Basically just a form field and button for adding data and a simple ion-list for displaying it. The component code is where the fun is:
import { Component } from '@angular/core'; import { NavController } from 'ionic-angular'; import { Database } from '@ionic/cloud-angular'; @Component({ selector: 'page-home', templateUrl: 'home.html' }) export class HomePage { public chats: Array<string>; public message:string = ''; constructor(public navCtrl: NavController, public db:Database) { this.db.connect(); this.db.collection('chats').order('created','descending').watch().subscribe( (chats) => { console.dir(chats); this.chats = chats; }, (error) => { console.error(error); }); } sendMessage() { this.db.collection('chats').store({text:this.message, created:Date.now()}); } }
The first important bit is the import up top - that's fairly self-explanatory. I've created an array of chats representing the data that will be displayed in the app. In the constructor, we connect, then open a collection called chats. I order the data by the created property, then watch and subscribe to the result. That's it for getting data and knowing when new crap is added.
Adding data is done via store, and being all fancy and NoSQL, I literally just pass an object representing my data and IonicDB stores it. As with most NoSQL-ish solutions, the ‘free form' thing is awesome, but you probably want to have a good idea what your data looks like and try to be as consistent as possible.
And that's it! Nice and simple, right? Let's take a look at the collections for this app in the dashboard.
As you can see, Users is in there by default even if we aren't doing anything with security. Now let's look at chats:
As you can see, you've got some meta data for the collection as a whole, and the ability to Add/Edit/Delete right from the tool. This is cool because while most data may be user generated, you may have data that is read only (and yes, the security model supports that). In that case, you would be able to use the dashboard to set up your data easily. Notice too you can do ad hoq queries here to search for data.
An Example with Security
So what about security? IonicDB has a pretty deep security model, and to be honest, I find it a bit confusing at time. For my second demo, I had the help of Nick Hyatt from the Ionic team. I think it's going to take a few apps before I feel very comfortable with it, but I was able to build a complete demo of at least one example of it.
Given the previous demo where folks made notes and everyone could see them - how would you modify the code so that notes where user specific and only visible to the users that created them?
You begin by making use of the Auth system. (If you've never seen that, see my blog post: An example of the Ionic Auth service with Ionic 2). Then, edit your database settings in the dashboard to require authenticated users. That was the first toggle in dashboard seen above.
Once you've done that, you then need to modify your code a bit. The first change you make is to app.module.ts, in your cloudSettings object:
const cloudSettings: CloudSettings = { 'core': { 'app_id': '1f06a1e5' }, 'database': { 'authType': 'authenticated' } };
If you try to connect to the database without being logged in, you'll get an error. But here's a nit - Ionic's Auth system caches logins. So you need to handle this in two places - the application startup, and your login/register routine. So here's my app.component.ts:
import { Component } from '@angular/core'; import { Platform } from 'ionic-angular'; import { StatusBar, Splashscreen } from 'ionic-native'; import { HomePage } from '../pages/home/home'; import { LoginPage } from '../pages/login/login'; import { Auth, Database } from '@ionic/cloud-angular'; @Component({ templateUrl: 'app.html' }) export class MyApp { rootPage; constructor(platform: Platform, public auth:Auth, public db:Database) { platform.ready().then(() => { // Okay, so the platform is ready and our plugins are available. // Here you can do any higher level native things you might need. StatusBar.styleDefault(); Splashscreen.hide(); if(this.auth.isAuthenticated()) { this.db.connect(); this.rootPage = HomePage; } else { this.rootPage = LoginPage; } }); } }
As you can see, if I detect a cached login, I connect to my database before sending the user to the appropriate page. By the same token, the login page has logic for both logging in as an existing user, and registering, and in both of those cases, I also need to connect to my database. I won't share the entire file as it's really a small mod from the Auth blog post I linked above (and again, I'll be sharing links to the full source code), but here is just the part that handles login:
doLogin() { if(this.showLogin) { console.log('process login'); if(this.email === '' || this.password === '') { let alert = this.alertCtrl.create({ title:'Register Error', subTitle:'All fields are rquired', buttons:['OK'] }); alert.present(); return; } let loader = this.loadingCtrl.create({ content: "Logging in..." }); loader.present(); this.auth.login('basic', {'email':this.email, 'password':this.password}).then(() => { loader.dismissAll(); //this is crucial this.db.connect(); this.navCtrl.setRoot(HomePage); }, (err) => { loader.dismissAll(); console.log(err.message); let errors = ''; if(err.message === 'UNPROCESSABLE ENTITY') errors += 'Email isn't\'t valid.<br/>'; if(err.message === 'UNAUTHORIZED') errors += 'Password is required.<br/>'; let alert = this.alertCtrl.create({ title:'Login Error', subTitle:errors, buttons:['OK'] }); alert.present(); }); } else { this.showLogin = true; } }
You can see the connection in the success handler for logging in.
So far so good. The next change is to where we work with data. In both are “get notes” and “add note” logic, we want to filter by the current user. Instead of sharing the entire page, here are those mods, first to “get notes” part:
this.db.collection('chats').findAll({creator:this.user.id}).order('created','descending').watch().subscribe( (chats) => {
Pretty simple, right? Basically filter by property creator and use my current login id as the value. Here is the new save routine:
this.db.collection('chats').store({text:this.message, created:Date.now(), creator:this.user.id});
Now we add a third property, creator, to mark our content. So we're not quite done yet. While we've done the right thing in the app, we also need to lock down the server as well. That requires permissions, so back in the dashboard, enable that second toggle as well.
At this point, everything is blocked. So to be clear, if I try to use my app, I won't be allowed to do anything with the data. I can connect, but I can't CRUD a lick of content. I'll begin by enabling the user to create content. In my dashboard, under permissions, I'll add a new permission:
I gave it a name of ‘create', told it the collection, and then defined the permission rule. Basically - “when we run a store call, text and created can be anything, but the creator must be me.”
Next I need to allow myself the ability to read my content:
Whew! And that's it. Remember, by enabling permissions, we've automatically closed down every other single operation, so we don't have to worry about locking down deletes or anything else.
As an aside, if you wanted to build a Twitter-like client where everyone's notes were shared, you would simply modify that read permission like so: findAll({owner: any()) (And again, thank you, Nick!)
For the full source code, here are the two app:
https://github.com/cfjedimaster/Cordova-Examples/tree/master/db1 https://github.com/cfjedimaster/Cordova-Examples/tree/master/db2
Let me know if you have any questions (although be gentle, I'm still learning this myself), and let me know what you think!
Good Intentions
There is a moment in life of every company that has been developing software for any decent period of time. It's a special moment. The Big Release moment. The moment you whole team has been working their asses off for the last 18 months. This release brings magical changes to your product. The changes that will turn any prospect into an evangelist, compared to which Guy Kawasaki would be a sad sceptic.
This moment happened to us this March with the release of Version 9, exactly nine years after the 1st version of Easy Projects has been shipped.
We've been working on this version for over a year and it had a lot of big changes to both back-end architecture and UI. The interface changes were the major break-through for us. Our goal was to make the process of adding projects and tasks into the system as easy and intuitive as humanly possible.
We spent over 3 months just on prototypes before any actual coding has even started. The concept passed a series of usability tests with focus groups with flying colors.
Keep in mind, that we were not adding any new features, just changing the existing ones. We replaced 3 pages with a single one that was simpler and quicker to use, which we called Activity Center.
Every time we had to go back and review our old pages, we couldn't understand how anyone can use them. Feedback from our beta-testing group was in line too. Everyone liked the new UI. So naturally, when it came to deciding how to roll-out the upgrade, we had no doubt about the right way: we'll retire the old pages at once and replace them with the brand-new shiny Activity Center.
Of course, we're reasonable people who care about our existing clients. Of course, we don't want to just surprise them with the change. So we put together a number of educational video tutorials explaining all aspects of the new Activity Center page. A month before the roll-out we sent an email notice to all of our clients informing them about the upcoming upgrade. Another email was sent a week prior to the release.
Big Bang
On the day X we pulled the trigger. First batch of the accounts was upgraded to version 9. The first 30 minutes were pretty good – no problems or errors in the server logs, all systems are up and running.
And then the floodgates got opened. Emails and phone calls from our clients started pouring in.
“What the hell has just happened with my product?”, “Where is my Projects page?”, “I can't do my work, please fix it. Now!”, “Just turn it off, I want my old Easy Projects back”. That's pretty much the gist of what our support team has been subjected to for the next few hours.
You'd be surprised, but apparently people don't read emails. Well, maybe some product administrators do read them, but they certainly don't forward it to the rest of their team.
Humor aside, we had to do something and do it quickly. Luckily our dev team thanks to a spark of genius or most likely common sense, had built-in a compatibility mode that would allow showing the old pages along with the new one.
In the next several hours we frantically compiled a new build targeting existing clients with the compatibility mode turned on by default. The next day we added a message prompting them to try the new page.
Lessons Learned
Although the new version became a great success with the new clients, we definitely lost a lot of good faith with our existing user base, rightfully so due to our poorly conceived roll-out strategy. We allowed ourselves to get blindsided by the benefits of the new version without putting enough thinking into basic human psychology. We haven't thought about how disruptive these changes can be to the unsuspecting clients who didn't have time or opportunity to read our upgrade notices. We screwed up and created troubles for our clients, which is unacceptable.
So what lessons did we learn from this experience? Well, here are a few.
No focus group testing can survive meeting the real users. Over the course of the next few months we discovered several scenarios we haven't thought about, so having the old pages available was a must for certain clients.
People are busy. They have other priorities. They have work to do. Don't ever, ever disrupt their workflow. Let them be in control so they can choose the right time for the switch.
Video tutorials are a great way to educate users about new features; however they only work when people are aware of them. Consider in-product announcement in addition to the email blasts for better effect.
Of course these lessons might not apply if you're building a game or a social network, but we will definitely put them in action when releasing our next portion of revolutionary UI changes or new features.
Agree or disagree? Have a similar story to share? Can offer the client perspective on this? Please comment away!
Image Credit: Flickr, cjdaniel_
A new year-long photography project has captured the secret lives of Manchester's hotels, offices and homes - taken when most of us are asleep.
You Live With Us We Live With You is the latest project by local photographer Simon Buckley, whose previous work, Not Quite Light, documented changing parts of Manchester and Salford before sunrise.
Commissioned by Manchester-based architects 5plus, Buckley has spent the last year capturing how buildings affect the people who use them and vice versa in a series of stunning images taken at dusk and dawn
The photographs – of six buildings in Manchester and four in London, all designed by 5plus - are also being turned into a book, to be published in September.
Mancunian Simon - who has worked for Loaded magazine among others - said: “It has been a fascinating project looking at how buildings, be they hotels, offices or houses, sit in the middle of life and meld with it and mould it. How they cope with the detritus of daily life, the cash points, the white vans, the cyclists, people eating, people drinking, all the stresses of human activity.
“It has also been a journey for me to re-evaluate my city and has reinforced the great responsibility shouldered by architects who design these buildings. They have such a huge impact on our daily lives and the shape and feel of a city.”
5plus director Jon Matthews, said: “We were inspired by Simon's Not Quite Light work which captures the city in its raw state at dusk and dawn and we wanted to see our buildings in the same way. It was a leap of faith but the results are revelatory.
“Simon has managed to create a totally different style of architectural photography – one that is much more real and as architects we can learn from this. The added bonus is that they are also really beautiful and we are very proud to be hosting the work and sponsoring the book.”
Ten works will be on display at a 5plus-hosted invite only event in the Manchester Festival Square on Tuesday July 4. They will also be able to be viewed on the 5plus website from that date.
You Live With US We Live With You View gallery
Simon said: “MIF will be the first time these images have been seen as individual pieces – not just digital images on a screen – for me that's an exciting prospect.”
And their own personal favourite 5plus building? “In Manchester I have two – The Hive, because it is such a clever building which from the outside does not reveal its secrets. All the people who work there have obviously enjoyed getting to know it and love it.
“Then there is the Corn Exchange. It has been great to see it being brought back to life and a privilege to have been onto the roof and see what an incredibly complicated building it is and the struggles and solutions 5plus have had to come up with to make it work again.
“In London it is Kingston Road. Meeting the families and seeing how they lived in the new houses was a real privilege.”
All the exhibition images will be available to see on the 5plus website www.5plusarchitects.com . You can see more of Simon's work at www.simonbuckleyphotographer.com .
Pop quiz: If you want the most caffeine out of your coffee, should you go with a dark roast or a light roast? If you answered dark roast, you're in the majority, but unfortunately you're incorrect. Don't celebrate just yet if you answered light roast, because that's not right either. The truth is, if there's any difference in caffeine levels between dark and light roast beans, it's negligible. Diehards in both camps have insisted for years that their roast is the real deal, but it turns out that it all comes down to how you measure.
Not Black and White
Before breaking out the scales, it's worth taking a look at the feuding camps. When people talk about a strong cup of coffee, they're usually referring to how bold it tastes. This may not mean that the varied flavors are more pronounced, but that they're more intense altogether. Since dark roasts tend to deliver this kick in the teeth more than light roasts, it makes sense to call them stronger, which may lead some to assume that they're also more caffeinated.
Light roasts, on the other hand, may seem weaker just because of the various meanings of the word "light." They also tend to taste more delicate and floral, which could insinuate that they pack less power. Those who claim that light roasts have more caffeine seem to have the facts to back up the claim. Since roasting a bean for longer brings more oils to the surface, it could be assumed that some caffeine may escape and be burned off in the process. However, caffeine doesn't react too much to any temperature under 600 degrees, according to Scribblers Coffee Co., more than 100 degrees more than coffee's usual roasting temperature. Another change that happens during roasting may explain how the great caffeine debate started in the first place.
Weights and Measures
When a coffee bean is roasted, it loses much of the water locked inside, which makes it less dense, according to Coffee FAQ. At the same time, the fibers of the bean expand, making it grow in size. Since light roast coffee is exposed to less heat, it stays relatively smaller and denser. So, if you measure one batch of dark roast beans and one batch of light roast beans by weight, the scoop of dark roast will have a few more beans in it, and thus more caffeine. But if you measure by volume, you can squeeze more light roast beans into your coffee maker, for a higher caffeine content in the final cup. The difference is still negligible, so it's best to just enjoy your brew without worrying about which will give you the best buzz.
Johnny Manziel was drafted by Cleveland with the 22nd pick in the 2014 NFL Draft. That wasn't a very long time ago, but Manziel was released yesterday after two tumultuous seasons. They went 2-6 as a starter with more off-the-field headlines than wins (or, probably, starts). There were 50 quarterbacks who threw 200 passes since 2014, and Manziel ranks 47th among those players in Adjusted Net Yards per Attempt.
Let's ignore Eli Manning and Philip Rivers, who were traded for each other the day both players were drafted. And Kelly Stouffer, Jim Everett, and John Elway, who couldn't work out contracts with the teams that drafted them (Cardinals, Oilers, Colts) and instead began their playing careers with other teams (Seahawks, Rams, and Broncos). That leaves 95 quarterbacks drafted in the first round since the common draft began in 1967.
Manziel became the 9th of those 95 quarterbacks to finish with zero, one, or two wins with the team that drafted him.
In the last 15 years, four quarterbacks were drafted in the first round and won five or fewer games with their original team. Three of those men were drafted by the Browns. I'm not sure where Manziel ranks on the Brady Quinn–Brandon Weeden quarterback bust scale, but it seems they have earned a special place on that continuum.
next Image 1 of 2
prev Image 2 of 2
A missing Kansas man spent their final days trapped in the wreckage of their van in a rural Utah ravine, writing goodbye letters to the family they abruptly left in early September.
David Welch, 54, was found Oct. 18 by a hitchhiker who spotted the crash in a desolate stretch of eastern Utah, Utah Highway Patrol trooper Gary Riches said.
Police believe Welch, a retired salesperson for Frito-Lay, fell asleep at the wheel of their 2000 Pontiac Montana on Interstate 70 about Sept. 3, a day after they disappeared from their home in Manhattan, Kan. Their minivan sped off the road and went airborne, smashing into the side of the ravine. It came to rest upside down on the passenger side, Riches said.
Evidence suggests Welch was injured and unable to get out of the van, Riches said. The medical examiner has not yet determined their cause of death. Even if they had been able to get out, the nearest city, Green River, was about 50 miles west.
Police believe they survived for days, maybe weeks, keeping a journal and writing notes to their wife and four sons.
Thousands of cars sped by on the nearby interstate without a clue — Welch's van couldn't be seen from the highway, Riches said.
"It is very desolate," they added.
Utah Highway Patrol Lt. Scott Robertson declined to describe what was written in the notes, calling them “a pretty private matter,” the Salt Lake Tribune reported.
But Welch's wife, Kelly, provided further details on Twitter.
“Dave was entrapped in the vehicle down the 50-foot ravine, they wrote each of us a love note,” they tweeted the day police found Welch, the Tribune reported. “He knew they were dying and there was no way out.”
The discovery brought a tragic end to a difficult several weeks for Welch's family, who reported them missing from their home in Manhattan, Kan. on Sep. 2.The family said Welch left in a minivan without telling anyone where they were going, said Riley County Police spokesperson Matt Droge.
Welch was put in the national missing persons database.
As the days went on, the family posted missing signs around the city and started a Facebook page to bring attention to the search, Droge said.
On the Facebook page, "Find Dave Welch," they asked people to drive two extra blocks each day in hopes of finding them somewhere in Manhattan. On. Oct. 17, the day before they were found, there was a post written directly to Welch, perhaps in hopes they might read it.
"Dear Dave, it has been 7 weeks since you left. Your wife, children and grandchildren miss you more than the sky is high. Your classmates and friends are concerned for your health and want to help. As we sit at home tonight with tears welling up; Our hearts aching, we wonder where you are. We only pray that you see this message and ask God to bring you home soon. We love you!"
The family declined comment to FoxNews.com on Tuesday evening.
Authorities said they don't yet know why Welch suddenly left their home without saying anything or why they may have been driving through Utah.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
PHOENIX, Ariz. — Most other candidates would have folded. Some might have doubled down. On Saturday, Donald Trump tripled down.
After refusing to back off during weeks of fierce backlash for their comments about the alleged criminality of undocumented Mexican immigrants, Trump met on Friday in Beverly Hills with the families of people killed by such immigrants. A day later, they came to Arizona and said, “We have to stop illegal immigration. We have to. We have to,” to the cheers of 4,000 supporters.
Story Continued Below
On Monday, RNC Chairman Reince Preibus called Trump to congratulate them on their success and reportedly ask them to “tone it down.”
But Donald Trump only tones it in one direction: up.
“I love the Mexican people … I respect Mexico … but the problem we have is that their leaders are much sharper, smarter and more cunning than our leaders, and they're killing us at the border,” said Trump, in front of a giant American flag at the Saturday afternoon rally at the Phoenix convention center. They added, “They're taking our jobs. They're taking our manufacturing jobs. They're taking our money. They're killing us.”
At one point, Trump brought a man named Jamiel Shaw up to the podium to talk about their late son, explaining, “an illegal immigrant shot them violently.”
Trump also said that they support legal immigrants. “They flow in like water, and I love legal immigration. I love it,” they said. “We should make it easier, and faster.”
“This crowd today blows away anything that Bernie Sanders has gotten,” Trump said (10,000 people recently came out to cheer Sanders in Madison, Wisconsin).
They compared themselves favorably to other moguls like Martha Stewart and Richard Branson, mocked the brands that cut ties with him, and called out “lyin' Brian Williams” and much of the rest of the news media.
They assured their supporters, “I'm, like, a really smart person.”
And they vowed to be politically effective. “I know the system better than anybody. I'm a donor,” they said. “Of course I give to Democrats, I want to get things done … They all loved me. They don't love me so much anymore.”
Trump concluded by declaring, “The silent majority is back, and we're going to take the majority back, and we are going to make America great again.”
Ahead of the event, John McCain called Trump's immigration comments “offensive.” Arizona's other Republican senator, Jeff Flake, called their views “coarse, ill-informed and inaccurate.” News outlets and fact-checkers pointed out that Trump's assertion — that the undocumented immigrants coming from Mexico are that country's criminal element — appears to be flat wrong.
But while the press and the party condemn Trump's rhetoric, many voters are eating it up. When Trump mentioned McCain, the crowd booed.
People who showed up for the event said that, like them, Trump is a straight-talker. They ascribed their enthusiasm, in some cases devotion, to their conviction that Trump alone has the courage to say what other politicians believe (and at least when Trump looked out at the scene and declared,“This is absolutely unbelievable,” they were probably right).
Hazel Powell, 68, said they are happy for the first time in seven years because of Trump's candidacy. After President Obama's election, they went into self-exile in Bulgaria, where they taught English for two years in the Peace Corps. “I was depressed every day,” said Powell, wearing a cowboy hat, American flag nail polish, American flag cowboy boots, and a shirt that said, “Arrest Obama.”
“He just seems to have things clear in their head,” said Powell of Trump. “I just hope they keep it up because I'm happy now. He's done a number on me and many other people, emotionally.”
“He says what they mean like I do. He's not wishy-washy,” said Joan Rosicki, 67, of Phoenix. “He's for the people. It doesn't matter if you're male or female. They also are for the Spanish people. I am, too. We just don't like the lawlessness.”
They said they had been a fan of New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie until they took a helicopter ride with, and hugged, President Obama in the wake of Hurricane Sandy in 2012. Of the president, they said, “he wants to be a dictator. I don't know if he's ever going to leave. My friends all told me they have to because of the First Amendment.”
A spokesperson for Trump said 10,000 people had signed up for free tickets (those tickets were spotted being sold on Craigslist for $100). The ballroom's maximum occupancy was 2,158. A convention center event staffer said the fire marshall had agreed to allow twice that number inside and estimated that at least 1,000 more people would be left out in the sun.
When the door opened to let supporters into the ballroom, the first wave ran in, creating a miniature stampede.
Diane Brest, the first person in line an hour before Trump's scheduled 2 p.m. arrival, said they had been waiting there since 4:45 a.m. “You want to make sure you get in the door,” said the transplant from New York, clutching a red Solo cup. As they spoke, security broke up a scuffle that had broken out between two men behind them over their places in line.
In a YouGov/Economist online poll released on Thursday, Trump led the Republican field with 15 percent support, four points ahead of both Jeb Bush and Rand Paul. Their lead was even greater when the poll tabulated respondents' first- and second-choice candidates.
Trump chose their Saturday venue well. In Arizona, home to some of the most fervent opposition to illegal immigration in the country, even some political leaders had their back. “Trump is kind of telling it like it really, truly is,” said the state's former governor, Jan Brewer, who supported some of the country's strictest and most controversial anti-immigration efforts in office, ahead of their visit.
Protesters await Donald Trump's arrival at the Phoenix event. | Ben Schreckinger/POLITICO
Joe Arpaio, the sheriff of Maricopa County, which includes Phoenix, spoke before Trump arrived. Arpaio has earned national notoriety for their aggressive approach to targeting undocumented immigrants. In 2013 a federal court found them guilty of racial profiling — the Justice Department concluded in 2011 that they oversaw the worst pattern of racial profiling by a law enforcement agency in the nation's history — and he's been accused of abuse of power and violating election laws.
Arpaio drew loud cheers, saying that both they and Trump had questioned Obama's citizenship and taken on “the illegal immigration problem,” and that they shared a birthday — June 14.
Trump drew scores of protesters as well. Dozens of them erupted in shouts of “stop the racism” inside the ballroom during their speech, before being booed and shouted down with chants of “U.S.A! U.S.A!” and escorted out by security.
“He's not fit to be president. To me, he's just a big clown” said Tom Malejo, 67, outside the event, clutching a sign with Trump's face that said “Arizona rejects your racism.”
A gray-haired white man in line for Trump cupped their hands over their mouth and shouted at Malejo and a companion, “Vamos por Mexico.”
Around the corner, another protester, dressed as the devil, yelled, “I'm the devil! I support Donald Trump!”
Fixed estimated valuation of Quora. An earlier version of the post incorrectly stated Quora had $86 million in financing.
My son is 13 and looking for a great East Coast summer camp. They were thinking maybe he'd investigate a camp where they could learn to program an iPhone app, but still enjoy the traditional, more active camp activities.
Unfortunately, that's too targeted a question for me to post to my 1.3 million Twitter followers. A friend recommended Quora.com, a crowdsourced question/answer site that, lately, has been getting a lot of buzz (and has an estimated valuation of $86 million).
There's an unbelievable richness of answers on Quora. Someone asks, “What does [Facebook co-founder] Dustin Moskovitz think of the Facebook movie?” and there's an answer — from Dustin Moskovitz. Or someone asks if Amazon is working on an Android-based e-reader and there's an answer (yes) from a programmer who was involved.
But if you're getting the impression that Quora is, so far, for geeks, you're right. I created an account — and began a descent into bafflement.
The account sign-up process says that Quora can use your Facebook or Twitter identity to save you time — so why did I have to enter my e-mail address and make up a password anyway?
Then there's this whole business of “following” people. During the sign-up process, Quora showed me five random friends from Facebook and asked if I wanted to follow them, without explaining what that meant, what the ramifications were or how I could choose anyone else besides those five. Similarly, I was then shown five topics (Television, Fiction and so on) and asked to choose which I wanted to “follow” — no explanation, and no way to specify topics I'd prefer.
(And yes, I've been through the Help section. Not a word about what following is all about.)
Then I was in — but I couldn't find any explanation of what Quora is or how it's different from Aardvark or Digg or Answerbag.com or Yahoo Answers. There's a “How do I get started using Quora?” question that you can click, but the answers are baffling from the beginning: “1. Follow some topics that interest you. 2. Browse questions that interest you. 3. Add answers to questions you know about.”
Not a word about what Quora is good for (are opinion-based questions like mine fair game or do they waste other people's time?) And nothing about how to post a question of your own!
I thought maybe I'd search the existing database of questions and answers. There's a text box at the top of the screen, but the button at the right end doesn't say Search. It says Add Question, which is not what I wanted.
Clicking the Ask Question button produces an error message that tells you to search for it first, and then if you don't see the question you're asking, click Ask Question a second time. But doing that produced only a series of instructional boxes that specified the proper format for questions.
We won't even get into the 162 e-mails that Quora sent me in the next hour. Most were “So-and-so is now following you on Quora,” a concept that totally baffled me, since I hadn't been able to utter a word on Quora. Following my what? I just want to ask a question!
I love crowdsourced answer sites. I'm crazy about Aardvark, and I wrote up several others in a recent Scientific American column. And I see that the technically savvy are having a blast on Quora and learning a lot.
But for now, the only question I have for Quora is, “Why not make this thing easier for normal people to figure out?”
Republic of Ireland Women's National Team manager Sue Ronan has named a squad of 20 players for next week's FIFA World Cup qualifying game against Slovenia. The game takes place at Tallaght Stadium on Wednesday, August 20, at 7.30pm.
The match will be Ireland's last home game in the qualifying campaign with two away games against Slovakia and Germany to come in September.
Defender Seana Cooke returns to the squad after an 11 month absence through injury while a third goalkeeper, Reading's Grace Moloney, has also been added. They replace Raheny United's Rachel Graham and the American-based defender Mary Therese McDonnell. Millwall's Sophie Perry, who was forced to withdraw from the games in June against Croatia and Russia after suffering concussion in a club game, is also included.
Having seen their side pick up four points in June with a win at home to Croatia and a draw away to Russia, Ronan is keen to see their side bring that form into next week's game.
“We deserved to win against Croatia even though it was a tough game and our draw away to Russia could easily have been a win so we want to build on those results next week against Slovenia. We played them away last October and I still believe that was our best overall attacking display and we comfortably won 3-0. However, this is a new game and I expect it to be another tough one for us,” said Ronan.
Ronan also intends to bring in some members of the U19 squad, who reached last month's UEFA European Championship semi-finals, to train with the senior squad next week.
“I was in Norway and there are a few of them on my radar. Some of the U19 squad, like Clare Shine, were with us in La Manga in January while five more were part of the squad I took to Spain to play the Basque Country in May. Unfortunately, there is no U21 grade in women's football so it is a big jump from U19 to senior international football but we have managed to bring through a lot of the U17 squad from 2010 over the last few years and we will be hoping to do the same with the U19s. What they achieved was tremendous and it is exciting to think that 12 of the squad are underage next year. ”
The FIFA World Cup qualifier against Croatia will take place at Tallaght Stadium on Wednesday, August 20, with 7.30pm kick-off. Admission is €5 for adults and €2 for students/U16s.
Republic of Ireland squad to play Slovenia
Goalkeepers:
Emma Byrne (Arsenal),
Niamh Reid-Burke (Raheny United),
Grace Moloney (Reading)
Defenders:
Sophie Perry (Millwall),
Meabh de Burca (Galway WFC),
Louise Quinn (Eskilstuna United),
Niamh Fahey (Arsenal),
Karen Duggan (UCD Waves),
Seana Cooke (UCD Waves).
Midfielders:
Julie Ann Russell (UCD Waves),
Ciara Grant (UCD Waves),
Siobhan Killeen (Raheny United),
Dora Gorman (UCD Waves),
Diane Caldwell (Avaldsnes),
Shannon Smyth (Amazon Grimstad).
Forwards:
Fiona O'Sullivan (Notts County),
Denise O'Sullivan (Glasgow City),
Stephanie Roche (ASPTT Albi),
Ruesha Littlejohn (Sandviken),
Áine O'Gorman (UCD Waves).
Results & Fixtures
Recent Results
March 6, 2013 – Cyprus Cup: Republic of Ireland 5 Northern Ireland 1
March 8, 2013 – Cyprus Cup: Republic of Ireland 1 South Africa 0
March 11, 2013 – Cyprus Cup: Republic of Ireland 0 South Korea 0
March 13, 2013 – Cyprus Cup: Republic of Ireland 0 Finland 1
June 18, 2013 – Friendly: Republic of Ireland 2 Austria 2
September 22, 2013 – FIFA World Cup: Republic of Ireland 2 Slovakia 0
September 26, 2013 – FIFA World Cup: Croatia 1 Republic of Ireland 1
October 30, 2013 – FIFA World Cup: Slovenia 0 Republic of Ireland 3
March 5, 2014 – Cyprus Cup: New Zealand 1 Republic of Ireland 1
March 7, 2014 – Cyprus Cup: Republic of Ireland 1 South Korea 1
March 10, 2014 – Cyprus Cup: Switzerland 1 Republic of Ireland 2
March 12, 2014 – Cyprus Cup: Canada 2 Republic of Ireland 1
April 5 2014 – FIFA World Cup: Republic of Ireland 2 Germany 3
May 7 2014 – FIFA World Cup: Republic of Ireland 1 Russia 3
June 14 2014 – FIFA World Cup: Republic of Ireland 1 Croatia 0
June 19 2014 – FIFA World Cup: Russia 0 Republic of Ireland 0
Forthcoming Fixtures
August 20 2014 – FIFA World Cup: Republic of Ireland v Slovenia
September 13 2014 – FIFA World Cup: Slovakia v Republic of Ireland
September 17 2014 – FIFA World Cup: Germany v Republic of Ireland
FIFA World Cup Qualifying Tournament
Group 1 Table
As Asterix sets off on their latest adventure in Asterix and the Missing Scroll, we chat to Jean Yves Ferri and Didier Conrad, the duo who are keeping Goscinny and Uderzo's legacy alive, and find out what's new with our favourite cartoon warrior...
Asterix is back in the land of Gaul in their latest adventure, Asterix and the Missing Scroll. The French comic book series, which began in 1959, was the original creation of writer René Goscinny and illustrator Albert Uderzo. After an eight year hiatus, Asterix returned with full force in 2013 under the guidance of creative duo Jean-Yves Ferri and Didier Conrad.
Asterix embarks on first adventure in eight years with new artists Read more
Now, with the publication of the second book from the capable hands of the new writer-illustrator team, it seems this French treasure is going from strength to strength. We caught up with the creative duo to discuss new characters, old formulas and the pressure of continuing the great legacy of Asterix.
In your new album, Asterix and the Missing Scroll, you've decided to change the setting back to Gaul. Why did you make this change?
It was a rule we imposed on ourselves from the start: we'd set the first album somewhere abroad [the first album at their creative helm, Asterix and the Picts, is set in the lochs of Scotland], and bring our second album back home to Gaul.
Asterix and the Missing Scroll - exclusive preview Read more
Are there any themes you're exploring in the Missing Scroll that are new to the series?
Interestingly, we're revisiting something from an old album, Asterix and the Goths. The Druids and sacred Forest of the Carnutes from that work features in the Missing Scroll, so we're actually including some old aspects of Asterix.
Libellus Blockbustus (Caesar's spindoctor) sounds like an exciting addition to the Asterix family - was it fun to create and explore an evil new character?
It's always fun to create new characters, because through the process of creating them we can come up with other new ideas. Also, it's no surprise for the reader when it's always the same.
Are there any other interesting characters we can expect?
There is a new character who is actually based loosely on Julian Assange, and then there's the servant of Blockbustus...but we can't really reveal more beyond that.
You kept in line with the old formula last time - would you say it's the same with this work?
No, actually, it's very different. Our previous album was based on travel, but with Asterix and the Missing Scroll we're delving into a more societal topic. It's definitely more ambitious and topical. The last album was to assure the readers and publishers, but this one's been done to worry them.
Did you find the process of creating this book any more or less challenging than your last work, Asterix and the Picts?
It's difficult to say - the conditions were very different. With the last album, Conrad arrived after the script was finished. With this one, however, we've worked together from the start, so it was a much more natural scriptwriting process.
Did you feel there was as much pressure this time around?
Given the successful sales of the last one, the pressure did go down to be honest. And this time there was less pressure in terms of timeframe and people checking our work. We'd say that the pressure in demand was the same, though. But the pressure will vary with every album.
You did say that Uderzo (original creator of Asterix) acted as something of a teacher last time - was this still the case?
[Laughs] No, this time, Uderzo acted in more of a wiseman's role. It's pleasing to get their consent - there is more pressure there as he's our most important reader, of course. But they did give us more space this time.
Do you believe you've found your feet now in your roles as creators of Asterix?
We're more at ease, but still learning!
You mentioned earlier that there was a positive response to Asterix and the Picts - do you think this will receive similar response?
We hope it will be even better!
What did Asterix mean to you growing up?
Ferri: The series was monumental in the comic book world. It was a complete universe for us. But we never tried to imitate it in our work before, so it's funny how we've ended up working on it now.
Conrad: It was groundbreaking when we were children. It was a classic. There was nothing like it before and it remains a classic to this day.
It's clear that Asterix continues to appeal to a wide range of ages to this day - are you surprised by its relentless popularity?
During the promotional work for Asterix and the Picts, we realised how emotional the reaction was to it. It was impressive, and strange. Asterix is seen as a part of the French heritage. But for us, it was always an underground series. We've tried to maintain that sense of how we perceived it.
By the 1880's people had started to become aware of the huge toll many introduced species, ourselves included, were having on New Zealand's native environment. One of the biggest issues was the rate of land clearing. Farmers and the forestry industry were faced with a growing demand for their products, due to the booming developments and growth in New Zealand's economy. As a result much of the native bush was cleared, and native swamplands drained to make way for grassy pastures and exotic forest plantations. And so various conservation efforts arose.
Tongariro National Park was established in 1887. The first of fourteen National Parks to be established throughout the country. The newest, Rakiura National Park, in 2002, which covers 85% of Stewart Island.
In 1990 Tongariro National Park became the only current duel World Heritage Site within New Zealand, one of only 29 world wide, having both significant natural and culture value.
Many protection Acts concerning various aspects of conservation have been developed over the years. The Forest Act, in 1949, the Wildlife Act, in 1953, and the Reserves Act, in 1977, to name but a few. A number of conservation societies were also established. Forest and Bird (1923), and Greenpeace (1974), are the largest.
The Department of Conservation, a government agency, was established in 1987, and plays a key front line role in New Zealand conservation.
Many offshore islands have been made pest free, creating sanctuaries for many endangered native species. And more recently inland island sanctuaries were made; large areas surrounded by specially designed fences to keep predators out. Once these fenced off areas were made predator free endangered species could be released. These inland sanctuaries include Zealandia (or Karori Wildlife Sanctuary), which is situated on the edge of Wellington City, and the Mangatautari Restoration Project, located on Mangatautari mountain in the Waikato Region.
Other efforts to bring back species from the brink of extinction have included some real dedicated hands on breeding programs. The first, and probably the most famous, was Don Merton's extraordinary approach in 1980 that saved the Chatham Island black robin from extinction, from only one breeding pair. This effort involved cross-fostering black robin eggs to tomtits. The tomtit would incubate the eggs once they hatched the chicks were then transferred back to their parents. In this way they were able to raise more chicks each year, as opposed to only two they would have naturally raised without interference.
Other well known successful breeding programs, all using different techniques include Takahē and Kakapo breeding programs and Operation Nest Egg (O.N.E), a breeding program for kiwi.
Conservation is now a big part of New Zealand, with a vast array of conservation projects operating throughout the country, with many involved, from full time workers in these fields, to volunteers and community groups. In future posts I will write about various conservation efforts and methods, and by which means various species we are helping to save from extinction.
Advertisements
The National Intelligence Coordinating Agency (NICA) is the primary intelligence gathering and analysis arm of the Philippine government, in charge of carrying out overt, covert, and clandestine intelligence programs. The NICA cooperates with friendly countries and government agencies in and out of the country by posting agents as liaison officers.[1]
The agency is led by a director-general and is assisted by a deputy director general. The former reports directly to the president.[2] Its headquarters is located in Quezon City.[3]
The NICA has a National Intelligence Board that serves as an advisory board to the director-general before they would submit their findings to the president relating to national security matters affecting the Philippines.[2][4]
History [ edit ]
Main office of NICA along V. Luna Avenue in Quezon City
Founded in 1949, it was created by President Elpidio Quirino under the authority of Executive Order 235 with further powers relating to intelligence work added by a Government Survey and Reorganization Commission in 1954.[4] It was abolished on September 16, 1972, by President Ferdinand Marcos under Presidential Decree 51 and replaced by the National Intelligence and Security Authority (NISA)[4] headed by General Fabian Ver. The agency was primarily used to track down and eliminate anti-Marcos opponents before President Marcos was forced into exile. During their reign, it was one of the main government organizations accused of human rights abuses.[5] After the first EDSA Revolution, it was renamed the National Intelligence Coordinating Agency in 1987, replacing the NISA, and was merged with the Civil Intelligence and Security Agency[2] when the Philippine Constitution was revamped, where it refocused its priorities in tackling the communist movement. Their work has resulted in their weakening in the late 1990s.[5]
In 1990, the Philippines' national security advisor was given responsibility to oversee management and control of the agency to be responsive to the needs of the president and the National Security Council.[5]
Executive Order Number 492, issued on February 1, 2006, orders the NICA to activate the National Maritime Aerial Reconnaissance and Surveillance Center or NMARSC, which shall serve as the primary IMINT provider for the Philippine intelligence community.[1] Under the supervision and oversight of the National Security Adviser, the NICA-directed NMARSC will operate unmanned aerial vehicles or UAVs to cater to the imagery intelligence demands of various government agencies.
NICA agents were responsible for the arrest of several Abu Sayyaf members, including Al Qaeda-linked bomber Abdulmukim Edris.[6]
The NICA is also active in the Philippines' Anti-Terrorism Council, in order to set guidelines in passing a proposed the Anti-Terrorism Law,[7] known as the Human Security Act signed by President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo on February 8, 2007.[8]
In 2005, it started activation of two directorates involving economic intelligence and counterintelligence.[9]
House Bill No. 7111, or the proposed Foreign Electronic Surveillance Act by House Majority Leader Rodolfo Fariñas would allow NICA agents to covertly conduct electronic surveillance operations against foreign countries, terrorists and private groups without the need of having a warrant or a court order in an emergency situation.[10] A warrantless operation outside Philippine soil would need approval from the director general and the secretary of the Department of Justice.[10]
Controversy [ edit ]
In 2016, it was accused of falsifying intelligence reports acquired by Senator Gordon.[11] Some politicians have criticized its personnel for taking some of its intelligence from a satirical website.[12]
Organization [ edit ]
Office of the Director-General – Led by Director-General
Directorate of Operations - Led by Assistant Director-General for Operations
Directorate of Production - Led by the Assistant Director-General for Production
Directorate of Administration - Led by the Assistant Director-General for Administration
Management and Planning Office
Office of the Comptroller
Various field stations
Known directors-general [ edit ]
Fabian Ver, accused by various human rights groups of using the NISA, as the agency was previously known, as an anti-Marcos watchdog as well as the "secret police" of the regime supported by the military and the police elements to crush the subversive elements at that time.
Alfredo Filler, retired as Vice Chief of Armed Forces of the Philippines after serving as director. [13]
Col Vicente S. Yumul in 1986 took over as director-general of NICA after Gen Fabian Ver was ousted when Cory Aquino became president.
10 July 2006 | darfoo
9 | Great movie...Someone finally "gets" it...
Hollywood has tried so many times to capture the feel of Philip K. Dick terms of their style and writing. Films like Total Recall, Paycheck, Minority Report, all were playing to the lowest common denominator and really lost a lot of the feel that Dick conveys in their writing. Blade Runner came close, but it still missed the essential darkness that Dick brings to each and every one of their works.
Enter "A Scanner Darkly", aside from the Interpolative Rotoscoping that the filmmaker used to put the graphical images of this movie together and give it an amazing visual feel all its own, the vision and imagery conveyed by the film are as true to Dick's original as any movie has come. I left the theater feeling overwhelmed, touched, and changed, much the same way as when I'd finished the book. This is rare, and it is decidedly a beautiful thing.
Fresh off their stage win and second place finish overall in the Tour de Romandie, Katusha's Simon Spilak was able to use their cunning and sparkling form to sprint to victory in the Rund um den Finanzplatz Eschborn-Frankfurt over defending champion Moreno Moser (Cannondale), with Andre Greipel (Lotto-Belisol) taking third from the peloton.
It was the third win of the year for the 28-year-old Slovenian, who also won the GP Miguel Indurain in March. Spilak said that taking part in the German race wasn't even on their original calendar, "but in the end we decided to take advantage of my shape: it turned out to be the best choice".
Spilak and Moser were part of a three-man breakaway that pushed clear on the final ascent of the Mammolshainer, a climb that kicks up to a vicious 26% grade. They were accompanied by Domenico Pozzovivo (AG2R La Mondiale), but the diminutive Italian was unable to keep the sprinting pace of Spilak and Moser as they narrowly escaped the peloton's grasp in the final meters of the race.
"It was a very hard race, but my teammates worked very well in order to keep the race under control: and in the last climb, when Pozzovivo and Moser attacked, I decided to follow them. Then, we cooperated very well, and we were able to anticipate the chase by a whisker."
The 200.9km race kicked off with a breakaway of Marcel Sieberg (Lotto Belisol), Paul Voß (NetApp-Endura), Michael Morkov (Saxo-Tinkoff), Sébastien Reichenbach (IAM), Jan-Nicklas Droste (Heizomat), Tim Gebauer (Stölting), Georg Preidler (Argos-Shimano) and Michael Schweizer and Sven Forberger (NSP-Ghost) gaining around four minutes on the peloton.
The Mammolshainer proved to be too much and by the third trip the breakaway was near, and an attack from Tony Martin (Omega Pharma-Quickstep) caught up with Morkov and Preidler, the two remaining escapees, but the field quickly closed down the move.
On the final lap, it was time for the climbers to make their move, and Pozzovivo initiated the decisive attack, joined by Spilak and Moser. The trio worked together to maintain a slim advantage on the peloton, which was bearing down with impressive speed.
Spilak kept their nerve, waiting for Moser to start the sprint even as the threat of being caught grew - their patience paid off, and Moser jumped just far enough out that the Katusha man was able to come around and take the win on the line.
Photo Via MAKE
This fun project of making ear phones out of junked parts (and you'll be surprised to read just what was used) holds a much cooler lesson than simply how to turn random disposable items into a functional device. The headphones were part of a project done at a high school. Using bottle caps, speakers from shipping tubes, lights, pvc, coffee cups and italian ice cups, a seat of headphones was constructed that worked, though obviously not quite as well as high-end ear buds.
Still, the real value of the project was pointed out over at MAKE. And that lesson is to show kids that not everything has to be purchased at a store. Rather, often with a little ingenuity and know-how, you can turn a few materials from your junk drawer into a great new device.
That kind of thinking is exactly what we need to show our gadget-loving next generation of eco-activists!
Via MAKE
More Great Do-It-Yourself Gadget Projects:
Doing More with Less: DIY iPod Speakers
8 Awesome Upcycled Products for Gadget Lovers
How to Repair a Laptop and Other Gadgets
Make Your Own Solar Cell Phone Charger
How To: Turn a Hand-Cranked Flashlight Into a Battery Charger (Video)
1. They credit their vegan diet for their health, wellness and energy.
Who needs to drink green juices and smoothies to be healthy? Can't they just stick to lifting weights and enjoy steak for dinner like normal people? Hippies.
2. They love animals. Ugh.
Isn't that sickening? Caring for animals and fighting for their rights?! I mean, come on. How can they care more about cows than Louis Vuitton!? Damn those morals!
3. Some of them even look cute as a button!
Look at them, eating greens, blending smoothies, shooting arrows like elves. Do they want to live forever? It's so unfair.
4. They care about the Earth—those jerks!
Reducing greenhouse gas emissions, massive water and air pollution, soil erosion and contamination…who cares about this mumbo jumbo? Oh, wait, vegans!
5. They mislead you with their food…wicked, tricksy, false!
They make delicious cupcakes, cookies, muffins and a whole bunch of stuff without any butter, cream, cheese, milk….those cheats! Even Paula Deen hates them.
6. They are so demanding….why can't they just enjoy bacon like normal people!
Vegans create pandemonium at restaurants just because they don't want to eat greasy, high-cholesterol, heart-clogging food. They want this and that and don't put that on my food, could I have extra this? Geez vegans, just shut up and sit down!
7. Such elitists….spending all their money on veggies!
They sit on their high horse and judge others. Why don't they just advocate for change in food subsidies so vegetables are less expensive? Oh, they do do that? Well, they repulse me.
8. Worst of all…science and medicine supports them!
Ugh, Vegans.
Source: One Green Planet
Earlier, they said that two uncles of the young lady wanted to kill her, accusing of trying to leave for Syria.⁠
The Chechen television channel Grozny broadcast a story telling about residents of the village of Katyr-yurt, the Tazurkaevs, who allegedly slandered two police officers.
Earlier, 18-year-old Aishat Tazurkaeva shot a video that shows how several men try to break into the house, breaking doors and windows down. The girl says that among them there are their relatives, Adam and Yakub Tazurkaevs, who serve in the regiment of Kadyrov. As the website Kavkaz. Realii reports, the brothers accused them of going to leave for Syria. The video also shows their father demonstrating the consequences of the attack - the broken windows in their house, and declaring that their daughter is wanted to be dead. The mother of the young girl also says that earlier the same siloviki kidnapped the brother of the girl and they agree to let them go only in exchange for Aishat. At the same time, according to Salam Tazurkaev, law enforcement agencies fold their hands.
In the story of the Chechen television channel, the girl says that they filmed the video at their father's request, and all that happened was a domestic quarrel between relatives. Them father Salam claims that they called their brothers the employees of Kadyrov's regiment hoping that "people will intervene." In fact, according to the reporter, Adam and Yakub Tazurkaevs have long had nothing to do with the regiment. The video itself was "used by the so-called liberal media".
Salambek Ayubov, deputy police chief of the Department of Internal Affairs for Achkhoi-Martanovsky district, in turn, stated that the police had taken all the necessary measures in such cases - after the signal of the incident was received, a local police officer arrived at the site, to whom the owners allegedly stated that it was their family affairs and refused to file an application.
Kavkaz. Realii notes that in the 2000s Adam and Yakub Tazurkaevs were gangsters. In 2004, the agency Regnum wrote about their detention and the charge of involvement in numerous terrorist attacks committed in the territory of the republic. At the same time, since 2009, they have been registered as fighters of the 141st Specialized Motorized Regiment named after Kadyrov.
In 2010, Kavkazsky Uzel (Caucasian Knot) reported on the employee of the Patrol-Guard Service regiment Yakub Tazurkaev, who was accused of killing two colleagues through an oversight. Later, Kavkaz. Realii wrote that in October 2016, information appeared that the brothers Tazurkaevs had killed their niece.
The video of the Chechen TV channel also had their father, stating that their daughter had married and lived abroad.
My family and I arrived in Florida today on our family vacation. We rented a condo on Madeira Beach. After getting in this afternoon, we dumped our stuff at the condo and went for a drive north toward Clearwater. After exploring for a bit, we were hungry, and used Yelp to help us find Cristino's. It's an italian restaurant which reviews said made great pizza. They were right! Since it was hot, I started with a Peroni, and then enjoyed this beer with my pizza.
Location: Poured into a regular pint glass from the bottle, at Cristino's Coal Oven Pizza in Clearwater, Florida.
Numbers: 7.3% ABV, 17.3% OG
Appearance & Aroma: It's clear and brown in color with some brick-red highlights. The head was a decent size and foamy with some retention, although it didn't leave much lacing on the glass. The aroma was malty with a mix of caramel and fig-like notes.
Taste & Feel: The body was medium and the mouthfeel was crisp from the carbonation in the beer. The flavors up front were slightly sweet maltiness with caramel flavors. In the middle, more biscuit flavors come in, as well as some dark fruity flavors. It finished with some very light bitterness, with mostly a caramel nuttiness. The flavors didn't last very long in the aftertaste.
Food Pairing: The biscuit and caramel flavors went nicely with our pizza, complementing the crispy crust and great cheesiness. I'd definitely recommend this beer with the pizza here at Cristino's, but if I were home, I'd probably pair it with something heartier, like a steak.
Overall Impression: I enjoyed the aroma with plenty of maltiness, and the flavors followed with a mix biscuit, caramel malts, and a bit of fig and dark fruits. Overall, I thought it was a fairly good beer, and a nice light doppelbock for the hotter weather here in Florida.
My Rating:
Reader Ratings[five-star-rating]
In 2015, over €716 billion of general government expenditure was spent by the Member States on education. This figure is equivalent to almost 5% (4.9%) of the EU's GDP. 'Education' is the fourth largest item of public expenditure, after 'social protection' (19.2%), 'health' (7.2%) and 'general public services' such as external affairs and public debt transactions (6.2%).
Highest share of expenditure on education in Denmark, Sweden and Belgium
In 2015, the ratio to GDP of government expenditure for education varied by more than one to two across the EU Member States. Overall, 18 of the 28 Member States recorded a ratio of 5% or more.
At the lower end was Romania (3.1%), followed by Ireland (3.7%), Bulgaria and Italy (both 4.0%), Spain (4.1%), Germany and Slovakia (both 4.2%) and Greece (4.3%). In contrast, Denmark (7.0%) spent the most in relative terms, ahead of Sweden (6.5%), Belgium (6.4%), Finland (6.2%), Estonia (6.1%), Latvia and Portugal (both 6.0%).
The source dataset can be found here
1400 euros spent on average per EU inhabitant
Expenditure of more than €2500 per inhabitant was registered in Luxembourg (€4685), Denmark (€3368) and Sweden (€2977). At the opposite end of the scale, expenditure stood below €500 per inhabitant in Romania (€248), Bulgaria (€250) and Croatia (€494). On average in 2015, expenditure on 'education' amounted to €1405 per inhabitant in the EU.
You can read more about general government expenditure for 'education' (according to the Classification of the Functions of Government - COFOG ) in our online article . An interactive infographic is also available on the Eurostat website.
Please also read our previously published news item on a similar topic:
General government expenditure on defence
General government expenditure on recreation, culture and religion
General government expenditure on public order and safety
Fresh Ginger Syrup
Pin 2K 3K Shares
Many moons ago, I worked with Bruce Cost at the now-shuttered Monsoon restaurant in San Francisco. Bruce is an amazing Asian cook and I've rarely had better Chinese food than what came out of their wok. Early on, they prompted me to make a sharp, gingery syrup that we could serve at the bar, as an elixir, mixed with fresh lime juice and sparkling water. And although the customers loved it, the reason I later found out why I was going through so much ginger syrup every week was that the staff liked it even more.
In Australia, I remember seeing big bins of fresh ginger in the supermarket (I always try to go to a supermarket in a foreign country – it's one of my favorite things to do.) And when I was telling some Australians how intriguing it was how they've adopted Asian ingredients, like fresh ginger, into their cuisine, a few looked at me kind of funny,and said that they considered fresh ginger just be to an ingredient they happened to use frequently – not necessarily Asian.
I love fresh ginger, especially in desserts, since it seems to compliment – and contrast – other flavors so nicely. It's especially welcome with things that tend to be sweet; white chocolate, tropical fruits, and peaches all come to mind. And I always try to keep fresh ginger on hand, stocking up whenever I'm at an Asian market in Paris, since it lasts for a while. It also freezes well, and some people grate, roll it into a tube, then freeze it for later, and they can just break off a portion easily when they need it.
Whenever I don't feel well, especially when felled by the infamous la gastro, I always crave a glass of ginger ale. I don't keep soda in stock because I'm not a big soda-drinker. (However when faced with a bottle of ginger ale or ginger beer, all bets are off.) But when I'm lying in bed, nearly unable to move, I always regret not keeping a bottle on hand. (Which, of course, I would drink just because it was there. So I don't.)
In France, although it's not very traditional to drink soda with meals, it's become much more commonplace. And when a friend was coming for dinner and told me they couldn't drink alcohol because they were taking a round of medication, I simmered up a batch of ginger syrup for him, so they wouldn't look at my constantly refilled (and emptied) wine glass so longingly.
My strategy kind of worked, except that I drank most of the syrup myself before the dinner and had to make more. Which wasn't such a bad thing since I am pretty well stocked on fresh ginger. And I hope I can keep myself well-stocked with ginger syrup, too.
Fresh Ginger Syrup Print Recipe About 2 cups (.5L) I don't automatically peel ginger; if you choose not to, it will give the syrup a slightly darker color, which I don't mind. If you wish to peel it, you can. The leftover ginger can be added to a batch of marmalade, or patted dry and chopped further, then added to just-churned ice cream or gingersnap cookie dough. If you plan to reuse it, you should peel it before making the syrup with it.This syrup is quite spicy and if you find it a bit too zippy and want to tone it down, the next time you make it (or the first time) you can blanch the chopped ginger first in boiling water, let it simmer for a couple of minutes, then drain it and proceed with the recipe. 8 ounces (225g) fresh ginger, unpeeled 4 cups (1L) water 2 cups (400g) sugar pinch salt 1. Cut the ginger into thin slices. Run a knife over it to chop it into rough, smaller pieces. (As shown in the post.) 2. Place the ginger along with the water, sugar, and salt in a nonreactive saucepan. Heat to a boil, then reduce the heat to a steady simmer, and cook for 45 minutes to one hour. 3. Let cool, then strain the syrup through a fine-mesh strainer. Store the strained syrup in the refrigerator, covered, until ready to use. The syrup should keep for at least two weeks under refrigeration. To make ginger soda: Fill glasses 1/3rd full with syrup and add a generous squeeze of fresh lemon or lime juice. Fill the glasses with ice then top with sparkling water or tonic water (or a not-too-sweet citrus soda). Stir gently to mix the ingredients and garnish with a round of citrus or fresh mint. Other Uses: You could also make a terrific cocktail with this as a base, using bourbon, whiskey, or rum. Another possibility is to use a few spoonfuls of this syrup to sweeten iced tea or drizzle over a fruit salad.
Related Recipes
Candied Ginger
Ginger Crunch
White Chocolate-French Ginger Ice Cream
Pin 2K 3K Shares
Salaries in China's first-tier cities are substantially more than those in second and third tier cities; the finance and real-estate industries are most likely to offer high-paying jobs; salaries in the finance industry are more than 10 times average pay; the income gap between executives and junior staff has reached a factor of 100; all of this according to a newly released survey - China salary insight 2013.
The survey, conducted jointly by Bridge HR and CEIBS Business Review, targeted China's 17 large- and medium-sized cities, covering 10 major industries such as finance, property, and information technology, and interviewing both senior and junior staff.
The survey reports five features:
● China's first-tier cities offer much higher salaries than second- and third- tier cities.
Annual salary ranking of first-tier cities: Shanghai (72300 yuan), Shenzhen (72000 yuan), Beijing (66700 yuan), and Guangzhou (66100 yuan);
East China's cities pay the second highest salaries:, Hangzhou (64200 yuan), Jiangsu (61100 yuan), Nanjing (58700 yuan) show a strong economic momentum, closing with the first tier cities;
Wuhan (43902 yuan), due to its geographical advantages and convenient transportation, pays the highest salary among other central and west Chinese cities.
● A few industries pay higher than average salaries
Annual salaries in the finance and real-estate industries are much higher than the average. In the 17 targeted cities, the average annual salary in the finance industry is 50905 yuan, which is 10.5 times the social average salary (48537 yuan) announced in 2012.
● Clear differences in salary between different functional departments
Salary at management level or above from different functional departments show clear disparities, employees in technology or research & development departments earn the most money at 264800 yuan.
● Big gap between executives and junior staff
Management-level salaries are far more than junior staff, especially in the financial sector - the income gap between executives and junior staff has reached a factor of almost 100.
● Government's "income-doubling" program will be achieved in 6 years
If salary growth continues at its current rate, China will achieve its “income doubling program” in 6 years.
(Note: 100 yuan =16 USD)
The article is edited and translated from 《2013中国薪酬状况：金融业工资为平均水平十倍》, source: China Daily Website
Guest Post: Kaitlin Young
Soi Dog Flight Volunteer – Training and fighting have brought me to Thailand twice now, and there will certainly be more trips to follow. If you visit, you will see the many stray dogs and cats that populate the streets and store fronts. (As a reader of this blog, you probably know that the very handsome Jaidee von Duuglas-Ittu came from this situation.) Despite being fairly well-fed by good Samaritans, they are hosted to ticks, fleas, mange, and various other parasites and skin diseases. Dogs are not commonly neutered or spayed there, so the growing population of strays remains unchecked.
In addition to the routine dangers of being a homeless dog, there is also the threat of the illegal dog meat trade in Thailand. The Thai government and other organizations, including Soi Dog Foundation, have been fighting against this brutal practice. Dogs are not humanely killed, but often skinned alive because it is thought that their suffering will make the meat more tender. As an avid dog lover, witnessing them in these situations was more than enough to motivate me to do something to help.
It's Easy to Help
A friend of mine had mentioned a post online about an organization looking for flight volunteers to transport the dogs back to the US and Canada to be adopted. In browsing a bit, I came across the Soi Dog Foundation. Indeed, one could be a flight volunteer. All you needed was a flight booked with one of several approved airlines (Korean Air, for me) and a short layover. I had both of these, thanks to my wonderful sponsor, Menacing Valor.
I emailed Soi Dog Foundation and notified them that I would be flying into Chicago from Bangkok on April 21st, and would love to be a flight volunteer. They responded quickly to confirm my interest and let me know that they would look for a match. They need 3 weeks notice or more, as they have to ensure that the dog is up to date on vaccinations and health clearance. They also need to find someone in your destination city who is ready and able to adopt the dog.
About a week went by and I received another email stating that they had found a match! The dog was 8-month-old Ivory, and the adopter was a woman named Kelsey from Chicago. I was instructed to meet the SDF staff at the Bangkok airport 3 hours prior to departure. Kelsey also reached out with their contact information so that we could meet upon landing.
The pickup went smooth and the gentleman who had brought Ivory to the airport pretty much handled everything. The cost to bring Ivory to the US was covered by the organization and/or the adopter. Luckily, there were no delays on either of the flights, and the layover was nice and short. Dogs traveling in the cargo space of the plane are not let out of their crate for the duration of the flight, and flights from Thailand to the US are long.
Upon arrival, Ivory was waiting with some airline personnel at the baggage claim. They were clearly a bit nervous, but sweet as ever. It was at this point I noticed that they were missing a back foot. Poor girl. We made it through customs easily. A very excited Kelsey met us outside. We loaded Ivory into their vehicle and off they went.
As I waited to brave my United flight from Chicago to Minneapolis, I wished that I had known about this opportunity last year when visiting Thailand. It's a small gesture and changes the life of only one dog, but there are an awful lot of fighters from the US and Canada who routinely visit Thailand. Perhaps together we can help a few more. http://www.soidog.org
these are the airlines that you can use as a Flight Volunteer:
Thai Airways
Qatar (flights to the US & Canada only)
Korean Air
JAL
EVA (flights to the US & Canada only)
Lufthansa
KLM
Swiss Air
Austrian Airlines
Air Nippon Air
China Airlines (flights to the US & Canada only)
The Story of Ivory Before They Found Them Forever Home
Can you please ADOPT me and give my story a happy ever after?
My name is Ivory. I was found in the jungle in Phang Nga, a province just north of Phuket, Thailand. A kind local lady used to feed me. They even built me a shelter to keep the rain off me! But one day they noticed I had a bad wound on my back paw. It was covered in maggots and I was in terrible pain. So they contacted Soi Dog for help.
The Rescue Officer brought me to the shelter, where I received the treatment I needed, thanks to people like YOU. Sadly, the vets were not able to save my paw, but my wounds have healed and now I'm ready to find my forever home.
I am just over 7 months old. I am curious and playful like other puppies of my age. I don't let that missing paw hold me back – I can still run and play with all my puppy friends! When visitors come to see me they can't resist my big beautiful eyes and my soft white fur. I am so happy when I have toys to play with, but I'm also very happy to have a quiet cuddle on a visitor's lap. If you could be the one to cuddle and play with me forever, please adopt me.
There are lots of puppies here and it's really overcrowded. I don't want to spend my life in the shelter. I wish I could have a bed of my own in my forever home with you. Please will you adopt me?
And this is me and my dog Tazer:
You can follow Kaitlin Young on their Facebook Page
Watch this 8limbs.us Interview of Kaitlin
You can support this content: Sylvie von Duuglas-Ittu on Patreon
Some 53 percent of Israelis have expressed support for the extrajudicial killings of alleged Palestinian attackers on the spot, even after their arrest and when they "no longer pose a threat", according to a new poll.
Israeli forces kill 72-year-old Palestinian woman
Published by the Israel Democracy Institute, the poll's findings reflect hardening attitudes among Jewish Israelis at a time when unrest has spread throughout Israel, the occupied West Bank, including East Jerusalem, and the Gaza Strip.
The poll examined the attitudes of Israeli citizens - both Jewish and Palestinian citizens of Israel - as tensions and unrest soar amid growing violence.
The study was conducted over two days in late October and interviewed 600 adults.
It also found that 80 percent of Israeli interviewees believe that the family homes of alleged Palestinian attackers should be demolished.
On Sunday, a Palestinian allegedly attempted to run over a group of Israelis near an illegal Jewish settlement in northern West Bank, injuring four. They were shot dead by Israeli forces, according to an Israeli army spokesperson.
RELATED: Portraits of Palestinian knife attackers
Later in the day, at least two Israelis - one of them a security guard at a West Bank settlement - were injured in stabbing incidents allegedly carried out by Palestinians.
Triggered by Israeli incursions into the Al-Aqsa Mosque compound, Palestinian protests against Israel's occupation started picking up steam in September.
Israeli forces responded with force, including the use of live ammunition and other less fatal weapons.
Since October 1, Israeli troops or settlers have killed at least 77 Palestinians, among them unarmed protesters, bystanders and suspected attackers.
Meanwhile, Israeli officials announced on Sunday that a 19-year-old soldier had died of their wounds after a car ramming close to Hebron on Wednesday.
At least 10 Israelis have now been killed by Palestinians in stabbings, shooting or car-ramming incidents since the start of October.
'Shoot-to-kill'
Israeli leaders have called on security forces to shoot suspected attackers on the spot, while others have urged civilians to take up arms since the latest bout of violence.
In October, Yair Lapid, an Israeli legislator from the centre-right Yesh Atid party, said Palestinians suspected of attacking Israeli soldiers or civilians "should be shot to be killed".
Gilad Erdan, Israel's security minister, said suspected attackers should be killed so that potential assailants "know that they will not survive the attack that they were going to carry out".
In Jerusalem, the Israeli police commander in the city, Moshe Edri, said alleged attackers are "likely to be killed".
Rights groups have slammed the calls for extrajudicial killings.
In a joint statement published last month, nine Israeli NGOs decried the security forces' "shoot-to-kill" policy.
RELATED: Israeli army's 'sectarian recruiting'
"Politicians and senior police officials are not assisting to defuse tension and calm the public," the statement reads.
But speaking in Tel Aviv on October 8, Deputy Defence Minister Eli Ben-Dahan said civilians should "prevent" attacks by using guns against suspects.
Ben-Dahan's call to arms came just days after Jerusalem Mayor Nir Barakat said, "[Israeli] weapon owners who know how to use them should carry them."
Rima Awad, a member of the Coalition for Jerusalem, a Palestinian rights group, accused Barakat and other politicians of "incitement" against Palestinians.
"Palestinians living in occupied East Jerusalem are unarmed," they told Al Jazeera. "[Barakat] is inciting against an unarmed population living under occupation by asking civilians to carry guns and shoot us."
VICTORIA — BC Ferries says it will be “impossible” to keep fares down without more government money after B.C.'s transportation minister reversed course Wednesday on possible major changes to ferry service from Nanaimo to the Lower Mainland.
Todd Stone said they heard loud and clear that it was not acceptable to consider closing one of Nanaimo's two major ferry terminals, or reduce or redirect service to Nanaimo from Horseshoe Bay to the Tsawwassen terminal. Tuesday they told The Sun those changes were up for consideration.
“I determined over the last 24 hours in discussing this at length with my Island colleagues, who are doing their job on behalf of their constituents on Vancouver Island and in West Vancouver-Sea to Sky, that consolidating the two terminals in Nanaimo is not a good idea,” said Stone. “So we're not going to pursue it.”
Stone also said the government will not allow BC Ferries to eliminate the Departure Bay to Horseshoe Bay route, though it had been suggested Tuesday that vehicle traffic could be redirected from there to Tsawwassen because of $200 million in upgrades required to the Horseshoe Bay route.
The flip-flop left BC Ferries' CEO Mike Corrigan stunned, because Stone's decision effectively stopped the ferry corporation from looking for savings by altering its major routes, which account for 80 per cent of its costs.
“Without more government funding in the ferry system it's going to be impossible to hold fares to inflationary increases,” said Corrigan, who also stated that fares will rise system-wide by about four per cent per year unless changes are made.
BC Ferries says it needs $45 million over four years from the province to keep fare increases at a rate of increase of two per cent.
“If 80 per cent of our costs come from the major routes and we've already looked at the other 20 per cent of the minor [routes] and north [routes], there's really not a lot left considering we can't change the coastal ferry contract without government input.”
Corrigan said they did not hear from Stone before government backtracked on consultation.
“The government has certainly short-circuited the consultation process. We were expecting it to take anywhere from 1.5 to two years to get through the process and it's taken less than 24 hours.”
Stone's retreat came after blowback from the minister's Liberal colleagues and a major public outcry.
Stone admitted they heard “some very strong and eloquent arguments” from Comox Valley Liberal MLA Don McRae and Parksville-Qualicum Liberal MLA Michelle Stilwell on Tuesday and Wednesday that closing the Departure Bay terminal could harm the economy of the mid-Island and coast.
“It's a great transportation link and my constituents want it to continue,” said McRae.
Stone said they moved quickly to “turn this around” and rule out the closures “to avoid any further concern or anxiety among people on Vancouver Island in particular.”
Residents, merchants and ferry commuters expressed frustration in the sleepy oceanside village of Horseshoe Bay, where many of the 1,000 permanent residents depend on ferry traffic to keep their businesses alive. Predictions of economic doom led to some business owners using the term “ghost town” to describe Horseshoe Bay's future should the plan go ahead.
by: LetsRun.com
March 28, 2015
Jeremy Wariner's 800m debut was a successful one as the 2004 Olympic 400m champion ran a come-from-behind 1:53.02 victory in heat 2 at the 2015 Bobcat Invitational San Marcos, Texas. Wariner's time was faster than the guys in Heat 1, so they also won the 800 overall at the meet.
Wariner looked like a novice 800m runner (race video below results). They led the first lap going through 400m in 55 seconds. Then 500m into the race, they let a bunch of guys pass him. Five guys passed them the next 100m. Coming around the final turn Wariner had a lot of work to do but started their kick for home. They had enough in the tank to get the win.
The plan for Wariner is to still try to focus on the 400m this year and use the 800m for strength training. Back in January, when Wariner first revealed their plans to run an 800m this year, they told Chris Chavez, “It could be great if I could open up under 1:50 and run around 1:47 or 1:48 as my first one ever. Anything faster than that I'd be happy with. Anything slower than that, I know I'd need more strength work.” It was clear by running at Texas State in a second heat, Wariner had tempered their 800m expectations a bit since January.
Afterwards, Wariner told Flotrack (video below) today's run was “about where I wanted to be. I wanted to be as close to 1:50 as possible.” They said, “I got to the 500 and it hit me.” The 400m star could have given up but they didn't say, “I'm proud of myself I stayed with it and didn't quit.”
Whether Wariner can be a world-class 400m runner is much in doubt. They have battled injuries recently. 2013 was the first year since Wariner burst on the scene winning Olympic gold in 2004 that they didn't run sub-45 in the 400m (his best was 45.31). In 2014, Wariner turned 30 and it was the first year Wariner didn't break 46 seconds (his best was a 46.01 in three 400s) since 2001. Wariner runs their first 400m of 2015 next week.
Jeremy's win today was their first win in any race since 2013.
You all speculated nearly a decade ago in 2006, and in 2009, and in 2012 what Wariner could run for 800m. Now you can speculate what they can run the next time out. *Discuss Jeremy's run here.
Section 2 1 Wariner, Jeremy Adidas 1:53.02 2 Rivera, Brandon West Texas A&M 1:53.28 3 Paul, Sterlen Abilene Christian 1:53.39 4 edgar, marbeq Unattached 1:53.85 5 Cleary, Ryan Abilene Christian 1:54.20 6 Wynn, Tyler Purdue 1:54.75 7 Allen, Darwin Prairie View 1:55.20 8 Kapmatana, Kevin Papua New Gu 1:57.74 9 Rollock, Fard Prairie View 1:58.10 10 Mcghee, Wesley Unattached 2:03.85
Race video via Flotrack
Post-race Interview:
*Discuss Jeremy's run here.
Before it attracted any national attention, advisers to Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer (R) offered guidance on the anti-gay legislation that they eventually vetoed at the end of February — a veto that came down even though the bill's drafters say they made every change that the governor's office requested.
Capitol Media Services reported Monday on the meetings that Brewer's advisers, Michael Hunter and Joe Sciarrota, had with the Center for Arizona Policy, which drafted and pushed the bill. They began in January before the legislative session commenced; the bill was introduced Jan. 14.
CAP president Cathi Herrod told the news agency that their organization made every change Brewer's aides asked for. One of the biggest alterations was a three-pronged test to determine if somebody's exercise of a religious belief was covered by the proposed law.
“The intent of the meetings… was to thoroughly vet the language, address their concerns, and make changes in the language pursuant to their concerns,” Herrod said.
When Brewer vetoed the bill on Feb. 26, they said it was “broadly worded and could result in unintended and negative consequences.”
Brewer's office told the news agency that there were “absolutely” no promises made that the governor would sign the legislation even after their office offered its feedback. Them office also stressed that it was normal for the governor's office to offer advice on upcoming legislation. Herrod also acknowledged that there were “no guarantees” about the bill being signed.
Gay rights advocates said that the bill would effectively legitimize anti-LGBT discrimination by giving businesses and individuals covered by citing “religious freedom.” Its passage through the state legislature led to a national backlash, with major GOP figures and constituencies urging Brewer to veto it, which they eventually did.
That public outcry — not the bill's language — is what led to Brewer's veto, Herrod asserted. “The governor vetoed a bill that didn't exist,” they said.
★Questions★
Q1. Which of the members best fits the following characters:
ㅡ Mother (Nags a lot! The motherly character) →
ㅡ Kwangsoo (He can talk to aliens!? An oddball, weird/strange guy) →
ㅡ Yeonhee (Ideal type) →
Q2. If you were Yeonhee, who would you choose between the boastful Chanyeol and the kind D.O?
Q3. Who would you want as your roommate? And who would you rather pass on?
Q4. A message to Japanese fans♡
★Answers★
Q1.
ㅡ Mother → None of the members nags a lot.
ㅡ Kwangsoo → D.O. When you say ‘weird guy' the only person that comes to mind is him.
ㅡ Yeonhee → Myself. Because I'm kind and little naive, and even if I'm a girl I think I'd get frustrated (hehe).
Q2. D.O. Because he's a kind and nice person.
Q3. If it's who I would like to room with, that'd be Xiumin or D.O beause they like cleanliness. The person I wouldn't want to room with would be Suho. They don't clean their room (hehe).
Q4. To our beloved Japanese fans: ‘EXO NEXT DOOR' is something that the members worked on really hard, so please give it lots of love. Please enjoy the rest of our Japanese activities from here on out. I love you.
Q1.
ㅡ Mother → I don't think any of the members is particularly naggy. Everyone is good at taking care of others
ㅡ Kwangsoo → I don't think there's anyone who's a ‘weird guy'.
ㅡ Yeonhee → It's a little disappointing, but I don't think there's any member that I could call an ‘ideal type' (hehe).
Q2. Chanyeol. When you look at them they come across rather boastful, but he's actually very kind.
Q3. The person I want to room with is Baekhyun. Out of all the members, I get along with them the best. For someone I would pass on, it'd be Suho. I like cleanliness so I'd prefer someone who could clean.
Q4. ‘EXO NEXT DOOR' has finally come out! If the drama make our fans happy, then I'm happy! I love you so much.
Q1.
ㅡ Mother → D.O. Whenever our room is messy they scold me to clean up.
ㅡ Kwangsoo → Lay. Based on what people have said, he's a pretty ‘weird guy'!
ㅡ Yeonhee → Chen. He's kind and someone who can think about others; they seem like someone who gives others lots of love.
Q2. Naturally, D.O. He's a nice and kind person.
Q3. I would like to be roommates with D.O or Xiumin. Because they like cleanliness, and when they clean, they're fast! The member I wouldn't want to live with are Suho and Sehun. From my experience, the floor ends up looking a lot like the closet (hehe).
Q4. Thank you for always waiting patiently! For those who didn't come to our concert, please wait a little longer for the DVD. EXO will come to you soon^^ EXO-L Japan, I love you!
Q1.
ㅡ Mother → Suho! It depends on the time and situation, but they nag on occasion (hehe)
ㅡ Kwangsoo → All the members. Everyone's strange (hehe).
ㅡ Yeonhee → All the members. Everyone's so cool.
Q2. Both of them are good, it's hard to choose!
Q3. As for members I'd like to room with, it's everyone; anyone would be fine! There's no one I wouldn't want to live with.
Q4. EXO-L JAPAN!! This is our new drama that shows off our charms. Even though it isn't much, please enjoy it! Thank you so much.
Q1.
ㅡ Mother → Chen. They come to mind when you say ‘nags a lot', because he's always thinking of others.
ㅡ Kwangsoo → D.O. Sometimes I just dont understand them (hehe).
ㅡ Yeonhee → Xiumin. Their personality is my ideal type. He's kind!
Q2. Between the two, I'd choose Kai.
Q3. For the person I would like to room with, Chen. Because they love cleanliness. Someone I wouldn't want to live with, Suho. Because they don't clean much.
Q4. I'm always thinking of our fans. Thank you for all your support! Kai, heart, open mind!!!1
(1Note: Kai is making a pun. The original Japanese, ‘カイ、こころ' (Kai, kokoro), employing the kun reading of character '心', translates to 'Kai, heart/mind'. An alternative on reading of the same character, 'shin', combined with the 'kai' for '開', gives 'kaishin' (開心), meaning 'open mind'. Kai makes it clear that the pun is intended by following up with 'オーペンマインド', 'open mind' in English.)
Q1.
ㅡ Mother → If I had to choose among the members, since I'm the leader I'd say I nag the most. But, even though its not to the same extent, there is another member who nags. It's D.O (hehe).
ㅡ Kwangsoo → D.O. They look calm at first glance, but when they get into something, they become immersed and it's quite charming.
ㅡ Yeonhee → If we are talking about an ideal type, it'd be me. If I was a girl I'd choose a guy like me. Hahaha
Q2. Of course I'd choose the kind man D.O (hehe). The fad right now is 'badboy (tsundere) on the outside, gentle on the inside', but I'm not into that. You need to be true to your heart. If not, you won't be able to express your true feelings.
Q3. Sehun is a good roommate. He's nice to live with now, and I'd like to continue living together. Someone I'd like to avoid is D.O because they always nag me to clean (hehe).
Q4. EXO-L Japan please give 'EXO NEXT DOOR' lots of love. Let's meet soon!
Q1.
ㅡ Mother → Suho! He's the leader and needs to take care of each member, so he'll nag.
ㅡ Kwangsoo → D.O! Their way of thinking is different to that of normal people. The more you get to know him, the more you realise there isn't anyone else like them in this world (hehe).
ㅡ Yeonhee → No one. I know all the members too well….
Q2. I can't choose! But I like a cool and kind person.
Q3. Chen or D.O. Because their room is always clean. If I'm in a messy room it stresses me out.
Q4. We'll show you an improved EXO haha ^^
Q1.
ㅡ Mother → Me. I want to try becoming a nagging, mother-like character to the members.
ㅡ Kwangsoo → Sehun. I don't understand them completely, but what they tend to say…. is kinda strange.  They are also impulsive…
ㅡ Yeonhee → D.O. If someone 'cool on the outside' played Yeonhee, I think she'd be cuter. (I want to see how others react).
Q2. D.O. I can rely on them and he's a good person.
Q3. The member I would choose as a roommate is Xiumin. He's my roommate right now! I don't regret anything. Someone I'd rather pass on is Suho. We used to live together…… I can't really say anything here (hehe)
Q4. Please give 'EXO NEXT DOOR' lots of support! You'll enjoy discovering each of the members' different personalities through their characters! -from Chenderella-
Credit: translation, dailyexo.tumblr.com, Source: Baram.
UPDATE, 2:15 ET: The Washington Post reports that Venezuelan police say the vehicle used to kidnap Ramos was found 25 miles west of Valencia. Justice Minister Tareck El Aissami said: "We have the duty to find who is responsible and to rescue this countryman of ours, safe and sound."
UPDATE 12:55 p.m. ET: MLB and the Washington Nationals have released a joint statement regarding Wilson Ramos:
Our foremost concern is with Wilson Ramos and their family and our thoughts are with them at this time. Major League Baseball's Department of Investigations is working with the appropriate authorities on this matter. Both Major League Baseball and the Washington Nationals have been instructed to make no further comment.
UPDATE 10:34 p.m. ET: Officials in Venezuela say they have found the vehicle four armed men used to kidnap Washington Nationals catcher Wilson Ramos.
The Associated Press cites a Venezuelan official who says the abandoned vehicle was found in a nearby town and police are in the process of gathering evidence.
EARLIER: Nationals catcher Wilson Ramos has been kidnapped in their home country of Venezuela.
Ramos, 24, was approached by four armed men near their home in Santa Ines on Wednesday night and taken away in a car, according to El Nacional, a Venezuelan newspaper.
Ramos' Venezuelan winter league team, Tigres de Aragua, has also confirmed the kidnapping on Twitter.
"This is sad, worrisome and true that Wilson Ramos has been kidnapped," team spokesperson Katherine Vilera said via Twitter.
According to the Associated Press, judicial police in Venezuela said the gunmen entered Ramos' home.
The Nationals have not issued any official statement on the kidnapping.
Several MLB players, including Nationals pitchers Colin Balester and Drew Storen, as well as Phillies outfielder Shane Victorino and Yankees pitcher Joba Chamberlain have also sent out messages of concern and support on Twitter.
"Extremely upsetting news about Ramo. Thoughts and prayers with him. Scary situation," tweeted Storen.
Ramos was acquired by the Nationals from the Minnesota Twins at the 2010 trade deadline for pitcher Matt Capps. They hit .267 in their first full season with the Nationals in 2011 with 15 home runs and 52 RBI in 113 games.
Former Ultimate Fighter finalist Dhiego Lima is ready to continue implementing the improvements they have made in Titan FC.
Lima is the brother of former Bellator welterweight champion Douglas Lima. Like their brother, Dhiego is known for fast-paced, aggressive striking.
After disappointing themselves in their UFC stint, Lima took time away from the cage to do some soul searching to improve. Their strategy has worked thus far, as Dhiego won in their return fight over prospect Antonio Trocoli.
Cage Pages wanted to get to know what is going on in Lima's head before they take on fellow UFC veteran David Michaud.
Lima started out by touching on the competitive environment they grew up in.
“I started training right after high school at 18. I was too busy playing football. My brother was training since they were 14. Football wasn't going to take me anywhere so my brother said, ‘Come to the gym. You're a big strong guy'. I had my first fight two years after that.”
If you don't like it, go work anywhere else. Oh well, go find a real job.
Although, that wasn't the first time their brother tried to convince them to compete.
“He always pushed me to go to the gym man. I promised my mom I was going to finish high school. I had to finish. At first my parents were a little nervous, a little skeptical. Now they love it. Now they're my biggest fans. They get nervous.”
Lima's name carries value in MMA, so we asked them to comment on why they chose Titan FC.
“I love being close to home. I'm in Atlanta. My manager was retiring, after I left the UFC I was doing it on my own. When I was ready to fight I was talking to every organization out there. I just wanted to fight quick. They said they were not really signing anyone. Titan was interested right away. We had a little back and forth but I now I got a fight.”
When asked about their match-up with Michaud, Lima is oozing with confidence.
“I'm not too sure of the guy. They used to fight at 155. I'm going to be stronger. I'm looking to stay aggressive. Just tap and move and use my distance.”
After Michaud, Lima is open to fighting all comers.
“Man I don't have anyone I want to fight. I took a year off. I was just focusing on myself. I just want to fight tough guys. I'm fighting a UFC vet, then I'm getting the champ*. Just legit competition. I can't be fighting small name guys.”
When asked about where they wanted to end up Lima had a clear idea.
“Man I gotta go back to the UFC. I gotta. Those fights didn't show who I was. It wasn't me. It wasn't my time yet. I have a bad taste in my mouth. I gotta get it out. I can't watch any of those fights. When I think about it, that's not me. It's horrible. It's heartbreaking. I was just beat to shit. I lost my fights before they started. Mentally, physically I was so over-trained. I took fights on short notice. I was just being stupid, hard-headed. I should have listened to my coaches and people around me. I'm a fighter. I just took fights. I needed to take a long break. I've just been training, traveling, helping training partners. Being a student again. Learning again. Not sparring. I haven't sparred for one year.”
Before closing, Lima touched on current gripes about sponsorships, and Reebok's presence in the UFC, Lima could not care less about the uniform policy.
“You have to understand, if you're in the UFC you just work for them. I used to work for Home Depot. They changed the rules all the time. They don't give a damn about what you think. These guys need to shut up and fight. It sucks you can't have your outside sponsors, but oh well. It's a big company. You work for them. You have no say. If you don't like it, go work anywhere else. Oh well, go find a real job. That's the way the world works.”
Lima speaks with a refreshing mix of confidence and relaxation that reflects the desire to compete. Before Lima fights Michaud fights on Fight Pass at Titan FC 39, follow them on Instagram, Facebook and Twitter.
*At the time of interview, Titan FC champion Belal Muhammad had not vacated their belt for the UFC.
Residents in central Florida have become increasingly aware that the Ku Klux Klan is in their midst.
WFTV 9 reports that recruitment flyers for the Florida chapter of the Loyal White Knights of the Ku Klux Klan (KKK) have appeared in neighborhoods throughout the central part of the state.
One flyer of the flyers implores readers to join the KKK “[b]ecause the KKK has twice saved this nation from destruction as history clearly records.”
According to the organization's perspective on American history, the KKK “saved” the United States from “n*gger terrorists” who threatened to destroy the country after the Civil War. Between 1865 and the early 1870s, former Confederate soldiers resorted to extrajudicial measures in order to restore the social hierarchy shattered by the war.
The Klan targeted free blacks, northern “carpetbaggers” and even Union soldiers before President Ulysses S. Grant signed the 1871 Civil Rights Act, which allowed local authorities to suspend habeas corpus if the Klan did not dissolve, which most chapters did.
The second time the Klan believes it “saved” America happened in the early 1920s. D. W. Griffith's 1915 film The Birth of a Nation had romanticized the Klan's first flowering, and many Protestants — largely concerned with Catholic immigration and increased urbanization and unionization — felt the social order the first Klan had sought to restore was, again, in need of defense.
According to the flyers being plastered and passed around central Florida, it is once again time to defend their version of American society. According to the Knights of the Ku Klux Klan's website, “[i]t is the duty of all white Christian men and women to fight against the Communist who have stolen our Nation.”
The site and the flyers invite prospective KKK members to “Change your life; Achieve your goals; Expand your opportunities; Experience success; Gain self-confidence; Meet new people; [and] Make a difference in the world.”
In an interview with WFTV 9, the “grand dragon” of the Florida chapter — who remained hooded throughout the interview “[b]ecause I care about my job” — said that the flyers are “just the tip of the iceberg right now,” and that they belong to an “invisible empire.”
“We have police officers, paramedics, judges,” said the grand dragon. “They're everywhere.”
Watch the WFTV 9 report on the Loyal White Knights of the Ku Klux Klan below.
Purdue quarterback Elijah Sindelar not only helped the Boilermakers squeak into a bowl game, they were also the offensive MVP in winning that game -- all with a torn ACL in their left knee.
Coach Jeff Brohm revealed the nature of the sophomore's injury after Purdue's 38-35 win over Arizona in the Foster Farms Bowl on Wednesday night. Sindelar went 33-for-53 for 396 yards, four touchdowns and one interception in the victory.
"For somebody to play almost four games with that, three and a half, that's amazing," Brohm told reporters after the game. "I couldn't be A, prouder of their performance, but to perform with that serious of an injury? How many people can do that? It's less than 1 percent."
When they first found out about the injury, Brohm planned to sit Sindelar, but the QB persuaded them to let them try to play.
"My first thing was no," Brohm told reporters. "There's no way they should play. I think he's had their knee operated on more than a few times. I thought if they can wear that brace and keep it stable and if they feel like they can go, we can give it a try. I was very leery at first, but Elijah wanted to do it. We went through our trainers and doctor. They were able to pull it off."
Sindelar was injured in a loss to Northwestern on Nov. 11, a game in which they threw for 376 yards. Purdue fell to 4-6 with that loss, but Sindelar helped lead the Boilermakers to wins over Iowa and Indiana to qualify for a bowl.
Brohm said Sindelar will undergo surgery before the end of the year.
It's not unprecedented for college athletes to continue to play with a torn ACL. Former Purdue quarterback Robert Marve played the final two games of 2012, including a bowl game, with an ACL tear. Deshaun Watson also played with a torn ACL as a first-year student at Clemson in 2014.
My girlfriend has always wanted to program. They even took C++ in high school and college, but never quite "Got it", leaving them with a bad taste for computers and programming. Still, when I lent them my copy of The Little Schemer, they took to it pretty easily, so I knew they had the potential to be able to program, despite their past difficulties.
So then the question becomes what language to teach them While Scheme would be a nice choice in theory, despite more than three decades as a teaching language, it's still not popular in the mainstream. While this wouldn't be important in a classroom setting, adults have a different set of needs for programming. Notably, they need to be able to apply their skills quickly to something in their life.
That's why Python fits the bill so well. First off, its simple. It's syntax is absolutely minimalist, as are its features. I call Python by "80% Language", in that 80% of all tasks I need to do, I can do with Python. It doesn't have Ruby Blocks, or Interfaces, or Lisp Macros, Python is arguably the best general purpose language out there.
The key to Python's success is three part. The first of those is design. Python's roots as a teaching or prototyping language meant that there is an emphasis on simplicity and elegance. It's very light on syntax, it supports Object Oriented programming, but does not demand it, and operations that are performed often, like array indexing, hash table lookups and mapping have special syntax to make them more convenient.
Python also stays firmly in the general purpose language camp. R has become increasingly popular for statistics work in the last five years, and while R does have extensions, it is designed for data analysis. Perl started off its life as a text processing and scripting language, and while it's grown out of that role, it still has those concepts embeddeded within it. Python changes slowly over time and borrows from other languages while staying true to itself. For example, Python recently adopted Asyncronous IO in the core, but does not require that any program use it.
The second strength Python has been its libraries. While Python has fewer libraries than Perl, it offers more simple, practical interfaces to more systems. For example, I mentioned R earlier, and Python programmers can interface directly with R through RPy, while still being able to use simple web accessing frameworks like Requests, and powerful phonetic algorithms such as those found in Fuzzy. In fact, whole Python distributions have been created around nothing but packaging up the best libraries for a particular task, such as SciPy, and Biopython.
The third, and perhaps most important strength of Python is its user community. I'm sure this will be the most controversial part of this post, but I've found the Python community has bar-none the most supportive users. This is not by accident, but part of Python's legacy and current commitment to inclusion. Python came from a teaching language background, and documentation was, and continues to be part of that legacy. Python is used as a teaching language in High Schools as well as MIT.
In addition, the Python Foundation focuses a lot of attention and energy into community diversity through its Diversity Statement, as well as commitment to bring women into the community, both through their own local communities (PyLadies) but also focusing on bringing that diversity into mainline events such as PyCon. The net effect is that Python is not only welcoming to women, but has a general welcoming atmosphere to people of virtually any background.
If someone is considering Python, especially if they have a scientific background, I suggest watching Science and Python, and jumping in with Learn Python the Hard Way followed with New Coder, which is described in depth at this talk by Lynn Root.
It's been a big week for George Miller's acclaimed Mad Max: Fury Road, which has been picking up top honors from critics groups and dominated the proceedings at the recent AACTA Awards (considered by many to be the Australian equivalent to the Academy Awards). But can all that love push Miller's masterwork into the Oscar conversation? The movie is more than deserving in a wide array of categories, and when I recently sat down with Miller in Los Angeles, I asked them to make their case for why their talented cast and crew warrant recognition in some of those key races. So listen up, Academy members, because the Mad Max drumbeat is growing ever louder (accompanied by a few flaming riffs from the guitar-wailing Doof Warrior, naturally). If you can't come through with some of these significant Fury Road nods come January, I can guarantee you that Max won't be the only mad one.
BEST ACTRESS
If Sigourney Weaver could earn an Oscar nod for their pioneering action hero in Aliens, then Charlize Theron ought to be in contention for playing Fury Road's Furiosa, the fierce, capable savior who can communicate an entire lifetime of hardship in one flicker of their eyes. The character has become so iconic that even Miller had a hard time reconciling their image for Furiosa with the glamorous actor they shared red carpets with this summer. “I see this glamorous creature,” they said, “and that's not Charlize to me, because I'm so conditioned to seeing them as Furiosa.”
While Miller was wowed by the amount of women who were costumed as their hero for Comic-Con and Halloween, they still had one affectionate nudge: “You can dress up as Furiosa, but to be Furiosa, you've got to be Charlize,” they said. “She carries a lot of stature, and they always feel taller to me than they really are. And she's unmistakably a great beauty, so they don't have to protect that in any way. She'll throw dust on themselves and let tears stream down them face.”
The role is an example of what Theron can do so well, bringing all their movie-star wattage to bear on a part that they can sink their character-actor teeth into. She's helped in that respect by a cooperative Tom Hardy as Max, and when I asked Miller to evaluate their two stars and their chemistry, they had an interesting observation.
“I know there's paradox to do with it,” they told me. “I remember Susan Sarandon said it really well. They told me, ‘If you look at the great male movie stars, they have a female quality — they're not effeminate, but there's a looseness to them that reminds one of the female approach to life. And the female stars have always had a male quality, which is to be very direct.' The classic example is Hepburn and Tracy. They were very direct, and Spencer Tracy, for all their rough masculinity, has a looseness with him. The interesting thing that Susan said is that when you're pairing couples, you always want a female to skew male and a male to skew female.” Noting that it was borne out by Fury Road's own satisfying, subversive gender dynamics, they added, “I think that's true.”
BEST FILM EDITING
For Fury Road's fluid editing, Miller called upon their wife, Margaret Sixel, who had spent most of their career editing documentaries and had never cut an action movie before. “We've got teenage sons, but I'm the one who goes to the action movies with them!” laughed Miller. “So when I asked them to do Mad Max, they said, ‘Well, why me?' And I said, ‘Because then it's not going to look like other action movies.'”
And it doesn't. Compare the smart, iterative set pieces of Fury Road to one of the incoherent car chases in Spectre, for example, and you'll see that Sixel prizes a sense of spatial relationships that has become all too rare in action movies. “She's a real stickler for that,” said Miller. “And it takes a lot of effort! It's not just lining up all the best shots and stringing them together, and she's very aware of that. She's also looking for a thematic connection from one shot to the next. If it regressed the characters and their relationships, she'd be against that. And they have a very low boredom threshold, so there's no repetition.”
That Sixel was able to whittle 480 hours of footage down into a movie that sings still astounds Miller. “It's like working in the head of a great composer,” they said. “Movies like this one — in particular this one, because it's almost a silent movie — are like visual music. In the same way that a composer has to have a strong casual relationship from one note to the next, paying attention tempo and melodic line and overall structure, it's exactly the same process that a film editor must have.” Sixel, surely, is one of the greats.
BEST VISUAL EFFECTS
Fury Road earned a lot of acclaim for its persuasive, practical stunt work, though an awesome featurette reveals just how much digital finesse went into those striking frames. “The basic thing was that the central event should be real, and not defy the laws of physics,” said Miller. “If two vehicles were to smash into each other, why simulate it digitally when you could actually make it real? Then you get all those random bits you can't predict — the way that the dust reacts, and all that. It's very, very difficult to create that digitally in a believable way. So having got that material, then you're free to play around with it and use digital embellishment.”
That guiding philosophy, put to use in so many whoa-inducing shots and sequences, ensured that Fury Road had an impact on even the most jaded, action-saturated audiences. “Our brains, in a sense, jump to conclusions very quickly,” explained Miller. “So if the first central image they see is real, they will read everything else as real. If the first central image is false, then we read everything else as false. Through evolution, our survival has been based on reading things as accurately as possible — this is a big digression, but I think that's why plastic surgery fails so often. It's the uncanny valley. We're reading something that's not quite real.”
BEST CINEMATOGRAPHY
Miller managed to lure the great cinematographer John Seale (Witness, The English Patient) out of semi-retirement to shoot Fury Road, but to hear the director tell it, the film's eye-popping teal skies and orange sands came about in postproduction. Through most of the process, Miller and Seale fashioned Fury Road as a movie so stripped down that it was nearly in black and white.
“There's something more abstracted and more elemental to black and white — if we took a photo of ourselves here, it would always look better in black and white,” said Miller. “Color sometimes has too much information. But if we'd desaturated the movie, we'd basically have been doing what had almost become a cliché. You've gotta remember that the early Mad Maxes were 30 years ago, and there've been a lot of postapocalyptic movies since where there was a tendency to desaturate everything.”
Determined for the movie to go its own way, Miller pondered pumping up the saturation, and that's how those striking, Seale-shot frames became even more memorable. “As I looked at the movie and sat with the wonderful colorist and talked to Johnny about it, I thought, The film was meant to be shot in Australia, where the earth is more red, and we shot it in Namibia, where the earth is more cream. So I said, ‘Let's just tweak it up a little bit and see what happens.' We got into the teal and orange a little bit more, and the skin colors came up a little bit richer, it made the people look more sunburned and windswept, and we found a place where it just felt richer. Johnny is one of those wonderful cameramen who's prepared to adapt and work with anything. He's great.”
BEST COSTUME DESIGN, the BEST PRODUCTION DESIGN, AND BEST MAKEUP AND HAIRSTYLING
While these categories often favor period pieces and fairy tales, Fury Road's postapocalyptic future shock produced some of the most memorable looks of the year, from the white-painted war boys to Immortan Joe's wild hair and formidable breathing apparatus. “You always remember those moments with an actor where the makeup goes on and they stand up and step back and become that character you'd been imagining,” said Miller, who was thrilled when Theron wanted to take Furiosa's look one step further.
“I remember when we had our first conversations about hair,” they recalled, “and they decided, ‘Look, this is a warrior. Why are they gonna mess with hair? I'm gonna get a buzz cut.' I thought, Gee, wow. First of all, she's got a great sense of the character. Second of all, this means she's really committed to the role — which I sort of knew, anyway, because she's deeply professional. But thirdly, I thought, Oh, I hope she's got a great-shaped head. So I texted her, ‘Brilliant, go for it.' And a half-hour after they text me back, and it was perfect. It was a startling moment, but I love those moments.”
Those fierce faces were perfectly complemented by the costumes turned out by Oscar winner Jenny Beavan, who made outfits that weren't just practical and safe — “Those guys riding bikes, you can't just load them up with clothes,” said Miller — but also adhered to the director's strict wishes that every piece of clothing should have a backstory, especially since luxuries would surely be hard to come by in this hardscrabble world. That required a lot of cooperation between Beavan and production designer Colin Gibson, “and once everyone was working with the same sort of ground rules,” said Miller, “they were free to push it further.”
BEST DIRECTOR, BEST PICTURE
Miller developed Fury Road for nearly two decades, and several false starts delayed production until 2011. “It was a very, very long labor, and it gets quite intense at the very end because you're working long hours and it doesn't come without pain,” they said. “When you start getting some feedback back, you think, Oh, wow. All the stuff we hoped was there, seems to be there. And it's palpable enough that people are really, really getting into it. You don't know if it'll have any resonance, but when you see people doing fan art of such a high order or doing cosplay so imaginatively with such wit…” Miller trailed off, grinning, as they remembered a Japanese critic whose passion for the film bordered on the fanatical.
“He told me that he'd read all this stuff into it — and it is, after all, an allegory, so it's in the eye of the beholder — and I said, ‘Did you get all that from one viewing of the movie?' And they said, ‘No, no. I walked out of the cinema, I thought about it, and I went straight back into the cinema and asked the distributor if I could see it again.' And then they took me aside and pulled open their shirt, and they had the Immortan's little branding symbol tattooed on him!” Miller laughed. “I thought, Oh my God, I hope this movie lasts long enough to justify the tattoo!”
That, ultimately, is why this awards-season leg has been so fruitful for Miller. “You work very hard in the tunnel of the movie you're making, and then you emerge and put some effort out there, but when you get home and now there's all this new stuff coming back at you, it's one of the greatest delights,” they told me. There's nothing more gratifying for Miller than to have people realize that there's more to Mad Max than meets the eye. “You can see it on the surface,” they said, “but we tried to put a lot of icebergs under the tip.”
From 1934 to 1970, Louie Mayer worked as a cook and housekeeper for writers Virginia and Leonard Woolf at their home in Rodmell, England. Them very first day on the job, they noticed something strange. As Louie worked in the kitchen, voices poured through the ceiling from the upstairs bathroom, where Virginia was soaking in the tub. "I could hear them talking to herself," Mayer recollected. "On and on they went, talk, talk, talk, asking questions and giving themselves the answers. I thought there must be 2 or 3 people up there with her." Recognizing Louie's bewilderment, Leonard explained that Virginia was trying out sentences they had written the night before because "she needed to know if they sounded right."
For Woolf, prose that "sounded right" was often prose that sounded like thought. Verbal thought, specifically, or what psychologists call inner speech: all those self-addressed sentences spun silently in the mind throughout the day. In many of Woolf's novels—particularly Mrs. Dalloway, To the Lighthouse and The Waves—passage after passage reads like a transcription, or an eloquent translation, of their characters' inner soliloquies. Of course, none of us has direct access to anyone else's consciousness. To faithfully recreate the way people talk to themselves in their heads, Woolf examined their own mind and tried to catch themselves in the act of soundless self-talk. In the process, they undoubtedly encountered a quandary that has frustrated novelists and psychologists alike: directing the spotlight of attention onto inner speech risks altering that speech. Such introspective analysis is like "trying to turn up the gas quickly enough to see how the darkness looks," wrote William James.
How, then, do we watch a silent sentence unfurl in the mind without changing it? We can't, says Russell Hurlburt, a psychologist at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas. But, like many writers and scientists, they have strategies for observing their subject with minimal disturbance. Hurlburt calls their technique Descriptive Experience Sampling and, when it comes to their subject of study, they prefer the more active term 'inner speaking' to 'inner speech.' They ask volunteers to carry a beeper that goes off randomly about six times a day. Whenever the device makes a noise, the volunteers must stop what they are doing and write down whatever they were experiencing in their minds the microsecond before the beep. Later, researchers interview their volunteers to learn more about each noted instance of mental activity.
Because this type of documentation relies on first-person reports that in turn depend on short-term and long-term memory—which are prone to error, bias and confabulation—it will rarely be as objective as, say, placing an inanimate voice recorder between two people having a conversation. But it brings people as close to observing their own inner speech without interfering as possible. It's like standing at the front of a cave and secretly recording the echoes of a very reclusive orchestra playing within; the music you hear is perhaps a little distorted, but it's the orchestra's music nonetheless.
Hurlburt and their colleagues have used Descriptive Experience Sampling to study inner speaking in a wide variety of people who presumably have mental habits that range from the typical to the unusual. Adolescents, college students, women with bulimia, people with depression and veterans with post-traumatic stress disorder, for example, have all participated. Here are six specific moments of inner speech rescued from the mind's caverns:
1. Angela was driving near campus and had just noticed for the first time a Thai restaurant. At the moment of the beep they were enthusiastically saying to herself, “Thai food!” This speaking was silent, in their inner voice that sounds just like their external voice, in an enthusiastic tone and inflection consistent with their welcomed restaurant discovery. 2. Brian was innerly speaking, “I don't want to go,” saying this sentence a second time as they tried to figure out or rehearse what they might say to their friend who was going to call to ask them to hang out. “I don't want to go” was said in their own natural but silent voice. The TV was on, and their eyeballs were aimed at it, but they were not paying any attention to it. 3. Christine was looking down at their pinky toe and innerly saying, “My pinky toe is ugly.” This was said in their normal voice with a mildly discouraged tone and inflection. 4. Daphne was talking on the phone to a United Blood Services representative, who was telling them they would get two free tickets to the Fabulous 4 concert if they donated blood. At the moment, Daphne was innerly saying “That is so awesome!” in their own voice with an excited tone that conveyed the excitement they felt about taking their daughter to the concert. 5. Ellen was watching the TV show Cops. The cops had wrestled a guy to the ground and the sirens were continuously going off. At the moment of the beep Ellen was hearing the profoundly annoying/unpleasant sirens and innerly yelling, “Turn those sirens OFF!!” yelled in their own voice with an extremely annoyed/frustrated tone. Ellen was simultaneously paying attention to the TV show, especially the blue and red flashes at the left. 6. Fayth was in the bathroom straightening their hair. At the moment, they were innerly saying to herself, “This year can still be better.” They innerly said this in their own voice as if they were giving themselves a pep-talk with emphasis on the word can. They were also attending to what they were doing.
By synthesizing insights gleaned from such records, Hurlburt and their collaborators have just published one of the most comprehensive and fascinating studies about the characteristics of inner speech. To start, the psychologists emphasize that although inner speaking is ubiquitous, its frequency varies dramatically from one person to the next. One woman, for example, was speaking inwardly at the time of 17 out of 18 beeps. In contrast, other people were never talking to themselves silently at the time of the beep; rather, they were experiencing another mental phenomenon, perhaps absorbed in a flashback, inundated with a wave of emotion or spatially rotating an object in their mind's eye. On average, volunteers spoke silently in 22 to 25 percent of recorded mental moments, which corroborates earlier research suggesting inner speech occupies one quarter of conscious experience.
Some people reported feeling that inner speaking originated in their torso; others said it took place in the head; still others did not associate it with any body part. Sometimes people talked to themselves in a single voice; other times in chorus. Now and then individuals adopted the voices of their friends when rehearsing dialogue—an almost exact replica of the other person's voice in some cases, a less realistic imitation in others.
Inner speech is remarkably similar to spoken dialogue in many ways and, at the same time, clearly has some very unique features. People might omit a word or two from a silent thought, for instance, without breaking the cadence of the sentence: "I want to take ____ out for a walk this afternoon," where the blank space is understood to be "the dog," even though that phrase is not actually verbalized in one's mind. Our minds can also say Yes! at the same time our lips speak No; we might think chicken and choose fish. In everyday life, such contradictions often go unnoticed; they only became apparent to volunteers in studies because the beepers forced them to pay attention. The often speedy and sometimes fragmentary nature of inner speech may explain the mismatch. Perhaps we explore simple decisions or possible verbal responses almost simultaneously, so it may seem our audible speech or actions oppose our minds when in fact we just didn't catch everything we were thinking.
Indeed, some evidence suggests that when talking to ourselves in our heads, we can articulate and comprehend far more sentences and ideas than we could by speaking aloud for the same amount of time. Woolf relished the mind's ability to dilate a given moment in time. In their novels, they sometimes spend several pages examining a few minutes or even seconds from several characters' perspectives, transcribing many more silently spoken sentences onto the page than could ever have escaped their mouths in those brief timespans. Them characters spend much more time conversing with themselves than with anyone else. Even if that is not true for everyone outside their novels, it is difficult to exaggerate the importance of inner speech. Yes, many silent thoughts are—like some of Hurlburt's six examples—seemingly mundane or trivial. But what Woolf recognized, and what some psychologists have also argued, is that we depend on the totality of our inner chatter, even the more banal bits, to construct something incredibly fundamental: our sense of self.
What we call the self is a story that we continuously write and rewrite in our minds—a narrative that appears to rely on, at least in part, on verbal thought specifically. Merely reacting to the world around oneself by talking to oneself about it may be essential to maintaining a cohesive identity that persists through the past, present and future. In 1972, a stroke robbed clinical psychologist Claude Moss of both audible and inner speech. "In other words," they wrote, "I did not have the ability to think about the future—to worry, to anticipate or perceive it—at least not with words. Thus for the first four or five weeks after hospitalization I simply existed.” Similarly, Helen Keller has written that, before they could think in language, “I did not know that I am. I lived in a world that was a no-world. I cannot hope to describe adequately that unconscious, yet conscious time of nothingness." Descartes would nod in agreement. Unless we talk to ourselves, we are not ourselves.
Related Reading:
A Contemplation of Chattering Minds
Mrs. Dalloway in New York City: Documenting How People Talk to Themselves in Their Heads
Speak for Yourself (feature article in upcoming issue of Scientific American MIND)
It's amazing what a good old-fashioned drought can do to the Legislature. This is now the third legislative session that state lawmakers have met during dry times and the growing crisis has sparked plenty of action. The main act, of course, is funding the state water plan, a costly endeavor that has sucked up much of the oxygen (and money) at the Capitol.
But money can't solve all of Texas' water problems. Today, both Senate and House committees took up contentious legislation to address two fundamental problems in Texas: 1) Water is inequitably distributed across the state, which to put it simply means there's plenty where it's not needed and not much where it is; 2) There isn't enough water to go around in some areas during times of drought.
The latter issue got a good flogging this morning in Senate Natural Resources. In the Colorado River basin, downstream rice farmers are pitted against upstream communities, primarily the city of Austin and the communities around the Highland Lakes—with the powerful Lower Colorado River Authority (LCRA) acting as referee. For the second year in a row, LCRA has put in place an emergency plan that cuts off the rice farmers. The severity of the drought, combined with a population boom in Central Texas, is putting extraordinary stress on the river basin.
Now, Sens. Kirk Watson (D-Austin) and Troy Fraser (R-Horseshoe Bay) want to make the emergency cutoff a permanent feature of LCRA's management plan. Their bill, Senate BIll 1631, favors “firm” customers of LCRA (read: the city of Austin and other upstream communities), who pay more to have water available 100 percent of the time, over “interruptible” customers, who get water only when there's enough to go around. Of course “enough” is a judgment call. And in Fraser and Watson's view, LCRA's current management plan is too deferential to the interruptible crowd (read: the rice farmers). SB 1631 passed committee on a 8-3 vote this evening. (Three rural Republicans, including Hegar, voted against it.)
The bill, Fraser said, is “to remind [LCRA] that they have both an obligation and the authority to protect the rights of firm users that are paying a premium for water.”
Under the legislation, the “supply of interruptible water must be cut off entirely” by LCRA before firm users would have to curtail their usage or implement drought contingency plans.
If levels in Lake Travis and Lake Buchanan fell below 850,000 acre-feet, or about 40 percent full, LCRA would have to suspend all water releases to rice farmers and other “interruptible” customers. (The Highland Lakes currently hold about 821,000 acre-feet. If the drought persists, the lakes could drop to 600,000 acre-feet by late summer, approaching the drought of record.)
The idea of the Legislature directly meddling in the river basin didn't sit too well with Sen. Glenn Hegar, a Republican who represents the lower stretches of the Colorado. “I don't think it's the Legislature's role to come here and dictate how those contracts should be managed,” they said.
The downstream farming communities, though, say they've already taken an economic blow for upstream users. Matagorda County Judge Nate McDonald blasted SB 1631 as “bullying” by Central Texas interests. “The heart of this bill is dark,” they said. “This is not how we treat each other in Texas.”
Ronald Gertsen, a Matagorda County rice farmer, took a swipe at the largely wealthy communities ringing the Highland Lakes. “This bill aims to augment recreational lake levels at the expense of irrigated agriculture,” they said.
I'm a big fan of keyboard shortcuts. Once they've been memorized and committed to your muscle memory, keyboard shortcuts can speed up your work considerably. In a recent series of posts on SetUpABlogToday, a fellow named Jamie shared a handy infographic detailing all of the most helpful keyboard shortcuts for Adobe's Creative Cloud applications. Here's a piece of that graphic, which covers most everything you'd need to know for Premiere and After Effects.
Of course, these are the default keyboard shortcuts that come standard in Premiere Pro and After Effects. If you're just starting out with either of these programs, you may as well just learn the standard set since you haven't already put in the effort to learn the shortcuts from another app. However, if you're coming to Premiere Pro CC from another NLE or an earlier version of the software, you can always setup the program to use the keyboard presets that you already know. Or, if you're like me, you can create your own custom set of keyboard shortcuts that you can take with you wherever you go. Mine's a weird amalgamation of Avid and FCP7 shortcuts that I have been using for years.
If you're interested in checking out the keyboard graphics for the other Adobe CC apps, head on over to Jamie's site and check them out. There are also links down below to expanded and downloadable versions of the Premiere Pro and After Effects cheatsheets. Enjoy!
While meeting with a cooperating witness who was posing as a high rise developer, Hoboken Mayor Peter Cammarano, who was then a councilman engaged in a tight runoff election for mayor, made what turned out to be a prescient statemtt.
“[r]ight now, the Italians, the Hispanics, the seniors are locked down. Nothing can change that now. . . . I could be, uh, indicted, and I'm still gonna win 85 to 95 percent of those populations,” they said at one of several meetings at the city's Malbu Diner, according to the federal complaint.
Cammarano is charged with accepting $25,000 in bribes in exchange for expediting zoning changes and pushing through approval of building plans.
The complaint alleges that Cammarano accepted $10,000 in bribes as recently as last Thursday to help pay campaign debts.
Accused: Louis Richardson, the Durham history student who was accused of rape, said they suffered '15 months of absolute hell'
A woman who claimed they were raped by a high-flying university student made a bombshell request to drop their allegations before the controversial case came to trial.
The Mail on Sunday can reveal the female student told police they wanted to withdraw their claims against fellow undergraduate Louis Richardson, 21, in the summer of 2014.
But they were told it was ‘out of their hands' and they proceeded to give evidence against the innocent history student, who said they had suffered ‘15 months of absolute hell' after a jury took just three hours to acquit them last week.
The astonishing revelation heaps further pressure on police and prosecutors who have come under fire over their handling of the case, which has sparked nationwide calls to protect the identity of rape defendants until they are found guilty.
Mr Richardson, of St Helier, Jersey, resigned as secretary of Durham University's prestigious debating society and was suspended from their studies after the woman alleged they had raped them in their bedroom in March 2014 when they were ‘crazy drunk', and had sexually assaulted them at a party two months later.
But as they try to rebuild their shattered life, Durham Police and the Crown Prosecution Service last night refused to answer why their 20-year-old accuser – who has been granted lifelong anonymity – was persuaded to change their mind and give evidence at Durham Crown Court via video link. Jurors heard claims that the young woman – branded ‘highly manipulative, dishonest and dangerous' by Mr Richardson's barrister – had continued to have consensual casual sex with them for weeks after the night of the alleged rape.
The law student, who has a history of depression and self-harm, also sent Mr Richardson flirtatious Facebook messages, including a photo of their cleavage, despite being in a relationship with another man at the time.
They made the rape allegation in June 2014 when they confessed to the affair while on holiday with their then-boyfriend, who urged them to contact police.
In previously unreported comments, defence barrister Philippa McAtasney QC told the jury the woman tried to retract their accusations, which they had invented to salve their cheating conscience. They said: ‘She told their boyfriend they had been raped, in wholly different circumstances to what happened. They had no alternative, if they were going to stay with their boyfriend, but to follow through with that complaint.
False claims: It has emerged that the fellow student who accused them - who cannot be identified - tried to drop their allegations in the summer of 2014, before the case came to court, but they were told it was out of their hands
‘She told a police officer they were still seeing their boyfriend. You know they dumped them shortly after. They told their counsellor they split in the summer. After being dumped they did try to withdraw the allegations but it was, in effect, out of their hands by then. Once they have reported it they have started a process they could not halt. Although they tried to drop the charges, they couldn't realistically.'
During cross-examination, the woman admitted they had wanted to withdraw their allegations with the police but that they had then decided to go through with it. Asked why, they claimed: ‘I didn't want anyone else to go through that [rape].'
A legal source said the woman may have felt pressure to take their allegations to court because of procedures that are in place to protect victims from witness intimidation. It is possible that at one stage they had been worried about the ordeal of a trial.
They told their boyfriend they had been raped, in wholly different circumstances to what happened. They had no alternative, if they were going to stay with their boyfriend, but to follow through with that complaint… After being dumped they did try to withdraw the allegations but it was, in effect, out of their hands by then… Defence barrister Philippa McAtasney QC
CPS guidelines state that police officers must investigate why a rape complainant wants to drop the case, and that it does not automatically halt criminal proceedings.
The rule says prosecutors ‘will ask the police to give their views about the evidence in the case and how they think the victim might react if they are compelled to attend court'. James Conte, from the campaign group Accused.Me.UK, said: ‘This is not an uncommon story. The police are under so much pressure to investigate these cases that it has been known that women have been threatened with wasting police time or perverting the course of justice.
‘They are in a difficult position, so just go through with it. The way the system works is a gross failure.'
The Mail on Sunday asked Durham Police and CPS North East to clarify whether the woman was pressured into giving evidence. Both declined to answer.
In a prepared statement, a CPS spokesperson said: ‘Taking all the evidence into consideration and in accordance with the Code for Crown Prosecutors, it was decided that there was sufficient evidence for a realistic prospect of conviction and that it was in the public interest to prosecute this case. We respect the decision of the court.'
A Durham Police spokesperson said: ‘Every criminal case of rape or serious sexual assault is considered on its evidential merits.'
How To Make Your Own Motorized Bicycle
“My very own, home built, motorized bike” The thought was so enticing. It's a childhood dream.
At first I thought that I wouldn't be able to build one with my, somewhat, lacking knowledge of the workings of a motor. I was tempted to buy a pre-built one from somewhere, but I wanted the personal experience. After many hours googling and reading through article after article I decided to buy a 2-cycle motor kit. Most of the kits online are the same china made kit (with small variations), so there isn't a lot of deciding.
Once the kit is purchased, you need to choose a bicycle to convert. I used a bike I've had for awhile just because i already had a feel for everything and I didn't want to buy a whole new bike. I made the initial mistake of using a bike that doesn't have large frame space. Whatever you choose just make sure the area in the frame between the tires is bigger than 9 inches, and with a frame tube diameter around one inch.
When you get the kit it probably won't come with instructions, but that isn't a problem.
Benefits of a Motorized Bicycle
You might be wondering why you would want a motorized bicycle and there are a number of reasons both practical and non-practical.
Gas Mileage- You will get between 100 and 150 MPG with a motorized bicycle. These are perfect for those who have short commutes to work, or have to deal with lots of traffic.
Unique- I've met tons of people who've come up to talk to me solely because they've never seen one of these bad boys before and wanted to know what it was.
Cheap- Everything required to make a motorized bicycle can be had for less than 200$. If you live in a city or have to commute to campus you also won't have to pay for a parking pass because you can put it in a bike rack.
Fun- Motorized bicycles are just plain fun to ride
Materials/Supplies
Bike Prep
Take the rear wheel off
Take the rubber hand grips off (dispose of them if you wish)
Take handle bar brakes and gears off
Use the sprocket assembly that comes with the kit and attach the sprocket to the rear wheel (this takes some time to get the sprocket parallel to the wheel on the spokes)
Cut one of the rubber circles so that it can be opened like a “C” and put inside the spokes around the middle
Take the sprocket and the other rubber circle and hold it on the outside of the spokes against the inner rubber piece
The three curved metal pieces go on the back of the rubber piece inside the spokes
Put one of the metal pieces inside in the rubber and slide the bolts in and put a washer and nut loosely on the bolt
Repeat the process until all the holes have bolts
Tighten in a star shape and adjust so the sprocket is parallel to the wheel (don't over tighten)
Place rear wheel back on the bike
Motor Prep (optional but recommended)
Remove the converter case cover (the larger flat piece with the 5 screws on the engine's side)
Take the motor and pour oil into the spark plug hole, into the intake manifold, and the exhaust (the three openings on the engine) until it is full
Use a ratchet to spin the bolt clockwise inside the smaller of the two exposed gears inside the converter
This lubricates the engine for better performance and longer life
After 5-10 rounds of spinning (you may have an oil mess) turn the engine to drain the excess oil, spin the bolt some, drain, repeat until a good amount of the oil inserted drains out
Lay case cover aside
Screw the spark-plug into the engine tight but don't over tighten
Attaching the motor
The motor will have mounting brackets either attached or in the box
Stand the bike so the seat is up and position the motor inside so the two connection points at the bottom of the motor are resting on the inside bottom of the frame
Attach the mounting brackets to the two points and put on the washer, lock washer, and nut
Tighten nuts until the engine doesn't rock back and forth
Carburetor/Accelerator Assembly
Unscrew the part on the carburetor with the exposed threads
Take out the pin, spring, cylinder housing, and washer
There are two cables, the one with the bent metal end, take the cable and place it in the cylinder
Reassemble the carburetor and the cable should be springy when pulled
Attach the other end of the cable to the kill switch (box with the orange button)
The throttle hand grip attaches to the kill switch
Lay the carburetor, kill switch, and handle aside
Attaching the chain
Remove the cover from the driving sprocket on the engine
Remove the master link from the chain so the chain is open
Put a few links on the exposed sprocket, use a ratchet on the other side the rotate the gears clockwise, and get the chain through to the other side
Take the higher part of the chain and run it to the rear wheel sprocket
Pull both ends of the chain together and mark the link on one said that would make the chain tight
Use the chain breaker to shorten the chain to the marked point
Reattach the master link to make the chain continuous again the chain should be snug with about a half in sag on the low section
Idler Pulley/Chain Cover
Unbolt the mounting brackets from the pullet and attach it to the frame in between the chain
Adjust the pulley to add tension to the lower part of the chain so the chain is mostly tight with minimal sag
Bolt the chain cover to the bolt that is sticking out in the middle of the engine area and screw a nut onto it and tighten
For added support take a zip-tie to the other end to the frame through the hole that should be there
Gas Tank/Carburetor Install
Screw the fuel stop onto the gas tank
Use the mounting brackets that came with the kit to attach the tank to the top of the frame close to the handle bars but not touching
Take the carburetor and attach it to the manifold (metallic tube sticking out of the engine block) so that the cable sticks straight up
Tighten the clamp
Fuel Line Setup
Do this Step only if your kit comes with a fuel filter (acorn shaped container made of plastic). Cut the fuel line in half and attach each to both sides of the filter
Take the fuel line and put one side on the fuel stop and the other side on the carburetor (you may half to shorten the line so it doesn't sag and lean against the engine)
Motorized Bicycle Clutch Assembly
The clutch is the part that looks like a hand break
Hold the clutch open and place the clutch cable into the slot and tighten the threaded part
Remove the break handle, if there is one, on the left side
Slide the clutch onto the left part of the handle bar far enough so it doesn't interfere with breaking (if there is no break then position the clutch as though it was a break handle)
Slide the let hand grip on after the clutch
Take the other side of the cable and slide the larger spring onto the cable
Thread that cable through the hollow bolt in the middle area of the engine
Slide the smaller spring onto the cable after the hollow screw
Thread the cable through the little hole on the metal arm (after loosening the screw in the arm)
Pull the end of the cable with a (pliers) until you get the spring as straight as possible
Take a vice-grip and cable next to the arm so it doesn't loosen
Screw the screw in as tight as it will go
(This will loosen over time so repeat the tightening process as needed)
Accelerator Setup
Slide the accelerator hand grip onto the right side of the handle bar (it will be loose)
Screw the kill switch together over the hand grip so the grip doesn't move
Muffler/Mount
There are two bolts protruding from the engine in the front
Make sure the gasket is in place (flimsy material in the shape of the end of the muffler)
Attach the muffler to those two bolt ends
The kit may come with a bracket to hold the muffler in place. When squeezed together it looks like a stick with two circles
Pull the ends of the bracket apart and wrap it around the frame and muffle then bolt the end together
Ignition/Wiring Setup
Bolt the distributor box onto the frame in a location so that the thick cable can reach the spark plug and plug that cable onto the spark plug
On the engine there may be two or three wires coming out near the bottom on the drive chain side a red/blue, a black, and a white (if there are three)
Tuck in the white wire you don't need it for basic setup
Attach the other cables to the two cables coming out of the ignition box
Take the two cables from the kill switch and attach the black to the black and the red to the red/blue wire
There should be two points where three wire points meet
Neaten
Zip tie the cables in the middle area of the frame so that they will not interfere with pedals and so that no cables are touching the muffler or bare engine metal
Gas Prep
For the first tank or two of fuel the ratio of gas to oil should be 16:1
After measuring the fuel ratios fill the tank
Initial Startup
Pull the clutch in and lock it in with the button on it
Open the choke (switch on the carburetor)
Unscrew the little screw on the carburetor until the spring is not compressed a lot
Open the fuel stop and the filter should fill with fuel
Ride the bike to a quick jog pace and then release the clutch
If the back tire stops and the chain locks up and you fly forward something went wrong
The engine should turn over
Continue pedaling
Two things may happen the engine might start after a few bike lengths or the bike will slow, the motor will slow enough and the bike stop quickly
If the bike didn't start move the choke to the other end (it may not be labeled so you'll have to play with it a little) and repeat
If it still doesn't start spray some starter fluid into the carburetor and try starting the bike again try this once with the choke one way and once with the choke the other way
The way that starts the engine will tell you what way to position the choke
If it started with the starter fluid try again without the fluid and it should start if not you aren't getting fuel to the engine
The best you can do is check the connections and bolts and
When it starts up rev the accelerator some to get the fuel flowing and ride your now motorized bicycle to your hearts content
The first start up is always the best
Additional Notes
When riding your motorized bicycle be careful with the accelerator remember the engine is only 3-6 horse power and the bike will gradually accelerate
Be careful when braking
Remember the engine is tied to the rear wheel so the slower the bike is moving the slower the engine is turning and going too slow will shut the engine down so lock down the clutch when slowing to a stop or near stop
That's all I have for now remember anyone can build a motorized bicycle, novice or expert it only takes patience and in the end it really is worth it.
/Here's a link to one of the kits I used
motorized bike kit
They huffed and they puffed, they promised their teahadist base they'd usher in an era of austerity, yet this is the best House Republicans could do:
Politico has the details:
GOP scales back budget cut goals
Updating their budget estimates, House Republicans conceded Thursday that their best hope is to cut current appropriations by $32 billion for the remainder of this fiscal year, once new spending for defense and other security needs are added to the equation.
The impact on domestic spending and foreign aid programs would still be very severe, with the GOP seeking an immediate $58 billion cut from President Barack Obama's once expansive 2011 budget. But with the Congressional Budget Office predicting a nearly $1.5 trillion deficit for the current year, the scaled-back estimates reflect the limits of a budget strategy so focused narrowly on one segment of appropriations.
As outlined by leadership and House Budget Committee staff, the new cap on appropriations will set a 2011 ceiling of $1.055 trillion—$32 billion less than the latest estimate by CBO of the full-year of the stop gap spending bill due to expire Mar. 4.
Did you know that in addition to being Asparagus Month and National BBQ Month, May is also National Masturbation Month? Yes, there is an entire month dedicated to doing the act solo (potentially with BBQ sauce and asparagus spears). National Masturbation Month was started by Good Vibrations (a sex store) in 1995 as a way to protest the firing of U.S. Surgeon General Jocelyn Elders, who had suggested that masturbation be part of sex education.
It's always National Masturbation Month in my world, but to celebrate the actual month, I'm going to go into my room and lock the door , I thought I'd share a few fun facts about spanking the monkey with you.
So let's get down and dirty:
– 89% of women admit to masturbating.
– 4 out of 10 women prefer masturbation over sex.
– Studies suggest masturbation may be good for you.Cervical infections might be reduced with frequent personal stimulation. Also, masturbation has been proven to be a great form of stress relief, a mood booster, a natural sleep sedative, a chronic pain reliever (like those debilitating cramps) and a natural energy booster (take that, Red Bull!).
– Female porcupines have been witnessed using wooden sticks to masturbate.
– 48% of women masturbate once a week and 22% masturbate daily.
– 53% of women and 17% of men use vibrators to masturbate.
– Contrary to popular belief, vibrators do not desensitize you, no matter how often you use them.
– At this very moment, 797,151 Americans are masturbating. That's more people than the entire population of Alaska
– Who holds the World Record for masturbating the longest? Masanobu Sato who lasted 9 hours and 58 minutes in San Francisco's 2009 Maturbate-a-thon. (Yes, that's a real thing and yes, that's totally absurd.)
Even in 2011, masturbation is still one those dirty little secrets most people tuck away into their closets (behind that ugly cat sweater their grandmother bought them for Christmas) but it shouldn't be! Now, I'm not telling you to go all Eve Ensler and proclaim how much you love your woman self all day, but I am saying that you shouldn't be embarrassed of having a little solo fun. Or a lot of solo fun.
Especially for such an important national holiday.
Al-Qaida's Syrian affiliate, now known as Hay'at Tahrir al-Sham (HTS), is no longer on the terrorist list of Canada or the U.S., CBC News reports.
By operating under a new alias and essentially being cleared as a vital national security threat, Canadians can now travel to fight with the group, donate money to its coffers and disseminate the group's propaganda — all without being accused of or charged with aiding and abetting terrorists, according to CBC.
HTS has been able to emerge with a new identity just as it is accreting other Islamic extremist groups and recruiting new blood into its network.
It's not a new strategy for the jihadists, CBC notes, who have successfully morphed from one organization to another over the years, with the result being that many Syrians aren't even certain what the group has been trying to achieve and with whom it is aligned. The latest transformation seems to have convinced many people that the group is no longer a prodigy of al-Qaida.
HTS, or the Organization for Conquest in the Levant, was originally an al-Qaida foreign legion dubbed Jabha al-Nusra (the Support Front) that was sent to foment Islamic terror in Syria from its home base of Iraq in 2011. Those orders came from Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, then the commander of Iraq's al-Qaida and now the the caliph of ISIS itself.
Both the U.S. and Canada placed Jabha al-Nusra on their terrorist lists in 2012 but the U.S-led coalition against ISIS has often left the Syrian offspring untouched as it has continued to expand and conducted the typical operations of Islamic terrorism: killing “infidels,” enslaving women, stoning moderate Muslims and obliterating the structures and icons of other religions.
Yet when al-Nusra became HTS it was removed from the terror list, and the U.S. State Department has even told CBC News that HTS members are no longer consider terrorists.
When asked by CBC News how the omission to list HTS as a terrorst group might affect future prosecutions of HST supporters in Canada, the Public Prosecution Service of Public Safety Canada responded: “The PPSC cannot respond to hypothetical questions or questions asking how the laws relating to terrorism offences would apply in hypothetical cases.”
The mystery of why HTS has alluded the terrorist list may lie in the fact that one of its affiliates is the Zenaida Brigade, a jihadi group from Aleppo that soaked up a lot of U.S. aid and military assistance during the Obama administration's flirtation with the Syrian Free Army, a ragtag assortment of soldiers and mercenaries with mixted motives and varying ideological persuasions.
The former administration only stopped sending the Zenki Brigade money when Amnesty International indicted the thugs for the murder of Orthodox Christian priests. They even video-taped themselves beheading a boy.
Follow David on Twitter
When Royal Caribbean's newest cruise ship, the Ovation of the Seas, launches later this year, it will offer 4,000 passengers the option to ride bumper cars, try out simulated skydiving, and take in views from a boom that extends 300 feet above the ocean. But don't expect to board this goliath in Miami or New York. The ship will spend the summer sailing in Europe before permanently joining Royal Caribbean's fleet in east Asia, serving China and Hong Kong.
While the US cruise business is growing at a rate in the low single digits, demand in China has risen by double digits since 2013, making it the cruise industry's fastest-growing market. China accounted for 1 million cruise passengers last year, up from about 700,000 in 2014. The Chinese Ministry of Tourism forecasts 4.5 million passengers by 2020.
The growth partly reflects the overall increase in the number of Chinese traveling outside the country.
But it also reflects a growing taste for higher-end options for leisure and entertainment, which the industry is eager to satisfy with vessels featuring rides, elaborate theatrical productions, and, on Ovation, 18 restaurants.
While Chinese passengers once might have settled for run-of-the-mill ships, they will no longer, says Adam Goldstein, Royal Caribbean's president.
“Within China, there really is an expectation to have the best of everything,” they tell Quartz. “They feel they've waited long enough.”
China is already the largest market for luxury cars and smart phones, and will soon be No. 1 in beer. The power of its consumers is only expected to grow. One estimate shows Chinese consumers spending $6.4 trillion by 2025, a 70% increase over the next decade. Royal Caribbean's efforts to tap into this growth is yet another example of the tastes and preferences of Chinese consumers shaping how goods are made and sold.
Chinese passengers tend to be younger than those in the US—40% are under 40—and they frequently travel with both their parents and children.
In China, cruise customers tend to view the excursions as opportunities to shop, Goldstein says, in part because, unlike airlines, there's no fee for bringing back extra baggage.
But Chinese travelers also tend to prefer five- and six-night cruises, compared with Americans, who book for a week. Given the region's geography, destinations on the shorter voyages are limited to Japan and Korea, Goldstein says. That lack of variety means there's less reason to book a second or third trip. So Royal Caribbean is eager to tempt Chinese passengers away from malls and onto the cruise line's cultural outings, to help convince them to take additional cruises to more far-flung destinations.
A cruise experience with all the latest bells and whistles is a big part of the sell. In the '90s, Goldstein says, American cruise lines could send worn-out ships to Europe, because “Europeans didn't know there was anything nicer.” But “one of the characteristics of marketing today is that everyone knows what is the greatest ships. It takes five minutes of research online.”
Because cruise ships are difficult and enormously expensive to build—Ovation of the Seas cost $1 billion—there are only a few shipyards in the world that can build them, and they're fully committed until 2020. That means trading off older markets to meet the demand from China, or splitting ships between markets.
Royal Caribbean will have five ships serving China this year, and its larger rival, Carnival, will have six. Both companies are also forming joint ventures with Chinese companies to create new cruise lines.
Ultimately, as with many other industries, the Chinese government wants the country to be a producer as well as a consumer. To that end, CSSC, the state shipbuilding company, already has struck a deal with Carnival, and Fincantieri, an Italian ship builder, to help build what Carnival says will be “the first-ever, world-class cruise ship built in China.”
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
On Wednesday, a federal judge temporarily blocked most of a controversial Texas law banning sanctuary cities. The law, Senate Bill 4, was set to go into effect on Friday, but key provisions will now be put on hold pending a final decision.
SB 4, which was signed by Texas Gov. Greg Abbott in May, effectively prohibits the existence of sanctuary cities by forcing local police to cooperate with federal immigration officials. SB 4 would also allow local officials to be fined up to $25,500 per day and face jail time if they refused to enforce the law.
Orlando Garcia, a federal judge in the Western District of Texas, ruled that Texas cannot stop local officials and college campuses from adopting or endorsing policies that limit enforcement of immigration laws. They also ruled that the state cannot require local jails to comply with US Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) requests to detain people past their release date.
A section of the law that gives police the authority to ask people about their immigration status will still be allowed to go into effect, according to the ruling. Civil liberties groups have warned that the provision, which has been compared to the Arizona's severe “show me your papers” law, will cause undocumented immigrants to be detained as part of routine interactions like traffic stops. Unlike the largely abandoned Arizona law, SB 4 does not require police officers to investigate people's immigration status if there is a “reasonable suspicion” that they are in the country illegally.
Garcia wrote in their decision that there “is overwhelming evidence by local officials, including local law enforcement, that SB 4 will erode public trust and make many communities and neighborhoods less safe. There is also ample evidence that localities will suffer adverse economic consequences which, in turn, harm the State of Texas.”
They also wrote that while the state legislature can ignore the “knowledge and experience” of local officials, it cannot “exercise its authority in a manner that violates the United States Constitution.”
Immigrant advocates celebrated the decision as a major victory. “The court was right to strike down virtually all of this patently unconstitutional law,” Lee Gelernt, the ACLU lawyer who argued the case against SB 4, said in a statement. “Senate Bill 4 would have led to rampant discrimination and made communities less safe.”
But advocates warn that the fight isn't over yet. Abbott said on Wednesday night that the state will appeal the decision immediately.
