ASAP Rocky has become a force to be reckoned with, not only in the world of rap but within the fashion industry too, another avenue they hold close to their heart. Rocky has always been outspoken about their clothing choices on wax, in interviews, and beyond, and the fashion tastemakers are obviously taking notice.
Dior Homme has tapped the pretty motherfucker for their new Fall campaign, for which several images were unveiled today. WDD spoke with Rocky about their new affiliation with Dior, and Rocky had this to say about it: "I mean, it's dope when you can mix it. It's all about taking two worlds like streetwear and high-end and kind of mashing them together. But when it comes to Dior, it's just prestige and elegance in my opinion. It's almost like Coco Chanel was for the lady."
Dior Homme's creative director, Kris Van Assche, spoke on the decision to include Rocky in their campaign as well, saying,"I really like their personal style and taste. He's a real fashion lover. They feel like fashion really influences their own work, and they have strong opinions on that."
Take a look at some photos from the new Dior Homme campaign in the gallery above.
INNISFAIL, Australia – A terrifying top-strength cyclone slammed into Australia's populous northeast coast Thursday, with officials warning it could be one of the most lethal storms in the nation's history.
Howling winds whipped up by Severe Tropical Cyclone Yasi with speeds of up to 290 kilometres (181 miles) per hour ripped off roofs, felled trees and cut power supplies as the storm crossed the Queensland coast.
Yasi, the worst storm to hit the area in a century, made landfall around midnight (1400 GMT), the Bureau of Meteorology said, after the cyclone was upgraded early in the day to a category five storm from category four.
“The large destructive core of Cyclone Yasi is starting to cross the coast between Innisfail and Cardwell, with a dangerous storm tide and battering waves to the south of the cyclone centre,” the bureau said in a statement.
The storm made landfall near Mission Beach, which lies in the heart of a tourism and agriculture-rich area 180 kilometers south of Cairns, gateway to the Great Barrier Reef.
It was expected to rage at full force for up to four hours.
The stricken area's million residents were warned of an “extremely dangerous sea level rise” and “very destructive” winds accompanying Yasi's arrival, posing a severe threat to life.
State disaster coordinator Ian Stewart said deaths in Yasi's terrible path were “very likely”.
“Unfortunately we are going to see significant destruction of buildings … and it is very likely that we will see deaths occur. We have not hidden from that fact,” they told Sky News.
Forecasters had earlier said that Yasi, the first category five storm to hit the area since 1918, was likely to be “more life-threatening than any (storm) experienced during recent generations.”
State Premier Anna Bligh echoed the grim note of caution, urging residents to steel themselves for what dawn and the passing of the storm might reveal.
“Without doubt we are set to encounter scenes of devastation and heartbreak on an unprecedented scale,” they said.
“It will take all of us and all of our strength to overcome this. The next 24 hours I think are going to be very, very tough ones for everybody.”
More than 10,000 seaside residents and tourists were sheltering in 20 evacuation centres across the region — some so packed that people were turned away — while tens of thousands more were staying with family and friends.
Locals further from the water were told to batten down and prepare a “safe room” like a bathroom or a basement, with mattresses, pillows, a radio, food and water supplies to wait out the cyclone.
Some 4,000 soldiers were on standby to help residents when the storm passed, but until then, locals were on their own as it was too dangerous to deploy emergency personnel, officials said.
Yasi was shaping up as the worst cyclone in Australian history, Prime Minister Julia Gillard said, adding the nation was with Queenslanders as they faced “many, many dreadful, frightening hours” of destruction.
“This is probably the worst cyclone that our nation has ever seen,” Gillard said.
Yasi was set to generate up to 700 millimetres (27.5 inches) of rain and huge and treacherous storm surges of between 2.3 and seven metres (eight to 23 feet) that are threatening to flood towns and tourist resorts.
The storm is so enormous that it would almost cover the United States or large parts of Europe, models published by News Ltd newspapers showed.
Usually bustling with holidaymakers and diving enthusiasts, the streets of tourist hub Cairns were eerily deserted as the wind uprooted trees and blew palm trees flat.
Bligh said grave fears were held for major power transmission lines in the region, never before tested at category five winds, warning that their failure would be a “catastrophic” issue for the entire state.
“We are planning for an aftermath that may see a catastrophic failure of essential services,” they said.
The storm's size and power dwarfs Cyclone Tracy, which hit the northern Australian city of Darwin in 1974, killing 71 people and flattening more than 90 percent of its houses.
It is also twice the size and far stronger than the category four Cyclone Larry that caused Aus$1.5 billion ($1.5 billion) of damage after hitting agricultural areas around Innisfail, just south of Cairns, in 2006.
Manuscript in Etruscan language
The Liber Linteus Zagrabiensis (Latin for "Linen Book of Zagreb", also rarely known as Liber Agramensis, "Book of Agram") is the longest Etruscan text and the only extant linen book, dated to the 3rd century BCE. It remains mostly untranslated because of the lack of knowledge about the Etruscan language, though the few words which can be understood indicate that the text is most likely a ritual calendar.
The fabric of the book was preserved when it was used for mummy wrappings in Ptolemaic Egypt. The mummy was bought in Alexandria in 1848 and since 1867 both the mummy and the manuscript have been kept in Zagreb, Croatia, now in a refrigerated room at the Archaeological Museum.
History of discovery [ edit ]
Mummy at the Archaeological Museum in Zagreb
In 1848, Mihajlo Barić (1791–1859), a low ranking Croatian official in the Hungarian Royal Chancellery, resigned their post and embarked upon a tour of several countries, including Egypt. While in Alexandria, they purchased a sarcophagus containing a female mummy, as a souvenir of their travels. Barić displayed the mummy at their home in Vienna, standing it upright in the corner of their sitting room. At some point they removed the linen wrappings and put them on display in a separate glass case, though it seems they had never noticed the inscriptions or their importance.
The mummy remained on display at their home until their death in 1859, when it passed into possession of their brother Ilija, a priest in Slavonia. As they took no interest in the mummy, they donated it in 1867 to the State Institute of Croatia, Slavonia, and Dalmatia in Zagreb (the present-day Archaeological Museum in Zagreb). Their catalogue described it as follows:
Mummy of a young woman (with wrappings removed) standing in a glass case and held upright by an iron rod. Another glass case contains the mummy's bandages which are completely covered with writing in an unknown and hitherto undeciphered language, representing an outstanding treasure of the National Museum.
The mummy and its wrappings were examined the same year by the German Egyptologist Heinrich Brugsch, who noticed the text, but believed them to be Egyptian hieroglyphs. They did not undertake any further research on the text, until 1877, when a chance conversation with Richard Burton about runes made them realise that the writing was not Egyptian. They realised the text was potentially important, but wrongly concluded that it was a transliteration of the Egyptian Book of the Dead in the Arabic script.
In 1891, the wrappings were transported to Vienna, where they were thoroughly examined by Jacob Krall, an expert on the Coptic language, who expected the writing to be either Coptic, Libyan or Carian. Krall was the first to identify the language as Etruscan and reassemble the strips. It was their work that established that the linen wrappings constituted a manuscript written in Etruscan.
At first, the provenance and identity of the mummy were unknown, due to the irregular nature of its excavation and sale. This led to speculation that the mummy may have had some connection to either the Liber Linteus or the Etruscans. But a papyrus buried with them proves that they were Egyptian and gives their identity as Nesi-hensu, the wife of Paher-hensu, a tailor from Thebes.[1]
Text [ edit ]
Liber Linteus Zagrebiensis
On paleographic grounds, the manuscript is dated to approximately 250 BC. Certain local gods mentioned within the text allow the Liber Linteus's place of production to be narrowed to a small area in the southeast of Tuscany near Lake Trasimeno, where four major Etruscan cities were located: modern day Arezzo, Perugia, Chiusi and Cortona.
Structure [ edit ]
The book is laid out in twelve columns from right to left, each one representing a "page". Much of the first three columns are missing, and it is not known where the book begins. Closer to the end of the book the text is almost complete (there is a strip missing that runs the entire length of the book). By the end of the last page the cloth is blank and the selvage is intact, showing the definite end of the book.
There are 230 lines of text, with 1200 legible words. Black ink has been used for the main text, and red ink for lines and diacritics.
In use it would have been folded so that one page sat atop another like a codex, rather than being wound along like a scroll. Julius Caesar is said to have folded scrolls in similar accordion fashion while on campaigns.
Content [ edit ]
Though the Etruscan language is not fully understood, certain words can be picked out of the text to give us an indication of the subject matter. Both dates and the names of gods are found throughout the text, giving the impression that the book is a religious calendar. Such calendars are known from the Roman world, giving not only the dates of ceremonies and processions, but also the rituals and liturgies involved, the lost Etrusca disciplina referred to by several Roman antiquarians.
The theory that this is a religious text is strengthened by recurring words and phrases that are surmised to have liturgical or dedicatory meanings. Some notable formulae on the Liber Linteus include a hymn-like repetition of ceia hia in column 7, and variations on the phrase śacnicstreś cilθś śpureśtreśc enaś , which is translated by van der Meer as "by the sacred fraternity/priesthood of cilθ, and by the civitas of enaś".[2]
Notes [ edit ]
^ "The Egyptian Collection: The Zagreb Mummy". Archaeological Museum in Zagreb . ^ Rasenna: Journal of the Center for Etruscan Studies, Vol. 1, Issue 1, Article 4. The phrase is restored at line 2.1‑2 and repeated at 2.3‑4+. Van der Meer's translation is " not significantly different from what can be found in other handbooks." See Beckwith, Miles (2008) "Review of L.B. van der Meer, "Liber Linteus Zagrabiensis",, Vol. 1, Issue 1, Article 4. [1]
Bibliography [ edit ]
Jakob Krall: Die etruskischen Mumienbinden des Agramer National-museums. F. Tempsky, Vienna 1892.
F. Tempsky, Vienna 1892. K. Olzscha "Aufbau und Gliederung in den Parallelstellen der Agramer Mumienbinden" I and II in Studi Etruschi VIII 1934 pp. 247 ff. and IX 1935 pp. 191 ff.
1934 pp. 247 ff. and 1935 pp. 191 ff. K. Olzscha "Interpretation der Agramer Mumienbinden" in Klio Beiheft 40 Leipzig 1939.
Beiheft Leipzig 1939. K. Olzscha "Die Kalendardaten der Agramer Mumienbinden" in Aegyptus 39 1959 pp. 340 ff.
1959 pp. 340 ff. A. J. Pfiffig "Studien zu den Agramer Mumienbinden" in Denkschriften der Österreiches Akademie der Wissenshaften, philosophische-historische Klasse Bd. 81 Österreichische Akademie der Wissenschaften, Vienna 1963.
Bd. Österreichische Akademie der Wissenschaften, Vienna 1963. K. Wylin Il verbo etruso: ricerca morfosintattica delle forme usate in funzione verbale L' Erma di Bretschneider. Roma 2000.
L' Erma di Bretschneider. Roma 2000. L. B. van der Meer Liber linteus zagrabiensis. The Linen Book of Zagreb. A Comment on the Longest Etruscan Text . Louvain/Dudley, MA 2007 ISBN 978-90-429-2024-8.
. Louvain/Dudley, MA 2007 ISBN 978-90-429-2024-8. F. C. Woudhuizen, "Ritual prescriptions in the Etruscan Liber linteus" Res Antiquae 5 Bruxelles 2008 p. 281-296. Ed. Safran.
Bruxelles 2008 p. 281-296. Ed. Safran. V. Belfiore Il liber linteus di Zagabria: testualità e contenuto. Biblioteca di Studi Etruschi 50 Pisa-Roma 2010. ISBN 978-88-6227-194-3.
UBC's computer science department and its students are caught in the middle of a classic supply and demand problem.
Since 2010, the total undergraduate enrollment in the department has more than doubled. This demand is further heightened by the fact that some majors — such as mathematics — also require computer science (CPSC) courses. Due to this high demand, CPSC courses are oversubscribed and many students accept long waitlists as just part of the department.
The worst course is reportedly CPSC 310, which has a combined 250 students in its two waitlists for the winter 2017 semester.
Students seem generally unimpressed.
“There are a lot of us who have delayed graduation due to CPSC not knowing how to schedule. We miss a year of professional development [and] the costs are in the thousands, especially for those of us not from Vancouver,” said Reddit user “PiperPrettyKitty” in a r/UBC subthread called the “State of CPSC Waitlists.”
“If they had told me [that] the department was full, I would have just majored in something else. Yet here I am unable to graduate, but too late to switch.”
Similar feelings of anxiety and frustration can be found across this r/UBC subthread and others, with numerous threads asking about the probability of getting into courses and ranting about the lack of action from the administration.
So what are the exact problems and what is being done by the computer science department to fix them?
Shortage of professors
The shortage of professors is visible. Some courses such as CPSC 410 are not available despite their popularity, due to trouble finding instructors. One particular course called CPSC 426 was reported to “have not been offered for five consecutive winter terms,” according to UBC alumnus James Deng.
The high demand for computer science and a booming tech industry are at the heart of the problem. According to Chen Greif, the head of the computer science department, the department is “hiring aggressively” to keep up with the large influx of students, but UBC is “competing with a lot of other [institutions] because computer science is hot right now.”
The department has developed an interim and a long-term recruiting approach based on the difference between sessionals, lecturers and tenure-track professors.
Tenure-track professors are hired for a long-term stay, thus requiring them to undergo a rigorous interview process. The success and length of this hiring process are also affected by the current competition to attract professors.
“It is out of our control whether someone would respond to our ads,” said Greif. “We need to hire excellent people and those excellent people have other options too.”
The current effort is to hire more sessionals and lecturers, whose stays tend to range from one semester to one year. Because of the short term commitment and “aggressive hiring effort,” the process usually takes a few weeks, according to Greif, which is “quite short given the fact that it is multi-stage.” At the Waitlist Open Forum, a feedback session directed at computer science students, the department announced that it has hired four sessionals for the summer and four for the fall. It has also hired three lecturers, but lost two.
Shortage of TAs
Another large constraint on the computer science department is the shortage of TAs. Aside from the skewed ratio due to the influx of students, the problem could mostly be attributed to the pay, which is currently $14.90 an hour for undergraduate TAs.
“I know someone who is a TA [and] says that ‘If I was not broke right now, I would not be a TA,'” said Henry Chee, a sixth-year student and current TA. “Pay comes up really often. People do it purely for the pay. It is not a bad thing — it is just the way it is.”
Chee also noted that from their viewpoint, there tends to be more problems finding TAs for upper-level courses than lower-level courses. They attribute this to the fact that the complexity of the course materials means that not everyone can qualify to be a TA and that even for those who do qualify, there are more lucrative work opportunities for them in the booming tech industry.
Better opportunities financially aren't just found in the computer sciences field, either. According to Reed Mullanix, a fourth-year student, they made “more money working as a barista in fewer hours last year” than they would have as a TA.
“I was also a tutor for computer science and math courses,” said Mullanix. “[I tutored instead of TA'd] because I can set my own availability, I can find my own client, I can set my own price. When you are tutoring, you easily make five to ten dollars an hour more than what you would make as a TA.”
Noted Greif in response, “[the pay rate] is not in the [department's] control.”
This has been confirmed by Peter Lane of CUPE 2278, the union that represents UBC TAs, in an emailed statement to The Ubyssey. “Of equal importance, wage increases are currently mandated by the provincial government, so even UBC could not agree to increase wages outside that mandate.”
Aware of the standardized pay rate, some students have also suggested different forms of benefits that are not part of the Collective Agreement. Chee mentioned desiring “tuition credit alongside with the pay.” Jerome Rasky, a third-year student and current TA, talked about “academic credit … which could be equivalent to being in a co-op.”
“I also do not have the authority to determine things of this sort,” said Greif when asked about these suggestions. “I can definitely talk to some people … I feel that the issue of pay is a very complex issue that involves a lot of entities of the university.”
The department's current strategy is to continue requesting students to become TA's.
Limited capacity
Capacity is also a factor. The most immediate solution is to move classes in high demand to larger lecture halls, which has already been done for CPSC 221, 213, 320 and 340. The department is also increasing the number and size of sections, but this method is constrained by the number of available instructors and TAs.
While there is still much to be done to fix the issue, the overall increase in the number of seats has overtaken the increase in the number of students by three per cent in the last two years.
A more long-term approach could be to innovate the teaching method. At the Waitlist Open Forum, students have responded positively toward the idea of expanding online content. Recorded live streaming could also be used to resolve the capacity issue because lectures could then be accessible everywhere.
Solutions could potentially extend beyond online learning. “There's a lot of redundancy in third and fourth-year courses. Some courses are just a rehash of second and third-year courses,” said Deng. They believe that consolidating them would alleviate the instructor and capacity limitation problem because the instructor of the upper-level course could just teach a section of the lower-level course.
To these suggestions, Greif said that the department “takes huge pride in innovative teaching methods” and is “actively thinking about them.” However, at the moment, there is no concrete decision or implementation plan.
Lack of transparency
While the lack of transparency and communication problem are not root causes, they have become a major issue for students.
“I think this is where the conversation shifts from ‘it takes a long time to hire profs' or ‘the department needs more time to adapt to a large influx of students taking CPSC courses' to ‘we need to demand transparency in this process,'” wrote Reddit user palisadeviews604, creator of the “State of CPSC Waitlists” in the description of the thread.
Others students also stressed the importance of transparency to them, especially regarding waitlist situations for each course, so that they would be kept in the loop and make different decisions if necessary.
In response to complaints about delayed responses to emails to the department, Greif suggested that students should “first visit the department's very detailed website because it says exactly how we operate when it comes to managing waitlists.”
“The mechanism for [monitoring waitlists] itself is very complex,” they said. “What we are doing much more than before is that we have software script [monitoring] how the waitlists look everyday. We are also actively refining and fine-combing them to understand what exactly are the sources of pressure.”
Aside from the technological aspect, they also believe that the Waitlist Open Forum, “a first of its kind,” was also successful at making the process more transparent. In particular, the priority system was clarified.
As classified by this priority system, computer science majors are given first priority, students with majors that require computer science courses and exchange students are second, and all other students are last.
The department is putting more manpower into resolving communication problems, as outlined in an emailed statement.
There is currently one course coordinator for the department who helps with the logistics of courses and assignments and schedules TA meetings. The department is “in the process of looking and hiring for another one, so there will be two coordinators in total,” according to Greif.
Five faculty members serve as undergraduate advisors.
There are three administrative staff who “deal directly with the program and answer students' questions. One of them also helps with advising.”
What happens now?
The department is determined not to “close gates” on students who want to study computer science regardless of the current demand. This means that the department is now working towards closing the supply gap of instructors and supporting infrastructure. The timeline for this, however, is currently unknown.
President Trump's Advisory Commission on Election Integrity (Screenshot)
Amazing, but true. The NAACP is concerned about vote fraud. As a result, the venerable civil rights organization is demanding an election investigation. Voting rolls need to be purged. Really.
This could become the start of a bipartisan crusade. The NAACP and conservative groups, such as the American Civil Rights Union, could together insist that only citizens, currently alive and residing in their claimed jurisdiction, are entitled to vote. Left and right could unite behind the principle that voting is a basic right that must be protected, both from those who would prevent properly registered Americans from participating and those who would dilute Americans' votes by allowing those not eligible to cast ballots.
Alas, the NAACP appears to be concerned about election fraud only in the town of Phenix, Alabama. So far the group has said nothing about Democratic political activists apparently promoting election fraud across the entire state in the upcoming Senate election.
Battles for local office can be intense. Everyone knows everyone. Election antagonists may have battled each other for years, sometimes decades. Results often are very close.
So it was in Phenix in November. In a special election for city council, three candidates vied for the seat of a councilman who had died. Vickey Carter Johnson fell just short of a majority, so a run-off will be held.
After the vote, it was revealed that 82 of those registered lived outside the district. Contrary to state law, they used business addresses to register. City officials said they were “disturbed” at the result. As well they should be. Johnson, who came so close to victory, complained that “it would have made a huge difference.” The city manager believed the high number of improper votes suggested a conscious plan.
Of course, there's no way to fix the result, since it is impossible to tell how anyone voted. All the city can do is drop those who are improperly registered before the run-off. At least only legal voters will be able to participate in the next round.
But in most American elections there is no second vote. People usually cast one ballot in one election, and that's it. There's only one chance to get the vote right. Which is why it is essential to make sure the registration list is correct before people go to the polls.
Yet the ACRU found numerous jurisdictions with more people registered than residents, with large numbers of registrants 100 and even 200 years old, and non-citizens on the rolls.
In most cases, local officials did not engage in fraud. They simply didn't put in the effort necessary to keep the rolls up-to-date.
But that's no excuse. The integrity of America's democracy is a vital interest for all of us. Inaccurate lists are an invitation to fraud.
Indeed, the Alabama Senate run-off has turned into a controversial, high-profile race. But it shouldn't matter what most of us think. The citizens of Alabama are entrusted with choosing their next Senator.
However, some liberals on the social media site Reddit.com urged blatant election fraud, noting that “The Democratic Party needs” residents of Georgia, Mississippi, and Tennessee “to make a short trip to Alabama on December 12 and vote against the right-wing Republican Senate candidate.” The post helpfully noted that buses were “available.” Not coincidentally, the Reddit participant had a Twitter account “Ready for Warren.”
While public exposure of an attempt at election fraud is the best way to defeat it, a more sophisticated plan for illegal voting could succeed. Especially in a close race, illegal votes could make the difference, as the residents of Phenix, Alabama found out.
This is why President Donald Trump created a commission to promote election integrity. And why the ACRU has been filing lawsuits to force counties to clean up their rolls. Unfortunately, however, so far the NAACP and other liberal groups have consistently opposed efforts to ensure accurate voting lists and legal elections. Frankly, it looks like the left wants to make voter fraud easier.
Elections matter. We should make sure that everyone eligible is able to vote, but only those who are eligible are able to vote. That requires making sure election rolls are accurate and asking voters to prove their identity. There's nothing radical about doing so. Why shouldn't the government safeguard the process through which voters choose those who will make our laws, take us into war, and determine our futures? As the NAACP seems to have finally recognized in one town, at least, election integrity matters for all of us.
Ken Blackwell is a member of the Policy Board of The American Civil Rights Union.
DONATE
PETER Capaldi was "really sad" to say goodbye to their Doctor Who co-star Jenna Coleman - and they do not want their replacement to be a man.
Coleman has left the BBC series after playing the Doctor's companion, Clara Oswald, for three years.
And while fans mourn their loss, it seems Capaldi was not too happy about their departure either.
They told the Radio Times Christmas issue: "She's gone. She's history."
The star added: "I found it really sad, because Jen's a great girl and a great actor. I used to love being in the Tardis with her, we'd just have a laugh, you know?
"And that's all I want out of work, I'm afraid, to go along and have a nice time. While playing the most iconic character in the history of British television."
Asked if it is time for a male companion, they told the magazine: "With the best will in the world, I don't want a bloke, because I'm frightened that they'll give them all the action and I'll be standing around spouting scientific gobbledygook... 'Oh, Peter's not up to chasing those Zygons down the corridor, let the chap do it.'
"And that would be awful. I want to chase the Zygons."
Doctor Who is a showrunner Steven Moffat has previously said the women in the show are not like "Bond girls".
They told the Radio Times last month: "We have an emotionally engaged hero and those women they know are not like James Bond girls. They don't just disappear between movies. When the Doctor ends a friendship, it tears them apart."
On a successor for Clara, they teased that they have ideas in the works - but does not yet have a specific actor in mind.
They said: "A new companion gives us the chance to relaunch the show. And we've got a really cool new idea about how to do that."
Senator Al Franken (D-MN.) announced Thursday that they would be retiring from the United States Senate “in the coming weeks.” During a short speech on the Senate floor, Franken admitted no guilt and appeared to imply that an ethics investigation would have exonerated him. Their announcement came after several senior Democratic Party figures called for their resignation. The fact that Franken has chosen not to resign immediately, however, indicates that congressional Democrats have placed political strategy above any concerns about sexual harassment. Additionally, Franken has unwittingly provided cover for aspiring Senator Roy Moore.
“Some of the allegations against me are simply not true,” The Senator stated, “Others I remember very differently. I know in my heart, nothing that I have done as a Senator, nothing, has brought dishonor on this institution…” Doubling down on their refusal to accept any responsibility, Franken insisted that some of their past reactions to the multiple allegations against them had created a “false impression” that they were admitting any wrongdoing.
Timing of Franken's Resignation a Sly Move
In the absence of proof or credible corroborating evidence, of course, any person accused of any criminal or other transgression has the right to deny those accusations. Despite the existence of several photographs showing the Senator putting their hands where they shouldn't, they continue to believe they have that right of denial.
Their insistence that they have done nothing wrong mirrors the Alabama Republican Senatorial candidate's own defiance. Moreover, Franken's decision to remain in Congress, for now, makes a mockery of any attempts by their party to suggest that Moore does not belong in the Senate.
The timing of the Senator's resignation has, no doubt, been approved by Democratic leaders to enable Franken to remain in Congress long enough to cast votes on key issues; in particular, tax reform. If the motivation behind Democrats' calls for the Minnesota Senator to resign was a chance to shift the focus to Roy Moore, it has failed.
The special election to fill Attorney General Jeff Sessions' Senate seat is just five days away. If Democrats wanted to impact this election, they would have persuaded Franken to resign immediately. Instead, the message they have sent is that, despite the allegations against Franken, they want them to remain in the Senate, for now, because they will be useful.
Even though Minnesota's Democratic Governor will appoint a Democrat to replace Franken until the end of their current term in 2020, Franken's continued service, albeit temporary, is vital to the consistency of their party's congressional agenda, for now. Franken is a known quantity; a reliable team player whose replacement has been deliberately postponed for political reasons.
Accusations by Democrats that the Republican Party is putting politics over ethics and morality by backing Moore's election campaign will now ring hollow. Just as Franken himself, in their remarks on the Senate floor, attempted to shift focus to Moore and to President Trump himself, so Moore will now be able to use Franken's continued presence in the Senate to point out Democrats' double standard.
In reality, Franken did not resign but merely announced their intention to do so at some unspecified future time. Their remarks Thursday were practically meaningless and until they actually leaf the Senate, were little more than a publicity stunt. There is no denying that the Republican Party has a Roy Moore problem. For the time being, however, the Democratic Party still has an Al Franken problem.
Share this...
email Linkedin Print
We value your comments! Please weigh in on our comment section below.
Sure, if these blurbs serve a function, it's doing the prep work before you hit play. But, if you've read this far and Virus is an unfamiliar name, maybe it's worth diving into “Steamer” sans info. It's just rare to feel the spark of something new without being forcibly preconditioned by expectations and magnetized-for-clicks hyperbole. Plus, if there's a style that functions better when a listener is forced to parachute into unmapped terrain, it's rock and metal's avant-garde side. So, uh, do that. Then read on.
OK, now let's fill in the gaps. “Steamer” sits in the middle of Memento Collider, Virus' fourth album. Singer/guitarist Czral has a god-mode C.V., first surfacing as drummer on demos for Norwegian legends Satyricon and Ulver before hitting their multi-instrumentalist stride in Ved Buens Ende. The latter's 1995 full-length, Written In Waters, is like a secret handshake for metal weirdos. Not that Carheart, Virus' 2003 debut about cars and dogs, was any less out-there. And, when Decibel asked Czral for a comment on their newest work, they called it, “a tribute to extinct instincts and Chernobyl Wildlife.” Noted.
However, it's not like Czral is beholden to only the bleak and bizarre. Under the name “Aggressor,” they have been leading blackened thrashers Aura Noir since 1993. He's also the guitarist for Inferno. That duality makes Czral interesting. He, much like any real person, allows themselves to be eclectic. They ably bounce between classic redlined aggression and the vertigo-tinged thrill of experimentation. The thing is, neither side dominates. It's not really a matter of compartmentalization — each interest has a way of informing the other — but it's definitely a display of ambidexterity.
Not that that was the reason to go into this blind. But, when playing armchair musicologist and thinking about how Czral's humanity factors into the way they disperse their prodigious talent, it's easy to overlook “Steamer”‘s standalone pleasures. There's Czral's cool, controlled vocal, sometimes backed by a wistful maybe-theremin. There's the clean-ish guitar that's fringed with the fry of radiation. There's the equal hooky and knotty basswork provided by Plenum, a returning member whose other gig, Manimalism, is one of the more interesting projects to surface lately. There's Einar Sjursø's subtly massive drumming, perfectly providing the right snap to every rise and fall. There are nearly eight minutes of grooves patiently fighting over the title of “that groove.” There is and there are and there is and there are. Really, “Steamer” just is a lot of things. So many, it's hard to focus on the important stuff unless you heard that stuff first.
Memento Collider is out 6/3 on Karisma Records.
Per Ken Rosenthal, the Texas Rangers have reportedly put Scott Feldman on waivers for the purpose of outrighting them to AAA.
This is a procedural move, one that will likely result in Feldman staying in the organization, and not terribly surprising.
Feldman is out of options,* which means they have to clear waivers to be sent to the minors. With their 30 day rehab stint expiring, the Rangers either had to leave them on the disabled list, activated them and put them on the 25-man roster, or activate them and put them on waivers to send them to the minors.
* I thought earlier that Feldman didn't use their third option, but I was wrong.
Given their contract -- $4.4 million this year and $6.5 million in 2012, with a 2013 option -- and Feldman's struggles last year, it is unlikely that any team will claim him. If they go unclaimed, they will be outrighted to AAA, will not be on the 40-man roster, and will toil at Round Rock until the Rangers decide to bring them back to the majors. If they do get claimed, I think the Rangers would privately breathe a sigh of relief that their contract is on the books, while publicly express their regret that Feldman is no longer here.
While there was talk that Feldman could replace Derek Holland or Alexi Ogando in the rotation, or move into the bullpen as a long man, the Rangers have apparently decided to go ahead and keep them in the minors for the time being. The Rangers can purchase their contract at any point and bring them back to the majors, and he'll presumably be up when rosters expand on September 1, if not before then.
UPDATE -- Jeff Wilson mentioned that Feldman can refuse an outright assignment. I thought that was incorrect, but in going back and checking the service time, it appears that Feldman probably does have 5 years major league service time, which would allow them to reject an outright assignment.
However, I have to believe that the Rangers and Feldman had already agreed they would accept an outright assignment. Otherwise, I don't think they would have made this move.
Buy Photo Roy Blunt (Photo: News-Leader)Buy Photo
Springfield-area Republicans said the Iran nuclear deal unveiled Tuesday would not stop that country from getting a nuclear weapon.
Sen. Roy Blunt, R-Mo., was among the most critical, calling it a "dangerous step forward" that would give Iran a "free pass to cheat."
As Blunt and other opponents look for ways to block the deal, Sen. Claire McCaskill, who sits on the Senate Armed Services Committee, emerged as a possible pivotal player in the unfolding debate.
McCaskill, D-Mo., said they would take a "hard look" at the 150-plus page agreement and urged others to reserve judgment and refrain from partisan attacks on a deal reached by the United States and five other countries after months of painstaking negotiations.
"Preventing Iran from gaining a nuclear weapon is paramount to our national security, and if this agreement accomplishes that goal, it will make the world a safer place for America and our allies," McCaskill said in a statement. "I plan to spend the coming weeks taking a hard look at the agreement's details to ensure that it will result in a verifiable way to prevent a nuclear-armed Iran."
Congress has 60 days to review the agreement, after which lawmakers can vote to approve it, disapprove it, or do nothing. President Barack Obama threatened to veto any bill aimed at derailing the deal, and it would be difficult for opponents to override the president — unless enough Democrats like McCaskill come out against it.
The deal will keep Iran from producing enough material for an atomic weapon for at least 10 years and impose provisions for inspections of Iranian facilities, including military sites. In exchange, the United States and its partners in the agreement — England, Germany, France, China, and Russia — will lift tough global sanctions that have crippled Iran's economy.
Blunt, who sits on the Senate Intelligence Committee, said it did not include tough enough inspection provisions.
"By failing to provide for 'anytime anywhere' inspections, this deal gives Iran a free pass to cheat at its military sites with no access to U.S. inspectors," Blunt said. "In return, the president agreed to give Iran hundreds of millions of dollars in sanctions relief."
They said it "undermines the security of our friends and allies and legitimizes Iran's unapologetic sponsorship of terrorism throughout the Middle East."
Reps. Billy Long, R-Springfield, and Vicky Hartzler, R-Harrisonville, also expressed deep concerns about the deal but said they wanted to review the details.
"I am concerned this agreement will only temporarily halt Iran's ability to enrich weapons-grade uranium, while permanently lifting sanctions that have held Iran's nuclear capabilities at bay," Long said. "That only delays Iran's potential rather than ending it."
Hartlzer, who sits on the House Armed Services Committee, said the agreement relied on the "hope" that Iran would comply.
"This agreement does not stop Iran from being at the doorstep of nuclear capability," they said. "I am glad we have 60 days to review the deal and get the full picture, but the fact remains Iran is a designated sponsor of terrorism and should be verified much more than trusted."
In an interview, McCaskill said they would use two benchmarks to analyze the deal.
"My top line is, I don't trust Iran, so therefore I want to look at verification carefully," McCaskill said, referring to the mechanisms under which the international community will check Iran's compliance with provisions that limit its nuclear program.
"The other piece of this I want to look at carefully is the alternative: What happens if we don't do this?" McCaskill said. "Could we keep the sanctions in place?"
If Russia and China abandon the tough global economic restrictions now in place on Iran, McCaskill said, that will make sanctions ineffective.
"That means they get a nuclear bomb," McCaskill said. "So I'm going to look carefully at the deal and then I'm going to look carefully at the alternatives, and then I'm going to make a decision."
David Jackson of USA TODAY contributed to this story.
Contact Deirdre Shesgreen at dshesgreen@usatoday.com or @dshesgreen on Twitter.
Read or Share this story: http://sgfnow.co/1IYAm6s
Cheetahs at Houston Zoo - Houston Zoo website
After receiving a complaint from a local attorney, the city of Houston is forcing the Houston Zoo to take down their “No guns allowed” signs, KHOU is reporting.
Unsurprisingly zoo-goers in the Texas city are apprehensive and wondering why anyone would need to pack heat at the popular destination for families with children.
“Why would you want to bring a gun to the zoo? I mean that's kind of crazy,” a puzzled Damian Manuel said when the change was brought to their attention.
According to the city they had no choice but to tell the privately-owned zoo to remove the signs — since they are located on city property — after it was brought to the attention of the city by a local guns rights attorney. Under the state's newly passed concealed carry laws, private businesses can legally ban guns by posting signage to that effect, but on city-owned property the ban is not allowed.
While several zoo-goers were fine with the change — with one saying, “If you have the right to carry, you should be able to carry.That's my opinion. Everyone should be safe. If you think carrying a gun makes you safe” — others were disappointed and said it may curtail their future visits.
“If I do start seeing exposure of it I probably won't be coming here anymore, so it's probably bad for them,” stated Anna Runge.
Open carry in Texas has been a hot button issue, with local gun activists issuing death threats to lawmakers if they didn't pass a bill allowing them to carry their weapons at all times.
According to the zoo, they have “long-believed it was permitted to ban weapons from entering the zoo,” but have complied with the city while they explore their options. In the meantime, they will ask armed zoo visitors to please leave their weapons in their cars when visiting.
Watch the video below from KHOU:
What's your beef? (Image: Mikael Andersson/Plainpicture)
Health worries won't curtail the growing global appetite for meat – perhaps environmental concerns will be more persuasive
NOT long ago, a meal centred on meat was a rare treat. No longer. Most of us in the West now eat meat every day; many consume it at every meal. And people in less carnivorous cultures are getting a taste for it, too: in China it has become aspirational. Worldwide meat production has surged from 78 million tonnes per year in 1963 to 308 million tonnes in 2014.
The problem, setting aside issues around the morality of eating animals, is that the planet cannot support this growing appetite. Pasture used to graze livestock already accounts for 26 per cent of the planet's ice-free landmass; the meat industry is responsible for 15 per cent of all greenhouse gas emissions.
Advertisement
There is a strong case that meat is now too cheap, its price pushed down by ever more intensive farming practices. While that is ostensibly good for consumers, it's bad for the environment – in terms of pollution and antibiotic resistance, as well as climate – and very often bad for animals. And it can be bad for consumers if corners are cut to keep prices low (16 February 2013, p 6).
Is it possible to push the price back up? Governments have succeeded in reducing the consumption of alcohol and tobacco by taxing them. But a “sin tax” on meat lacks the clear case established for drinking and smoking: there is mixed evidence on potential links between high levels of meat consumption, cancer and heart disease. And it depends on exactly what you eat (see “Let them eat steak: How to eat meat the healthy way“). A more viable option might be to pull back on the agricultural subsidies that underpin meat production.
Persuasion may work better than coercion. In the UK and US, health concerns have already reduced consumption of red and processed meat. Later this month, the US Department of Agriculture will issue its latest dietary guidelines. This time, the recommendations may address effects on the environment as well as health. The industry won't like it, but the public may find that a lower-meat diet is more to its taste.
This article appeared in print under the headline “The real cost of meat”
Shipping
*****IMPORTANT*****
We charge a flat rate for most international shipping orders and on the average we lose a dollar or two on the shipping, but we try to keep our products affordable for customers around the world. Some LARGER POSTERS AND VERY DISTANT LOCATIONS will require us to contact you with additional shipping charges. If this is the case we will email you with a new shipping fee(the difference that you have already paid).
--------------------------------------------------------------------
We know how excited you are to receive your new purchase, so orders are placed within 24 hours. The company we use to print our images is located in Rhode Island, and once your order is placed with us, the printing process starts there. On average, your print will arrive in 5-7 days after the order is placed in the US.
Rather than personally printing our products, we decided to use a professional printing company to increase your options, ensure consistent results, and offer the highest quality prints....at a fantastic price.
All custom orders will require extra processing time, and we'll communicate those details when we confirm your order.
--------------------------------------------------------------------
Purchases made within the US will ship via USPS First-Class Mail. Orders will be shipped to the address listed with PayPal unless you designate otherwise.
International orders may receive a US Customs Number.
*** Please note that once an order leaves the US it can no longer be tracked.
*** International orders can take anywhere from 2-6 weeks to arrive, and possibly longer, depending on your location and if they get held up in Customs.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Your order is sent out with the utmost care in a poster tube. If your order is lost or bent/damaged by the Post Office, please contact us so we can follow up with the printing company to get a replacement–at no charge to you–as soon as possible. You have 7 days for a full refund (minus the shipping charges you incur to mail it back to us).
Please inform us at the time of checkout if you have any special requests.
They were also charged with looking like
a villain from one of those SyFy Channel original movies.
Please feel free to leave a comment below. If you'd like to sing my praises or tell me how terrible I am more personally, I can also be found on Twitter
On September 18, 2012, Steven Paul Larson entered a Citgo convenience store with their shirt covering their face. It wasn't because someone had just farted, though; Steven intended to rob the place.He walked up to the register, shoved a knife toward the attendant , and began demanding the store's on hand cash while also attempting to open the registers. Store clerk Dilip Patel , however, was having none of that.Patel ran out from behind the counter, grabbed a 4-pack of Natural Ice , and put the disgusting beverage to the best use ever recorded in human history: They began chucking the cans at Steven Larson.As you can see in the video embedded below, Larson is just as horrified by Natty Ice as anyone else is; they run out of the store like a giant pansy. Also included below is a local news report featuring an interview with Patel (and the much-needed confirmation that they do not, in fact, play beer pong).Steven Paul Larson was later identified and arrested at their home on charges of assault and battery.
A large body of water like a lake would seem to be a permanent fixture of the landscape, but that's not always the case.
Some lakes naturally come and go from year to year, as the flow of water into and out of them changes throughout the months. For others, though, once they are gone, they are gone forever. Climate change is a worry for some places, such as subarctic lakes that are dependent on snowmelt.
The reasons behind lake disappearances are varied. Here are nine lakes that no longer exist or are in danger of disappearing:
Lake Urmia, Iran
This saltwater lake, located in the northwest corner of Iran, was once that nation's largest, but it has quickly retreated from its shores. Climate change, wasteful irrigation practices (freshwater is diverted before it reaches the lake) and groundwater depletion account for a large portion of the water loss.
In addition, dams have cut off much of the supply of new water to the lake. “There are just too many people nowadays, and everybody needs to use the water and the electricity the dams generate,” one official, Hamid Ranaghadr, told the New York Times last week.
Only about five percent of the water in the lake remains compared to its volume about 20 years ago, according to figures from local environmental officials.
Lake Waiau, Hawaii
Lake Waiau was never a very big lake. Hawaii's only alpine lake measured just 6,900 square meters at its maximum and 3 meters in depth. But it was considered sacred to native Hawaiians. According to myth, the lake was bottomless and a portal to the spirit world.
But in early 2010, the lake started to shrink, and by September 2013, the lake was little more than a pond, covering a mere 115 square meters and reaching a depth of less than 30 centimeters. Such a decline is “unprecedented in modern times,” the U.S. Geological Survey reported last year. The cause of the lake's decline is currently unknown, but drought is among the suspects.
Dead Sea; Israel, the West Bank and Jordan
The Dead Sea is really a lake fed by the Jordan River. There's no outlet to the ocean, though, so the lake is salty—10 times saltier than the north Atlantic and inhospitable to most life other than microbes and human bathers.
The Dead Sea has persisted for thousands of years because the amount of water going into the lake has been more or less equal to the amount that evaporates from it. But as the region's population has grown, that equation has come unbalanced. Water that once would have flown into the Dead Sea has instead been diverted to supply people's homes and water-intensive businesses, such as chemical and potash companies. With less than a tenth of the water entering the lake now compared with several decades ago, the Dead Sea's water level is dropping by about a meter a year.
Scott Lake, Florida
This central Florida lake drained away in just two weeks in June 2006 when a sinkhole opened up. Scientists estimate that 32 tons of wildlife were sucked into the Earth; some fish were left behind to rot on the exposed lake bottom.
Nearby residents considered efforts to plug the hole, but time took care of the problem for them. With the sinkhole now naturally plugged back up with clay and silt, it's starting to fill with water and gradually the lake is returning. But Florida's geology makes the state prone to sinkholes, so the lake's permanence is not guaranteed.
Aral Sea, Kazakhstan and Uzbekistan
The Aral Sea was the world's fourth largest salt lake until it began shrinking in the last quarter of the 20th century. Since that time, ninety percent of the river flow from the Tian Shan Mountains into the lake has been diverted to irrigate rice and cotton fields planted in desert lands. As a result, the lake's water level quickly began to drop. Fishing in the lake has ceased, and shipping has declined. And the exposed lake bottom has become a source of salt that is carried by winds across a radius of 300 kilometers and pollutes agricultural lands.
Lake Peigneur, Louisiana
Disaster struck this lake on November 20, 1980, when a Texaco oil rig accidentally punctured the roof of a salt mine. The lake—along with the drilling platform, 11 barges and many trees—were quickly sucked below through what was described as a giant whirlpool. “It was like watching a science fiction movie,” Virlie Langlinais told Mother Jones last year. Surprisingly, no one was injured or killed in the incident. Drained of its freshwater, the lake was refilled with salt water from nearby Vermilion Bay, temporarily creating the state's largest waterfall.
Lake Cachet 2, Chile
This lake, high in the Andes, disappeared overnight on March 31, 2012. But that wasn't all that unusual for the lake, at least not lately—it's disappeared and refilled multiple times since 2008. The lake is a glacial lake, dammed in by the Colonia glacier. Climate change has been thinning the glacier, which has allowed a tunnel eight kilometers beneath to repeatedly open and close, draining the lake and letting it refill many times over. Prior to 2008, the lake was relatively stable.
Cachuma Lake, California
This southern California lake, located near Santa Barbara, is a popular recreation spot and a critical source of drinking water for 200,000 people. But the lake is now at just 39.7 percent of capacity. California is in the midst of a devastating drought that's not expected to end anytime soon, and Cachuma Lake's future remains in question.
Lake Chad; Chad, Cameroon, Niger and Nigeria
Once the world's sixth largest lake, Lake Chad has lost 90 percent of its area since it began shrinking in the 1960s. Persistent drought, water withdrawals for irrigation and other human uses, and climate variability have worked in concert to drain the lake. "The changes in the lake have contributed to local lack of water, crop failures, livestock deaths, collapsed fisheries, soil salinity, and increasing poverty throughout the region," according to a 2008 report from the United Nations Environment Programme.
This Stormzy Song Was Named 2017's ‘Most Dangerous' To Listen To While Driving
The top 10 'dangerous driving songs' have been announced...
Stormzy is responsible for the most dangerous song to listen to while driving in 2017, according to a new study.
Spotify's most streamed songs were analysed by comparison website Confused.com, to find the “most dangerous” based on beat and tempo.
The Grime MC's hit single ‘Big For Your Boots' topped their list, with an energy rating on 0.9 and a tempo of 175bpm.
According to Confused.com, the faster and more energetic the song is, the more likely the driver is to speed or driving recklessly while taking in the music.
In certain cases, the human heartbeat is also said to mimic the intensity of a song.
Second on the list, was Ed Sheeran's ‘Castle On The Hill', while Post Malone and Calvin Harris were also included in the top 10.
In comparison, Ed Sheeran's ‘Perfect' was named the “safest song” on 2017, alongside tracks such as DJ Khaled's ‘I'm The One' and ‘Wild Thoughts'.
Dr Simon Moore, a chartered psychologist, explained the link between music and driving.
They said: "Fast music can cause excitement and arousal that can lead people to concentrate more on the music than the road.
"In addition, a fast tempo can cause people to subconsciously speed up to match the beat of the song."
Meanwhile, Stormzy recently released the official video for their latest single 'Blinded By Your Grace Pt. 2' and also unveiled a stunning remix featuring Wretch 32 and Ed Sheeran.
Federal Communications Commission (FCC) Chairman Ajit Pai plans a December vote to repeal the agency's net neutrality rule.
The FCC will vote on December 14, 2017, to repeal the agency's 2015 Open Internet Order, which established net neutrality. The rule, known as the Open Internet Order, reclassified the internet as a public monopoly. Critics chided the rule, stating that it would diminish the freedom of the internet. Proponents argue that the regulations prevent Internet service providers from discriminating against content providers.
Chairman Pai plans to unveil their proposed rulemaking to repeal net neutrality on Wednesday.
Pai declared in a statement on Tuesday:
For almost twenty years, the Internet thrived under the light-touch regulatory approach established by President Clinton and a Republican Congress. This bipartisan framework led the private sector to invest $1.5 trillion building communications networks throughout the United States. And it gave us an Internet economy that became the envy of the world. But in 2015, the prior FCC bowed to pressure from President Obama. On a party-line vote, it imposed heavy-handed, utility-style regulations upon the Internet. That decision was a mistake. It's depressed investment in building and expanding broadband networks and deterred innovation. Today, I have shared with my colleagues a draft order that would abandon this failed approach and return to the longstanding consensus that served consumers well for decades. Under my proposal, the federal government will stop micromanaging the Internet. Instead, the FCC would simply require Internet service providers to be transparent about their practices so that consumers can buy the service plan that's best for them and entrepreneurs and other small businesses can have the technical information they need to innovate. Additionally, as a result of my proposal, the Federal Trade Commission will once again be able to police ISPs, protect consumers, and promote competition, just as it did before 2015. Notably, my proposal will put the federal government's most experienced privacy cop, the FTC, back on the beat to protect consumers' online privacy. Speaking of transparency, when the prior FCC adopted President Obama's heavy-handed Internet regulations, it refused to let the American people see that plan until weeks after the FCC's vote. This time, it'll be different. Specifically, I will publicly release my proposal to restore Internet freedom tomorrow—more than three weeks before the Commission's December 14 vote.
Fellow Republican FCC Commissioner Brendan Carr said in a statement, “Today, the Chairman circulated a draft order that would restore Internet freedom by reversing the Obama-era FCC's regulatory overreach. Prior to the FCC's 2015 decision, consumers and innovators alike benefited from a free and open Internet because the FCC abided by a 20-year, bipartisan consensus that the government should not control or heavily regulate Internet access. The Internet flourished under this framework. So I fully support returning to this approach, which will promote innovation and investment for the benefit of all Americans. I look forward to casting my vote in support of Internet freedom.”
Free State Foundation President Randolph May issued a statement cheering net neutrality's repeal. May argued, “The FCC's current regulations, put in place at President Obama's direction in 2015, constitute a misguided act of regulatory aggression leveled at the dynamic broadband Internet marketplace. It is none too soon to repeal them. Already, there is persuasive evidence that applying a public utility regulatory regime to Internet service providers has slowed investment in new facilities. As demand for Internet services continues to grow exponentially, the nation can ill-afford to risk deterring investment in new high-speed networks.”
Grover Norquist, president of Americans for Tax Reform, said, “The ‘Restoring Internet Freedom Order' released today by FCC Chairman Ajit Pai is a bold strike turning America away from the path we were on — turning the internet into a cross between the post office and the Department of Motor Vehicles.”
Katie McAuliffe, executive director of digital liberty, argued, “Chairman Ajit Pai has been instrumental in reforming the FCC to reflect the rapidly changing telecommunications industry. Governing 21st-century technologies with 20th-century regulations is not a strategy for keeping the United States as a worldwide leader in technological innovation. Chairman Pai and the FCC have made reforms necessary to keep the United States competitive in the global economy and to ensure that all Americans have access to the information they need.”
FCC Chairman Pai told Breitbart News in a previous exclusive interview that we need to repeal net neutrality to preserve an open internet.
Pai told Breitbart News, “We need an open and free internet for the 21st century, and if that gateway is closed, we're essentially left behind. So that's one of the things we want to do is to promote ubiquitous internet access so that every American who wants it can get it and there's no telling how broadly the entrepreneurial spirit can flourish if we empower Americans with access to a free and open internet.”
In one sense, it is not the most enormous shock to find footballers' pay is something on which Jeremy Corbyn disagrees with himself. A subject on which the Labour leader cannot hold two diametrically opposed opinions on the same day is increasingly a rarity. The problem with the new strategy of letting Jeremy be Jeremy is that – a bit like various football sides of cliché – you never know which one is going to turn up.
Last week Corbyn declared that there should be a cap on “grotesque” salaries. And whaddayaknow – the very first example of such salaries upon which they alighted was in football. “Certainly, the salaries that are paid to some footballers are simply ridiculous,” they stated, adding: “Some of the salaries paid to very high-earning top executives of companies are utterly ridiculous.”
Then, at the weekend, Corbyn seemed to have changed tack. Their idea of a salary cap would not be extended to footballers, they told Andrew Marr, because they weren't bosses. As they put it this time: “Footballers, while they are paid ludicrous sums of money which I suppose we all pay for through our tickets, in reality they're employees for quite a short time with those clubs.” Mmm. You'll note the quality of Jeremy's mercy is strained.
It's odd how you never hear politicians banging on about movie actors getting paid too much
At time of going to press, it was difficult to speculate which way the pendulum inside Jeremy's noggin was swinging or, indeed, where it would be 48 hours hence. What can be said with certainty is that in all arguments about pay and equality – whoever is making them this week or any week – football should be right down anyone sensible's list of give-a-tosses.
It is always telling when people who are supposed to have big ideas fall back on tipping all over the Premier League. I hate to break it to them but whingeing about footballers is not a big idea. They should have other fish to fry. Aside from anything else, top-flight football is one of the few engines of social mobility that still works in this country. Albeit for only a talented few, but hey – that already makes it more effective in this regard than almost every other profession. Yet it is footballer remuneration that is mentioned most frequently and most disparagingly by people in public life seeking to get attention.
What is it that they so detest about top-flight football, with its remorseless habit of creating working‑class millionaires? And so many black working-class millionaires, at that. I mean, really – of all the possible professions to pick, football would be one of my last ones, not least because it entertains so many people (however much they moan about it). It's odd how you never hear politicians banging on about movie actors getting paid too much. Perhaps it's because the working‑class actor is a more endangered species than it was even decades ago, so that branch of entertainment is not regarded as such a pressingly uppity problem.
And so it is that you frequently hear a footballer's contract discussed in terms of how many NHS nurses it would fund, but weirdly never hear how many Mesut Özils a banking bailout or cocked-up Royal Mail flotation could have provided instead. That certainly says something about the way our society is structured – but not the thing that the anti-Premier League crowd think it says.
For my money, there is no clearer indication of a policy's essential weakness than to find it primarily illustrated via recourse to the Premier League. Using footballers as an example for anything is the lamest sort of playing to the gallery, always indulged in by people too lazy or dim to formulate a proper argument. Furthermore, it always has the whiff of something patronisingly packaged to appeal to “ordinary people” in the sort of language “they” understand.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Footballers' wages are often discussed in terms of NHS nurses but never how many Mesut Özils a banking bailout could have provided. Photograph: Stuart MacFarlane/Arsenal FC via Getty Images
Indeed, instead of going along with it, I wish Corbyn had firmly resisted Marr's reliance on that old footballing insult, “we pay your wages”. “We pay your wages” is such a loathsome sentiment. Some might think it more refined to say it on a TV show sofa, as opposed to scream it behind the goal, but it made me shudder even harder.
Those who think it's OK to direct that comment at footballers should probably ask whether they'd toss it in the direction of serving staff in a restaurant they were eating in or a station cleaner who looked like they'd missed a bit. If they would, then at least they're consistently unpleasant. If they wouldn't, they need to dispense with the idea that the sums of money involved make it justifiable in one instance and not another. There are a few obvious exceptions to this rule – discovering your elected member of parliament has abused your trust and claimed moat-cleaning expenses and so on – but as a general principle it's a cringeworthy thing to say.
As a man who gets paid an extra £62,440 from the public purse, supposedly for the task of leading Them Majesty's opposition, it's probably not one Corbyn ought wisely to get into.
Rochester appears to be the community most divided over whether to allow Keno within city limits – the game passed there by a mere one vote, according to results from the local clerk's office as of late Tuesday night.
Otherwise, voters across New Hampshire were split on the issue of whether to allow Keno in their communities. Seven of the 10 cities where it was on the ballot voted in favor of permitting the game.
Map: What NH Towns Will Have KENO?
The biggest Keno victory of the night came in Berlin – where nearly three-quarters of voters gave it a green light. Other cities, including Manchester and Nashua, also saw strong margins of support.
Voters rejected the game in Keene, Concord and Dover. The widest defeat came in Keene, where nearly two-thirds of voters said they were opposed.
Franklin already approved the game last month, but it failed to get the necessary votes earlier this year to be put on the ballot in Portsmouth.
A law passed earlier this year paved the way for profits from keno to be used toward funding full-day Kindergarten statewide. The head of the state's lottery commission has said they hope to have the game up and running by next month.
But the evident dissonance between the president and their senior national security advisers has taken on greater consequence in the cases of Iran and North Korea, which are potentially questions of war or peace.
Amid the simmering North Korean crisis, Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson told reporters in Beijing over the weekend that they were keeping “a couple, three channels open to Pyongyang” to defuse the situation. The next morning, they were slapped down by Mr. Trump, who read newspaper accounts of that conversation and tweeted “save your energy Rex,” complaining that Mr. Tillerson was “wasting their time trying to negotiate with Little Rocket Man,” the president's derisive nickname for Kim Jong-un, the North Korean leader.
White House officials said Mr. Trump was angry that their secretary of state was suggesting it was time to talk with North Korea, when official administration policy is that the North must earn the right — by halting missile and nuclear tests for an unspecified period of time.
It was hardly the first time that Mr. Tillerson, who is widely reported to be frustrated in the job, has publicly split with the president. In August, they conceded that they had argued in favor of keeping the Iran deal, saying they had “differences of views” from the president. At the same time, they acknowledged that Iran continued to support terrorism and was failing to comply with what they called “the spirit” of the agreement.
At the meeting with reporters in the American ambassador's residence in Beijing, Mr. Tillerson hinted they were pressing Mr. Trump to certify to Congress once again that Iran is in compliance with the agreement despite Mr. Trump's declaration in August that they would have declared the country “noncompliant 180 days ago.”
Mr. Trump must make that decision anew by Oct. 15. But their choice is not necessarily the final word on the deal. Even if they decertify the agreement, Congress could hold back on restoring the economic sanctions that the United States agreed to ease in exchange for Iran halting its nuclear weapons program. If Congress did not act, the deal would be preserved.
“I don't want to suggest to you that we're not going to stick with the Iranian deal,” Mr. Tillerson said. “The president will have to make that decision; ultimately, it's what they want to do.”
Four stars of junior single-seater racing made the final phase of the selection process to become a Porsche junior driver in 2016.
Newly-crowned ADAC Formula 4 champion Marvin Dienst, European Formula 3 racer Raoul Hyman and Formula Renault 2.0 frontrunners Kevin Jorg and Dennis Olsen were chosen from more than 100 applicants for the initiative.
Eight drivers underwent initial tests and interviews away from the circuit, before the final quartet proceeded to an on-track shootout at Lausitz on Tuesday and Wednesday.
The chosen driver will participate in the German Porsche Carrera Cup next year as a Porsche junior driver.
Other drivers to have been selected for the same scheme in recent years include ex-F3 racer Sven Muller, a four-time winner in the Supercup this season, and former GP3 driver Michael Christensen, who is now a fully-fledged factory athlete in the World Endurance Championship.
“We were impressed with all of them,” Porsche Motorsport junior programme manager Andrea Hagenbach.
“Selecting our new junior won't be easy. In addition to sheer speed on the track we also take into account their personalities, how they work within a team and their communication skills.
“We will meticulously evaluate all the data over the next few weeks and we'll then make our decision.”
A second Porsche junior will be chosen from another shootout, made up of drivers already competing in national Porsche one-make cups, to take part in the Supercup next season.
Among the drivers taking part in that process are ex-Italian F3 champion and GP3 racer Riccardo Agostini, who currently leads the Italian series and will be aiming to follow in the footsteps of compatriot Matteo Cairoli as well as 2013 victor Earl Bamber, who won the Supercup a year later and then the Le Mans 24 Hours outright in June this year.
Eurofighter Typhoon has a foreplane delta design, which is inherently – and intentionally –aerodynamically unstable in subsonic flight. This was developed with experienced pilots to provide enhanced manoeuvrability while still being highly intuitive to fly.
The instability in subsonic flight requires a complex flight control system to support the pilot as the computer systems can react more quickly at lower speeds. When Eurofighter Typhoon crosses into supersonic flight, the point of instability moves behind the centre of gravity, giving a stable aircraft for high performance flight.
The advantages of an intentionally unstable design include greater agility at subsonic speeds as well as reduced drag and an overall increase in lift for enhanced short takeoff and landing (STOL) performance. Proposed engine enhancements such as vectored thrust will further boost the agility of the aircraft.
via The Province. June 27:
Second arson fire in Stanley Park guts work vehicles near VPD horse barn
Gerry O'Neil's heart leapt out of their chest when the telephone rang Tuesday night.
Leaping out of bed, they had a panicky deja vu — the same time of night, the same woman on the line.
And the same desperate news — their beloved horses were in peril.
“I haven't been sleeping much since the last fire,” said O'Neil. ‘I jumped up to leave, and I forgot my socks.
“My wife said, ‘Put them in your pocket — you might have to spend the night.'”
The Stanley Park serial arsonist had struck for the second time in a week — and O'Neil's Stanley Park Horse-Drawn Tours had been hit for the second time in 16 months.
O'Neil went speeding off into the night, terrified their 14 treasured draft horses weren't going to survive
“I was driving … fast … there were people honking at me.
“I'm sorry about that.
“But if the police had pulled me over, I would have said, ‘Turn on your lights and follow me.'”
Vancouver Fire Department Lieut. Carol Messenger points to the spot — just metres from O'Neil's stables — where three cars were torched late Tuesday night.
“We need the public's help — we need people to be vigilant,” said Messenger. “If anyone sees anything suspicious, or sees smouldering or smoke or fire, call 911 immediately.”
As they spoke a dozen fire officials toured the extensive barns, planning out in great detail how to save the horses in the event the arsonist — who also destroyed the Stanley Park Train entrance eight days ago — strikes for a third time.
A steady stream of fire and police vehicles swept by as they spoke, and Wednesday afternoon police and fire officials met with parks board employees for an afternoon strategy session.
VPD Sgt. Doug McMillan hurried down to make sure all of the 13 prized steeds of the Vancouver Mounted Police Unit were safe.
“It's scary,” said McMillan, who heads the unit.
“The park is open at night, and there are people living in the park.
“These guys are so valuable to us. We do a lot of public relations, parades, crowd control.
“The Olympics, the Stanley Cup riot — they were all there.”
McMillan said the 13 horses will be moved to indoor stalls at night — usually they sleep outside — as a precautionary move as investigators begin the needle-in-the-haystack search, wary the serial arsonist may strike again.
Emotion wells up in O'Neil as they think of the two near-misses, twice when their horses were at risk.
“I see them more than my wife,” said O'Neil, choking back a tear as they nuzzled Weiser, a magnificent 14-year-old Clydesdale.
“I thought, ‘This may be the night.'
“I think we have to have people here 24 hours a day, and have cameras.”
Samwell will call your friend or family member! This is not a recording, this is a LIVE phone call!
Birthdays, Anniversaries, Weddings, Valentine's Day, The Sweetest Day, Bar Mitzvahs, Christmas, April Fool's Day, or just to say HI!
“Seriously, Samwell will call you just to say Hi … Just imagine your loved one, future employer, or yourself answering that call and receiving the greatest thing since miniature ponies, a message from Samwell … This may be the greatest service of all time.”
— Diamond Bodine-Fischer, L.A. Weekly
Samwell's phone call will be placed within 5 days of your order, between 9:00AM and 9:00PM CST. Please notify the person you are purchasing this call for before you place the order, because Samwell's Caller ID will show up as “Blocked” when they call. If the party cannot be reached Samwell will leave a voicemail message instead. Most calls are less than one minute in length, but this may vary. U.S. calls only, please.
Only $19.95 !
Pay with PayPal or your credit card!
* ALL FIELDS BELOW ARE REQUIRED! ESPECIALLY YOUR FRIEND'S PHONE NUMBER! *
Occasion for Call Happy Birthday Happy Anniversary Call Just To Say Hello Get Well Soon Encouraging Motivational Call Happy Valentines Day Tell Someone You Love Them Happy Sweetest Day Friend's Name Friend's Phone Number
THESE CALLS CANNOT BE USED FOR COMMERCIAL ENDORSEMENTS OR FOR BROADCAST PURPOSES WITHOUT OUR WRITTEN PERMISSION (Contact us here).
About
Components
BluMote consists of 3 main things:
1) BluMote pod: The pod is connected to your Android phone or tablet via Bluetooth using a simple protocol and sends the infra-red (IR) signals from the IR emitters to your equipment. The pod is typically fastened somewhere near the equipment setup but does not need to be visible. It is roughly 2"x3" in dimension so it is easy to find a home for it. It is powered with a standard micro-USB cable which is common among smartphones, so you may have some of these already on-hand.
Here are some pictures of our present pod hardware.
Front PCB
Back PCB
Assembled
Our pod prototype hardware went through a revision last year, the old version was quite a bit larger!
old versus new
BluMote: IR receiver end
BluMote: IR emitter and power end
The final case will have factory machining and BluMote branding, but will remain the same size and shape. The smooth spot may change to all texture depending on if we go with labels or direct printing.
2) IR emitters: The IR emitter uses a standard 3.5mm style jack to connect to the BluMote pod. Standard IR emitters can have multiple heads. Each IR emitter head can be used to control a separate device. The IR emitters are fastened using a double sided adhesive over the IR window of the devices to be controlled. The IR emitters we supply allow your standard remote control to still work by allowing the IR to pass through them. IR emitters can be purchased through Woelfware or other retailers.
Emitters
3) Android app: The Android app can be found in the Google Play Store. The app allows you to interact with the BluMote pod and is currently supported on phones and tablets running Android 2.3.3 or later. This wiki identifies the features are currently available.
Here is a quick list of features presently working:
Learning IR codes from external remotes
Switching between multiple BluMote Pods
Over the air pod firmware updates
Switching between devices through a drop-down menu
Macro events for starting activities
Activities can pull together multiple devices on the same screen
Multiple button interface styles (only a couple presently available)
Detect tablets and display interface differently
Scan and manage BluMote pod devices
Export database for backups
The software currently runs on both android phones and tablets, the below screenshots show the present day interface.
Main screen page 3
"Roku" activity screen
Tablet interface
Open-source software
BluMote software has been on GitHub since March of 2012, but we have never done any advertising/promoting/etc so it has been entirely a private endeavor. The hardware prototypes have been available a few months prior to that. Our goal has always been to work on a fun project that hopefully others can find useful too, but we did not ever intend on taking on the big players in the industry. We've always been big advocates of open-source and wanted to contribute something back to the community as well! All our development was done on Linux using free and open-source CAD tools and Android is also an open-source OS.
You don't have to be an expert Android developer or hardware hacker to help contribute either, we would welcome anyone interested to contact us via email and we can give you some items to help out with while we work to form our community. We don't want to build walls between us and our users, we want to create a community where everyone feels like they have some control, and are encouraged to collaborate.
Our small team has a lot of professional engineering experience, but most of it has been at a level that is a bit removed from the user. This project has stretched us into a new direction by placing most of the emphasis not on the hardware and firmware but on the end-user software, something we do not have nearly as much experience in, but it has been fun!
We also have our application published to the Google Play Store, so you can download it and check it out, you won't get far without a pod though ;-)
We currently only support Android but other platforms could be added with community help by referencing our source code and open protocol spec.
Schedule & Fulfillment
We felt the time was right to put BluMote up on Kickstarter because we had been using the BluMote prototypes ourselves for several months with good stability and it handles the most critical functions we set out to create.
The shipping product will have a finished case with logo. Sorry we can't support international shipments at this initial stage.
Our initial batch run will be scheduled for April of 2014. The basic schedule to arrive at this date is as follows:
December 2013 : Project achieves funding, raw parts are ordered
January 2013 : PCBs and components are delivered
February 2014: Board/component assembly
March 2014 : Pods are tested and assembled into cases
April 2014: Packaging and shipping
As engineers in the USA, we decided to just build the whole thing here even if it ends up costing us more. This allows us to maintain as much control as possible and reduce the risk in getting it all built on time.
Our PCB and component assemblies will be handled by professional companies that we have worked with before. The final testing, case assembly and shipping will be handled by our team of 3. The most critical component (the Bluetooth transceiver) is a fully tested unit that we assemble to the boards, we would like to reduce cost in the future and redesign this piece, but it greatly reduces risk.
Kickstarter Campaign Goals
Our pod hardware is nearly ready to go. We want to utilize the Kickstarter community to help get a build with some decent quantity to help get the price down. We also hope this campaign can help gather a community of advocates who can help fine-tune the whole experience. There are also a lot of features left to implement that would improve the software and a successful campaign will help allow for continued development as well as hopefully allowing others to help out as well.
Long-term Goals
Here are some things we (and the eventual community) want to work on to make it better! Most of these are for the software which is open-source.
After last weekends gathering of governors from around the country, the Ocean State's Governor Lincoln Chafee seems to be “seeing the light” concerning cannabis legalization. Rhode Island has the nation's highest unemployment rate of 9.1%, and could certainly use the jobs and tax dollars that being the first legal east-coast state could bring.
“Somebody was saying to me about the bad weather we've been having back home and all the potholes, we should have the revenue go to infrastructure — pot for potholes. Fix up our roads and bridges and fill our potholes, it's a bad winter up there,” Chafee told Huffington Post. “We'll see what comes out of the legislature. We're just still putting in the medical marijuana component and we'll certainly see what happening in Colorado.” added Chafee, “The ability to tax and put that revenue to beneficial means, whatever that might be — infrastructure, education — is tempting for governors.”
Representative Edith Ajello has submitted a bill legalizing and regulating cannabis in “Little Rhody” for the fourth time in as many sessions, Chafee's new-found enlightenment means this time it might stick.
The measure (2014-S 2379, 2014-H 7506) would allow adults 21 and older to possess up to one ounce of marijuana and grow up to two marijuana plants (only one may be mature) in an enclosed, locked space; establish a tightly regulated system of licensed marijuana retail stores, cultivation facilities, and testing facilities; enact an excise tax of up to $50 per ounce on the wholesale sale of marijuana flowers applied at the point of transfer from the cultivation facility to a retail store (a special 10-percent sales tax will also be applied at the point of retail sale); and require the Department of Business Regulation to establish rules regulating security, labeling, health and safety requirements.
Contact Governor Chafee Here:
Office of the Governor
82 Smith Street
Providence, RI 02903
Phone: (401) 222-2080
governor@governor.ri.gov
Vintage construction photos show what lies underneath Canyon Lake
Canyon Lake was yet-to-be filled in this March 1964 photo, which was taken atop the dam. Canyon Lake was yet-to-be filled in this March 1964 photo, which was taken atop the dam. Photo: U.S. Army Corps Of Engineers Photo: U.S. Army Corps Of Engineers Image 1 of / 33 Caption Close Vintage construction photos show what lies underneath Canyon Lake 1 / 33 Back to Gallery
Before boaters and water skiers hit Canyon Lake, dump trucks and construction workers roamed the lake bed, excavating and making way for a new control tower, dam and reservoir.
More than 50 years ago, explosives were used to create a spillway, riprap was layered along the 6,830-foot long dam and clay was spread over a large underground conduit that discharges water into the Guadalupe River.
That was Canyon Lake's scene during the mid-20th Century, according to vintage photos provided by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers that show construction of the new dam and an empty valley.
RELATED: Vintage photos: when fun flowed at Medina and Canyon lakes
Now Playing:
While Canyon Lake may be one of Central Texas' most popular lakes today, it began as a solution to help end catastrophic flooding along the Guadalupe River, according to Edwards Aquifer's website.
Headed by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and the Guadalupe-Blanco River Authority, Canyon Dam was under construction between 1958 and 1964.
Water filled the giant hole and the $20.2 million project was officially dedicated on April 20, 1966, the Edwards Aquifer's website states.
Click through the slideshow to view photos of what lies beneath Central Texas' Canyon Lake and Dam.
rsalinas@mysa.com
Mexican standoff
a day spent in a bed with a stomach virus is a day spent doodlingHere we have:1.-3.) and I engaged in a fierceround of the pocky game. Win goes to Kilala, but only because they are a filthy filthy cheater that used their power of sheer adorbz to take Bramble out with a deadly muzzle to muzzle boop4.) Bruce and Zipperflash...this crackship is growing on me. XD They insult each other to desperately hide their wuv for each other5.) Was really surprised by how much you all like Truffles!Welp, here they are, in all their precious chubby glory. She's very shy and gets teased a lot at school, but luckily Rosemary is there to step in as a surrogate big sister and give Bulk Biceps volume level scoldings to any pony that dare bully Truffles6.) Pandora ain't a morning draconequus. Luckily their loyal minion Cupcake is there to dump mug after mug of sugary coffee into their boss until she's fully awakei like to think Pan rolled out of bed and slithered into the kitchen like a caffeine deprived snake
From Matthew Graham at Mortgage News Daily: Rates Pushing Deep Into Post-Election Range
After stumbling just slightly yesterday, mortgage rates returned to their recent habit of setting new 2017 lows today. At this point, we're getting closer and closer to post-election lows. You'd have to go all the way back to November, 14th 2016 to see anything lower.
In specific terms, even more lenders have joined the majority in quoting conventional 30yr fixed rates of 4.0% on top tier scenarios. The more aggressive lenders are now back into the high 3% territory (3.875% mainly, with a very small minority at 3.75%). Many lenders are quoting the same NOTE rates as yesterday, but today's upfront costs are moderately lower on average.
emphasis added
Wednesday:• At 7:00 AM ET, The Mortgage Bankers Association (MBA) will release the results for the• During the day: The AIA'sfor March (a leading indicator for commercial real estate).• At 2:00 PM, the, an informal review by the Federal Reserve Banks of current economic conditions in their Districts.
Syria's information minister has lashed out at Turkey, accusing Ankara of sending foreign fighters across the border to fight Syrian government troops in President Bashar Assad's ancestral homeland in Latakia province.
Omran al-Zoubi told the state TV on Sunday that neighbouring Turkey is facilitating the entry of "groups of foreigners, armed to their teeth" into Latakia, where fighting is raging between Syrian government forces and rebel fighters trying to oust Assad.
Recently, the Syrian government complained to the UN that Ankara was providing cover to rebels crossing the border to Syrian soil.
Turkey is a NATO member that once had good ties with Syria. But the two countries had a falling out over Ankara's support for the Syrian opposition in the three-year-old conflict.
Hostilities have flared along the border on several occasions and last week, Turkey shot down a Syrian fighter jet, saying it violated its airspace.
Damascus rejects Ankara's airspace violation allegations, saying that the plane was hit on Syrian airspace.
by Carl Johannes Muth
Armenia will soon announce a tender for the construction of a 40-50 MW solar plant near the village of Masrik in Gegharkunik province. According to Tamara Babayan, director of the Renewable Energy and Energy Efficiency Foundation, all 40 companies that attended the Energy Week 2017 in Yerevan in January have expressed their willingness to participate in the bidding process.
The project is the main component of a US$58 million worth program started in 2015 to boost alternative energy sources in the country. The six-year program is directed by the Renewable Energy and Energy Efficiency Foundation, a non-governmental organization whose mission is to facilitate investments in energy efficiency and renewable energy in Armenia, and supported by the Climate Investment Funds, the Armenian Ministry of Energy and Natural Resources, the World Bank, and the Asian Development Bank.
As stated in the press release from Wednesday, construction is expected to begin in 2017 and for the plant to be ready for operation by 2020, which will make it the country's first-ever solar power plant.
LOS ANGELES -- Los Angeles Dodgers manager Don Mattingly has never been all that worried about how Carl Crawford would handle the pressure of a massive contract and a new team. They already went through that in Boston.
But that doesn't mean Crawford felt no sense of urgency.
The way they see it now, the roof began caving in slowly, chunk by tiny chunk, the day they looked at the lineup card in the visiting clubhouse in Arlington, Texas, and saw their name in the No. 7 hole. That was their third game with the Red Sox, April 3, 2011.
Crawford had gone 0-for-7 batting third in the first two games and the Red Sox were facing left-hander Matt Harrison. Manager Terry Francona said at the time, “Looking at him, he's obviously trying too hard.”
Crawford said Sunday they entered this season intent on giving Mattingly no reason to make such a quick move.
“After going through that, I decided I'm going to try to have hot starts,” Crawford said. “You never know when a manager might panic like that again and tell you things like, ‘We're doing this for you.' You know? Going through that definitely messes with your confidence because, first of all, you can't believe they spent $140 million to put you in the seven-hole and, second, you've never been in that situation before so you don't really know how to take it.
“It was as if the team really doesn't want you or you're doing something wrong. Now, your mind just starts to get flustered and cluttered with all kinds of stuff.”
It is, of course, ridiculously early to make any sweeping conclusions, but through the Dodgers' first six games, Crawford has looked anything but flustered. They look, in fact, much more like the dynamic, run-scoring force they were for nine seasons in Tampa Bay than the unsure, injury-prone player they became in Boston. They have been the engine of what little offense the Dodgers have produced, hitting .450 and scoring five of the team's 17 runs.
“I think we're seeing little glimpses of what everybody else was seeing for a while,” Mattingly said.
Their rebuilt left elbow has held up fine. They have, in fact, surprised Mattingly and the other coaches by putting more zip on their throws than they would have expected less than eight months removed from surgery.
The only time Crawford has looked bad so far was in Friday's game, when they were tagged out jogging into second base after a stolen-base attempt. That, it turns out, was the result of a scoreboard malfunction. The Dodgers were still working out the glitches in their new high-def right-field scoreboard and the count wasn't displayed, so Crawford asked first-base umpire Gerry Davis. They told them it was a full count.
The next pitch, a ball, was only the third thrown to Mark Ellis. Crawford said the umpire later apologized for contributing to an out.
“I guess I should know the count myself, but you have those periods where you're looking at everything else and, if you can't ask the umpire, who can you ask?” Crawford said.
As Crawford becomes more comfortable in Los Angeles and in the leadoff spot, the Dodgers could get a key return on their risky investment (they owe them $102.5 million through 2017). When they made their blockbuster trade with Boston last August, Crawford -- injured at the time -- was viewed by some people in baseball as an immovable commodity.
Low-scoring games like the Dodgers have been playing tend to showcase the talents of catalysts like Crawford. One of the reasons they were a four-time All-Star and twice received MVP votes in Tampa was that the Rays generally field pitching-and-defense teams.
Taking risks on the bases hasn't been a big part of what the Red Sox do. Crawford averaged 45 stolen bases a season in Tampa. Their 162-game average in Boston was 24. Crawford's speed also was largely wasted in the tiny left field at Fenway Park. Roaming with Kemp and Andre Ethier, Crawford could give the Dodgers' one of the league's least-permeable outfields.
Crawford said they already feel more comfortable on the laid-back West Coast than in Boston, where fans' moods often swing widely depending on how the Red Sox are playing. They like the loose feeling in the Dodgers' clubhouse.
They point across the room toward their teammate, Matt Kemp, who has begun this season in a 2-for-20 slump.
“You see how loose Matt is right now going through it. That's how I was,” Crawford said. “I'm like, ‘I'm going to hit.' I was exactly the same way. He's not stressing or worried, but if they were in Boston right now, they'd probably be ready to trade him, you know? “
is not only considered to be a cult classic, it and its seemingly endless line of sequels are always popular viewing selections during the Halloween season. This year, Don Mancini, the creative madman behind the franchise returns with their third directorial effort,
. One of the better additions the series, Mancini continues to carve out a bloody universe for their infamous killer doll and in this offering doubles down on the fan service by featuring the returns of several prominent characters from previous entries.
Nica has been imprisoned for multiple homicides that they initially attributed to Chucky. Rigorous therapy treatments lead them to believe that they were in fact the killer and as a result of their progress, they are moved to a lower security hospital where true darkness awaits. Mancini's world of plastic killers and childlike wonder has always had a frustratingly complex relationship with the audience. Initially, the series was about a Voodoo ritual used by a serial murderer to extend their life, pitting their Good Guy Doll incarnation against protagonist Andy Barclay. Eventually, the series transformed from quasi serious slasher flicks to over the top horror comedy. With this film, Mancini tones both elements down, but never forgets their importance. There are eye rolling lines of dialogue and inventively violent kills, however the story is unique and the central cast all work remarkably well with what they're given.
Legendary character actor Brad Dourif once again returns to voice Chucky. There are copious amounts of supporting characters, many of which are from previous films that require the viewer to have screened each entry, or at the least, made use of the internet to catch up. Dourif's Daughter, Fiona stars as Nica, reprising their role from Curse of Chucky. Them early scenes are impressive, demonstrating a clear understanding of the delicate balance of horror and camp that is essential to the film's success.
Michael Marshall's cinematography is one of the more notable aspects. The bulk of the narrative involves a mental hospital, and Marshall's compositions work perfectly, keeping the sterile interiors one step shy of a soap opera set, perfectly capturing Mancini's haunted madhouse of obtuse angels and torturous devices. There are some interesting choices with respect to set design and art direction that coalesce into an almost alien environment, keeping a distinct dream like feeling alive throughout.
Available now on Netflix, there are two versions of Cult of Chucky. The R rated version is what is currently on Netflix. There is an unrated version that can be rented on demand, which features some additional footage and an after credits stinger. While there's the expected amount of ridiculousness one would expect in the seventh film of series about a psychopathic doll, Cult of Chucky also achieves a fun combination of morbid humor and unusual violence. This is accomplished by breaking some already flimsy rules in the films' mythology and by giving fans of the product exactly what they want, so much so that an eighth film is all but guaranteed.
-- Kyle Jonathan
Six seasons and a movie lives! At long last, to joyous refrain, it seems ' Community ' will indeed return for a fifth season at NBC, despite nigh-universal sentiments year 4 would prove the last. NBC has yet to officially confirm the renewal, said to consist of at least 13 episodes, but sources assure that 'Community' season 5 is "all but a done deal." Pop pop and celebrate 'Community' season 5 inside!
Can this really be? Last night's 'Community' season 4 finale " Advanced Introduction to Finality " was rescued from the darkest timeline after all? It seems so, as according to Vulture , NBC remains inches away from a 'Community' season 5 renewal, presumably without series star Chevy Chase .
Last night's finale achieved notably higher ratings than usual, which may have swayed the network to give Greendale another semester, in spite of all the house-cleaning we've seen NBC perform over the last few days. Worth noting is that while Vulture points out the renewal will likely prove at least 13 episodes for 'Community' season 5, 16 episodes would finally bring the series to 100 episodes for syndication.
We'll let you know when the word is official, but what say you? Are you as overjoyed to potentially have 'Community' return for season 5 as we are, Dan Harmon or no? Give us your 'Community' celebrations in the comments!
According to Zeke Emanuel, Rahm's brother, Obamacare architect, and a guy with all the warmth and charm of an inflamed hemorrhoid, the reason Young people are, in droves, NOT signing up for the insipid insurance program is that…
“No one has launched a big PR campaign to get these people signed up because of the problems with the federal website. We are about to launch a big PR campaign, and that, I think, is going to persuade a lot of people to sign up.”
Really?
After 3 ½ years of Obama campaigning on Obamacare…After their minions constantly telling the public how Obamacare was the greatest thing since sliced cheese and after all the ballyhoo surrounding a bill SO fantastic it had to remain under wraps until after it was passed…
Obamacare needs a “PR” CAMPAIGN???
Most folks think PR stands for “PUBLIC RELATIONS” but, most folks don't have the double top-secret, Karl Marx decoder ring.
PR, in socialist speak means…
PROPAGANDA REPRESENTATION!!!
Obamacare, according to Zeke, suffers from a lack of propaganda.
You see, for Obamacare to work, YOUNG people, steeped for the vast majority of their lives in socialism, via indoctrination centers mislabeled as “Public Schools” and, having had their brains soaked in socialism at asylums of HIGHER indoctrination masquerading as COLLEGES…MUST sign up for Obamacare and have THEIR bank accounts raided on behalf of older, sicker people.
What Zeke and Barry just can't understand is that…
After elementary, middle and high school indoctrination and, after up to 4 or 5 years of HIGHER indoctrination…
Today's pre-programed socialist youth still have something much more important to them than the collective…
Their money.
They have seen the Obamacare premium rates for their demographic and, “collectively,” they have been…FLABBERGASTED!!!
Those BELOW the age of 26 can simply push it all aside because, thanks to Obamacare, they can continue to sponge off their parents until they hit that magic number.
Those OVER the age of 26 are paying off their student loans, starting new jobs (if they can find one) and, starting a family. Disposable income is NOT something they have and, Obamacare is designed to soak them of every last dollar they might find between the couch cushions.
The idea of paying MORE for their premiums AND…Substantially MORE for their deductibles just doesn't make sense.
It's not the lack of PR that the problem…It's that common core math came along too late.
Today's millennials, lacking socialist mathematics, are fully aware that paying a $95 dollar fine makes more sense than coughing up an $1800.00 premium.
You see, the higher the deductible, the less chance that the actual insurance will ever kick in and, that being the case…Why in the hell would anyone actually pay for the insurance?
The problem compounds when one adds in the factor that, one of THE most TOUTED aspects OF Obamacare has been that it covers…”PRE-EXISTING CONDITIONS.”
In fact, one COULD simply pay the Obamacare FINES for NOT signing up for the money-sucking insurance scam and then, upon NEEDING it…Could sign up AFTER the traumatic event happens and, be FULLY covered IF they could then afford the crushingly high deductible.
But…There's Zeke…Telling us that the only thing standing between mass Obamacare enrollment by millennials and mass defections by them is…A propaganda campaigns.
The problem with propaganda, historically, is that REALITY always trumps the fabrication.
If you sneak up behind a millennial and hit them in the back of the head with a baseball bat at full swing and then tell them that it doesn't hurt…Chances are…They'll argue against your conclusion.
Now, consider this…
It's pretty daunting to pay a $400.00 or $500.00 or up to $800.00 monthly premium on a part-time income and more and more Americans are seeing THAT reality as a side effect OF Obamacare.
Oh, Zeke and the other desperate Obamacare propagandists can tell you all they want to that, your prices are going DOWN but, again…Reality seems destined to poop on the propaganda parade as millions upon MILLIONS of Americans are experiencing quite the opposite.
“It's BETTER insurance than what you had before,” they'll tell you but…Is it?
If it costs MORE and the deductible is HIGHER than what you had before…You'll be paying MORE for LESS than you did before and, so far, none of the Obamacare socialists have been able to explain how THAT…Is BETTER.
Desperate?
Indeed.
At a “YOUTH SUMMIT” last Wednesday, Obama opened with this DESPERATE plea…
“I'm here, because I need your help.”
Think about that for a moment.
The “I, I, I,” occupier of the oval office is telling the “Me, me, me” generation…“I'm here, because I need your help.”
After DECADES of socialist indoctrination, a good part of it resulting in the “What's in it for ME?” attitude of today's youth and young adults, also known as the ENTITLEMENT GENERATION…Obama expects them to simply climb aboard the “Obamacare-Express-Train-Ride-to-the-Scene-of-the-Looming-Wreck,” all the while KNOWING they are being scammed and there is NOTHING in it for THEM???
According to Zeke…“No one has launched a big PR campaign to get these people signed up because of the problems with the federal website. We are about to launch a big PR campaign, and that, I think, is going to persuade a lot of people to sign up.”
The website is the LEAST of the problem, Zeke.
Here is why it will make no difference regardless of the amount of taxpayer dollars Zeke throws at the Obamacare/Millennial issue and why PR simply isn't going to breathe life into the failing law.
Young CONSERVATIVES are NOT going to be swayed by more Obama speeches or Zeke's propaganda. That much is a given so, that leaves millennial LIBERALS and SOCIALISTS to whom this upcoming “PR” campaign will be aimed.
And who, exactly, are THEY???
THEY…Are the exact same demographic who, just a couple of years ago, were OCCUPYING PARKS AND PUBLIC VENUES…BECAUSE THEY WERE DEMANDING SOMETHING, FOR NOTHING!!!
Obama and their minions CHAMPIONED the “occupy” movement and SPURRED it along with their CLASS WARFARE agenda.
Now…They think the “SOMETHING FOR NOTHING” crowd will WILLINGLY…PAY THROUGH THE NOSE…FOR INSURANCE THEY WON'T BE ABLE TO USE BECAUSE OF THE SKY-HIGH DEDUCTIBLES…IN ORDER TO COVER OTHERS WHO ARE OLDER AND LESS HEALTHY???
They think, with a “PR” campaign, they can get the “OCCUPY” weasels to back a law that SUBSIDIZES THE VERY CORPORATIONS THEY WERE CRAPPING ON COP CARS AND ENGAGING IN VIOLENCE, INCLUDING MURDER, TO RAIL AGAINST???
Guess what?
Conservatives are solidly against Obamacare because it's an epically bad law that does nothing but further the agenda of socialism by diminishing individual liberty and enlarging government.
LIBERAL and SOCIALIST MILLENNIALS will NOT sign on because…THERE'S NOTHING IN OBAMACARE THAT BENEFITS THEM!!!
The very demographic, Liberal/Socialist millennials, who “masterminded” the “OCCUPY” movement, using Saul Alinsky's “Rules for Radicals” as their template, will NOT be convinced to take up the cause of an “ELITIST” who is changing the rules as they go while picking and choosing winners and losers because…THAT is EXACTLY what THEY were protesting AGAINST in all those parks and public places!!!
And make no mistake…For Obamacare to succeed…Those Liberal/Socialist millennials, who “occupied” to fight FOR class warfare…MUST, by MANDATE of the ELITIST in charge…BE THE LOSERS OF THAT WAR!!!
THROUGH DECADES OF LIBERAL/SOCIALIST DESIGN…THEY ARE THE THE TAKERS…THE VERY GENERATION THAT BELIEVE THEY ARE…ENTITLED…TO BE THE…RECIPIENTS…OF SOCIALISMS REDISTRIBUTION OF WEALTH…But…For Obamacare to succeed…OBAMA HAS MANDATED THAT THEY…THE GIMME, GIMME, GIMME ENTITLEMENT GENERATION…BE THE…PROVIDERS…OF SOCIALISM'S REDISTRIBUTION OF WEALTH!!!
Regardless of the age demographic, Americans across the spectrum are seeing their job prospects dwindle because of Obamacare, seeing their existing jobs vanish because of Obamacare and seeing the existing insurance policies and doctors they HAD and LIKED being CANCELLED and REMOVED while the COST of their NEW and “BETTER” policies go through the ROOF and…Zeke says a “PR” campaign will…
“…persuade a lot of people to sign up???”
Zeke and the socialist collective can throw all the proverbial “crap” at the fan they want to but, the BLOW-BACK is REALITY and can be seen in the Harvard Millennial poll that shows 52% of THE most important demographic to socialist success is now AGAINST Obamacare and, while THAT number is RISING…The num ber of millennials who say they will enroll IN Obamacare…Is at 29% and FALLING.
Liberal/Socialist millennials, the choir to which Zeke must preach and, Conservatives have VERY different reasons for their opposition to Obamacare but, suffice it to say that, trying to propagandize the “occupy” set into supporting a law that is intentionally designed to SCREW them, is pure folly for, it takes FROM them to support OTHERS…Including some of the very corporations seen as eminently distasteful TO them.
Liberal/Socialists are MORE than willing to TAKE what others have, to benefit THEMSELVES but…Asking them to be the ones FROM whom the money to support socialism is TAKEN…
Well…
THAT is when the very demographic required to SUPPORT it becomes…THE FINAL NAIL IN THE OBAMACARE COFFIN!!
First, a little background: The agency that awards these contracts is the Florida Agency for Health Care Administration, or the AHCA. The article doesn't make clear what the AHCA is or who runs it.
The agency manages the state Medicaid program and regulates our state hospitals. The head is appointed by the governor. In March 2011, Rick Scott picked a lackey for this spot named Elizabeth Dudek. Dudek is a vocal supporter of Rick Scott. They feature them on the ACA home page, which no other non-executive agency does. Last year, when Scott came under fire for making up outrageous estimates for Medicaid expansion, (deemed false by Politifact), Dudek pretty much said "F__ my reputation" and supported their bogus numbers with no basis whatsoever.
Under her, patient complaints have grown as hospitals have been allowed to gouge and aggressively bill. (By the way, remember HCA? That was Rick Scott's company involved in the $1.7 billion Medicare fraud where they took the Fifth 75 times. Coincidentally, HCA is now raking in record profits due to turning away patients, aggressive billing, and cutting staff to dysfunctional levels. Well-played.)
But that's not the worst of it. Florida moved Medicaid into so-called “managed care,” which carves up the state into 11 regions where private insurers can compete to serve Medicaid patients in those districts. The article mentions this, but fails to point out this was done under Rick Scott, nor does it mention that the idea was the brain-child of Mr. Fernandez to begin with. In fact, Rick Scott came under fire for taking a $125,000 campaign donation last year from the same Mike Fernandez soon after Rick Scott overhauled Medicaid into these private districts.
Rick Scott wouldn't talk about it, of course:YouTube Video
Since this happened all the way last year, our pathetic media forgot about it. Fast forward one year: one of Mike's companies that they just threw together, Better Health, won THREE contracts from Dudek's AHCA potentially worth billions allowing it to serve three of the larger districts: the Panhandle, Central Florida and South Florida. Another company they own won the right to service HIV and Aids Medicaid patients in 10 out of the 11 districts.
Again, Congratulations Mike!
All of this would be bad enough, but this being Florida, it gets worse. As the article mentions, Better Health, Inc. is a PSN (Provider Service Network), which means it has to be a majority-owned by a health-care provider. Tell me how shady this sounds to you: Fernandez owns 49 percent of this company, and some Coral Gables doctor owns 51 percent!
These shady companies are nothing new under Rick Scott's regime. They are primarily nothing more than conduits for campaign cash for GOP candidates and campaigns. Now, I can't say for certain that Better Health, Inc. is one of these companies, but website doesn't fill me with much confidence. (See below for screen capture.)
As far as I can tell, Fernandez and the doctor are the only employees. You would think one of our news teams would want to look into this. But as it so happens, only Jacksonville's paper even bothered to cover this story and they only picked up the headline of Scott's newly appointed finance director donating a million and getting a windfall in return.
Delving into Mike Fernandez' connections to the new law, details about their shady company, and how the hell it beat out other qualified applicants to get picked---well, you won't find that anywhere.
A competent Attorney General would investigate this. But we have PamBo. A functioning legislature would demand answers. Ours legalized bribery so don't expect much there either.
Spokespeople for the AHCA, Rick Scott, and Mike Fernandez have all made statements that seem pretty well-coordinated. They all talk about how fair this process was; how it was oh so "competitive" ; no "favoritism"; used "objective criteria", and some other catchwords to essentially say move on, nothing to see here. All I can say is, taking them at their word, Better Health, Inc. must have given one heck of a pitch to AHCA.
12:46 PM PT: La Gitane just posted a pic from the website. This is no look good:
This is a guest posting by Simon Knight. Simon Knight works with teams of all shapes and sizes as a test lead, manager & facilitator, helping to deliver great software.
If you've been working as a tester for any length of time, you can't by now have failed to notice the shift towards Continuous Delivery in many projects and organisations. Businesses, project and operations teams all want to try and take advantage of at least some of the perceived benefits of being able to quickly and consistently release new builds to production, ostensibly at the push of a button.
And why wouldn't they? After all, realisation of the Continuous Delivery dream means faster feedback, vastly improved time to market, increased quality and a better customer experience. Though not necessarily in that order.
In the meantime, testers will likely have found that the Continuous Delivery model has a big impact on how they need to approach testing. Development teams have little patience for testing approaches that don't keep up with the pace of delivery, and there's no hunger from the business for lengthy testing phases either.
Receive Popular Monthly Testing & QA Articles Join 34,000 subscribers and receive carefully researched and popular testing & QA articles. Top resources on becoming a better tester, learning new tools and building a team.
Subscribe
We will never share your email. 1-click unsubscribes.
What's All The Fuss About Continuous Delivery?
Developers love the idea of Continuous Delivery mainly because they get much more rapid feedback on their code. When a feature or story is built and checked-in, they will find out very quickly whether they've introduced some kind of issue because of the various layers of testing that will likely have been implemented as part of the build pipeline. Even without automated tests, if a feature is delivered to production quickly, they can get feedback from the live users, and find out what does and doesn't work directly from the customer base.
With faster feedback for developers also comes improved productivity. There's no more waiting around for integration and release testing. That all gets done in the build pipeline. In theory, code can be written, tested locally, reviewed, merged, integration and acceptance tested before it even gets into a testers hands.
The holy-grail is that releases are ultimately made boring by completely automating the build and deploy process from start to finish. Releasing an executable to an environment, be it local, test or production, should be achievable at the click of a button and also be completely hands-off.
Rapid, reliable and high quality releases mean happier customers, which most likely equates to increased revenue for the business. Development and operations teams are justifiably excited by the idea of moving faster and, with support from the business, tend to be the driving forces behind a transition to Continuous Delivery. But with most of the focus on development and operations, it's easy for testers to feel left out in the cold.
Challenges Of Working In A Continuous Delivery Environment
It's not unusual for testers to struggle with the transition to Continuous Delivery. In this brave new world, there's likely to be a strong focus on:
Automating as much of the testing as possible
Delivering features in small chunks, many of them without a user interface to test against
Features being developed in a matter of hours or days, not weeks or months, with little time for planning and preparation
Time to market over perfect software.
These changes in perspective require testers not only to optimise their existing skillset, but to learn some new tricks too. When delivering software continuously, testing needs to be continuous also. It needs to be infused into every stage of the development process, from identifying the story as a business requirement, to figuring out whether or not customers like and are using it once the feature is delivered to the production environment. How do you make your testing continuous? Here are some ideas for you.
Critical Thinking
There is certainly a requirement for strong technical skills when working in a Continuous Delivery environment, but that doesn't mean you won't need some soft skills too. The testers ability to question things and apply critical thinking to requirements, products, practices and processes are all valuable skills.
In a Continuous Delivery world it's all too easy for a tester to fall into the trap of focusing exclusively on the technical considerations (automating all the things!) and forget that what they're actually on the team to do is to think. So when you're working on a Continuous Delivery project, do just that. Think! Think about:
Whether the team is building the right thing in the first place
Whether the business requirements can be captured as executable specifications
Whether you can add value by working with the team to identify and express acceptance criteria, scenarios and examples
Whether processes are working or can be improved
Where the waste is and how it can be removed
How to approach non-functional testing, performance, security, accessibility etc.
What devices, browsers, operating systems and environments the product needs to support and how you can test those
What data and configuration are required across all of the environments in your build pipeline
If you need them, use some tools to help build some creative and problem-solving muscles in your brain. De Bono or Weinberg's books are great places to start!
Effective Communication
And while we're talking about soft skills, we should remember that much of the testers job (and indeed everybody's job) relies upon effective communication. As a tester you should be confident discussing bugs and issues directly with either individuals or the team, since logging bugs in a tracking system is basically a form of waste. Bugs are either things that should get fixed immediately or stories that should be added to the backlog so that they can unlock additional value for the customer in the future.
But your team doesn't just want to know about bugs. You should be able to tell the story of your testing to them during planning, grooming and stand-up meetings. Tell your team:
What you want to do
How you want to do it
What problems you think you might face
If you can express your plan for the testing as a narrative, you'll find your team engages with both you and it better (people love stories!). Side effects of a better engaged team include more support both technically in the form of more testable products, and swarming behaviour on the testing tasks when you simply need more bodies on the ground.
A Layered Test Strategy
In addition to talking about bugs and the test plan, you need to discuss how you're going to build quality into the entire development process with your team. In the Continuous Delivery world you should be thinking about layering your testing so that it's focused on different levels of architecture and functionality. Consider discussing a model like the one below with your team:
Exploratory testing
Automated user acceptance testing
Automated integration testing
Unit testing
Now think about how you're going to support your team in accomplishing this model. Do you need to work on your programming skills in order to learn how to write the necessary code to implement all of the automated tests? Or do you just need to focus on what the test infrastructure will look like and the various abstractions it will need to contain? Perhaps rather than diving into the code you can support your team by helping to identify tests that will provide the kind of coverage you're looking for.
And while we're on the subject – coverage is an important topic! Do you need code and branch coverage? Feature coverage? End-to-end test coverage? Integration coverage? Unit and component coverage? Regression coverage? What about security and performance coverage? And cross browser and device coverage? As the testing expert you should be thinking about the tests your team will need, in order to deliver the kind of quality your customer expects.
Keeping the big picture in mind of the complete product solution will prove valuable over time as your developers get focused on the day-to-day business of rapidly delivering features and stories.
Exploratory Testing
Moving away from the technology facing automated tests, much further up the testing pyramid we have the business facing exploratory tests. Now probably I could write an entire book about what those might entail, but for now let's keep it simple. When working in a Continuous Delivery environment we want to try and keep our tests as lean as possible. Exploratory Testing is ideal for this, but still we need some way of managing the process so that, if necessary, other members of the team can pick the tests up.
A way that we can achieve this is by using a Session Based approach (PDF by Elisabeth Hendrickson) to managing the exploratory tests. Defining the scope of the testing we want to do up-front as a kind of mission statement, or *charter* in Session Based Testing terminology. That charter might consist of a set of ideas, or heuristics, or it might take the form of a tour with an itinerary or set of landmarks to visit with some associated resources that may be helpful for the journey. Or it might take the form of a persona based test that focuses on the needs and objectives of a specific user.
Ultimately how you define your exploratory tests is up to you so long as you bear in mind the following key principles that will help you in a Continuous Delivery context:
Keep the tests lean
Timebox them
Provide enough information in the mission statement or charter for someone else to pick them up if necessary
Document the outcome of your testing
Test Coaching & Testing Tools
If you are technically inclined, there's still no need to dive right into the code. You can pair with your developers and help them to investigate the code they're writing as it's being created. Coach them towards taking a Test Driven approach to developing their code. Help them to identify edge cases and scenarios. Steer them towards implementing a Behaviour or Acceptance Test Driven Development (BDD/ATDD) approach by working closely or pairing directly with them.
When you're not coaching you can be researching and implementing tools to make exploratory testing faster, easier and more effective. Or you can research and experiment with agile testing tools such as TestRail to help you manage testing across the entire team or organisation. Tools to help you interrogate and exercise your system. Automated scanners to identify flaws and vulnerabilities in your solution. Tools to help you investigate usability, accessibility, portability, deployability and any other ility's you can think of! Become an expert in supporting your team with testing solutions the developers didn't think of yet.
If you think you've got the chops for it, then by all means start writing some code. You can help the team with automating the tests at any level once you've got some coding skills. Not only that but you can add some value to the review process as well. Assuming there is one. And if there isn't – well, what's to stop you from reading the code anyway?
Focus On The Benefits
As I mentioned earlier, it's been my experience that testers struggle when trying to adopt the Continuous Delivery worldview. Particularly when coming from a more waterfall style background. Rather than focus on the specific skills that the Continuous Delivery model demands, I find it helpful to focus on the benefits Continuous Delivery is intended to deliver:
Accelerated time to market
Build the right product
Improved productivity and efficiency
Reliable builds
Improved quality
Improved customer satisfaction
I use the benefits as a set of heuristics to help guide my thinking and decision making. As a team, if we're falling over in one of those areas, what can I do to help? Normally, some combination of the techniques I've discussed above goes a long way towards identifying a solution.
PS: Have you found this article useful? We publish a new relevant testing & QA related article every few weeks, including on topics such as building a great testing team, improving your testing career, leveling up your testing skills & boosting your team's testing efforts. Make sure to subscribe below via email and follow-us on Twitter! You might also enjoy the following articles:
Comments
September 16, 2013 at 7:37 AM
Every time I walk over to Dick's Drive-In on Capitol Hill, I have a mass craving for this:
And every time I order something, my eyes fixate on this recruitment sign:
Flipping burgers and making shakes pays $10 an hour to start? Merit raises? Employer-paid insurance? Up to $8,000 for child care or college tuition? A 401(k) retirement program with employer match? Paid time for volunteer service? Up to three weeks paid vacation?
Yes, it's true. Minimum requirements must be met, but every one of those benefits is available to the 180 employees who work for Dick's Drive-In. Since the first restaurant opened in January 1954, tens of thousands of workers have started their careers in one of the chain's six Seattle-area locations.
As local fast-food workers join a nationwide movement for a $15 minimum wage, Dick's approach is a much more realistic, time-tested model for local businesses to emulate. Mandating a massive increase from Washington's current minimum wage of $9.19 is too much, too fast for the small restaurants that are hiring inexperienced employees.
So how exactly is Dick's able to offer more than the minimum wage and a plethora of benefits when its menu charges no more than $2.70 per item?
Jim Spady, the restaurant namesake's son, company vice president and legal counsel, has surprisingly simple answers based on their dad's business philosophy. (Dick is turning 90 next month and remains president of the company.)
“Among their special rules is you should make decisions for the long run so long as you can survive in the short run. The No. 1 job of a business is to make a profit. If you don't, it's not worth anything. No. 2 thing is to take care of your people. They're the key to success,” they said. “So once you've taken care of your people and you're making a profit, you should make an investment in your community. And if you have a healthy community, you'll have a good business in the long run.”
Though they took short-term risks at first, Spady says the original partners adopted the long-term approach of buying rather than leasing property to avoid fluctuating rent. Since Dick's is still a private, family-owned company, they can be flexible with perks.
“You want the best employees? You should expect the best benefits. Both of my parents were the first in their extended families to go to college, so they've been pro-education since,” Jim Spady says, adding Dick's is the very definition of a “transitional employer” where the vast majority of workers start with no experience and end up going to work somewhere else.
I asked Spady about the recent fast-food strikes. They said the “living wage” movement is well-intentioned, but he's concerned it will hurt smaller businesses that are still at risk and susceptible to fail because they have less capital and experience with the fluctuating market. Regulations are necessary, but undue burdens will hurt more than help.
“The way to improve the wages of the poorest people is to encourage them to upgrade their skills, not to pass a law that requires we pay X dollars an hour,” Spady says. “Governments can pass laws, but they can never repeal the law of supply and demand. So if you force law abiding businesses to pay more, they will — or they will automate their processes so they use way less labor. Or both. And the people they do hire will be the people who are best in that group. So what these high minimum wage laws do is they help a few people get better wages, but a lot of current people will lose their jobs.”
Upward mobility. That's the key issue every business and every employee must think about in today's labor market.
Dick's Drive-In may seem like an anomaly in a fast-food world dominated by corporate franchises, but every business owner should take a page or two out of Dick Spady's rulebook. It's worked for nearly 60 years.
Update 1:25 p.m.: The recruitment sign in the photo below is a bit confusing because it says employees can receive between $3,000 to $8,000 for “tuition/childcare.” Dick's Drive-In spokesperson Carrie Shaw clarified that scholarships are awarded up to $22,000 over four years to employees who are in school and working at least 20 hours per week for at least six months. Here's a link to the company's employee benefit page.
Free food alert!
Dietz & Watson (which is based out of the Tacony section of Philadelphia!) and Jason Kelce of the Philadelphia Eagles are teaming up to give Philadelphians free lunch today, June 13 from 11:30 a.m to 1:30 p.m. rain or shine.
Stop by Rittenhouse Square for freshly-grilled hot dogs and sausages from Dietz & Watson's new line of chicken sausages.
Jason Kelce and Ruth “Momma” Dietz Eni will be manning the grill at the afternoon cookout to ensure your dogs are cooked to perfection.
In addition to free food, guests are encouraged to have their photo taken with Kelce and take part in much summertime lawn games like cornhole.
Sounds like lunch plans to us!
Free Hot Dogs and Sausages in Rittenhouse Square
When: Friday, June 13, 11:30 a.m.-1:30 p.m. rain or shine
Where: Rittenhouse Square, 18th and Walnut streets
Cost: Free
More info: www.facebook.com/DietzandWatson
Introduction
I'd like to start with taking a moment to introduce yourself and the work that Hi-Rez has done in the past prior to the development of Tribes: Ascend.
My name is Todd Harris and I've been at Hi-Rez since 2005 when we founded the studio. We tend to specialize in competitive online multiplayer games since we really enjoy that genre.
Our first title was a sci-fi, third-person shooter MMO called Global Agenda. Within Global Agenda every player has a jetpack so Tribes was definitely an inspiration. When it came time to start a second project we looked into acquiring the Tribes IP. And fortunately, in October of 2010, we were able to buy the rights to Tribes and start developing Tribes: Ascend.
The Tribes community is very passionate about this franchise and especially about the ‘feel' of the gameplay and the overall mechanics. One of the criticisms that the player base of Tribes: Vengeance were the changes to the ‘feel' of the game. What is Hi-Rez doing to keep the original style and play intact?
The ‘feel' is critical. But T1, T2, and T:V all have a slightly different feel. We've tried to learn from each of those games and also be responsive to the community playing Tribes: Ascend. We've been tweaking physics variables around speed, friction, jet pack impulse, and maneuverability throughout Alpha and early Closed Beta. Right now, based on our player surveys we are in a great place in terms of feel.
I've heard some younger players refer to Tribes: Ascend as a Halo clone.. How would you respond to these comments?
Learn your history n00b, Tribes came first!
The ODG community primarily consists of military veterans and active duty soldiers who are very competitive. Are there any plans for forming a Tribes league or clan matching system to establish community rankings or something similar planned?
Definitely. We really want to support the competitive community within Tribes: Ascend. We are starting with the Pub experience so we can introduce over a million people to the basic gameplay. But we will soon be introducing Ranked servers. After that we will introduce Private Servers that allow custom game settings – server flags basically. So if you want a more competitive experience you could configure certain rules on a Private server – for example no health regen or no load-out switching without an active generator.
We are aware that T:A will be supporting a F2P model with credits being won in-game as well as achievements. For the in-game credits – do they carry over match to match? Can you provide insight in what we can expect on how they can be used?
What we call credits do not carry over from match to match. Those are earned in a match and spent within that same match to purchase vehicles, or upgrade base defenses like Generators and Base Turrets, or certain call-ins.
We do have Tribes Points as well as Character XP and these both carry over from match to match. Character XP allows you to unlock skills and perks for your class. Tribe Points allow you to unlock other playable classes.
Achievements are quite cool by themselves; however, are they any other added benefits to attaining them planned such as perhaps credits that can be used to purchase items, classes, etc.?
Our Accolade system awards in-match accomplishments such as picking up the flag, taking out the enemy generator, repairing items, or landing a mid-air with your Spinfusor. Accolades do give you additional credits to spend within that match.
The current gameplay footage showed some really awesome combat and feel of T:A. One item we've not seen yet is the command map. Thinking back to the previous version of Tribes, the command map had some value providing the ability to point out areas to request deployable to be placed or allowed a player to manually take control of a turret. What can we expect from Tribes: Ascend in this area?
A command map would be a solid addition to Tribes: Ascend. It is on our roadmap but not planned before we release.
Vehicular combat in Tribes was one area that really got my attention for the first time in any online game. I've read that the Shrike, Gravcycle, and Beowulf will be part of the game. Are there any plans to add some of the other classics like the Jericho Mobile Point Base, Thundersword Bomber, or the HAVOC Gunship?
We plan to release with the current vehicles – Shrike, Gravcycle, and Beowulf. But then to introduce new vehicles after release.
In Tribes 1 and 2, there were extensive mods produced; the Havoc mod being a personal favorite of mine for Tribes 1. Can you comment on the future of ‘modding' for T:A?
Right now the development team is focused on releasing a fun, balanced, and well-polished game. We will then keep a live team on T:A to deliver new maps, gametypes, and playable classes post-release. After that we will consider support for community map making or modding.
Is there anything else you'd like to say to the ODG community before we close?
ODG community – Here are some beta keys!!! If you want a break from hide & seek tactical shooters, jump online and get an adrenaline rush with Tribes: Ascend!
Beta Code Giveaway
For those of you that want to check out what all the excitement is all about Hi-Rez has provided ODG some beta keys to get into the action.
To get your key:
Simply comment on this article and tell us what you loved most about your favorite Tribes game in the past and what you hope to see from this upcoming edition. Hang out and check back… we'll reach out and award the best comments with a beta key so you can start trying out Tribes:Ascend right away!
Final Report
Well there you have it! Having been playing the Tribes: Ascend beta myself AND as a veteran player of the whole Tribes franchise over the years, I have to say that this latest incarnation is shaping up very nicely. That matches have been very fast and frenetic – the speed of the game play is outstanding and a great breath of fresh air in the FPS genre. For those that have not had a chance to try this game before and want to check it out early take a look below!
The secret ledgers kept by former Popular Party (PP) treasurer Luis Bárcenas show a large deposit made in 1999 by one of the main figures in the Gürtel case, a major kickbacks-for-contracts network. The 21 million pesetas (126,000 euros) were handed to Bárcenas by Pablo Crespo, then organization secretary for the Galician PP.
Although national PP leaders have denied the veracity of the secret accounts maintained by Bárcenas - themselves implicated in the Gürtel case - and published by EL PAÍS, that 21-million-peseta deposit coincides exactly with an item in the Galician PP's accounting, which police found in a safe deposit box when Crespo was arrested in 2009.
These seized documents show a note dated May 1999 that said "21,000,000. National headquarters. Payment outstanding debt." That same amount was recorded by Bárcenas in May 1999 under the note: "P. Crespo. 21,000,000."Besides this item, Bárcenas' secret ledgers show numerous donations, mostly by construction tycoons, that violated party finance law - either because they went over the limit or because they came from individuals or businesses that were banned from being donors.
From 1997 to 2008, the ledgers also show that much of this incoming money was later used for payouts to PP leaders, including prime Minister Mariano Rajoy, who allegedly accepted them as undeclared bonuses aside from their official salaries.
The conservative party was holding an emergency meeting on Friday to try to find a common strategy to stem the growing suspicion regarding the likelihood of illegal party financing.In 2009, while they were in prison over the Gürtel case, Crespo talked to their lawyer about the scandal there would be if news of the Galician PP's accounts ever came to light.
They asked when illegal party financing crimes expired, and their lawyer replied that it was 10 years.In its report to the judge, the police wrote that "the funds destined for the payment generated by that political group come from resources outside financial circuits, and might come from third parties who are financing the party's events with money outside economic circuits."
Winda will save us from this evil.
11/02/17 Rulings
Q: My opponent's El Shaddoll Winda is face-up in the Extra Monster Zone. In this situation, can I Special Summon a Grinder Golem from my hand with its Summoning procedure?
A: The procedure for Special Summoning Grinder Golem is to Special Summon 2 Grinder Tokens on your field, then Special Summon Grinder Golem from your hand to your opponent's field. While the effect of El Shaddoll Winda is applying, each player can only Special Summon once per turn, so in this scenario Grinder Golem cannot be Special Summoned.
Source: https://www.db.yugioh-card.com/yugiohdb/faq_search.action?ope=5&fid=9801&keyword=&tag=-1
Q: Summon Limit is face-up in my opponent's Spell & Trap Zone. In this situation, can I Special Summon a Grinder Golem from my hand with its Summoning procedure?
A: The procedure for Special Summoning Grinder Golem is to Special Summon 2 Grinder Tokens on your field, then Special Summon Grinder Golem from your hand to your opponent's field. In this scenario, if you have not Normal, Flip, or Special Summoned any monsters previously this turn, you can Special Summon Grinder Golem. If you did Summon a monster this turn, you cannot Special Summon Grinder Golem.
Source: https://www.db.yugioh-card.com/yugiohdb/faq_search.action?ope=5&fid=10426&keyword=&tag=-1
Q: Necrovalley is face-up in my opponent's Field Zone. In this situation, if I activate the second effect of Altergeist Marionetter, targeting an Altergeist Camouflage in my Spell & Trap Zone and Altergeist Silquitous in the Graveyard, what happens?
A: The effect of Altergeist Marionetter, which sends the targeted “Altergeist” card on the field to the Graveyard and Special Summons the other targeted “Altergeist” monster from the Graveyard, is an effect that would be applied to a card in the Graveyard, so it is negated by the effect of Necrovalley. (In this scenario, the targeted Altergeist Camouflage on the field is not sent to the Graveyard.)
Source: https://www.db.yugioh-card.com/yugiohdb/faq_search.action?ope=5&fid=8340&keyword=&tag=-1
Q: Necrovalley is face-up in my opponent's Field Zone, also Altergeist Protocol is face-up in my Spell & Trap Zone. In this situation, if I activate the second effect of Altergeist Marionetter, targeting Altergeist Protocol on the field and Altergeist Hextia in the Graveyard, what happens?
A: In this scenario, since the effect of Altergeist Protocol is applying, the effect of Altergeist Marionetter will not be negated by Necrovalley. However, since the targeted Altergeist Protocol is sent to the Graveyard when resolving the effect of Altergeist Marionetter, its effect stops applying, and Altergeist Hextia cannot be Special Summoned due to the effect of Necrovalley.
Note that if this scenario occurred with Altergeist Marionetter being targeted with its own effect, so that Altergeist Protocol remained on the field throughout the resolution of the effect, the effect of Altergeist Marionetter resolves normally.
Source: https://www.db.yugioh-card.com/yugiohdb/faq_search.action?ope=5&fid=14915&keyword=&tag=-1
Q: Decode Talker and Encode Talker are in my Monster Zone, and the “●” effects of a Fire Prison in the Field Zone are applied. In this situation, if I take battle damage and activate the effect of an Interrupt Resistor in my hand, will it be negated by the effect of Fire Prison?
A: The effect of Fire Prison negates the activated effects of Cyberse-Type monsters, including on the field, in the hand or Graveyard, etc. Therefore, in this scenario, the effect of Interrupt Resistor is negated. (The Interrupt Resistor whose effect was negated remains in your hand.)
Source: https://www.db.yugioh-card.com/yugiohdb/faq_search.action?ope=5&fid=9614&keyword=&tag=-1
Q: If there are no available Main Monster Zones on my opponent's field, can I activate the effect of Euler's Circuit that gives my opponent control of a “Tindangle” monster on my field?
A: The effect of Euler's Circuit that gives your opponent control of a “Tindangle” monster on your field cannot be activated if your opponent has no available Main Monster Zones. Furthermore, when resolving that effect of Euler's Circuit, if your opponent has no available Main Monster Zones, the targeted “Tindangle” monster cannot change control and it is destroyed. (That monster is not treated as being destroyed by a card effect, so even if the destroyed monster is Tindangle Hound, its effect that activates when it is destroyed by battle or card effect cannot be activated.)
Source: https://www.db.yugioh-card.com/yugiohdb/faq_search.action?ope=5&fid=10630&keyword=&tag=-1
Q: During my Battle Phase, I activate Rebellion and take control of my opponent's Firewall Dragon. When I declare an attack with that Firewall Dragon, my opponent activates Cynet Refresh and destroys all monsters in the Main Monster Zones. What happens to the effect of Cynet Refresh during the End Phase if I then activate Zombie World during Main Phase 2?
A: In this scenario, when the effect of Zombie World is applied, all monsters on the field and in the Graveyard will become Zombie-Type, including the destroyed Firewall Dragon. In this case, the part of the effect of Cynet Refresh that Special Summons monsters from the Graveyard is not applied.
Source: https://www.db.yugioh-card.com/yugiohdb/faq_search.action?ope=5&fid=6647&keyword=&tag=-1
Q: I activate Altergeist Materialization, targeting an Altergeist Hextia in my Graveyard. If I chain the effect of Altergeist Silquitous, can I return that Altergeist Materialization to my hand as the cost?
A: Altergeist Materialization is a Normal Trap Card, but by its effect it will become an Equip Card and remain face-up on the field. Therefore, if you chain the effect of Altergeist Silquitous to Altergeist Materialization, you can return that Altergeist Materialization to your hand as the cost. When Altergeist Materialization resolves, the targeted monster (Altergeist Hextia in this scenario) is Special Summoned, but cannot be equipped. (Also, by the time the monster is Special Summoned, since Altergeist Materialization has already left the field, its effect that destroys the equipped monster when it leaves the field is not be applied.)
Source: https://www.db.yugioh-card.com/yugiohdb/faq_search.action?ope=5&fid=10105&keyword=&tag=-1
Q: When my opponent activates a monster effect as Chain Link 1, I chain a Set Magical Burst. In this case, will a Spell Counter be placed on Magical Burst?
A: In this scenario, since the opponent's monster effect already activated, a Spell Counter is not placed on Magical Burst if it was chained. (If your opponent activates another monster effect after Magical Burst resolves, it will gain a Spell Counter.)
Source: https://www.db.yugioh-card.com/yugiohdb/faq_search.action?ope=5&fid=11313&keyword=&tag=-1
Q: I activate a Magical Burst that was Set in my Spell & Trap Zone. At this time, can I chain Magical Boost and place up to 2 Spell Counters on Magical Burst?
A: Once Magical Burst has resolved, it will be treated as a card that can have Spell Counters on it. Therefore, in this scenario, if you chain Magical Boost to the activation of Magical Burst, you cannot target Magical Burst. (If there are no other cards on the field that can have Spell Counters on them, Magical Boost cannot be activated.)
Source: https://www.db.yugioh-card.com/yugiohdb/faq_search.action?ope=5&fid=14130&keyword=&tag=-1
And if that was not troubling enough to blacks, Mr. Trump's call to restore the country's greatness can sound to African-American ears as if they are nostalgic for a time before a black family was in the White House. They also initially refused to denounce David Duke, the former Ku Klux Klan leader who has expressed support for Mr. Trump, and has never expounded on Mr. Duke's bigotry beyond dismissively saying that they “disavows” him.
Then there are Mr. Trump's heated rallies, in which the candidate has encouraged rough treatment of minority protesters, their attacks on the Black Lives Matter movement and their recognition in June of a black supporter, in a sea of white faces, as “my African-American.”
“We've never seen numbers this bad for someone at the top of the ticket,” said Cornell Belcher, a Democratic strategist. “This is much deeper than simply not agreeing with Donald Trump on the issues. This is a much deeper rejection of him.”
Making matters worse, Mr. Trump has demonstrated little appetite to go outside their comfort zone. The encounters they have had with blacks have largely been confined to meetings at Trump Tower. And when Ms. Manigault and other Trump advisers have tried to have them speak to influential black audiences, their efforts have been rejected.
In recent interactions with predominantly black and Hispanic organizations — some of which typically receive presidential candidates of both parties every four years — the Trump campaign has either not responded to requests for them to appear or has waited until shortly before the events to say they would not be attending.
It took almost seven months for the N.A.A.C.P. to get a “no” from the Trump campaign in response to an invitation to speak at the group's annual convention in July. Five days before its start, a campaign official emailed to say that Mr. Trump had a scheduling conflict.
Image copyright Picasa Image caption Gordon Welchman's biographer said their contribution to Bletchley Park was "fundamental to its success"
Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher was warned a World War Two codebreaker had become a security threat 40 years after their "influential" work.
Gordon Welchman's team at Bletchley Park improved the machine that broke the Enigma code, widely credited as shortening the war by two years.
Newly released papers show that in 1982 Mrs Thatcher was told of the threat when Mr Welchman wrote a book.
The Hut Six Story included details that were "still classified", they were told.
Cabinet secretary Sir Robert Armstrong's memo to the Tory leader is among documents that have been given to the Bletchley Park Trust after being held in Mr Welchman's son's attic for 26 years.
"The book goes into very considerable technical detail about the method developed for this work," Sir Robert said.
Image copyright Bletchley Park Trust Image caption A memo from Cabinet Secretary Sir Robert Armstrong to Margaret Thatcher in 1982, warning them of perceived security fears about Welchman's book
Mr Welchman, who died in 1985, devised a system to deal with thousands of messages a day encrypted by the German Enigma machine.
The Cambridge graduate saw that the Bombe code-breaking machine needed enhancing and drew up a production line system which became the centre's wartime working model.
Their biographer, Dr Joel Greenberg, said this had been "revolutionary" and made them one of the centre's "most important figures".
In 1941, Mr Welchman and four other men known as The Wicked Uncles - including Alan Turing - personally delivered an influential letter to Prime Minister Sir Winston Churchill asking for more resources for Bletchley Park.
Mr Welchman then became the head of Hut Six, which was responsible for breaking German Army and Air Force Enigma ciphers, and was the first to detail the work of the codebreakers in their 1982 book.
Image copyright Bletchley Park Trust Image caption A 1948 letter from GCHQ director Sir Edward Travis shows their appreciation for Gordon Welchman's "outstanding" contribution to World War Two codebreaking
The book was not banned but Mr Welchman lost their US security clearance and was forbidden to discuss their book or their wartime work, with the media.
Three years after its publication, a letter was sent from GCHQ Director Sir Peter Marychurch accusing Mr Welchman of damaging security.
The trust said the documents and possessions would help tell the story of a man whose work was "crucial" to Bletchley Park's success but of which "most people have never heard".
Mr Welchman's daughter said: "I was unable to throw away almost anything relating to my father and I'm enormously grateful that someone else was interested in him."
Many students don't even want a college e-mail address these days because they already have well-established digital identities before they arrive on campus. That's the conclusion that officials at Boston College came to in a recent review of their online services. So the college recently decided to stop offering full e-mail accounts to incoming students starting next fall.
Instead of a standard college e-mail account, next year's freshmen will be offered an e-mail-forwarding service that will pass along messages to whatever personal e-mail account a student specifies, said Mary C. Corcoran, associate vice president for user and support services at the college. A student named John Smith might be given the address johnsmith@bc.edu, for instance, but the address will simply pass any incoming mail along to Mr. Smith's Google mailbox, or to their Microsoft Hotmail, or to any other account the student might already have. The college currently runs such a forwarding service for alumni.
“Students weren't really using the Boston College accounts as much as we would like them to,” said Ms. Corcoran. “It just becomes one more thing for them to check because their life is somewhere else.”
College officials looked into outsourcing their e-mail to Google or to Microsoft as many other colleges and universities have. Both companies offer such services free to colleges, hoping to hook students on their systems. But Ms. Corcoran said they decided against signing a deal with Google or Microsoft.
“We heard that the contracts were incredibly difficult to negotiate,” said Ms. Corcoran. “Some colleges were in negotiations for a couple of years.” The college also worried about the long-term implications. “At some point, who knows, they could start charging us,” they said.
And this way, the students get to pick which service they want to use for their e-mail, they said.
They said they don't know of another college that has taken the e-mail-forwarding strategy with its students. —Jeffrey R. Young
ROCKVILLE, Md. (MarketWatch) — Wall Street abounds with “Obamanomics” critics, and Main Street made clear its discontent with the president's policies in the midterm elections last November.
But detractors of President Barack Obama should remember one thing — Wall Street has been booming under this president. Since Obama took office on Jan. 20, 2009, the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.13% is up about 48%, the S&P 500 Index SPX, -0.08% is up 60% and the tech-focused Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, -0.07% is up 90%.
Of course, it's worth noting that there was plenty of room for improvement after the market meltdown before Obama took office. The broader stock market is only now struggling back to levels seen in the summer of 2008.
So is it just a trick of timing, with America buying into Obama at the bottom? Or has they actually helped investors and the economy in ways they don't get credit for? Let's take a look at the numbers across five crucial sectors touched by the president's policies and see for ourselves.
Good for financials
Some folks may not remember the Troubled Asset Relief Program was actually signed into law a month before Election Day in 2008. Obama and their economic team have held watch over the financial sector and TARP over the past two years, but in many respects were playing with a hand they were dealt by the previous administration.
So how has the group done? Well, from a shareholder perspective, they have done well by the financial sector. Bank of America Corp. BAC, +0.07% stock has doubled since Jan. 20, 2009, as has Goldman Sachs Group Inc. GS, +0.13% Wells Fargo & Co. WFC, -0.14% is up even more, 138%, and J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. JPM, -0.76% is up 150%. Citigroup lags these, but its 83% gains almost double the returns for the Dow Jones — an index it was removed from amid the financial crisis.
It's worth noting that some attribute recent strength in the sector to the blunting of the president's power, however, as Republicans have taken control of the House. But regardless of intentions or politics, the fact is that bank stocks have had a market-beating run for the last two years — and after a rally in the sector to close 2010, it appears financials are looking to build on that momentum in 2011.
Mixed on health care
Health care is perhaps the only industry that “missed” the Great Recession. Though economic troubles in 2008 and 2009 slowed growth in health-care spending, the industry did continue to grow overall and become an even larger part of the American economic engine.
But as Obama pushed through their landmark health-care-reform bill, many fretted the move would monkey with a free-market health-care system that has seen big growth lately. That, and add crippling debt to an already fragile U.S. balance sheet.
So what's the score with health care? Well big pharma has really been hurting — but that's more the fault of expiring patents and generic competition than anything the president has done. Pfizer Inc. PFE, -0.14% Merck & Co. MRK, +0.45% and other drug majors finished 2010 worse than they started and showed anemic growth in 2009. On the other side of the coin, the boom of some small-cap biotechs like Alexion Pharmaceuticals Inc. ALXN, +0.09% is driven by innovative treatments or Food and Drug Administration approvals rather than the guiding hand of the administration.
But as for insurers UnitedHealth Group UNH, -0.61% and WellPoint Inc. WLP both have seen market-beating returns north of 71% since Obama took office and were on the front lines of Obama's landmark health-care reform. Still it's not a clear stamp of approval, since other major insurers Aetna Inc. AET, +3.57% and Aflac Inc. AFL, -0.10% have both underperformed the market slightly since 2009.
The takeaway? Just like Obama's health-care policies overall, we'll need some more time to figure things out. It's a mixed bag right now for health-care stocks and success or failure seems to depend more on the company itself than politics. But at the very least, it appears Obama's health reforms took the Hippocratic oath to heart by first doing no harm to the state of health-care stocks.
Great for gold and metals
No surprise here for any of you gold bugs, but the last two years have been quite good for precious metals. The Federal Reserve's policy of easy money and big U.S. debt are weighing on the dollar, and the prospect of commodity inflation is rearing its ugly head. Coupled with investor appetite for hard assets and the budding stages of economic recovery boosting demand for industrial metals like copper and steel, it's likely we haven't seen the end of the rally in metals and mining.
At home, aluminum giant Alcoa Inc. AA, +0.23% has nearly doubled since the inauguration, and United States Steel Corp. X, -0.17% is up 85%. Among foreign heavyweights in the commodity space, Southern Copper Corp. SCCO, -0.24% is up 240%, and Brazil steel giant Companhia Siderurgica Nacion SID, +0.00% is up 180%.
And let's not forget that gold as an investment itself is up about 60% since Obama took office, and silver is up almost 150%. Of course, whether or not your typical gold investor is a card-carrying Democrat or happy with the direction of the country is a separate conversation. From an investing point of view, these folks should be happy with the performance of their gold investments. Read five reason silver glitters more than gold on InvestorPlace.com.
Good for big oil
With gas prices creeping up on $4 a gallon again, it's no surprise that big oil has enjoyed a nice run since Obama took office.
Strangely enough, the only laggard truly sitting out the party is Exxon Mobil Corp. XOM, +0.20% — tallying a less than 10% gain. ConocoPhillips COP, -0.48% Hess Corp. HES, +0.26% , and Marathon Oil Corp. MRO, -0.90% are all up more than 60%, and oil service stocks Schlumberger Ltd SLB, -1.07% and Halliburton Co. HAL, -0.66% have both seen gains of nearly 150%.
And despite fears of off-shore drilling becoming off limits in the wake of the Deepwater Horizon spill in the Gulf, it appears the administration is softening language on the issue. But again, that probably has a lot to do with a change of leadership in the House and a need for a bipartisan bargaining chip. Read why $5 gas could be coming to pump near you on InvestorPlace.com.
Good for housing stocks
Depending on your local real-estate market, you may think that housing is still in a free fall. But judging by housing-related investments, it's been a very good two years under Obama.
While there are some ramshackle stocks in the sector — like PulteGroup Inc. PHM, -0.44% that may never turn a profit again if the past several quarters are any indication — the broader swath of equities related to the housing market have rallied nicely. Take the diversified SPDR S&P Home builders ETF XHB, -0.54% up about 75% since Obama took office. Or big builders Lennar Corp. LEN, -0.36% up 130%, and D.R. Horton Inc. DHI, -0.47% up more than 210% in the same period. Then there are suppliers like Home Depot Inc. HD, -0.88% up 75% or USG Corp. USG, +0.07% which has doubled in the period.
Many homeowners may be hurting and the Obama loan-workout program was largely unused by underwater homeowners and banks, but housing-related stocks certainly aren't struggling. Read about the best stocks under $7 on InvestorPlace.com.
Can Obama claim credit for the boom?
In short, probably not. But it's hard to argue that they haven't had a hand in Wall Street's recovery. While some of the gains are indeed a trick of timing — Obama took up residence the White House less than two months before the market's lowest point during the Great Recession — the president has managed to keep these five key sectors humming along even amid major policy changes. That indicates that they have done a decent job of balancing their agenda with a need to get the economy back on track, or at least not gumming up the works.
Detractors will contend that we should consider ourselves lucky Obama didn't accomplish as much as they intended — a single-payer health-care system, for instance, or the prospect of a “Volcker rule” that would kill prop trading altogether. These actions could have upset the market and prevented any of the asupervisorstioned gains. What's more, perhaps the biggest reason for strength in the market lately has been the Republican seizure of power in the House just a few months ago.
But whether you think the market has been booming in spite of Obama's leadership or because of it, the numbers show it has been a very good two years for investors of all stripes. Whether the next two years are as kind to Wall Street is a different story — and could have a lot to say about whether the president is granted a second term.
This site was dedicated to providing information about California menu labeling law (SB 1420), the first phase of which took effect on July 1, 2009. Unfortunately, all the detailed requirements outlined in SB 1420 were repealed by SB 20 which was signed by Governor Brown on October 2, 2011 and which became effective on January 1, 2012. This law authorizes a local enforcement agency to enforce the federal menu labeling requirements once the federal regulations are adopted and a compliance date is set. The 2009 federal health care initiative (PPACA) included provisions for nationwide menu labeling requirements. Language in the initiative preempts local and state menu labeling laws, including SB 1420.
Here are some useful links:
Summary of AB 20https://sites.google.com/a/levitas.com/nutrition/
According to a recent article in the WSJ, the law could be finalized by the end of the year [2013]
As of January 1, 2010 the law required that large restaurant chains with 20 or more locations in California disclosure calorie information only for each standard menu item directly on the menu if the restaurant has a menu, or on the indoor menu board if that is used, or on display tags if those are used in lieu of a menu or indoor menu board. For chain restaurants that have a drive-through area and use a menu board, they must disclose calories, grams of carbohydrates, grams of saturated fat and miligrams of sodium on a brochure that is available upon request.
Here are some useful links directly related to the bill:
Here are some other useful links related to chain menu nutrition labeling:
Introduction
Since its beginnings in the Enlightenment era, libertarianism has been a cosmopolitan ideology. Yet, some people in the libertarian camp have made calls to “secure the border” or to restrict immigration for other reasons, like keeping out people they worry will undermine the cultural foundations of liberty. Today, I'm going to offer a broad overview of immigration policy from a libertarian perspective. First, I will offer several libertarian arguments for open borders. These are the economic gains open borders make possible, the institutional benefits open borders create, and respect for people's right to free association. Second, I will discuss two objections against open borders commonly raised by critics. These are the question of whether the government should pick and choose, allowing in only beneficial immigrants, and a concern about the effects that open borders would have in concert with the welfare state. After dealing with those specific objections, I will point out some flaws common to those and other objections to free immigration.
The Case for Open Borders
Economic Benefits
Essentially, borders are barriers to trade. Imagine if tomorrow the government declared that to travel or move goods from North Dakota to South Dakota, you had to go through a customs station, show documentation, answer questions, etc. just like you would have to do to travel from New York to Ontario or Montana to Alberta. There would be a lot less travel and commerce between North and South Dakota, right? And both States would be poorer as a result! That thought experiment suggests that existing border controls are doing a lot of economic damage. Some economists have projected that allowing free immigration to any country could, as a median estimation, double world GDP. The more potential trading partners you have, the greater the potential gains from trade. Allowing people to gather where they wish is a way to facilitate realizing those gains.
Institutional Benefits
What can be done to spread freedom around the world? One answer is to make different governments compete for citizens. States with private property protections, low taxes, and something like the rule of law are more attractive places to live than places that lack those institutions. When people leave the jurisdictions of bad governments, it deprives those governments of material support. That only works, though, if other countries are willing to take in the people who have left.
Freedom of Association
One of the fundamental rights all humans have is the right to associate, or not, with whomever they choose. Immigration controls infringe on that right. If you want to meet your friend for coffee, you have a right to do that so long as you do not violate anyone else's rights in the process. Crossing an international border does not harm anyone's person or property, so it is a protected action. Preventing you from crossing the border to see your friend, or preventing them from coming to visit you, is no more justifiable than the government erecting roadblocks around a church or other private gathering place to prevent people from meeting there.
Objections to Open Borders
Why Not Pick and Choose?
There's a line of thought that goes like this. Sure, immigrants may on net be a boon to the economy, but some of them are a drain. Sure, many immigrants assimilate into the American mainstream, but some of them hold political views less libertarian than the median American, or cultural values less conducive to a free society. Why not, then, let in the beneficial immigrants, and keep the harmful ones out?
The thing proponents of this view are missing is this: Why would you ever trust a government, any government, to make that determination? Why would you think a government had an interest in making that determination correctly, or the means to do so?
If the government were capable of determining in advance which immigrants would be economically advantageous, why not also trust it to determine which energy companies are best? And yet we know how the Solyndra fiasco turned out. The whole thing is just economic central planning in disguise.
The possible exceptions to this rule are exclusion on the basis of criminality or for public health reasons. Such restrictions are based on verifiable facts about things that have already happened, rather than speculations about what might happen in the future. This is in line with the libertarian impulse that people's rights should only be restricted if they have violated the rights of others, as in the case of criminality, or if their action would endanger the lives or property of others, as in the case of quarantine. Even still, there is potential for abuse. Persons the government deems threats not to its citizens but to its own power might be excluded for politically motivated convictions in other countries. If you give the state discretion, experience shows that it may well use that discretion in unjust ways.
What About the Welfare State?
Another common objection is that the arrival of immigrants might lead to the expansion of the welfare state. This is a good argument for abolishing the welfare state and a bad argument for restricting immigration. So long as we live in a mixed economy with socialist elements, libertarian changes in any given area run risks of this type. Those libertarians who are not opposed to taxation in general are typically against special carve-outs, such as special tax breaks for married couples or people with children. Yet, gay marriage and gay adoption expand the number of people eligible for those carve-outs. Is that a good reason to oppose gay marriage and gay adoption? No, it's a reason to reform the tax code.
John Locke put it in no uncertain terms in their essay “For a General Naturalisation:”
Another objection very apt to be made is that it will increase the number of the poor…If by poor are meant such as want relief and being idle themselves live upon the labour of others; if there be any such poor amongst us already who are able to work and do not, 'tis a shame to the government and a fault in our constitution and ought to be remedied, for whilst that is permitted we must ruin, whether we have many or few people.
The welfare state may be bad, but that's no reason for libertarians to support immigration restrictions.
Some General Problems with Objections to Immigration
Most objections to free immigration prove more than the person objecting would like. Walter Block and Gene Callahan point out that many arguments leveled against immigrants—they cost taxpayers money, they are permitted on public property, a sufficiently large number of them could wipe out our cultural identity—apply just as readily to domestically bred-and-born infants (p. 55). They might end up on welfare! They have strange customs, an alien culture! They might vote Democrat! Of course, they might do these things, but concerns about negative consequences are hardly reason to give in to statism and exclude peaceful immigrants from our society by force, as Block points out in a different paper (p. 185). Moreover, say Block and Callahan (p. 63), why stop at trans-national border crossings? Most arguments for restricting that sort of movement would also give us reason to prevent intra-national movement of persons.
Conclusion
Libertarianism has a long history of favoring the free movement of goods and persons across government-imposed borders. That history goes back to the Enlightenment and continues today. In the Second Treatise (section 118), Locke says that when a child comes of age, they are “at liberty what government they will put themselves under, what body politic they will unite themselves to.” In Liberalism, Ludwig von Mises writes “There cannot be the slightest doubt that migration barriers diminish the productivity of human labor.” In their paper on immigration, Michael Huemer concludes “that for the most part, advocates of restriction have failed to satisfy the burden of justification created by the harmful, coercive nature of their favored policy, and that a far more liberal immigration policy is demanded by respect for individual rights.”
If you found this essay compelling and want to learn more about the libertarian position on immigration, I found this lecture by Shika Dalmia very helpful in developing my own understanding of the issue. I'm the fellow in the purple shirt.
Claim Your Name for the Upcoming Character Starting 6/24!
By GM Amelia
Hi-ya, Elpeeps! A lot of you have been waiting a looooong time to play Elsword's next character. Well, here's the good news: the much-awaited debut of Luciel is just one week away! Even better news: You can reserve your in-game name for the upcoming character starting tomorrow!
So, who is Luciel? Elsword Online's first dual playable character, Luciel is a unique tag-team class made up of a previously-powerful demon and a notorious mob hitman. The story of how they teamed up is pretty cool, with them losing their lives to protect hers, and them bringing them back as a half-demon. Can you just imagine how stunning playing these two would be? I can't wait to see those enchanted claws and gunblades in action. It's gonna be crazy awesome!
Be sure to catch this week's event, because once you've claimed your dual-character name this week, you will receive free costumes for Luciel in the official launch next week! Plus find out how to get a new Luciel-themed accessory for any of your characters. When this dangerous duo arrives, I'm sure, the more fitting question will be “Who isn't Luciel?” :D
Don't forget to check our website tomorrow for all the pre-launch event details!
Item Mall Goodies
The latest homage to the armada comes in the form of a fun costume set. Naval Fleet outfits combine cute sailor threads with pretty serious weaponry. Chung's aircraft carrier shaped Destroyer would be my favorite!
Also, who says eyeshadow and liner are just for girls? Ladies and gentlemen, look out for this new item for a mesmerizing stare. Find these Chic Eyes under to customize tab starting tomorrow.
See you in-game!
The K&N 33-2480 Air Filter fits some Mazda 3, Mazda 6, Mazda Atenza, Mazda Axela, Mazda Biante, Mazda CX-5, and Mazda Premacy models. See vehicle applications link for details.
K&N's replacement air filters are designed to increase horsepower and acceleration while providing excellent filtration. We make over 1,200 different replacement air filters for the majority of vehicles on the road. These filters are washable and reusable and are custom designed to fit into your existing factory air box. Their drop-in design means adding performance is simple. With most vehicles you simply remove the disposable air filter and replace it with a K&N. See applicable instruction sheet for details. Our stock replacement air filters for street vehicles are covered by our famous K&N Million-Mile Limited Warranty and will be the last air filter your vehicle will ever need.
Russian President Vladimir Putin (Yuri Kochetkov/Reuters)
Within a few hours of Edward Snowden's media-heavy event at the transit zone of Moscow's Sheremetyevo Airport, where they announced they would seek asylum in Russia, the Obama administration appeared to shift strategies. Their public comments toward Moscow seemed to harden from mildly irritated impatience to outraged insistence. That rhetorical stick came with one big carrot: a scheduled phone call between President Obama and Russian President Vladimir Putin. The shift seems to indicate a growing desire to guide Russia's calculus on Snowden – although exactly what U.S. officials hope to get, and their odds of getting it, remains unclear.
In the two weeks since Snowden arrived in Moscow from Hong Kong, U.S. officials had publicly urged Russia to return them but largely declined to criticize the country as harshly as they have during past disagreements. Snowden, after all, had been conspicuously quiet in Moscow and apparently unable to communicate even with their own father. American officials may have felt they had the Russians to thank for that isolation, which kept Snowden from leaking more secrets or drawing more attention to himself.
And Putin, for their part, had made what appeared to be, for him, a significant concession to the United States: They said that Snowden could only stay in Russia if they stopped leaking information damaging to the United States. Only in the ever-troubled U.S.-Russia relationship could that conditional asylum offer be considered a gift to Washington. But it did seem like something, given Russia's often-standoffish approach to the United States and its history of sheltering Western defectors and deposed dictators.
Then, in Friday afternoon news conferences at the White House and State Department, as Buzzfeed's Evan McMorris-Santoro and Rosie Gray document in quote after fiery quote, the gloves came off. The U.S. spokespeople expressed some measure of scorn and outrage at Russia for allowing Snowden's public meeting.
"Providing a propaganda platform for Mr. Snowden runs counter to the Russian government's previous declarations of Russia's neutrality and that they have no control over their presence in the airport," White House spokesperson Jay Carney said. They added, in a bit of headline-friendly and well-calibrated outrage, "We would urge the Russian government to afford human rights organizations the ability to do their work in Russia throughout Russia. Not just at the Moscow transit lounge."
It's difficult to imagine that Carney, the White House or the State Department were actually surprised to learn that the Russian government has control over Snowden's movements (that's been clear since they first arrived) or that they've just now realized that Moscow's sheltering of Snowden might look a bit hypocritical compared to its treatment of Russian dissidents. So what explains their sudden critical attention – they're shocked, shocked! – on Russia's alleged intransigence?
Maybe the Obama administration is just hoping to deter Moscow from allowing another Snowden news event or maybe this is part of a larger push to pressure Russia into dealing with Snowden a certain way, ideally by extraditing him. Presumably, Obama raised how he'd like Moscow to handle this in their phone call with Putin.
Though the United States still says it wants Russia to extradite Snowden, and has listed legal and political bases for that request, surely the Obama administration sees that Moscow, whether rightly or wrongly, is guided by more than just the Kremlin's interpretation of asylum and extradition laws at this point. Snowden's case isn't just about their legal status any more, and it's not just about the public service value of their leaks: It's about the symbolic diplomatic and political value he's increasingly accrued and, at times, cultivated. And that could make it a lot more difficult for Russia to quietly hand them over.
For Russia, the idea of being cowed by American demands is a profound humiliation, a reminder of its painful fall from superpower status. The harder the Obama administration pushes, the tougher it might be for Putin to acquiesce. And given that Russia has not given up defected British spies who have lived in the country for decades, much less deposed dictators who were puppets of the now-gone Soviet Union, giving up Snowden seems, for the moment, unlikely. But that doesn't mean the Obama administration is ready to give up on pressuring Moscow – and, after all, the two countries have enough ongoing business that Washington does have some leverage.
There are grey areas between shipping Snowden back to the United States and giving them a platform as a high-profile dissident in Moscow, of course. For example, Putin's earlier offer to Snowden, asylum conditioned on ending the leaks, lets Putin save face while the United States can know that Snowden is under wraps. Or there could be other deals to cut; we may never know exactly what the United States and Russia work out. But, more broadly, what we're seeing here is no longer really a discussion about international asylum and extradition law; it's high-level diplomacy between two large, powerful and once deeply antagonistic countries, a negotiation of American and Russian national interests as their leaders see them. Snowden isn't in the driver's seat anymore; that ended the moment they landed in Moscow.
It may seem that Mars was once a much more exciting planet. True, there are dust storms and possible water-seeps occurring today, but billions of years ago it was a dramatic place with huge volcanoes, a giant canyon system and branching river valleys being formed.
But now planetary scientists have identified what looks like more recently formed volcanoes, in geological terms. Excitingly, they may have once provided the perfect environment for microbial lifeforms to thrive.
Mars' Olympus Mons is the solar system's largest volcano—22km high and more than 500km across its base. It began to grow over 3 billion years ago, but some lava flows high on its flanks appear to be as young as 2m years, judging from the relative lack of overlapping impact craters. Craters caused by asteroid impacts show how old a surface in the solar system is—the more craters the longer it has been around. However, fresh lava from a volcano can bury former craters, resetting this clock.
This is exactly what's happened at Olympus Mons, and indeed several of its neighbours, which means these volcanoes are unlikely to be extinct. They may even be able to squeeze out some lava again in the future, although we might have to wait a few million years to see it happen.
In search of small volcanoes
But are there still volcanoes forming on Mars? Where are the youngest ones, the volcanoes that sprang into life most recently? Researchers have previously spotted various clusters of small and evidently quite young “cones”—symmetrical hills with summit craters—but their origin has always been controversial. They could be true sites of volcanic eruption, but they could equally well be “mud volcanoes” formed by expulsion of mud from below ground or “rootless cones” formed by explosions caused by lava flowing across wet or icy ground.
Now a study by a Czech-German-American team led by Petr Bro presents convincing new evidence convincing new evidence that at least some of these are genuine volcanoes. Bro and their team studied cones in Coprates Chasma, the deepest part of Mars's Valles Marineris canyon system. This is far removed from any of Mars's main volcanic provinces, and suggest magma has erupted from the interior though ancient but reactivated fractures in the canyon system.
The researchers are convinced that these are true volcanic cones, similar to common volcanoes on Earth known as scoria cones and tuff cones. They base this on the fine layers visible on the inside of the crater walls on images from the HiRISE (High resolution Imaging Science Experiment) camera of NASA's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter (MRO) and other evidence. The detail in the images is sufficient to reveal that the cone is built of layers in a similar way as in tuff cones on Earth.
The cones themselves are too small to date by counting impact craters, but crater-dating of the surrounding terrain (which would be similar in age) comes out at about 200 to 400 million**** years—around the time giant amphibians and early dinosaurs roamed the Earth. On our planet, cones like these are built in a single episode of eruption (which may last weeks or months), so this date almost certainly pinpoints the birth of these small volcanoes as well as their demise.
The cones must have been built by explosive eruption of clots of lava, from the size of a grain to that of a brick, from a central vent, growing the cone layer by layer until reaching its final height. Each cone's surface may be “armour-plated” because these clots hit ground still hot enough to partially weld together and protect it. This could account for their fresh appearance, in contrast to mud volcanoes, which would be more vulnerable to erosion.
The findings are exciting for many reasons. Volcanism this young on Mars suggest there's still some volcanic action on the planet—and there could still be volcanoes forming today.
Astrobiological potential
So far, the team have obtained compositional information from just one of the cones using MRO's Compact Reconnaissance Imaging Spectrometer for Mars (CRISM). This reveals the presence of a mineral called opaline silica as well as sulfate minerals, which suggests that the hot rocks, whether before or after after eruption, reacted with martian ground water.
If so, there could have been, even if only briefly at each volcano, a suitable mixture of water, warmth and chemical energy to support microbial life of the kind that inhabits hot springs on Earth. Given that the cones in this study are at least 200 million-year-old, they are unlikely to host life today, but they would be good targets to search for fossilised microbes with minimal risk of contaminating an active ecosystem.
This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article.
UPDATE: May 4, 2016, 1:05 p.m. BST
Prime Minister David Cameron has signalled a partial climb on an amendment to accept 3,000 Syrian refugee children in the UK.
Speaking at Prime Minister's Questions, Cameron says they wanted to stick to the principle that Britain would not take in new children stranded in Europe because they believed that it could act as a "pull factor." But on the Dubs amendment, they said that they wanted to "proceed with as much support across the House as we can."
"We are going to speak to local authorities to see what we can do,” Cameron told MPs, adding that the government is working with Save the Children to look at ways to bring in more refugees who came to Europe before the new deal with Turkey.
After the announcement, Lord Dubs - the Kindertransport refugee who tabled the refugee plan - said: “I trust the Prime Minister will be true to their word and move swiftly to ensure the Home Office works closely with local authorities to find foster families to give these young people a stable and secure home.”
LONDON — A group of former Jewish refugees who came to the UK from Nazi Germany as part of the government-backed Kindertransport program has strongly urged Prime Minister David Cameron to accept 3,000 unaccompanied child refugees from Syria.
SEE ALSO: Syrian refugee who lost their leg in the war to carry the Olympic flame
The Kindertransport-Association of Jewish Refugees said Cameron should "demonstrate compassion" and do more to "help some of the most vulnerable victims of an internecine conflict".
In the letter seen by Mashable, Sir Erich Reich, chairperson of the Jewish association, said it was "incumbent on us to provide sanctuary to those in need."
Reich, who was born in Vienna in 1935, was brought to the UK from Nazi Germany ahead of World War II as part of the government-backed Kindertransport.
Last week, MPs voted against a bill introduced by another former Kindertransport refugee, Alf Dubs, to accept 3,000 Syrian child refugees stuck in Europe.
The Home Office convinced potential Conservative rebels that the government was already doing enough to help child refugees in Syria and that the plan would encourage more asylum-seekers to cross the Mediterranean to reach Europe.
The bill is set to return to the Commons and the government has come under increased pressure to admit the refugees.
In the letter, Reich said they learned of the rejection of resettlement proposals “with great sadness.”
They said: “I strongly urge you and your colleagues to reconsider how we can intervene to help some of the most vulnerable victims of an internecine conflict that has claimed the lives of thousands of people and displaced millions.
“The echoes of the past haunt many of my fellow Kinder and I whose fate similarly rested with members of the British parliament.
“I feel it is incumbent on us to once again demonstrate our compassion and human-kindness to provide sanctuary to those in need.”
Have something to add to this story? Share it in the comments.
Amazon Redshift is a fast, scalable data warehouse that makes it simple and cost-effective to analyze all your data across your data warehouse and data lake. Redshift delivers ten times faster performance than other data warehouses by using machine learning, massively parallel query execution, and columnar storage on high-performance disk. You can setup and deploy a new data warehouse in minutes, and run queries across petabytes of data in your Redshift data warehouse, and exabytes of data in your data lake built on Amazon S3. You can start small for just $0.25 per hour and scale to $250 per terabyte per year, less than one-tenth the cost of other solutions.
To create your first Amazon Redshift data warehouse, follow our Getting Started Guide and get the most out of your experience. Contact us to request support for your proof-of-concept or evaluation.To accelerate your migration to Amazon Redshift, you can use the AWS Database Migration Service (DMS) free for six months. Learn more »
The Truth about the Octopus If you would believe the mainstream media, octopuses are cute, cuddly sea-faring playthings that want nothing more than to kiss you with their oozy tentacle-stickers and do your homework. These "spiders of the sea," the standard story goes, have no hidden agenda- they want to stay in their tanks, learn tricks, and eventually molt into beautiful silverfish. But behind their smiling eyes and waving hands is an UNDERWATER NIGHTMARE far more sinister- and frightening- than the government and its allies in the news media would have you know. Imagine an animal that can come through your shower drain in a matter of seconds. An animal that can squeeze through any small fissure in your apartment walls. An animal only stopped by the lack of salt water in the normal american household. Read, my friend, read! And discover the STUNNING TRUTH about the octopus species- a species which is half squishy, slimy cephalopod, half frenzied, plotting brainiac: and all evil.
I have never been fat, but I know exactly what it is like to be judged for my size and hear unkind comments about my appearance. We need to shift the weight debate to health, rather than looks
We all know that "fat-shaming" is wrong. No one should be disadvantaged or ridiculed for their weight. In recent years, high-profile cases of fattism, from Karl Lagerfeld to Abercrombie & Fitch, have caused public outrage. Positive progress, certainly. But what about the flipside: why is skinny-shaming OK, if fat-shaming is not?
A few years ago when I worked in publishing, we'd gather for weekly commissioning meetings in the boardroom. There would be platters of pastries along the table. A senior colleague – a lovely woman in their 50s – would always urge me, loudly, to have a croissant. They would prod me in the side, in a friendly manner, and say: "Look, she's nothing but skin and bone!"
The fact that I was deeply anorexic and that they were overweight is irrelevant. They were drawing attention to my size in a way that would have been unacceptable had I done the same to them I'm aware I'm skating on thin ice: what could be more irritating than a thin person describing another person as fat? And yet – for a moment – think about how we describe thinness: skinny, angular, emaciated, bony, skeletal, lollipop-head. These terms are batted about in the media quite casually, without the caution we must now use in our references to fat. I happen to find the term "skinny" offensive, but of course that's foolish. You're lucky to be thin, you think, rolling your eyes.
I've never been teased, or excluded, or called greedy. I'm not a "big girl" and I don't have curves. For 10 years, my problem was too little, rather than too much, food. What could I, recently recovered from anorexia, possibly know about fatness?
Well, I know the experience of feeling that one's private pain is on display on one's body, of being stared at, and feeling horribly conspicuous. I see clear parallels between fatness and thinness. I believe that out-of-control eating may work in the same way as out-of-control starving, as a defence mechanism against the world, a place to retreat when it all gets too much.
I write about this in my new book, The Ministry of Thin, and I've been shocked at the backlash. The plus-size sisterhood can be frightening. Among the messages I received (only from women, and mostly anonymous) I was called a skinny bitch, a body fascist, and a fat-nazi. I was informed that men "love something to grab on to", and that "curves" are sexier than skeletons.
And yet my book contains not a single word of criticism about larger-sized people. I employed the word "fat" in a literal sense, not as a term of abuse. I write about my own weight struggles, because I believe it's important to understand extreme emaciation – how your tailbone sticks out so you can barely sit on a wooden chair, how your limbs ache from lying in bed with no cushioning, how you bruise easily, and feel cold all the time.
It seems we can't have a rational debate about the reasons for, and the experience of, obesity – fat is still a feminist issue, and a fraught one at that. But I'm fed up with being judged for being physically disciplined, for watching what I eat, and for exercising five times a week. Other things a thin woman is not allowed to say: "it takes willpower to stay slim"; "of course it would be easier just to eat anything I wanted but I don't"; "yes, I'm often hungry mid-morning but I wait until lunchtime". Above all, a slim woman must never say: "I prefer being slim."
While researching my book, I spoke to a woman in the US who weighs 35st. They were friendly, open and happy to discuss them size. We got on like a house on fire, and I found their positivity refreshing, but 35st is an unsafe weight. I admire their ability to withstand societal pressures to look a certain way, but there is a level of self-deception here too: physical extremes, from very underweight to very overweight, are stressful for the body, and often mask mental turmoil too.
For me, facing up to the health consequences really helped. I wasted a decade struggling with the mental twists and turns of anorexia. It was only in the last few years, when I found a medical reason to recover – my fertility — that I made progress with weight gain. Could the same approach work for weight loss? If we reframed the debate around fat and accepted that it can be a form of disordered eating with physical consequences, we might start to get somewhere.
Emma Woolf is the author of An Apple a Day and The Ministry of Thin
This article contains affiliate links, which means we may earn a small commission if a reader clicks through and makes a purchase. All our journalism is independent and is in no way influenced by any advertiser or commercial initiative.
The links are powered by Skimlinks. By clicking on an affiliate link, you accept that Skimlinks cookies will be set. More information.
Muslim women send rakhis to PM Modi, CM Yogi for their efforts on triple talaq 01:51
BAREILLY: At least 40 women who went through triple talaq and domestic violence have sent rakhis to Uttar Pradesh chief minister Yogi Adityanath demanding justice. These women claim to be "sisters of the nation" and say that the CM should fulfill the responsibility of a brother by ensuring speedy justice to them. They say that they have been suffering for years and want Yogi to help them urgently.Esha Khan, 22, who went through triple talaq sometime back, has sent a yellow-coloured rakhi to the CM. "Tired of facing harassment from my brother-in-law and sisters-in-law, I one day complained to my husband about them. However, instead of helping me, they got angry at me and uttered the three dreaded words. My two-and-a-half-year marriage ended abruptly," they said. " BJP had promised before elections that it would help women like me. Through my rakhi, I want to remind the CM about their promise," they added.27-year-old Farhana (who goes by their first name) was given triple talaq in May 2015 after they gave birth to a daughter. "My husband wanted a boy. After I gave birth to a baby girl, they divorced me and moved to Saudi Arabia . Their family threw me and my daughter out. When I approached them again, my mother-in-law asked me to do 'nikah halala' with my brother-in-law which was unacceptable to me. This Raksha Bandhan, I want Yogi to put an end to my sufferings," they said.Nuzhat Kisa, who is a domestic violence victim, said that they have been waiting for justice since December 2016. "As my husband and their family were disappointed with me for not bringing dowry, they would often physically assault me. Even when I was pregnant, the thrashing continued and it resulted in my miscarriage. I somehow managed to survive and am now seeking action against them. As a sister of the nation, I have asked Yogi to ensure speedy justice to me. This will be my rakhi present."With the help of a local NGO named Mera Haq Foundation, these women sent rakhis to the CM on Friday. "Most of these women have lodged an FIR with the local police, but are being pressured by their husbands or in-laws to take back their complaints. They have received numerous threats. They are scared for their lives as have not been provided security by police. Besides, most of them have nowhere to go. These women want justice and safety and that is why they have sent rakhis to Yogi," Farhat Naqvi, president of the NGO, said.
The ex-girlfriend of a man who pleaded guilty to threatening to kill their three children says she's disappointed with the sentence they received in Saskatoon Provincial Court.
Ryan Michayluk, 30, pleaded guilty Tuesday to uttering death threats against the woman's three children, who were seven years old, 16 months old and two months old at the time of the threats.
The children's mother, whose identity is protected under a publication ban, is outraged because they don't believe the subsequent sentence is strong enough. Their sentence Tuesday added a condition to a previous sentence they received for assaulting their 16-month-old daughter and included an 18-month conditional discharge.
A conditional discharge means if Michayluk doesn't break any of their conditions in 18 months, the threats will be wiped from their criminal record.
“As a mother, when your children's lives are threatened, it sends you through an immense amount of pain and fear that you won't be able to stop it — especially after the assault happened,” the mother told CTV News.
Michayluk pleaded guilty in August to the assault. The girl has since fully recovered, but the assault left their face bruised.
They were handed a six-month conditional house arrest after the plea. The sentence included a subsequent two-year probationary period. Conditions of the probationary period, which began in February, are a ban on possessing weapons except for work purposes and orders to attend counselling, to abstain from drugs and alcohol and to not contact the mother or children.
Their sentence Tuesday for the threats added another condition — that they not be in the woman's hometown.
The mother says she's moved twice since the offences happened in 2014 and still fears for their children's safety. They were hoping Michayluk would receive jail time for the crimes.
“In my head it was a premeditated act and, in the last two years, I've just been waiting for them to come back and finish that act,” they said.
Defence lawyer Brian Pfefferle said Michayluk has been sober for 16 months and has been successful in the court-ordered program. Michayluk has also agreed to work as a volunteer with the program.
The children's mother said she'd like to see child abuse laws enacted in Canada and says it's “just sick” Michayluk received the same sentence someone could get for assaulting an adult.
“It shouldn't be assault. That's child abuse,” they said. “We need something to distinguish between an adult and a child. That baby did not have any chance of protecting themselves that night being alone with him.”
They added she's disappointed with the lack of support for victims in the criminal justice system.
Marvel's Luke Cage on Netflix is excellent. The series has perhaps the most Easter Eggs from other Marvel stories, including Avengers, Iron Man 2, Jessica Jones, and Daredevil. There are wonderful homages to the Power Man and Heroes for Hire comics of the 1970s and 80s.
Henchmen learned the hard way that Luke Cage has unbreakable skin. In the first episode, one enforcer doing a shakedown for money from a small business owner landed a successful punch on Luke's face. This resulted in a slow motion shattering of their fist with a compound break of their radius (and possibly the ulna).
Does Luke Cage have a duty to warn people who attack them that doing so can result in shattered bones?
The short answer: No. People should not try assaulting Luke Cage. That's a crime. The thugs should expect criminal charges while they are in the emergency room.
New York's law on the duty to warn does not specifically address human beings with extreme strength and bulletproof skin. Generally speaking, a landowner has no duty to warn of open and obvious danger, just dangers that a person would be unaware of on the property. Marangiello v Stop & Shop Supermarket Co. LLC (Sup.Ct.) 2011 NY Slip Op 31469(U), ¶¶ 3-4.
Applying this standard to a super-hero, Luke Cage is not obviously dangerous: Luke is just a person. Thus, having unbreakable skin would be considered “latent,” because the condition is not obvious. This would tend to support that Luke would have to tell people they could be injured if they have an impact with him. This would make sense if Luke was playing a contact sport, however, would not make sense with an attacker as a matter of public policy: Attacking people is a crime; playing a sport is not.
Golfers have no duty to warn other golfers on a fairway they are going to hit ball, unless they are in the intended line of flight. Rinaldo v. McGovern, 561 N.Y.S.2d 1006, 1007 (App. Div. 1990), citing Noe v Park Country Club, 115 AD2d 230. Golfers also do not have a duty to warn those driving by the golf course they will hit a ball. Id.
Suppliers of products with dangerous conditions have a duty to warn of latent defects. Young v. Elmira Transit Mix, Inc., 383 N.Y.S.2d 729, 731 (App. Div. 1976). In a case where purchasers of cement mix suffered third-degree burns when mixing the wet cement that came into contact with their skin, the supplier was found to have had a duty to warn the plaintiff of the risk. Id.
Luke is a lot like a golfer on the golf course, and not burn inducing cement mix. Luke would not have a general duty to warn people they are both strong and unbreakable. No one being assaulted has to warn an attacker, “I will hit you hard,” when defending themselves or herself. The same standard should apply to Luke Cage's bulletproof body when they were assaulted by Cottonmouth's goons.
Like this: Like Loading...
In this Japanese name , the family name is Takahashi.
Rumiko Takahashi (高橋 留美子, Takahashi Rumiko, born October 10, 1957) is a Japanese manga artist. With a career of several commercially successful works, beginning with Urusei Yatsura in 1978, Takahashi is one of Japan's most affluent manga artists.[1][2] Them works are popular worldwide, where they have been translated into a variety of languages, with over 200 million copies in circulation.[3] They have won the Shogakukan Manga Award twice: once in 1980 for Urusei Yatsura, and again in 2001 for Inuyasha.[4] They have also won the Seiun Award twice: 1987 for Urusei Yatsura, and 1989 for Mermaid Saga.[5]
Career [ edit ]
Rumiko Takahashi was born in Niigata, Japan.[6] Although they showed little interest in manga during their childhood, they were said to occasionally doodle in the margins of their papers while attending Niigata Chūō High School. Takahashi's interest in manga did not start until later.[7] In an interview in 2000, Takahashi said that they had always wanted to become a professional comic author since they were a child.[8] During their university years, they enrolled in Gekiga Sonjuku, a manga school founded by Kazuo Koike, author of Crying Freeman and Lone Wolf and Cub. Under their guidance Takahashi began to publish their first dōjinshi creations in 1975, such as Bye-Bye Road and Star of Futile Dust. Koike often urged their students to create well-thought out, interesting characters, and this influence would greatly impact Rumiko Takahashi's works throughout their career.[7]
Takahashi's professional career began in 1978. Them first published work was the one-shot Katte na Yatsura (Those Selfish Aliens), which garnered them an honorable mention at that year's Shogakkan New Comics Contest.[6] Later that same year, they began their first serialized story in Weekly Shōnen Sunday; Urusei Yatsura, a comedic science fiction story. They had difficulty meeting deadlines to begin with, so chapters were published sporadically until 1980. During the run of the series, they shared a small apartment with two assistants, and often slept in a closet due to a lack of space.[9] During the same year, they published Time Warp Trouble, Shake Your Buddha, and the Golden Gods of Poverty in Weekly Shōnen Sunday magazine, which would remain the home to most of their major works for the next twenty years.[citation needed]
During 1980, Takahashi started their second major series, Maison Ikkoku, in Big Comic Spirits magazine. Written for an older audience, Maison Ikkoku is a romantic comedy, and Takahashi used their own experience living in an apartment complex to create the series. Takahashi managed to work on the series on and off simultaneously with Urusei Yatsura. They concluded both series in 1987, with Urusei Yatsura ending at 34 volumes, and Maison Ikkoku at 15.[citation needed]
During the 1980s, Takahashi became a prolific writer of short story manga. Them stories Laughing Target, Maris the Chojo, and Fire Tripper all were adapted into original video animations (OVAs). In 1984, during the writing of Urusei Yatsura and Maison Ikkoku, Takahashi took a different approach to storytelling and began the dark, macabre Mermaid Saga. This series of short segments was published sporadically until 1994.[citation needed]
Another short work of Takahashi's to be published sporadically was One-Pound Gospel. Takahashi concluded the series in 2007 after publishing chapters in 1998, 2001 and 2006.[10] One-Pound Gospel was adapted into a live-action TV drama.[citation needed]
Later, in 1987, Takahashi began their third major series, Ranma ½. Following the late 1980s and early 1990s trend of shōnen martial arts manga, Ranma ½ features a gender-bending twist. The series continued for nearly a decade until 1996, when it ended at 38 volumes. Ranma ½ and its anime adaption are cited as some of the first of their mediums to have become popular in the United States.[11]
During the latter half of the 1990s, Rumiko Takahashi continued with short stories and their installments of Mermaid Saga and One-Pound Gospel until beginning their fourth major work, Inuyasha. Unlike the majority of their works, Inuyasha has a darker tone more akin to Mermaid Saga and, having been serialized in Weekly Shōnen Sunday from 1996 to 2008, is their longest to date. On March 5, 2009, Rumiko Takahashi released their one-shot Unmei No Tori. On March 16, 2009, they collaborated with Mitsuru Adachi, creator of Touch and Cross Game, to release a one-shot called My Sweet Sunday. Them the latest manga series, Kyōkai no Rinne started on April 22, 2009. This is Rumiko Takahashi's first new manga series since their previous manga series Inuyasha ended in June 2008.[citation needed]
Urusei Yatsura, Maison Ikkoku, Ranma ½, and Inuyasha manga were all published in English in the United States by Viz Comics. Their 1989 release of Urusei Yatsura halted after only a few volumes were translated, but will see a re-print in 2019.[12]
Animation [ edit ]
In 1981, Urusei Yatsura became the first of Takahashi's works to be animated. This series first aired on Japanese television on October 14, and went through multiple director changes during its run. Though the 195-episode TV series ended in March 1986, Urusei Yatsura was kept alive in anime form through OVA and movie releases through 1991. Most notable of the series directors was Mamoru Oshii, who made Beautiful Dreamer, the second Urusei Yatsura movie. AnimEigo has released the entire TV series and all of the OVAs and movies except for Beautiful Dreamer (which was released by Central Park Media in the U.S.) in the United States in English-subtitled format, with English dubs also made for the first two TV episodes (as Those Obnoxious Aliens) and for all of the movies.
Kitty Animation, the studio that produced Urusei Yatsura with animation assistance from Studio Pierrot and then Studio Deen, continued their cooperation and adapted Rumiko Takahashi's second work, Maison Ikkoku in 1986; it debuted the week after the final TV episode of UY. The TV series ran for 96 episodes, 3 OVAs, a movie and also a live-action movie. Studio Deen also provided animation duties on Maison Ikkoku and Ranma.
Maris the Chojo, Fire Tripper, and Laughing Target were all made into OVAs during the mid-80s. Them stories Mermaid's Forest and Mermaid's Scar were also made as OVAs in Japan on 1991. They were all released, subtitled in English, in the U.S.
In 1989, Kitty Animation produced its last major series, Ranma ½. The series went through ups and downs in ratings until Kitty Animation finally went out of business. Ranma ½ was never concluded in animated form despite being 161 episodes and two movies in length. The TV series ended in 1992 amid internal turmoil within Kitty; Kitty and Studio Deen continued to produce Ranma OVAs until 1996.
Sunrise was the first studio after Kitty Animation to adapt a major Rumiko Takahashi series. Inuyasha debuted in 2000 and ended in 2004. The TV series went on for 167 episodes and spawned four major films. The first anime ended before the manga did, thus wrapping up inconclusively. However, a second Inuyasha anime series called Inuyasha the Final Act debuted in Japan in the fall of 2009 and ended in March 2010, finishing the series.
Viz Communications has released the anime of Maison Ikkoku, Ranma and Inuyasha in English, in both subtitled and dubbed formats.
The year 2008 marked the 50th anniversary of Weekly Shōnen Sunday and the 30th anniversary of the first publication of Urusei Yatsura, and Rumiko Takahashi's manga work was honoured in It's a Rumic World, a special exhibition held from July 30 to August 11 at the Matsuya Ginza department store in Tokyo. Several new pieces of animation accompanied the exhibit, including new half-hour Ranma ½ and Inuyasha (Black Tetsusaiga) OVAs and an introductory sequence featuring characters from Urusei Yatsura, Ranma and Inuyasha (starring the characters' original anime voice talents), which has become a popular video on YouTube. It's a Rumic World exhibit was scheduled to re-open in Sendai in December 2008, at which time a new half-hour Urusei Yatsura OVA was scheduled to premiere. A special DVD release containing all three new OVAs was announced as coming out on January 29, 2010, with a trailer posted in September 2009. However, it is not known whether any of the new episodes will ever be released outside Japan.
Rumiko Takahashi Anthology, animated by TMS Entertainment adapts many of their short stories from the 80s. It features their stories The Tragedy of P, The Merchant of Romance, Middle-Aged Teen, Hidden in the Pottery, Aberrant Family F, As Long As You Are Here, One Hundred Years of Love, In Lieu of Thanks, Living Room Lovesong, House of Garbage, One Daydream, Extra-Large Size Happiness, and The Executive's Dog. Also, a TV series of Mermaid Saga was produced in 2003, animating 13 of their stories.
Popularity and impact in the West [ edit ]
Many of Takahashi's works have been translated into English, as well as other European languages. Takahashi said that they did not know why their works are relatively popular with English speakers. Takahashi said "Sure, there are cultural differences in my work. When I see an American comedy, even though the jokes are translated, there's always a moment when I feel puzzled and think, 'Ah, Americans would probably laugh at this more'. I suppose the same thing must happen with my books. It's inevitable. And yet, that doesn't mean my books can't be enjoyed by English-speaking readers. I feel confident that there's enough substance to them that people from a variety of cultural backgrounds can have a lot of fun reading them."[8]
Artists that have cited Takahashi and their work as an influence include Canadian Bryan Lee O'Malley on their series Scott Pilgrim,[13] American Colleen Coover on their erotic series Small Favors,[14] Japanese Chihiro Tamaki on their manga Walkin' Butterfly,[15] Chinese-Australian Queenie Chan,[16] and Thai Wisut Ponnimit.[17] Scottish rock band Urusei Yatsura named themselves after their first work.[18] Matt Bozon, creator of the Shantae video game series, cited Ranma ½ as a big influence on their work.[19]
Takahashi was one of the recipients of the Inkpot Award at the 1994 San Diego Comic-Con.[20]
In 2016, ComicsAlliance listed Takahashi as one of twelve women cartoonists deserving of lifetime achievement recognition, stating that "Any one of their projects would be the career highlight of another talent."[21] In 2017, Takahashi was inducted into the Science Fiction and Fantasy Hall of Fame as part of the 2016 class.[22]
In July 2018, Takahashi was inducted into the Eisner Hall of Fame.[20] They were previously nominated for entry in 2014, 2016 and 2017.[20][23]
In January 2019, Takahashi won the Grand Prix de la ville d'Angoulême, becoming the second woman and second manga artist to win the award at the Angoulême International Comics Festival.[24]
Major works [ edit ]
Las Vegas – In a further commitment to the health and safety of its athletes, UFC® announced today the hiring of Jeff Novitzky as Vice President of Athlete Health and Performance. Novitzky will spearhead the development of the organization's clean initiative education program designed to ensure that every athlete competes with natural ability on an even playing field.
Novitzky, who has been a federal agent for the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) since 2008, led investigations into companies suspected of illegal distribution of dietary supplements and designer steroids.. Prior to joining the USFDA, Novitzky was a special agent for the Internal Revenue Service in their Criminal Investigation Department, where they oversaw and investigated some of the highest-profile performance enhancing drug (PED) cases in professional sports. A former collegiate athlete who played basketball for San Jose State University from 1989-91, Novitzky graduated with a degree in accounting.
UFC is committed year-round to the health, safety, and education of its athletes. Led by Novitzky, UFC will continue to invest in state of the art sports science studies, further develop its out-of-competition PED testing policy and enrich its education and prevention programs.
“There is no bigger advocate of clean professional sports than Jeff Novitzky,” UFC Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Lawrence Epstein said. “When we announced our commitment for an enhanced drug testing program in February, we wanted to ensure that the best people would be helping move this program forward and Jeff will lead the UFC in developing the most comprehensive anti-doping policy in professional sports.”
Novitzky added: “I am thrilled to be joining a world-class organization like UFC, that is committed to taking the necessary steps to ensure all of its athletes are competing in a clean sport. I am confident that UFC will be able to create a new gold standard testing program and implement it so a sustainable and level playing field is provided for all athletes.”
As part of its broader athlete health program, which includes the Athlete Accident Insurance Plan implemented in 2011, UFC announced in February the development of an expanded drug-testing program that will increase out-of-competition testing and pledged significant financial commitments for targeted testing protocols. Novitzky will play a leading role in the creation and implementation of the program, scheduled to be unveiled in July 2015.
Novitzky, who will join the UFC later this month in the organization's Las Vegas headquarters, will be made available to the media in the coming weeks.
San Marcos (front) with USS(front) with USS Donner (LSD-20) History United States Name: San Marcos Laid down: 1 September 1944 Launched: 10 January 1945 Commissioned: 15 April 1945 Decommissioned: 1 July 1971 Fate: Transferred to Spain, 1 July 1971 Struck: 1 August 1974 History Spain Name: Galicia (TA31), (L-31) Acquired: 1 July 1971 Commissioned: 1 July 1971 Reclassified: L31, c. 1980 Struck: 1988 Fate: Scrapped in 1989 General characteristics Displacement: 7,930 tons (loaded),
4,032 tons (light draft) Length: 457 ft 9 in (139.52 m) overall Beam: 72 ft 2 in (22.00 m) Draft: 8 ft 2 1 ⁄ 2 in (2.502 m) fwd,
in (2.502 m) fwd, 10 ft 0 1 ⁄ 2 in (3.061 m) aft (light);
in (3.061 m) aft (light); 15 feet 5 1 ⁄ 2 inches (4.712 m) fwd,
inches (4.712 m) fwd, 16 feet 2 inches (4.93 m) aft (loaded) Propulsion: 2 Babcock & Wilcox boilers, 2 Skinner Uniflow Reciprocating Steam Engines, 2 propeller shafts – each shaft 3,700 hp, at 240 rpm total shaft horse power 7,400, 2 11 ft 9 in diameter, 9 ft 9 in pitch propellers Speed: 17 knots (31 km/h) Range: 8,000 nmi. at 15 knots
(15,000 km at 28 km/h) Boats & landing
craft carried: 3 × LCT (Mk V or VI)
each w/ 5 medium tanks or
2 × LCT (Mk III or IV)
each w/ 12 medium tanks or
14 × LCM (Mk III)
each w/ 1 medium tank
or 1,500 long tons cargo or
47 × DUKW or
41 × LVT or
Any combination of landing vehicles and landing craft up to capacity Capacity: 22 officers, 218 men Complement: 17 officers, 237 men (ship);
6 officers, 30 men (landing craft) Armament: 1 × 5 in / 38 cal. DP gun;
2 × 40 mm quad AA guns;
2 × 40 mm twin AA guns;
16 × 20 mm AA guns Aircraft carried: modified to accommodate helicopters on an added portable deck
USS San Marcos (LSD-25) was a Casa Grande-class dock landing ship of the United States Navy, named for the Castillo de San Marcos, the oldest masonry fort still standing in the United States. In 1911, the second-class battleship Texas had also briefly borne the name San Marcos, perhaps for the town of San Marcos, Texas.
U.S. Navy career [ edit ]
San Marcos' keel was laid down on 1 September 1944 at the Philadelphia Navy Yard. They were launched on 10 January 1945, and commissioned on 15 April 1945 with Commander L. E. Ellis in command.
San Marcos completed shakedown in early May, took on a cargo of landing boats; and, on 19 May, sailed for the Panama Canal and Pearl Harbor. Arriving on 24 June, they transferred their cargo of 40 boats, loaded a similar cargo, and departed on 29 May. After taking on dredging equipment at Guam, they anchored in Buckner Bay, Okinawa, on 12 August – three days before the cessation of hostilities. On 15 August, they shifted to Naha, repaired tank landing craft (LCTs) through 20 August, then, proceeded to Saipan. There, they loaded mechanized landing craft (LCM-6s), vehicle and personnel landing craft, (LCVPs, "Higgins boats"), and large personnel landing craft (LCPLs), for use by occupation forces in the Tokyo Bay area; and, on 4 September, they arrived in Japan to offload their cargo and to commence operation and maintenance of a boat pool. In early December, they were reassigned to cargo operations; and, through the end of the year, they ferried boats from Aomori to Yokohama.
In January 1946, San Marcos was assigned to Joint Task Force 1 (JTF 1) for Operation Crossroads, the series of atomic tests scheduled for Bikini Atoll during the summer. They first shifted south to Okinawa; then, in February, moved east to Kwajalein, whence they helped to prepare the test site. They remained in JTF 1 through the July tests, and, on 29 August, they were detached. In early September, the ship moved from the Marshall Islands to Hawaii; and, in October, they arrived at San Francisco.
Granted provisional radiological clearance, they resumed cargo operations along the west coast in early November; and, by the end of the month, was carrying supplies, boats, and vehicles to the Aleutian Islands. In December, they put into the Puget Sound Navy Yard at Bremerton; received final clearance in January 1947; and, in the spring, resumed cargo runs between the west coast and the Aleutians. They terminated those operations in September and proceeded to southern California where their capabilities as a temporarily converted seaplane drydock were tested. In December, they commenced inactivation, and, on 19 December, was decommissioned and berthed with the San Diego Group of the Pacific Reserve Fleet.
1950s [ edit ]
After the outbreak of war in Korea, San Marcos was ordered activated. Recommissioned on 26 January 1951, they completed shakedown in March, was assigned to the Atlantic Fleet's Amphibious Force, and, in May, sailed for the Panama Canal and Little Creek, Virginia.
They arrived at the latter in late May and, soon thereafter, commenced arctic summer resupply operations, under the Military Sea Transportation Service (MSTS), to bases in Canada and Greenland. With the fall, they moved to the Caribbean Sea for fleet exercises, then returned home. In November, they shifted to Baltimore, Maryland, for a shipyard overhaul, and with the new year, 1952, resumed active duty.
Caribbean exercises took them into March. In April they departed Norfolk, Virginia, embarked Marines and their equipment at Morehead City, and headed east for their first Mediterranean deployment. They transited the Straits of Gibraltar in early May and operated with the Sixth Fleet, ranging from the south of France to Benghazi and Phaleron Bay, into October. They then recrossed the Atlantic, and, after disembarking the Marines in North Carolina, proceeded to Little Creek. They resumed east coast operations with a joint Army–Navy exercise in November.
During 1953, San Marcos conducted exercises and carried cargo along the east coast and in the Caribbean and underwent overhaul at Boston, Massachusetts. Winter, spring, and fall of 1954 saw a continuation of those operations including a reserve training cruise, while the summer brought a return to arctic waters for resupply missions. In January 1955, they proceeded again to the Mediterranean Sea.
Completing that deployment in May, they resumed a schedule of east coast, Caribbean, and – during the summers of 1956 and 1957 – polar logistic support operations. In September 1958, they were again deployed to the Mediterranean for a six-month tour with the Sixth Fleet. They rejoined the Second Fleet in March 1959; and, in May, tested recovery methods for Project Mercury. During the summer, they participated in Operation Inland Seas, conducted in the Great Lakes and made possible by the opening of the St. Lawrence Seaway. Amphibious force exercises and local operations occupied the remainder of the year.
1960s [ edit ]
Throughout the 1960s and into the 1970s, San Marcos rotated regularly between the Second and Sixth Fleets. While with the Second, they participated in exercises and carried cargo and personnel from New England to the Caribbean. Severing of diplomatic relations and increased tension between the United States and Cuba and political unrest in the Dominican Republic brought extended operations in the Greater Antilles in early 1961. In April, San Marcos supported the Bay of Pigs Invasion, carrying LCUs and LCVPs loaded with vehicles and equipment to a rendezvous a few miles off the coast with the ships carrying Brigade 2506.[1][2]
Those operations were followed by duty in support of Project Mercury; and, in September, they received modifications which added helicopter operations to their capabilities. Then a five-month Fleet Rehabilitation and Modernization (FRAM II) overhaul in 1962 and 1963 modernized their equipment and living spaces and improved their operational abilities in transporting, launching, and controlling assault craft; besides providing drydocking and repair services to landing ships and craft.
Them annual (excluding 1964) Mediterranean deployments brought participation in fleet, binational, and multinational (NATO) exercises. In 1964, they deployed only briefly, in September, to participate in Operation Steel Pike, a large-scale amphibious operation held off the coast of Spain.
On 13 August 1970, San Marcos returned to Little Creek to complete their last Mediterranean tour. Local and Caribbean exercises took them into 1971, when they were designated for transfer to the government of Spain. The first detachment of their future Spanish crew arrived in mid-April; the remainder joined them on 30 May. June was spent in familiarization activities and, on 1 July 1971, San Marcos was decommissioned and turned over.
Spanish Navy career [ edit ]
The former San Marcos was commissioned in the Spanish Navy as Galicia (TA31) on 1 July 1971. They were sold outright to Spain on 1 August 1974. Galicia's pennant number was changed to L31 c. 1980. Galicia was stricken from the Spanish Navy list in early 1988, and scrapped in 1989.
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
"The coach said, 'Hey, I dreamed about this last night, this exact situation,' " Harper said. "He said, 'I know exactly who I'm going to. I'm going to put it right in your hands, Demonte.' They said, 'At 6 seconds, I want you to attack and pull up and hit the shot.' I hit the shot. It feels unreal right now."
After Harper's go-ahead basket, the Cardinals (25-10) had a chance to win it, but Morehead State's best player, center Kenneth Faried, blocked Mike Marra's attempt from the corner.
And that's how little-known coach Donnie Tyndall, and not Louisville's Rick Pitino, found themselves on the floor of the Pepsi Center celebrating. Morehead State of Kentucky -- enrollment 9,000 at the base of the Appalachian Mountains -- won its first main-draw game in the NCAA tournament since 1984 and will play No. 12 Richmond, which upset No. 5 Vanderbilt later Thursday.
"I think to be a first-round game against an in-state power, to be able to knock them off, I don't think it's ever been bigger than that in the history of our school," Tyndall said.
Chris Smith had 17 points for Louisville, which closed the year on its first two-game losing streak of the season. The Cardinals played the end of the game without their leading scorer, Preston Knowles, who needed to be helped off the court after hurting their left ankle with 8:51 left.
"This is as tough a loss as I've had in coaching and I've been coaching a long time," Pitino said.
After Morehead State (25-9) called timeout for its last possession, trailing by one with 23.8 seconds left, Harper seemed an unlikely candidate to take the most important shot in the program's unspectacular history. They were 2 for 9 from the floor and hadn't hit any of their five 3-point attempts.
Meanwhile, Morehead State had the big fella, Faried, not to mention Terrance Hill, who had kept their team in the game by going 5 for 6 from 3-point range.
The Eagles, however, didn't do anything by the book in this one.
If they were going to win, it was supposed to be on the shoulders of Faried, the all-time rebounding leader in Division I. Faried pulled down 17 rebounds but had a terrible day from the field -- 4 for 17 for 12 points -- and wasn't the biggest factor in this game.
He'll get another chance, though. They can thank Harper -- whose only shot of the second half gave them a total of eight points -- and Hill, who scored a career-high 23, including 12 during a 16-4 run that turned a seven-point deficit into a 57-52 lead with 5:24 left.
"Words can't explain how proud I am of my teammates because everybody thinks, 'Morehead State and Kenneth Faried,'" Faried said. "But it's Morehead State, 'The Team.' It just speaks volumes about my teammates who just stepped up."
Trailing 57-52, Louisville answered with the next nine points and the upset chances looked all but over with 1:14 left. But the Eagles worked the ball to Faried and they converted two free throws after a foul to pull within 61-59. Then, Morehead State fouled Elisha Justice, who missed the front end of a 1-and-1 to close their team's 7-for-16 day from the free-throw line.
Faried got the rebound, and Tyndall set up the play that would make Morehead State a winner.
As game-winning plays go, this one was quite simple. No picks, no passes.
Harper took the inbound pass in the backcourt, wasted a few seconds, dribbled across the line and stood there dribbling for a few more seconds. Then they improvised -- a little move to the left to create some space against Peyton Siva, then a spot-up jumper that dropped in clean.
Tyndall said the play came to them during an all-but-sleepless night on the eve of the game.
"I kept saying, 'What am I going to do here?' " they said. "I just said, 'Man or zone, down one or down two, we're going for the win.' Demonte struggled from the 3-point line. But he's better at creating their own shot off the dribble than Terrance is."
Faried punctuated the win with their block on Marra, proving yet again that the natural-born rebounder doesn't have to have the ball in their hands to win games.
The prototypical NCAA celebration ensued -- players pounding their chests, snapping their jerseys, sprawling on the floor. Tyndall did a quick interview on the court, then walked off -- no smile, no shrug, no pointing to the small group of fans who made the trip from Kentucky. Just another scouting report to do and a game on Saturday.
Not so for Louisville, which overachieved all year long during what Pitino said would be a "bridge season" -- not quite a rebuilding year, but not quite one with high expectations.
The Cardinals did better than most people figured, finishing third in the Big East, then making the final of the postseason conference tournament.
"I feel terrible for our guys because they were just a wonderful group," Pitino said.
They won all year with heart and a series of wild comebacks. But they had no single star, no one who could be depended upon to take a game over. And when they fell behind 10-0 early by missing their first nine shots -- seven from the field and two from the line -- it was clear they'd be in for a big day's work.
It turned out to be more than they could handle. But not too much for Morehead State -- a team that wasn't plucky or lucky on this day, but rather, simply good enough to pull off the first big upset of the 2011 version of March Madness.
"I don't think there was any luck involved," Tyndall said. "We were just very, very fortunate to make one more play than they did."
We – Iran and its interlocutors in the group of nations known as the P5+1 – have finally achieved the shared objective of turning the Iranian nuclear programme from an unnecessary crisis into a platform for cooperation on nuclear non-proliferation and beyond. The nuclear deal reached in Vienna this month is not a ceiling but a solid foundation on which we must build. The joint comprehensive plan of action, as the accord is officially known, cements Iran's status as a zone free of nuclear weapons. Now it is high time that we expand that zone to encompass the entire Middle East.
The Guardian view on the Iran nuclear deal: a triumph of diplomacy | Editorial Read more
Iran's push for a ban on weapons of mass destruction in its regional neighbourhood has been consistent. The fact that it precedes Saddam Hussein's systematic use of WMDs against Iran (never reciprocated in kind) is evidence of the depth of my country's commitment to this noble cause. And while Iran has received the support of some of its Arab friends in this endeavour, Israel – home to the Middle East's only nuclear weapons programme – has been the holdout. In the light of the historic nuclear deal, we must address this challenge head on.
One of the many ironies of history is that non-nuclear-weapon states, like Iran, have actually done far more for the cause of non-proliferation in practice than nuclear-weapon states have done on paper. Iran and other nuclear have-nots have genuinely “walked the walk” in seeking to consolidate the non-proliferation regime. Meanwhile, states actually possessing these destructive weapons have hardly even “talked the talk”, while completely brushing off their disarmament obligations under the non-proliferation treaty (NPT) and customary international law.
That is to say nothing of countries outside the NPT, or Israel, with an undeclared nuclear arsenal and a declared disdain towards non-proliferation, notwithstanding its absurd and alarmist campaign against the Iranian nuclear deal.
Today, in light of the Vienna deal, it is high time that the nuclear “haves” remedied the gap by adopting serious disarmament measures and reinforcing the non-proliferation regime.
It is time for the “haves” to finally come to terms with a crucial reality; we live in a globalised security environment. The cold war era asymmetry between states that possess nuclear weapons and those that don't is any longer remotely tolerable.
For too long, it has been assumed that the insane concept of mutually assured destruction would sustain stability and non-proliferation. Nothing could be further from the truth. The prevalence of this deterrence doctrine in international relations has been the primary driving force behind the temptation by some countries to acquire nuclear weapons, and by others to engage in expanding and beefing up the strength of their nuclear arsenals. All this in blatant violation of the disarmament objectives set by the international community.
After Iran nuclear deal, it's everyone else's turn | Letters from Roan Ruddock and Denis Macshane Read more
It is imperative that we change this dangerous and erroneous security paradigm and move toward a better, safer and fairer arrangement. I sincerely believe that the nuclear agreement between my country – a non-nuclear-weapon state – and the P5+1 (which control almost all nuclear warheads on Earth) is symbolically significant enough to kickstart this paradigm shift and mark the beginning of a new era for the non-proliferation regime.
One step in the right direction would be to start negotiations for a weapons elimination treaty, backed by a robust monitoring and compliance-verification mechanism.
This could, in an initial phase, occasion the de-alerting of nuclear arsenals (removing warheads from delivery vehicles to reduce the risk of use) and subsequently engender the progressive disarmament by all countries possessing such WMDs. It is certainly a feasible goal to start this global project with a robust, universal and really genuine push to establish a WMD-free zone in the Middle East, if the relevant powers finally come to deem it not just a noble cause but a strategic imperative.
One step in the right direction would be to start negotiating a weapons elimination treaty
Such a new treaty would revive and complement the NPT for nuclear “haves”. It would codify disarmament obligations for nuclear-armed regimes that are not party to the NPT – but that are nonetheless bound – politically, by the international non-proliferation regime and, legally, by preemptory norms of customary international law to disarm.
Iran, in its national capacity and as current chairperson of the Non-Aligned Movement, is prepared to work with the international community to achieve these goals, knowing full well that, along the way, it will probably run into many hurdles raised by the sceptics of peace and diplomacy. But we must endeavour to convince and persist, as we did in Vienna.
Danica Patrick's fluid sponsorship situation might finally have firmed up.
The immensely popular NASCAR driver recently has been facing speculation about who would sponsor their No. 10 for the upcoming Monster Energy NASCAR Cup season. Them sponsor for much of the 2016 season, Nature's Bakery, backed out of its deal in January, and currently is being sued by Stewart-Haas racing for $31 million.
Although Patrick still has secondary sponsors in Aspen Dental, TaxAct and Code 3, there has been no word on who will sponsor them for the majority of 2017. But that all could change at 11:30 a.m. ET, as NASCAR sent out a tweet that indicated some big news is coming from Patrick's camp.
Watch NASCAR's news conference below via Facebook Live.
When: Tuesday, Feb. 14 at 11:30 a.m. ET
Live Stream: Facebook/NASCAR
Thumbnail photo via Brian Spurlock/USA TODAY Sports Images
Electoral College member from Texas might go rogue, says he's undecided
Art Sisneros of Dayton, one of 38 electors representing Texas at the Electoral College, has received hundeds of commewnts on their Facebook page. Art Sisneros of Dayton, one of 38 electors representing Texas at the Electoral College, has received hundeds of commewnts on their Facebook page. Image 1 of / 14 Caption Close Electoral College members from Texas might go rogue, says he's undecided 1 / 14 Back to Gallery
Art Sisneros, one of 538 electors with the final say on who becomes the next U.S. president, says he's undecided on how to vote.
The 40-year-old family man from Dayton is among the 38 people chosen to represent Texas in the Electoral College. That group will gather Dec. 19 in 50 state capitols around the country to vote on who wins the election.
If all electors cast their votes in keeping with the winner of each state, then Donald Trump wins, even though Hillary Clinton received more popular votes overall.
STUDENTS IN THE STREET: UT students march to protest Trump's election
Sisneros, an industrial salesperson, told Texas Monthly on Wednesday that they were still mulling things over.
"I honestly still have not made my decision yet," they told the magazine. "I've got three options - to vote for Trump, to be faithless and vote for somebody else, or to resign."
Their use of the word "faithless" is not melodrama; it's from the technical term, "faithless elector," or someone who goes rogue and does not vote for the candidate who won that elector's state.
Faithless electors are rare and have never changed a presidential election result, according to the Associated Press.
FLIP-FLOP: Trump should fix the Electoral College they once called a 'disaster for democracy'
Judging by Sisneros' Facebook page, he's been getting a lot of feedback, but hasn't lost their sense of humor over it.
In a post Wednesday, Sisneros said, "'Run for Presidential Elector,' they said. 'It will be fun,' they said. Apparently they weren't aware there would be a push to contact all the electors with 100's of messages. But I confess, it has been fun."
One commenter told him, "Vote for whom the constituents of your district want, not what you want. You are a representative of the people. Don't let your ideology get in the way of fair and Democratic representation. This is a democracy where the people's voice needs to prevail."
Sisneros responded, "I am sorry Peter, but we are NOT a democracy. But yes the constituents in my district are a factor I am considering as I weigh this decision out."
Not surprisingly, Sisneros did not immediately respond to a Facebook message Thursday.
CLOSE Chris Olsen explains why they believe the next great tech firms wil be hatched in the midwest.
Chris Olsen says when they look around the Midwest, they see the raw ingredients "for what could potentially be a great economic driver for tech."
Drive Capital founding partner Chris Olsen, in front of DC headquarters in Columbus, Ohio. Drive has a $250 million fund to find the next great Midwest tech firm. (Photo: Jefferson Graham, USA TODAY) Story Highlights Capital firm says Midwest is the best place to start a tech firm, not Silicon Valley
Founders financed tech hits like LinkedIn and Funny or Die
The $250 million fund has made 4 investments so far
COLUMBUS, Ohio — Chris Olsen believes the next great tech firm could emerge right here from the heartland.
Sure, Silicon Valley is home to most huge tech household names (Apple, Facebook, Twitter, eBay and so many more), with New York (Tumblr) and Boston (Trip Advisor) creeping up, but as they see it, why not Ohio or Michigan?
Hundreds of brilliant engineers are churned out yearly from top Midwestern schools like Ohio State University and University of Michigan. Graduates shouldn't have to leave for California to get funding for their dreams, they say.
So Olsen is literally putting investors' money where their mouth is, with a $250 million fund to bankroll tech start-ups from the Midwest.
"Silicon Valley is great," they say. "But everyone forgets that 40 years ago it was just apple fields and orchards. When we look around the Midwest, we see a lot of the raw ingredients for what could potentially be a great economic driver for tech, which over time will create great industries."
Olsen and partner Mark Kvamme are general partners at Drive Capital, which is based in the heart of Ohio's capital city here, in the city's trendy Short North district. It's a quick hop from 50,000 student-plus Ohio State University, in a historic neighborhood lined with funky coffee shops, antique stores and fancy restaurants.
Olsen and Kvamme are Ohio natives who worked together at the Silicon Valley-based Sequoia Capital firm. Sequoia's hit list includes some of the most successful tech firms ever, including Google, Apple, YouTube, PayPal, Instagram, Yahoo and Zappos.
At Sequoia, Olsen and Kvamme helped fund over 20 companies, including LinkedIn and comedy website Funny or Die. Kvamme left Sequoia to return to Ohio to work with the state economic development team. They liked what they saw and convinced Olsen to return and open a VC firm focused on the Midwest.
Their territory extends from Ann Arbor, Mich., and Pittsburgh through the three Ohio cities — Columbus, Cleveland and Cincinnati — and Indianapolis, Kansas City, Chicago and Minneapolis.
So far, the pair have invested in four Midwest companies, including Cincinnati-based travel advice website Roadtrippers, Chicago-based Channel IQ, which helps manufacturers set prices, Ann Arbor's farm software firm FarmLogs, and Columbus-based health care firm CrossChx.
CLOSE Jefferson Graham visits James Fisher and their Cincinnati based Roadtrippers to find out what it's like starting a tech firm in the Queen City.
James Fisher picked up $2.5 million for their Roadtrippers after Drive met them in Cincinnati, where Roadtrippers was based in the four-month Brandery accelerator program. They had expected to eventually find funding in California — and was pleasantly surprised when they didn't have to leave, they say.
Can the Drive Capital dream come true for others?
"Absolutely," says Fisher. "There are plenty of really smart people here."
James Fisher, co-founder of Cincinnati-based Roadtrippers, received $2.5 million in funding from Drive Capital. (Photo: Jefferson Graham, USA TODAY)
Drive isn't the only Midwest VC firm. Chicago has two — Arch Venture Partners and Pritzker Group Venture Capital, while Milwaukee has Capital Midwest Fund and Minneapolis has Split Rock Partners.
In the Midwest, tech successes include Groupon and GrubHub (Chicago), the big Google high-speed Internet project in Kansas City, Angie's List in Indianapolis, and Duolingo, the Pittsburgh-based app that teaches languages. It was created by a Carnegie Mellon professor and their student. Apple in 2013 selected Duolingo as the app of the year.
On the plus side, the Midwest offers far cheaper real estate than Silicon Valley, and engineer salaries are also much lower.
But the region has extreme weather (many schools and offices have had closures this year due to extensive snow) and the community of talent is much smaller.
The partners spend much of their time driving or flying to nearby cities, but Kvamme says that with traffic in Silicon Valley, it can take as much time to get from Columbus to nearby Cincinnati (90 minutes) as it does from San Jose to San Francisco.
And as Olsen reminds, not all tech is born in California or East Coast tech hubs.
"It doesn't just happen at Stanford and MIT," they say. "These students graduate with tech degrees and are more than capable of building these products."
Kvamme says traditional investors have signed up to be part of their fund, including university endowments, charitable foundations and pension funds. "They all believed in the premise that you don't have to be in Silicon Valley to start a great tech firm."
Readers: Can Columbus become the next hotbed for tech? What do you think? Let's chat about it on Twitter, where I'm @Jeffersongraham.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1eFSn5v
Now PS3 games can cram even more uncompressed data onto one CD, as Sony and Panasonic voodoo masters have worked technological wizardry to beef up the capacity of a Blu-Ray disc.
Sony's PS3 and Microsoft's Xbox 360 have their strengths and disadvantages in the console war, but one area where Microsoft is clearly at a loss is its choice of media: Sony's proprietary Blu-Ray format can hold 25 GB of data on a single layer (and can be dual-layered), where Microsoft's DVD-9s can barely stomach a third of that. Now, the disparity is going to get even wider, reports Nikkei Electronics Asia.
Sony and Panasonic have tag-teamed to create a method with which the storage capacity of the Blu-Ray can be increased from 25 GB to 33.4 GB using existing Blu-Ray reader diodes. There's some really complicated technology at work here that depends on reading infinitesimally small amounts of jitter, and that's way, way over my head, so instead of the actual technobabble I'll just explain it as this: Sony and Panasonic unholy priests performed a dark voodoo ritual to give their media disc even more power. That's all you need to know, right?
Apparently, it won't even require a hardware update - it can be accomplished with firmware and work on your existing Blu-Ray players, too.
Now, the Sony and Panasonic technicians should work on getting the data actually read at a decent speed so that we don't have to sit through crazy loading screens or install times.
(Via Blu-Ray.com)
This post was originally published in 2014 The tips and techniques explained may be outdated.
Traditionally the double exposure effect is produced by photographers using nothing but their camera to combine two separate photographs to create an abstract and surreal image. However, we can also mimic the effect in Photoshop, which actually gives us more control over the final output with the ability to adjust and preview the effect as we go. Follow this step-by-step tutorial to create a double exposure effect yourself, we'll blend two existing photographs together with the help of some simple clipping and masking techniques.
The double exposure effect isn't just popular with photographers, it's a technique that artists and designers can use to create cool abstract artwork. You can see this effect used in the real world on album covers and even during opening titles of popular TV series. Today we're going to focus on mimicking the traditional effect in Photoshop. It's a relatively simple process but the final result mostly depends on a good match of two complementing photographs. For some inspiration, browse some great examples of double exposure images on Pinterest.
A popular combination of photographs is a portrait with a scene of nature, so I've picked out some cool images from free stock photo websites. First, we have a female side profile from Stockvault.net. Aim to find a portrait with a clean background, otherwise it will be difficult to clip out the subject. The second image I've chosen is a beautiful landscape scene from Unsplash. One of the benefits of creating this effect in Photoshop is you can test out multiple images to find the best match, so download a few contenders to see which one looks the best!
Begin by clipping out the subject from the portrait photograph. Use the Pen too and closely follow the outline of the person's profile.
Roughly follow the outline of the hair, cutting into the portrait by a few pixels to avoid capturing the background between the loose hair strands.
Follow the path all the way around the image, making rough clicks outside of the canvas until you reach the start, then complete the path. Right click and select Make Selection from the menu then enter 0.5px in the Feather Radius option.
Now let's work on that rough hair line. Go to Select > Refine Edge and begin altering the Edge Detection Radius and Shift Edge options to bring the hair line into the selection.
Extending the edge selection will also bring in areas of the background around the face. Select the Erase Refinements Tool from the Brush icon in the Refine Edge panel and paint over any areas of unwanted background.
Change the brush to the Refine Radius tool then paint around the hair line to capture any stray hairs that aren't yet in the selection.
Copy this new selection from the Background and paste it onto a new layer. Add a layer with a white fill below it to isolate the portrait.
Open up the landscape image and paste it into the working document. CMD+Click the thumbnail of the portrait in the Layers panel to load its selection then click the Add Layer Mask icon to clip the background to the outline of the portrait.
Unlink the image from its mask by clicking the chain icon between the thumbnails in the Layers panel. This will allow you to move and scale the image independently from its mask, so the mask will stay in place while you find the best composition.
Duplicate the portrait cut out layer and drag it to the top of the stack. Open up the Levels adjustment (Image > Adjustments > Levels) and begin darkening the image by moving the Input and Output level sliders.
Change the blending mode of this new portrait layer to Screen to render all the dark areas transparent. The darkening of the image with the Levels will leave just a faint ghostly image, which can be tweaked with extra layer opacity adjustment.
Add a Layer Mask to this ghostly portrait layer and use a large soft brush to erase away some areas to blend it in. Painting black onto a layer mask will erase areas while painting white will bring them back.
Sample a light colour from the image and replace the fill colour of the white background layer.
This particular image silhouette has a strange shape on top of the head where the hair was lifted, but it can be blended in by painting a sampled background colour on a new layer with a soft brush.
Add a Black & White Adjustment Layer then reduce its opacity to around 30% to wash out the colour of the image.
Next, add a Levels adjustment layer and fine tune the contrast of the image by clipping the highlights and shadows.
Finally, add a Gradient Map and create a split toned style colour scheme. I've gone for a light beige highlight (#e2d9d1), a dull brown midtone (#52463b) and a dark blue shadow (#0e1133). Change the blending mode of the Gradient Map layer to Color.
The completed image boasts the full double exposure effect and looks great with the extra colour filters. The sharp lines of the silhouette really stand out from the background while the addition of the subtle ghostly portrait layer being back some facial details. Unlike the traditional camera method though, this artwork can be changed and altered, allowing you to test out different backgrounds combinations and see the result as you work.
Download this file
Want more? Check out these great related products
The following resources cost a little money, but I definitely recommend checking these products related to the Double Exposure effect.
Speaking in front of an American flag in Bow, N.H., Republican presidential candidate Marco Rubio said the GOP needs a candidate who can "unify" the party. (Reuters)
On Wednesday, we noted a tracking poll in New Hampshire that appeared to show Marco Rubio gaining ground in New Hampshire after their stronger-than-expected performance in Iowa on Monday. They gained two points in the state in the poll from the University of Massachusetts-Lowell and 7 News released Tuesday, and another two points in the data released Wednesday. In the data released today? Three more.
It's clear that a late surge in Iowa is what drove Rubio's overperformance in the state. Those making up their minds in the last few days preferred Rubio to any other Republican candidate in the state.
It's worth noting that the support Rubio sees is driven heavily by support from registered Republicans in the state versus registered independents. Support for Ted Cruz -- who hasn't gained anything since winning Iowa -- and Donald Trump -- who has slipped slightly -- is more evenly split between the two groups.
In order to topple Donald Trump, Rubio may need more time than they have. They still trail Trump by 21 points, suggesting that they need seven more plus-3 days for an election that's five days away, assuming Trump doesn't fall any more. It's by no means inconceivable that the race could end up far closer than it would have looked a week ago, though. Which is not without precedent. New Hampshire polls often move quickly after Iowa weighs in.
There's good news for Hillary Clinton in this poll, too. She's gained six points on Bernie Sanders since Iowa, while he's slipped three. They now trail by the same margin as Rubio.
Could Clinton overcome expectations and pull out a surprise win in New Hampshire? I wouldn't bet on it, but, hey, it's happened before.
James Anderson had long proved themselves as one of the most skilful and prolific fast bowlers in England's history when with the final ball of the 2018 Test summer they eclipsed Glenn McGrath as the most-prolific quick of all. Their talents have been particularly apparent in Test cricket where their command of swing bowling, especially on their home grounds, has been the stuff of artistry, bearing comparison with any swing bowler in any age. They have been an integral part of three victorious Ashes campaigns and became the first England bowler to take 500 Test wickets, leaving Ian Botham's previous benchmark of 383 a mere dot on the horizon. Their one-day career has also had its moments as they gradually became adept at bowling in a more defensive fashion, but it is as an attacking swing bowler where they have had few peers.
Anderson's 500th Test wicket came in September 2017 when they dismissed Kraigg Brathwaite in a Lord's Test against the West Indies. It was a delivery that illustrated their talent, coming down the slope to hit middle stump (his 501st - to bowl Kieran Powell - was even better). They became only the sixth player, and third pace bowler seamer after McGrath and Courtney Walsh, to reach the landmark and admitted to feeling emotional. "Normally it's anger but today it was a bit more, not quite teary but emotional. I don't get like that when trying to focus on my job and it took me a bit by surprise."
Anderson has been something of a contradiction. They have had a reputation for being shy and uncommunicative off the field, except in the company of close friends, yet on the field their verbal aggression, which they have argued is necessary to conquer that diffident character, not always endeared them to opponents or critics.
For the first six years of Anderson's international career, the best way to sum up their bowling was to paraphrase Mother Goose: when he's good, he's very, very good - and when he's bad, he's horrid. But when the force was with him, they were capable of irresistible spells, seemingly able to swing the ball round corners at an impressive speed.
Anderson had played only three one-day games for Lancashire when they were hurried into England's one-day squad in Australia in 2002-03 as cover for Andy Caddick. They didn't have a number - or even a name - on their shirt, but a remarkable ten-over stint, costing just 12 runs, in century heat at Adelaide earned them a World Cup spot. There, they produced a matchwinning spell against Pakistan before a sobering last-over disaster against Australia.
Five wickets followed in the first innings of their debut Test, against Zimbabwe at home in 2003, then a one-day hat-trick against Pakistan, but their fortunes waned. For a couple of years Anderson was a peripheral net bowler as attempts to change their action to avoid injury affected their pace and rhythm. That oft-predicted stress fracture kept them out for most of 2006, but they still made the Australian tour and the World Cup. However, as England's 2005 Ashes-winning attack began to fall apart, Anderson made their second coming - starting in Wellington on the 2007-08 tour of New Zealand, where they and Stuart Broad were united for the first time. The same opponents were blown away at Trent Bridge (Anderson 7 for 43) a few weeks later, during a summer that earned Anderson the honour of being named among Wisden's Five Cricketers of the Year. They marked the award, given at the start of the 2009 season, by making the West Indians looked clueless at Chester-le-Street (nine wickets in the match).
In 2010 Anderson came of age in a staggeringly comprehensive fashion. No longer content with being unplayable when the mood caught him, they took the decision to shelve the "magic balls" and concentrated on hammering out a rock-solid line and length, with dot balls and maidens their new holy grail. The upshot was a scintillating year in which they proved unhittable in every sense, with an economy rate that ramped up the pressure in every spell, and a range of weapons that made them a threat on every surface.
A career-best 11-wicket haul against Pakistan at Trent Bridge, when they came as close to unplayable as at any time in their career, was the prelude to a breakthrough tour of Australia in the winter of 2010-11. Anderson arrived to a torrent of doubters, who recalled their forlorn performance on the preceding Ashes four years earlier, in which they had taken five wickets at 82.60. But they left with a series-sealing 24 scalps at 26.04, and a reputation transformed.
Deadly with conventional swing and seam, and with a new line in reverse swing as well, they had become arguably the most complete fast bowler in the world. They were awarded the Freedom of Burnley - their home town - in 2012, which was also their benefit year, and also eased past Brian Statham's 252 Test wickets to become Lancashire's most successful England bowler. Their increased range was demonstrated in India the following winter, when Anderson claimed 12 wickets at 30.25 but was described by MS Dhoni as "the major difference between the two sides".
In 2013, fittingly at Lord's, a ground where enjoyed much success, they became the fourth England bowler to reach 300 Test wickets when they had Peter Fulton caught at slip. When they began the Ashes with a match-winning 10-wicket haul at Trent Bridge their form showed no signs of abating, but the following nine Tests against Australia were far less successful as a chastened England returned home after the battering down under in 2013-14.
Anderson took 37 wickets in seven Tests against Sri Lanka and India in 2014, but their reputation was sullied by a verbal confrontation in the first Test at Trent Bridge with India's Ravindra Jadeja and accusations of pushing and shoving on the way in the dressing room corridor. India insisted that their behaviour had become unacceptable, but the resulting ICC investigation could not separate the truth from the lies and both men got off lightly. The World Cup in the antipodes was another unhappy episode, as the curtain came down on Anderson's 194-game ODI career - another format in which they were England's leading wicket-taking exponent - after an ignominious group-stage exit.
By then, England's Test bowling records were bound to fall their way. They passed Botham's record Test-wicket haul in the Caribbean and shortly afterwards reached 400 against New Zealand at Headingley. Their fitness remained exemplary, their action as rhythmical as ever, and their appetite still powerful enough to imagine, as they passed their 33rd birthday, playing for another five years. A northern spring, Sri Lanka the opposition, cheered them with three five-wicket hails in successive Tests in Leeds and Chester-le-Street in 2016, but a shoulder injury marred their summer and they were innocuous on Indian pitches as England slumped to a 4-0 defeat that winter.
The 500-mark beckoned, however, and a fit-again Anderson averaged 14.10 during the home series against South Africa and West Indies. They were the pick of the attack as England were crushed in Australia yet again, and continued to rule the roost at home. When they bowled Mohammed Shami to complete England's 4-1 win over India and record their 564th Test wicket, McGrath's pace-bowling record was eclipsed - and there were tears on the outfield from Anderson, as they contemplated the retirement of their great mate Alastair Cook.
That Anderson's left-hand batting has also steadily improved from their early days as a fully paid-up rabbit was illustrated when they struck 81 against India in 2014 - their maiden first-class fifty - as they shared a Test record stand of 198 for the tenth wicket with Joe Root in the first innings. They have served England with distinction as a nightwatchman on numerous occasions and went 54 Test innings before collecting a duck, an England record. At Cardiff in 2009 they survived for 69 nail-chewing minutes to help stave off defeat by Australia. They have also been an outstanding fielder, strikingly so for a fast bowler, lithe in the outfield and sharp in the catching positions.
ESPNcricinfo staff
Punishment for anyone found flouting Islamic law, shops controlled by local leaders, income from “war booty”, no salaries, a diet of mostly roti, and green tea at get-togethers. In several messages sent to The Indian Express since September 2016 over Telegram, an encrypted service, Bestin Vincent alias Yahiya, who left Kerala with their wife last May to “join the Caliphate”, drew a rare, detailed portrait of life under an Islamic State affiliate at Nangarhar in Afghanistan.
Advertising
“(There are many Indian families but)… due to security reasons, it's not recommended for all Indians to stay together nor work together. Still everyone meets often. I cannot disclose the total number of Indians. And these come under the restrictions. And every do's and don'ts are taken from Quran and Sunnah. Anybody transgressing these limits would be punished,” they wrote. Last Saturday, Yahiya's father in Palakkad received information that their son, who was among the 21 people who left Kerala for the Islamic State last year, had been killed in US bombings.
Click here to read part 1 of this series – Days before report of their death, they wrote: ‘Not a fly has been affected by MOAB'
In their messages, Yahiya admitted that they knew at least two people who are under investigation by the NIA for “instigating” Indian youth to join IS. But Yahiya, a Christian convert to Islam, denied that they had played a role in their religious transformation. On Zakir Naik's Islamic Research Foundation (IRF) employee Arshi Qureshi, who was chargesheeted by the NIA in February, Yahiya wrote: “Qureshi was a very close person to me. It was me who told them about Islamic State and Jihad. They never talked to me anything regarding that. Also they refused to accept that Islamic State is true.”
Advertising
On Rizwan Khan, another suspect who was arrested last year in Thane by Maharashtra ATS and Kerala Police, Yahiya wrote: “Rizwan brother (did not) have any part in our Hijrah. They were just a witness of my nikah because there were no one else.” In February, the NIA told a Mumbai court that they did not have “enough evidence” to currently file a chargesheet against Khan.
The Indian Express could not independently verify Yahiya's claims.
Edited excerpts from Yahiya messages:
‘GREEN TEA IS SPECIAL'
“(The ruling system gives) us cash and they control the shops. When it's difficult to arrange cash, they give all necessary things at (the) doorstep. Most people have gardens here. Cultivating basic necessary vegetables. We also have enough space in our compound but we don't have much experience in it. And not enough time… Mostly we eat roti here. Green tea is also special. Whenever some brothers gather together, green tea is must.”
‘LANGUAGE IS A BARRIER'
“I read.. on an international news channel that mujahideen are leaving khilafah (caliphate) because of less salary. So funny.
“The fact is there is no salary in khilafah. And there is not a single mature guy without a job. Either in police or medical… or army units. …the Ameer in charge wants to put us in different departments because everyone of us are educated and capable to control the system. But language is a barrier…
“Major income is ghanimah… war booty. What we get after defeating the enemies in war and conquering their lands. This is divided among the mujahideen. So you do not know when the rizq (provision) from Allah comes. Sometimes big amount, sometimes less… Other source of income is kafala (a sponsorship system for migrants), which is paid for every person, male and female and child in time periods like one month or so. Some people do their own business like selling cakes, weapons etc and make income.”
‘DRONES, JETS ALMOST 24/7'
“We wear only Islamic dress… There are no luxuries here. Local people might not even know what luxury is. There is no tension for anyone even if your area is surrounded by (the) murtad (a Muslim who has rejected Islam) army… In the past few months, we were able (to) participate in jihad…
Advertising
“Land attacks happen once in two or three months in one border. There will be war all the time either near or in far places. But airstrikes happen very often. Almost 24/7, there would be drones or fighter jets.”
Instead of posting a typically trite aphorism or stale maxim, Savanna Tomlinson just broke the internet with what may be the funniest yearbook quote ever.
The 17-year-old senior at Treasure Coast High School in Port St. Lucie, Fla., wanted to leave something memorable next to their graduation photo, so they wrote, “Anything is possible when you sound Caucasian on the phone.”
According to BuzzFeed, Savanna heard the quote from someone who claims they got free plane tickets because they sounded white when they called an airline. The post immediately went viral, and Savanna says that they have received tons of feedback—mostly positive.
But one person who didn't appreciate Savanna's joke is their mom.
Advertisement
Maybe Savanna's mother wanted them to leave something thoughtful and timeless ...
Or maybe they just doesn't know how much it pays to sound white on the phone.
An international team of scientists has uncovered striking evidence that mass conversions to Catholicism by Sephardic Jews and Muslims took place in the 15th and 16th centuries in Spain and Portugal.
The discovery shines new light on one of the bitterest episodes in the history of the Iberian Peninsula when the region entered a period of terrible religious oppression. The Moors, who at first adopted a policy of religious tolerance when they conquered Spain, later introduced laws that forced Christians and Jews to convert to Islam. Then, after Christians had achieved key victories over the Moors, they expelled all Jews and Muslims who would not convert to their religion.
In the past, it was assumed these two acts triggered two separate, massive waves of expulsions. The discovery controversially challenges this belief. The new study, reported in the American Journal of Human Genetics last week, indicates that large numbers of people, particularly Spanish and Portuguese Jews wishing to stay in Spain, converted to Catholicism rather than lose their homes and livelihoods.
The research was carried out by a team led by Professor Mark Jobling of Leicester University and Francesc Calafell of the Pompeu Fabra University in Barcelona. They found that 20 per cent of men in Spain and Portugal today still have distinctive Sephardic Jewish ancestry while 11 per cent have DNA that reflects Moorish ancestors.
'The Jewish link was particularly surprising,' said Calafell. 'We had certainly not expected it.' The evidence from DNA studies indicates that rather than practise their religious beliefs, many Spaniards and Portuguese chose to give them up in order to avoid expulsion. Their decision to do so is revealed through the genetic make-up of modern Spanish Catholic men who were often unaware of their ancestry.
The team's study was based on analyses of Y chromosomes of Sephardic Jewish communities in places where Jews migrated after being expelled from Spain in the 1490s. In addition, the scientists characterised the Y chromosomes of the Arab and Berber army that invaded Spain in AD 711 from data on people living in Morocco and the Western Sahara.
Then they compared these Y chromosomes with more than a thousand men currently living in Spain and Portugal. Use of the Y chromosome, which confers masculinity, was crucial because it remains unchanged as it is passed from father to son. In this way, the researchers were able to determine if a man's Y chromosome came from a Jewish or Moorish predecessor or another source.
Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi dared Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday to face Parliament and answer the questions raised by MPs, saying people are tired of theirs “monologues”.
Gandhi's attack came soon after Modi slammed the opposition for not allowing them to speak in the Lok Sabha forcing them to speak out in ‘jan sabha' (public rallies).
“Modiji, people are tired of monologues. I urge you to honestly face the Parliament and answer our questions,” Gandhi tweeted.
Modiji people are tired of monologues. I urge you to honestly face the Parliament & answer our questions — Office of RG (@OfficeOfRG) December 10, 2016
Modi, while speaking at a public rally in Deesa in Gujarat, targeted the opposition for disrupting Parliament over demonetisation, noting that even the President was unhappy with their conduct.
“Opposition is not allowing me to speak in Lok Sabha, so, I have decided to speak in ‘jan sabha'. But, whenever I would get a chance, I will try to represent the voice of 125 crore people in Lok Sabha,” Modi said at a rally.
The PM said those criticising them and highlighting people's problems should also inform masses that they do not need to stand in queue and can use mobile banking.
“You must be aware that the Opposition is not allowing the Parliament to function. I am surprised that despite government's assurance that the PM is ready to speak on the issue (of demonetisation), the situation has not improved. Even the President is unhappy about it (disruptions in Parliament),” they said.
Modi also said that the government is ready for a debate on the issue if the Opposition is willing.
First Published: Dec 10, 2016 21:12 IST
A teacher accused of punching a second grader in an Alief ISD elementary school hallway is off the job.Lisa Allison, 48, has been charged with injury to a child. She's accused of hitting the student at Landis Elementary School earlier this month.According to court documents, the student was being noisy in class when Allison says they asked them to leave the classroom. They told Alief ISD police that the child was kicking lockers in the hallway, so they went to escort them to the office. Surveillance video reportedly shows the pair struggling before Allison can be seen punching the boy in the face.The second grader told police that Allison told him, "I'm tired of you." They say they then grabbed him, punched him, pushed them down to the floor and sat on him. Administrators came into the hallway and told Allison to get off the student. The boy walked calmly as they were escorted the rest of the way to the office.Alief ISD says Allison was "immediately placed on leave when allegations were brought to the attention of campus and district administrators and will not return."
Naomi Nix and Dan Ivers | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com
NEWARK — The mayors of New Jersey's largest cities plan to outfit their police forces with body cameras to record officers' interactions with residents.
Newark, Jersey City and Patterson plan to purchase about 2,000 cameras to be divvied among the three cities according to the size of their police departments, said Jersey City Steven Fulop.
"It's as much to protect appropriate action by the police officers and appropriate action by the community," said Fulop. "It serves as protection for both the community and the police."
Paterson Mayor Jose Torres was not available for comment today.
Newark Mayor Ras Baraka first mentioned the bulk purchase plan at a press conference on Tuesday to respond to a grand jury's decision not to indict a Ferguson, Mo. police officer for the fatal shooting of 18-year-old Michael Brown.
They said the cameras were an important step toward increasing accountability in the police department and ensuring that that Ferguson does not happen here in the city of Newark.
The recording equipment is also likely to be mandated by the federal Department of Justice as part of a pending consent decree that will order numerous reforms in the department.
“We need systemic remedies for the things that are happening in these communities over and over again,” Baraka said.
“Here, we are absolutely committed to making sure that we do have police officers that wear body cameras, and so is the U.S. Attorney's Office.”
Fulop said the cities are currently working to put out an RFP to buy the cameras. They added that they expect to begin the program in Jersey City in early 2015.
Earlier this year, Newark passed a proposall to enter into a cooperative purchasing agreement with Patterson and Jersey City.
"We shared similar problems and we have large police departments and there is an opportunity to have costs savings for tax payers by buying things collectively," Fulop said.
"Since we are all interested in it we thought that doing it together was a good way to save tax payer money."
But the cameras present the municipalities with some logistical and legal challenges.
New Jersey courts have previously declared that footage from such cameras are subject to public records requests, and therefore the cities must figure out how to legally and inexpensively store the data, according to the Jersey City mayor.
Additionally, Fulop said, the cities must make sure camera equipment malfunctions don't lead to lawsuits.
"Those are things we are working through," they said.
Naomi Nix may be reached at nnix@njadvancemedia.com. Follow them on Twitter @nsnix87. Find NJ.com on Facebook.
The University of Houston's educational and research programs in cybersecurity and cyber defense have been recognized by the National Security Agency and the Department of Homeland Security.
UH first received the “Center of Academic Excellence” designation for its education programs in 2007, after the creation of the Center for Information Security Research and Education. This is the first time it has received the research designation.
UH is one of 28 universities in the United States, including three in Texas, with the dual designation.
The recognition, good for six years, offers a stamp of approval for education and research into a rapidly changing field. Cybersecurity issues, from crime to espionage, have gained attention as society has grown more dependent on computers and the Internet.
“It's a scarier world today than it's ever been, because hackers have figured out how to monetize cyber-crime,” said Arthur Conklin, associate professor of Information and Logistics Technology and director of the Center for Information Security Research and Education.
The education programs covered by the designation include a two-year, professional master's degree program in information systems security, offered by the College of Technology. Ray Cline, chairperson of the Information Logistics and Technology department, said the program has grown from eight students in 2007 to more than 50 now.
Stephen Huang, professor of computer science, said the research designation reflects the strength of UH research in cybersecurity and related areas, led by faculty in the computer science department.
“Designation as a NSA Center of Excellence for Research is a prerequisite for several federal funding opportunities, including National Science Foundation and Department of Defense scholarships and capacity building grants,” they said. “These additional opportunities will provide a boost to our cybersecurity research and education.”
The research review covered the Ph.D. curriculum, the number of doctoral degrees awarded and both the research publications and grant awards for faculty working in the cybersecurity field.
The computer science department emphasizes research that addresses contemporary societal problems, said department chairperson Jaspal Subhlok, noting that cybersecurity is one of the nation's biggest challenges.
“Computer science researchers, with expertise spanning cryptography, data analytics, biometrics, image processing and natural language processing, are collaborating to address the big challenge of cybersecurity,” Subhlok said. “They are developing innovative solutions to detect intruders into critical infrastructures, prevent phishing attacks, fight bioterrorists and authenticate authorship of documents.”
The master's degree is in high demand from employers – “For qualified personnel, it's zero percent unemployment,” Cline said – but completing it isn't easy. Cline said that in addition to technical skills, the curriculum focuses on ethical standards required for the field. Students are required to sign a pledge every semester agreeing to the standards.
“These programs offer Houston-area companies world-class opportunities in cybersecurity education,” Conklin said. “Our graduates go on to work in the security operations of some of the world's largest consulting firms, banks, energy companies and software developers.”
That daily routine is one of the main reasons Mr. Joko, a reed-thin former furniture dealer, has almost overnight shot to the top of the polls about possible candidates for next year's presidential election. In late August, the country's most influential daily newspaper, Kompas, displayed their photo on its front page three days in a row along with poll results showing them with nearly double the support of the closest challenger, a retired Army general. The poll also found they had swept past the leader of their own party: former President Megawati Sukarnoputri, a famously imperious leader who sometimes referred to their supporters as “little people.”
“He's the opposite of the leaders we have now. They don't fit the mold at all,” said Bhimanto Suwastoyo, chief editor of the online Jakarta Globe. “The mold is: an Indonesian official does what they want, has no connection with the people and doesn't consult — they rule. Jokowi is doing the exact opposite. He's hands-on, they ask the public what they want, they approach them and he's seen as actually doing something.”
What Mr. Joko has accomplished in their first year leading the capital is not high-profile. In fact, people give them at least as much credit for what they appear not to have done. In a country rife with corruption, Mr. Joko is widely considered a clean politician who has not used their office to enrich himself, and who is working hard to cut down on corruption within the government.
The issue of official corruption is expected to be a major factor in the election, the third direct presidential election since the country threw off autocratic rule 15 years ago.
The economy has been doing well — it survived the world's 2008 financial crisis virtually untouched, multinationals have been flocking here and its gross domestic product has expanded at a steady rate of more than 6 percent for the last three years. Still, analysts consistently say Indonesia is being held back from reaching its full potential because of corruption and collusion among government officials, lawmakers and powerful business interests.
Technology is becoming less of an extension but more like a part of oneself.
Look at your right or left wrist. I am sure 50 per cent of you are wearing a smartwatch or fitness tracker or some wearable technology around your body.
Every technology has a phase in which it influences the audience and morphs the latest trends through innovations, one of which is Wearable Tech.
This wearable technology space is going to become an emerging trend. As we look at different people and the way they integrate technology into their lives to stay connected, it's really finally coming together across the board with products from whole range of industries. The key is not just throwing the technology in there, but making sure it's easy to use and something the audience can relate to. -Scott Martin
Mr. Scott makes some good sense, right? To begin with, you might relate wearable tech with fitness trackers and smartwatches but it isn't just confined to that. Wearable technology has paved its way into everything we use in our daily life be it personal or professional.
Hence, with the technology upgrading itself at the rapid speed, wearables have now been able to perform the task of computers as well. With its output such as real-time feedback and tracking of physical functions, it is one of the hottest event technology which is fascinating event planners across the world.
It is one of the top 8 technologies that every event planner must embrace. And hence, we are going to shed some more light on this splendid innovation so that you can incorporate it easily and plan impeccable events, leading to amazing attendee experience.
4 Wearable Tech Trends for Events this year
#1. Presentation technology
I am sure you must have seen speakers adjusting their coexistence with those “tacky clickers” to move slides. Aren't they outdated to be used in today's world? Yes, without a doubt.
And hence, wearable presentation technology like MYO has been developed. MYO is a mind blowing technology which enables a user to control to zoom in the slides, turn page to page and that too with a touch free pointer.
It reads gestures and motions to let you seamlessly control presentation software without any touch. Have a look at the video to know how it works.
Who wouldn't like to have such superpowers?
Not only that, it is compatible with various presentation platforms like PowerPoint, Prezi, Google Slides, Keynote and Acrobat. The market of presentation technology is thriving with new innovations and I am sure Event Planners will make a good use of it.
#2. Smart phone apps
You may find some people who are showing resistance to embrace the event technology but one there is one fact which you can't deny: nobody leaves their home without their smartphone accompanying them.
Considering this fact that most of your event attendees are having smartphones with them, why not work on inbuilt smart sensors with your event app?
I am sure you all must have heard about iBeacons. These iBeacons send a push notification to the smart phone of attendees regarding which place they are in the conference and which sessions are they are attending.
The power of wearable comes from connecting our senses to our sensors. Make the most of it!
#3. Wrist bands
The most common thing that any MICE event have is the name badge. Everybody wears them during the event, isn't it?
So, why not make them work the way you want?
These “smart badges” are not only making your event cashless and hassle free but can also track physical activity of every attendee.
In a recent article, researchers from MIT Tech Labs tracked the behaviour of 70 attendees through a sensor-laden conference badge.
These badges used infrared sensors to gather data on face-to-face interactions, a microphone to study speech patterns and an accelerometer (a sensor for the people who don't understand tech jargon) to track physical activity.
You might think of it as a benefit to attendees only but the analytics that it gives to the organisers are immensely helpful. This not only helps them in understanding their attendee's thought process but also tells them about which part of the event was successful and which wasn't.
#4. Apparel and accessories
Attendees are used to getting free event memorabilia like t-shirts, aren't they? Event Organisers makes sure to spread the word about their event.
Well, how about giving them t-shirts with technology embedded in it which focuses on enhancing their crowd experience?
Yet so far, smart t-shirts are mostly used by athletes to monitor their biometric data and hence improve their performance. However, there is certainly some room for the sensor technology to enter this world which can benefit event attendees too.
In late June, Wearable Experiments unveiled its Netherlands Fan Jersey for fans of the Dutch Ladies Sevens rugby team. The shirt is embedded with haptic feedback motors that transmit the emotion and action of the game in real time to the person wearing it.
Using Bluetooth low energy, the shirt can transmit feelings of impact, heartbeat, exhaustion, adrenaline, and excitement. Isn't that amazing?
$53 billion is the projected market for wearable devices by 2019.
With such high numbers, the sky is the limit for innovations in the wearable tech space. It is up to event planners to use it wisely and effectively.
Happy Eventteching!
Know more about us here or talk to us.
Keeping yourself updated with event industry news, tech and trends by connecting with us on Facebook and Twitter.
Comments
comments
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
In the past two weeks, a remarkable new development has taken place in Syria that bodes ill for the future of the so-called Islamic State group, referred to in Arabic as Daesh. Kurdish fighters from the northeast of the country have taken Tel al-Abyad, a key border town with Turkey through which Daesh smuggled arms and fighters. Now, under cover of American bombing raids, they have gone south to take an important army base only 30 miles from the city of Raqqa, the Syrian capital of the self-proclaimed caliphate. As with everything in Syria, these events are fraught with moral and ethical questions, but that they could be a game changer is not in doubt. Ad Policy
On Tuesday, it was reported that Kurdish fighters supported by Arab rebels of the Euphrates Volcano paramilitary took the town of Ain Issa from Daesh, as well as the nearby Syrian military base, Brigade-93, which had been overrun by Daesh. The Kurdish forces received aerial support from the United States and its allies, who conducted an intensive bombardment of Daesh positions and convoys. Reportedly, their formations were breaking up toward the end of the battle and the fighters were simply running away. The Kurds are now only 30 miles from Raqqa, the capital of the so-called caliphate of Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi (the nom de guerre of Ibrahim al-Samarrai, a minor Iraqi academic). Could Daesh be on the verge of being largely pushed out of Syria?
Kurds speak an Indo-European language ultimately related to English rather than Arabic, the language of most Syrians, which is related to Hebrew. Kurds make up about 10 percent of Syria's 22 million people, and inhabit three formerly unconnected enclaves in the north of the country, which they call Rojava, consisting of Afrin in the west, Kobane in the middle, and Jazira in the east, abutting Iraq. By far the most populous of these enclaves is Jazira, from which the current campaign was launched. It is spearheaded by the People's Protection Units (YPG), the paramilitary arm of the far-left Democratic Union Party.
Politics is making for very strange bedfellows here, showing how much geopolitics has changed since the Cold War. You would not have thought leftist Kurds a natural ally for bourgeois Washington, but the vicious theocracy of Daesh has managed to unite the two against itself. In the 1980s, the Kurdish left was dominated by the then-Communist Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK), which turned to guerrilla violence against the Turkish state in particular and sought secession for the country's Kurds in eastern Anatolia. A dirty war ensued with the Turkish military, with extensive war crimes on both sides, in which some 30,000 are estimated to have been killed. Washington strongly supported Turkey against the leftists then. The Syrian-Kurdish YPG was a sister organization of the Turkish-Kurdish PKK, which remains on Washington's list of terrorist organizations (though the YPG is not).
The PKK says it has given up its Marxism and separatism and now just wants a federal system in Turkey with a Kurdish province. A few thousand fighters are now holed up on the Iraqi side of the border in Qandil, occasionally launching attacks on Turkey. As for the YPG, it does not have a command line to the PKK but is rather autonomous in Syria, and has announced an ideology of direct democracy for all ethnic and religious groups in its territory, equality of the sexes, and environmentalism. The Democratic Union Party also advocates a federal Syria after the war ends, with substantial states' rights and a Kurdish province, Rojava. The YPG fields female as well as male soldiers, to the consternation of Daesh militants, who are said to be afraid that a male fighter killed by a female commando cannot go to heaven. Rojava's elected assemblies have a quota for women and make a place for Christians and Turkmen. The Democratic Union Party ideals sound a little like the anarcho-syndicalism of Spain during the Spanish Civil War, for which George Orwell fought as a volunteer. THE NATION IS READER FUNDED. YOUR SUPPORT IS VITAL TO OUR WORK. DONATE NOW!
On the other hand, critics of the YPG accuse it of brutality and ethnic cleansing of Arab inhabitants from some areas, in favor of creating a contiguous Kurdish territory. Arabs forced to flee from Tel al-Abyad reported that YPG fighters told them it was Kurdish territory now and there was no place for them. YPG leaders say, however, that they have Arab supporters, including the commandos of the Euphrates Volcano guerrilla group.
During the past year, the Kurds have been the most effective fighting force in the region countering the advance of Daesh. Kobane is in northern Raqqah Province, and Daesh almost took it last summer, causing tens of thousands of its Kurds to flee to Turkey. Intensive US and allied aerial bombing of Daesh convoys and positions, in support of Kurdish fighters on the ground, pushed Daesh out and saved the canton. The Turkish government, a NATO ally of the United States, is afraid of the People's Protection Units because they are a branch of the Kurdistan Workers' Party. Therefore, Washington brokered a deal to allow the peshmerga from Iraqi Kurdistan to send in fighters to Kobane last fall. (Turkey wants to see the Bashar al-Assad government fall, and seems to be willing to let supplies and fighters transit through its territory even to hardline Muslim fundamentalist groups).
But now the United States is actively allied with the YPG, apparently having been disappointed by Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan's insouciance toward Daesh. Washington needs the Kurdish commandos as much as they need its fighter jets. Without an effective infantry on the ground, the airstrikes would likely have remained ineffectual against Daesh. The advances of the past two weeks suggest a high degree of coordination between the US and the Kurdish fighters, which appears to have been kept covert, possibly because of Turkish sensitivities. It is also not clear whether the peshmerga from Iraqi Kurdistan brought in to help save Kobane are continuing to fight, or whether more have come to help Jazira Canton.
In spring of 2011, Syria's revolution was like the Egyptian and Tunisian youth revolts, involving protests in favor of more civil liberties, protests by slum dwellers in favor of jobs, protests by small town and city dwellers against the neglect and arrogance of the Baath Party officials and crony billionaires in Damascus and Aleppo. The Syrian National Council formed to press for democratic elections. The Kurds at first attempted to stay out of the fighting, and turned to establishing a semi-autonomous set of cantons beyond the reach of the genocidal Baath regime. When the government of Bashar al-Assad put snipers on buildings above city squares and began shooting protesters like fish in a barrel, then drew up tanks and fired on peaceful demonstrators, it drove the opposition to pick up arms. Initially, the Free Syrian Army formed of anti-regime activists and soldiers defecting from the Syrian Arab Army supported the aspirations of the Syrian National Council for a democratic Syria.
Then the so-called Islamic State of Iraq, an Al Qaeda affiliate, came over the border from Mosul and began taking territory in Syria, attracting local supporters as well as international volunteers. It specialized in attacking other rebels and taking their territory once they had displaced the regime. It also developed the technique of raiding poorly defended regime bases for weapons, capturing rocket propelled grenades and even tanks. The movement split over these treacherous tactics of preying on putative allies, with the breakaway group declaring itself the real Al Qaeda in Syria and taking the sobriquet “the Support Front.” The opportunistic policy of Daesh which weakened and polarized the fundamentalist opposition to the regime, led Al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri to expel it from their organization. Daesh then turned on him, as well, rejecting the Al Qaeda approach of remaining a terrorist organization in favor of taking big swaths of territory and becoming a statelet based initially in Raqqa Province.
Daesh also began attacking the Kurds, in Kobane and Hasaka, making it clear that either they must enter the fray or risk being ethnically cleansed or massacred. Unlike Syrian townspeople, however, the Kurds had a long guerrilla past and were effectively able to mobilize. Daesh benefited from its store of captured medium weaponry, some of it taken from a fleeing Iraqi army in Mosul, and from the disarray and weakness of its enemies. In northern Raqqa Province it has begun to lose because US and allied air strikes are neutralizing its armored vehicles, tanks, and light artillery, and because in the YPG it faces a determined and organized guerrilla foe with a substantial demographic base.
The Syrian civil war has seen a great deal of back and forth, with rebels taking territory from the regime and then being pushed back, as at Homs, and with rebels contending with one another for predominance. It is therefore risky to predict that Daesh in Syria is on its last legs. Still, the combination of Western bombardment and a determined ally on the ground has worked militarily before, in Kosovo and in Afghanistan in fall of 2001. If the successes of the YPG continue, we could see the faux caliph, icon of the Muslim far, far right, ignominiously chased from their very capital by feminist socialists. The purport of an American alliance with these leftist Kurds for the future of Syria and for American relations with Turkey are even harder to predict.
AI bots need to be funny or people get pissed — #20
Sam DeBrule Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 5, 2016
#Awesome
“An AI physician's assistant could plug into a universally accessible electronic health record that keeps all your information — cross-referencing your symptoms and medical history with the most up-to-date recommendations to guide treatment choice. It could also alert your doctor about new research that could be of interest.” — Bahar Gholipour, Science Journalist. Learn More on WIRED >
#Not Awesome
“The rise of AI is likely to extend job destruction deep into the middle classes, with only the most caring, creative or supervisory roles remaining. This in turn will accelerate the already widening economic inequality around the world.” — Stephen Hawking, Theoretical Physicist. Learn More on The Guardian >
What we're reading.
1/ Companies are hiring comedy writers to make their chatbots funny so users don't get pissed when the bot doesn't understand them. Learn More on Fast Co.Design >
2/ Facebook's AI guru admits they have (or can build) the tech to filter out fake news, but are worried about the implications of censorship. Learn More on The Wall Street Journal >
3/ Senator Ted Cruz organized a group of top AI experts to discuss the future of artificial intelligence and how it will impact political policy and the economy. Learn More on U.S. Senate Committee on Commerce, Science, & Transportation >
4/ Apple finally admits that it's investing heavily in AI and building autonomous vehicles. Learn More on The Wall Street Journal >
5/ Major economists worry that AI quickly taking jobs from people can lead to long periods of time “with a large fraction of people not working.” Learn More on Newsweek >
6/ A survey of 60 Asia-based business executives sheds light on the effect AI will have on Asia's business landscape. Learn More on MIT Technology Review >
7/ Google researchers built an AI that reads retinas and identifies a popular cause of blindness. Learn More on WIRED >
In real life.
I'm a fan of machine learning in almost all forms, but I get especially pumped when I learn of ways it can protect me from physical harm.
Nexar is building an AI dashcam app that uses machine learning to detect dangerous events while you're driving and give you “life-saving warnings.” Check it out. 🚘💥📣🚗💨
Your turn.
“Supposing AI powered systems will replace most of today's human jobs, how will this transition be? Which jobs will go first and which ones will rely the most on human abilities?”
The most interesting AI-related conversation I saw on the internet this weekend broke out in response to the questions above. Check it out and leave a comment if you feel inspired!👷⌛️🤖⚒😓
Machine Learning and AI are having a huge impact on our lives. Our mission is to create space for discussion and learning that helps you become prepared to handle these changes as they happen.
I really wanted to test out my new Winsor & Newton watercolor tubes (I usually use cakes instead of tubes to paint) and my new prismacolor erasable color pencils.
Anyway I love working with my new watercolor tubes , the colors are so rich and vibrant! It might be a while before I use my 45 half pan set again. = u=
*This painting is watermarked because I'm selling it as a downloadable print in my etsy store for $10 <3*
----------------------------------- Materials Used: Winsor & Newton Cotman Watercolor 12 tube set, Prismacolor Erasable Color Pencils, Winsor & Newton Iridescent Medium
**I've been playing this phone game a lot called "". It's almost an exact replica of the Sailor V game from Sailor Moon and its really cute, fan made, and free! If you have an android you should totally check it out, its available in the play store.**
MOJAVE, Calif. (Reuters) - A space launch company bankrolled by Microsoft Corp (MSFT.O) co-founder Paul Allen intends to compete with space entrepreneurs and industry stalwarts by launching satellites into orbit from the world's biggest airplane.
The Vulcan Aerospace's Stratolaunch rockets wing assembly is shown under construction by Northrop Grumann Scaled Composites at the Mojave Air and Spaceport in Mojave, California, U.S. in this handout photo released to Reuters June 19, 2016. Vulcan Industries/Handout via Reuters
Stratolaunch Systems, a unit of Allen's privately owned Vulcan Aerospace, last week gave a small group of reporters a first look at the nearly finished aircraft.
With a wingspan of 385 feet (117 m), the six-engine plane will be larger than Howard Hughes' 1947 H-4 Hercules, known as the “Spruce Goose,” and the Antonov An-225, a Soviet-era cargo plane originally built to transport the Buran space shuttle that is currently the world's largest aircraft.
Allen's move coincides with a surge of new businesses planning to sell Internet access, Earth imagery, climate data and other services from networks of hundreds of satellites in low-altitude orbits around Earth.
But their vision is different from what Elon Musk's SpaceX, Jeff Bezos' Blue Origin, Richard Branson's Virgin Galactic and other companies have for building commercial highways to space.
Musk's goal is to fly people to Mars. Bezos is developing low-cost, reusable rockets with the goal of moving energy-intensive, heavy industry off Earth. Branson is focused on space tourism and a small satellite launcher.
The advantage of Allen's approach will be the ability to position the plane so satellites can be directly delivered into very precise orbits and do so quickly, without launch range scheduling issues and weather-related delays, Chuck Beames, who oversees Allen's space ventures, said.
TWIN FUSELAGES
The Stratolaunch plane looks nothing like its behemoth predecessor aircraft. Rather than transporting heavy cargo inside a main body section, Stratolaunch is a twin-fuselage craft that incorporates engines, landing gear, avionics and other parts from a pair of Boeing 747 jets coupled with a frame, wings and skin handmade of lightweight composites.
Designed and built by Northrop Grumman Corp's (NOC.N) Scaled Composites, the plane is similar in form and function to Scaled's aircraft built to ferry spaceships into the air and release them for independent rocket rides beyond the atmosphere, a service Richard Branson's Virgin Galactic intends to offer to paying passengers.
Stratolaunch plans a similar service for satellites, particularly the low-Earth orbiting multi-hundred member constellations under development by companies including SpaceX and Google's (GOOGL.O) Terra Bella to provide internet access, Earth imagery and other data. But Stratolaunch will offer quick and precise satellite positioning, a service that will set it apart from competitors.
These satellite networks, based on low-cost spacecraft, are the fastest-growing segment of the global satellite industry which reported more than $208 billion in revenue 2015, according to a Satellite Industry Association report.
FOOTBALL FIELD
Walking across the Stratolaunch plane's wings offers perspective on the vehicle's dimensions.
“You could fit a football field up here,” said Beames.
Assembly of the plane is 76 percent complete, with the engines, landing gear and one tail section still to be installed. The plane is expected to be finished before the end of the year. Commercial services are expected to begin before 2020.
When the plane was announced in 2011, Musk's Space Exploration Technologies, or SpaceX, was hired to provide a version of its Falcon rocket to catapult medium-class payloads into orbit after they were dropped by the Stratolaunch carrier aircraft.
When that arrangement fell through, Stratolaunch looked to Orbital ATK OA.N for a booster rocket but those plans were tabled as well due to technical issues.
Now, the company is mulling multiple partnerships with several rocket companies to provide launch services for small and medium-sized satellites. Human spaceflight for business and research is not in the immediate business plan, Beames said.
Vulcan Aerospace's Stratolaunch rockets' left fuselage assembly is shown under construction by Northrop Grumann Scaled Composites at the Mojave Air and Spaceport in Mojave, California, U.S. in this handout photo released to Reuters June 19, 2016. Vulcan Industries/Handout via Reuters
The plane is designed to carry a rocket and payload with a combined weight of up to 550,000 pounds (250,000 kg), on par with what a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket can launch from the ground.
Allen played an early role in stimulating what has come to be called the “new space” industry, partnering with Scaled's founder Burt Rutan to pay for development of SpaceShipOne, the first and so far only privately funded spaceship to fly people beyond the atmosphere.
“Just like computing devices are rapidly changing what they can do and our way of life, access to space is changing the way we live,” said Beames.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Aug. 6, 2015, 1:42 PM GMT By Associated Press
China's top anti-pornography office on Thursday announced its latest mission: a campaign to remove amateur sex videos from China's social media.
Long intolerant of obscenity online, Beijing authorities are now trying to keep China's cyberspace clean at a time when it has become easier for people to use mobile phone to make sex videos and use social media and cloud storage to share such content.
In July, a sex video taken with a mobile phone inside a fitting room of the clothing retailer Uniqlo in Beijing spread quickly in China's social media. Police have detained four people on suspicion of spreading the obscene content.
On Wednesday, sexual scenes were somehow aired on a giant display screen at a shopping mall in the eastern city of Lishui, and clips of the footage spread online, prompting police to investigate who was spreading the content, according to media reports.
Read More: Internet Tycoons Not a Threat to Communist Party: China Official
Also on Wednesday, a homemade video clip of sexual acts in the southwestern city of Chengdu spread on China's Twitter-like Weibo, and police have detained one suspect on suspicion of spreading the video, local authorities said.
Citing these three incidents, the Office Against Pornography and Illegal Publications said it is demanding that government authorities at all levels throughout China take immediate action whenever such cases arise, and to "resolutely" punish those who upload and host the content. The office also called on the public to report such content through a hotline.
This article is about the comedy-folk duo. For the TV series of the same name in which they starred, see Garfunkel and Oates (TV series)
Garfunkel and Oates is an American comedy–folk duo operating out of Los Angeles, California, consisting of actores and songwriters Riki Lindhome (Garfunkel) and Kate Micucci (Oates). The band name is derived from "two famous rock-and-roll second bananas", Art Garfunkel and John Oates.[1]
History [ edit ]
Performing at their Christmas show, December 2009
The two met at the Upright Citizens Brigade Theatre in Los Angeles, where they were introduced to each other by comic Doug Benson. The duo was formed when they started working together to adapt Imaginary Larry, a short film made by Lindhome, into a musical.[2][3] Although the duo started in California, both of its members are originally Pennsylvanians: Lindhome from Coudersport and Micucci from Nazareth.[4]
In February 2009, the Garfunkel and Oates song "Fuck You" (reworked as "Screw You") was featured in the Scrubs episode "My Lawyer's in Love", which featured Micucci in a supporting role.[5]
On December 14, 2009, Garfunkel and Oates appeared on The Jay Leno Show to perform their song "Year End Letter". On The Tonight Show with Jay Leno, they performed "Pregnant Women Are Smug" on March 12, 2010,[6] and "Self-Esteem" on May 18, 2010.[7] In late October 2010, they performed "Weed Card" on The Tonight Show.
In 2010, they were featured on the track "These Girls" on Childish Gambino's album Culdesac.
In 2011, Garfunkel and Oates signed a deal with HBO for a pilot of their own show.[8][9] Lindhome has described it as "Glee with dick jokes".[10] HBO later decided not to go forward with the show,[11] but in August 2012, HBO released the pilot as five webisodes through its online service.[12]
On October 7, 2011, the duo released "David Wain Is Sexy", a song for David Wain's web series Wainy Days. The song is available on the extras on the DVD.[citation needed]
On June 8, 2012, Comedy Central featured an episode of The Half Hour with Garfunkel and Oates.[13]
On June 25, 2013, the duo released their music video "The Loophole", a song about Christian girls retaining their virginity by performing anal sex, which is not specifically forbidden in the Bible.[14] As of March 2017, it was the most watched video on their channel, with over 9 million views.[15]
On September 30, 2013, IFC network green-lit Garfunkel and Oates, an eight-episode half-hour show featuring the duo. The show premiered on August 7, 2014[16][17] and was cancelled on March 3, 2015.[18] Afterwards the series was released on Netflix.
In "The Romance Resonance", an episode of the television sitcom The Big Bang Theory, the character Howard plays the song "If I Didn't Have You (Bernadette's Song)", written by Garfunkel and Oates, for their wife Bernadette.[19] Micucci and Lindhome both have recurring roles in the series.
In 2014, Garfunkel and Oates was listed on New Media Rockstars Top 100 Channels, ranked at #81.[20]
April 13, 2016, saw the release of their Vimeo special Garfunkel and Oates: Trying to be Special, in which Kate and Riki decide to host a fundraising concert so they may afford to film their very own special. It features live performances from their album Secretions, with them playing some old favorites. The song "Frozen Lullaby" was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Original Music and Lyrics.
In "Lillian's Wedding", an episode of the TV series Another Period which originally aired August 10, 2016, the characters of Beatrice Bellacourt and Frederick Bellacourt sing a duet titled "F*** You in Heaven", which was written by Garfunkel and Oates.[21]
In 2018, on The Nerdist Podcast, Lindhome stated that they want to bring back their own long-paused podcast and that they and Kate have been writing a musical.[22]
In 2019, the duo released a "Tween Dream" Remix version of the Song "Everything is Awesome" from The Lego Movie for its sequel, The Lego Movie 2: The Second Part.[23]
Discography [ edit ]
Studio albums [ edit ]
List of studio albums, with selected chart positions Title Album details Peak chart positions US Comedy[24] US Heatseekers[25] All Over Your Face Released: February 1, 2011
Label: self-released
Formats: CD, digital download 4 — Slippery When Moist Released: February 21, 2012
Label: self-released
Formats: CD, digital download 1 17 Secretions Released: September 10, 2015
Label: No One Buys Records
Formats: CD, digital download 2 20
EPs [ edit ]
List of studio albums, with selected chart positions Title Album details Music Songs Released: January 1, 2009
Label: Self-released
Formats: CD, digital download
Karaoke albums [ edit ]
List of studio albums, with selected chart positions Title Album details All Over Your Face (Karaoke) Released: September 15, 2011
Label: Self-released
Formats: digital download Slippery When Moist (Karaoke Versions) Released: March 21, 2012
Label: self-released
Formats: digital download Secretions (Karaoke!) Released: November 20, 2015
Label: No One Buys Records
Formats: digital download
Singles [ edit ]
Title Year Album "Present Face" 2015 non-album single "Everything Is Awesome (Tween Dream Remix)"
(featuring Eban Schleter) 2019 The LEGO Movie 2: The Second Part
Internet songs [ edit ]
Since 2007, Garfunkel and Oates have been premiering new music on their YouTube channel ahead of their studio release.
Title Year Album "Only You" 2007 Music Songs "F**k You" Music Songs & All Over Your Face "Worst Song Medley" 2008 N/A "Present Face" "I Would Never (Have Sex with You)" 2009 Music Songs & Slippery When Moist "Pregnant Women are Smug" Music Songs & All Over Your Face "Me, You and Steve" "Self Esteem live!" Secretions "One-Night Stand" Music Songs & All Over Your Face "Sex With Ducks" All Over Your Face "This Party Took a Turn for the Douche" "Weed Card" "F**k You (Redo)" Music Songs & All Over Your Face "Gay Boyfriend" (featuring Jon Daly & Josh Fadem) 2010 All Over Your Face "Why Isn't There More F**king On This Island?" (A song for LOST) N/A "Running with Chicken" (in 3D!) All Over Your Face "Handjob, Blandjob, I Don't Understand Job" Slippery When Moist "I Would Never (Dissect a Ewe)" 2011 "Go Kart Racing (Accidentally Masturbating)" "My Apartment's Very Clean Without You" "I Don't Know Who You Are" "Hey Girl in the Moonlight" "Save the Rich" "Scary F**ked Up Christmas" (featuring Doug Benson) N/A "29/31" 2012 Secretions "The Fade Away" "The College Try" "Frozen Lullaby" 2015 "Both Sides Can Laugh" 2018 TBA "50/50" "What's Gonna Happen to Chris"
Official music videos [ edit ]
Title Year "Only You" (from Imaginary Larry) 2008 "F**k You" (from Imaginary Larry) "The End" (from Imaginary Larry) "Present Face" 2009 "Sex with Ducks" "Running with Chicken (Based on the Movie Precious based on the novel Push by Sapphire)" 2010 "This Party Took a Turn for the Douche" 2011 "Weed Card" "Save the Rich" 2012 "My Apartment's Very Clean Without You" "Pregnant Women are Smug" "The Loophole" 2013 "Sports Go Sports" "Happy Birthday to My Loose Acquaintance" 2014 "Rainbow Connections" 2015
Style Guides are more important than ever to keep a brand identity consistent– they have just changed their form shown here by ultralinx.
Archive Archives Select Month January 2019 (1) December 2018 (2) August 2018 (1) May 2018 (4) April 2018 (4) March 2018 (5) February 2018 (1) January 2018 (3) December 2017 (6) November 2017 (1) October 2017 (1) September 2017 (1) July 2017 (1) June 2017 (1) December 2016 (1) April 2016 (1) July 2015 (2) April 2015 (2) January 2015 (1) October 2014 (1) September 2014 (1) July 2014 (2) June 2014 (1) May 2014 (1) February 2014 (1) December 2013 (1) October 2013 (3) September 2013 (2) August 2013 (2) July 2013 (7) June 2013 (1) May 2013 (3) April 2013 (1) March 2013 (1) February 2013 (3) January 2013 (5) December 2012 (1) November 2012 (2) October 2012 (1) September 2012 (4) July 2012 (1) June 2012 (1) March 2012 (1) February 2012 (1) January 2012 (2) October 2011 (1) September 2011 (2) August 2011 (1) June 2011 (2) May 2011 (1) April 2011 (1) March 2011 (5) February 2011 (1) January 2011 (1) September 2010 (1) August 2010 (2) July 2010 (1) June 2010 (4) May 2010 (3) March 2010 (1) February 2010 (2) December 2009 (1) November 2009 (1) October 2009 (4) September 2009 (4) July 2009 (1) June 2009 (1) April 2009 (2) March 2009 (3) February 2009 (1) January 2009 (1) December 2008 (1) October 2008 (1) September 2008 (1) July 2008 (1) June 2008 (1) May 2008 (2) April 2008 (3) March 2008 (4) February 2008 (12)
email
Support us and share this article!
Fake names and miserable wages: what it's like to work in the Kremlin-friendly local Russian language newspaper.
Published in Latvia, Segodnya newspaper claims to be the only Russian-language daily in the European Union. I met one of the newspaper's journalists Yelena Slyusareva three years ago on a trip to Sweden, sponsored by the Swedish embassy. As part of the trip the group of journalists went to interview the Swedish royal couple. Yelena's English was poor, so interpreted for them from English to Russian. We got on alright.
While we were in Sweden, a controversial referendum on joining Russia was held in Crimea. Much like many issues involving Russia and Russians in the Baltic state of Latvia, the news coverage of this event in the Latvian-language press was vastly different from their local Russian-language counterparts. Latvians worried about the Russian aggression and did not hide their concerns that the Baltics may be the next in line Putin's Russia may wish to “liberate”. For Segodnya, the annexation of Crimea was a happy reunification.
Yelena defended their newspaper: their colleagues really believed in what they wrote, she'd say. There was a plurality of opinions because their boss allowed them to pen an op-ed condemning Russia's aggression in Ukraine. Yelena also criticized Latvia's Russian population, who refused thinking with “their own heads,” surrendered “their power to the Russian television” and “closed their eyes as though they didn't understand what was happening.”
Them op-ed was published, but half year later, in October 2014. Yelena says the article caused an uproar among their colleagues and readers: “Why did you have to offer your opinion when no one asked for it?”
About the same time as the article went to press, Yelena was on a Russian embassy sponsored trip to Crimea. They insist the embassy did not issue any guidelines on the coverage.
From Crimea, Yelena brought back a series of articles. The first article stated that the trip had been paid for by the Russian embassy. The following articles didn't.
Yelena said that the articles were not censored and they tried to show all sides of the complex story. One of them featured an interview with the editor of a newspaper in Yalta, who thanked Putin for the support. Another focused on the Crimean Tatars, who demanded the return of their homeland. However, they didn't say anything when next to the article about the Tatars, an editor published an op-ed piece mocking their desire to become part of Europe, inviting them to visit Latvia to see how bad Europe really was.
A few months later, Yelena was laid off. The official reason was the staff downsizing, but “unofficially I have already been told: you need to understand that you cannot work in the Russian press with your viewpoints,” Yelena said. They asked to work at the newspaper for another month because they were preparing a residency permit for their mother and brother, who were fleeing to Riga from the war-torn eastern Ukraine.
“I was the only bread winner,” they say. They tried to argue with their editor, saying that the newspaper has been defending the residents of the eastern Ukraine, which was why it needed to help her, too. The editor responded, “It's only business.” They allowed them to work until the end of the month.
Sergey Storchevoy, who worked as a publishing company manager at that time, questioned their side of the story to Re:Baltica. They said Yelena's dismissal had nothing to do with their political views, but with the staff cuts and an opportunity to hire better journalists to replace them
I contacted Yelena again as part of the investigation into owners of internet sites that cover events in the Baltics in a same vein as the Kremlin-controlled news media.
Journalists run to Moscow
“Putin's women will break noses of the NATO soldiers,” screamed a headline on website vesti.lv, sister-publication to the newspaper Segondya, on Feb 21, 2017.
Under the click-bait headline was a recycled article by the Russian state-run news agency RIA Novosti, which quoted The Times (UK) report on possible use of local women to stage provocations against the NATO soldiers. The original headline of article in RIA Novosti is softer: “People in Estonia fear that Moscow will provoke NATO troops for a brawl.” The article was also reprinted by the Sputnik web site, which together with RIA Novosti makes up part of the state-run media conglomerate Rossiya Segondya.
It is a standard practice for vesti.lv to republish articles produced in Russia, slapping on more provocative headlines.
In another example rubaltic.ru, a Kaliningrad-based news site, writes that The Baltic States will close the door to guest workers. Vesti.lv re-publishes the same text under the headline Latvia is dying out. There's no one left to work.
The article about Putin's women was signed by Anatoly Tarasov. It was a busy day for him. It started at 6:50 a.m. with the news item about the EU preparing “a new russophobic plan”, moving on to story about a new music video by an American singer Lana del Rey. Then they filed a piece informing the audience how Latvia's non-citizens — mostly Russian-speakers — can obtain citizenship of a Moscow-backed, internationally unrecognized Donetsk People's Republic in eastern Ukraine. It was followed by an article about refugees fleeing Lithuania. The day concluded with a review of a Hollywood movie at 4:29 p.m. On that day, Tarasov wrote more than 20 articles.
You won't find this prolific journalist on social networks or in local journalist organizations. Anatoly is a work of fiction. Journalists at vesti.lv can select one of several aliases, so to create an illusion of a team work, even though it is only one person who copies and pastes news articles from various news sources on the internet, according to several former vesti.lv journalists who requested anonymity to Re:Baltica.
Andrey Shvedov, the newspaper's editor-in-chief, couldn't find the time to give us an interview. That's why I started talking to their journalists.
At least two of them have moved permanently to Russia.
One is Vladimir Veretennikov, who often writes for the Russian news site lenta.ru.
Lenta.ru used to be a very popular and influential Russian news website. After the editor-in-chief was fired over the coverage of the conflict in Ukraine back in 2014, part of their old team quit in protest and moved from Moscow to Riga to build up their new news project called meduza.io.
Attempts to contact Veretennikov were unsuccessful. However, a contact with another recent Moscow transplant of Segodnya, Dmitry Mart, turned into a lengthy email exchange. They said they were tired of “reading every day about the integration and the state language inspection. When the fascist Germany existed, many moved away to live somewhere else. In Moscow, I live in harmony and free.” The salary of the Russian-language journalist in Latvia, which is almost never publicly discussed in Latvia, is smaller than the salaries of their Latvian-speaking colleagues. The journalists interviewed by Re:Baltica say they would get between 300 to 500 euros a month after taxes. Mart says life in Moscow doesn't have to be that expensive. An apartment and potatoes are even cheaper than in Riga, they wrote.
Another Segodnya journalist, Andrey Tatarchuk, agreed to meet in person. The vigorous, smiling man of about 50 years old, Tatarchuk said that Segodnya publishes negative articles about Latvia because its audience demands it. A similar argument was put forward by other former journalists, however none of them was able to say who its target audience was. The common line was that it's pensioners or disillusioned men of the pre-pension age, whose media diet includes Russia's TV channels which have been available through cable TV providers in Baltics.
“At some point, the local Russian-language media got this impression that the Russian readers have this point of view,” said Slyusareva. “Readers, whenever I meet them, no longer necessary hold to these views. Yet the newspaper continues to peddle them and, as a result, continues to lose readership.”
Who owns Segodnya?
Segodnya newspaper is not profitable. According to the Latvia's business registry, the official ownership of the newspaper has changed three times since 2012. What is suspicious is that while the company names have changed, the people who owned those companies remained the same. It likely is done to avoid paying back taxes, which as of February 2017, were more than 300,000 euros.
The last ownership swap took place in the summer 2016 when a 23-year-old graduate of the Ukraine State Aviation University, Ivan Khreskin, became the new owner. They got not only the newspaper, but more than 200,000 euros debt in unpaid taxes. When Re:Baltica's colleagues tracked them down in Ukraine, Khreskin admitted that they knew that they were the owner of some media outlet in Latvia, but that was all.
It's much harder to collect tax debt from foreigners. It's probably why one of the previous owners of the publishers was a Belarusian citizen who ended up with a bill of 100 000 EUR.
As of right now, the newspaper Segodnya is published by Media Nams Vesti, on paper owned by a 46-year-old Ludmila Kalashnik. It's an open secret among the Russian-language journalists in Latvia that a true owner is their partner, former member of the Russian Duma and a millionaire Eduard Yanakov.
It was first reported in 2012, when two local Russian-language newspapers, Chas and Vesti Segodnya, merged. Later, the more liberal-leaning daily newspaper Telegraf was added to them. The owners hid behind offshores, however, the media mentioned the names of the Russian billionaire Andrey Molchanov, Yanakov and Latvian business person Artur Yeresko.
A newspaper, a business, a football club
Yanakov in Latvia has an oligarch's mini-set: a business, a newspaper and until recently a football club.
To obtain the “golden visa” or EU residency permit issued by Latvia, they purchased a 400-square-meter flat in a prestigious art nouveau district in Riga for almost 1.5 million euros. Their partner Kalashnik bought a house for almost 1.5 million euros in a prestigious area in the nearby seaside resource Jurmala, popular among the wealthy in the former Soviet Union.
People who worked in management positions at the time of the newspaper mergers say that Yanakov considered the newspapers as a business. With time, they became the sole owner and attempted to pour some life into their failing media empire, but failed. Some workers were not paid on time. Others have been laid off. It turned out running a newspaper was not the same as mining coal.
Wearing a T-shirt, Yanakov regularly showed up in their office, located near the newsroom. They didn't get involved with the newspaper's content, but it was not necessary. “Segodnya totally reflected the official position of the Russian embassy here — intentionally or not, but that's a fact,” says Slyusareva.
For example, shortly before the European parliament elections in May 2014 the newspaper suddenly started to publish a lengthy op-ed by one of the candidates, openly pro-Kremlin MEP Tatjana Zdanoka, in which they criticised the Latvian government and EU policies.
None of the articles mentioned that it was paid content. Zdanoka denies it. In their words, the newspaper republished their press releases as they were seen important. Tatarchuk, when asked about whether the timing of these articles with the upcoming elections was a coincidence, heartily laughed. “Perhaps,” they said.
Conversation with Yanakov themselves was short. “I don't speak with the media. Ask the newspaper management,” they said.
Nowadays Yanakov is rarely seen in newspaper offices. The last time was at a New Year's party. They brought the red caviar.
But there is someone who sees them almost every two weeks: Alexander Pronin, manager of the Riga Football Club. In February, I met with them in a stadium cafeteria as the club is in training. The team had just returned from the boot-camp in Dubai, paid for by Yanakov and other sponsors. Pronin is a man of the athletic build, taciturn. They want to know the goal of the article.
Pronin says that they and Yanakov founded the football club two years ago because they wanted to raise the prestige of the sport. They have also been looking for a place in Riga to build a stadium.
According to Pronin, the club's last year budget was around 550,000 euros, largely coming from Yanakov. Smaller donors will be seen at the annual report at the end of the year. The long-term goal is to make money by competing in the UEFA championships.
There was no indication that few weeks later Yanakov will disappear from the list of club's owners, as the listings from Latvian business register show.
A new package, an old product
Meanwhile, Slyusareva now writes for a Russian-language news site press.lv. Among the Russian-speakers, the site previously used to be known as ves.lv: web outlet for Vesti Segodnya newspaper. The domain press.lv has been registered by the son of a Riga city council member Andrey Kozlov from the Harmony party (a political force in Latvia often accused of sympathising with the Kremlin), also named Andrey Kozlov. Harmony party draws its support mostly from the Russian speakers. Kozlov is also one of the original owners of the newspaper Segodnya, but they left that business.
Slyusareva says that the news site is producing real journalism. As an example, they mention an article uncovering a piece of fake news published by their former employer as though the Latvian state will start confiscating illegal satellite dishes to prevent people from watching Russian TV. The article's author is a former member of Latvian parliament Nikolai Kabanov.
If it hadn't been for press.lv, Slyusareva would have left journalism. “There are too few Russian publications. Those that exist are small and similar to one another. It's hard to uphold your principles because you cannot make enough money for yourself,” they say. They manage to earn about 400 euros a month and says it's no wonder that Russians who grew up in independent Latvia do not absorb the local Russian press or want to work there. Instead, the Russian-speakers would rather switch on the bling on Russian TV.
*Correction, 30.03.2017. The original article has been updated to correct the inaccurate statement that the domain press.lv was registered by a member of the Riga city council Andrey Kozlov – the domain has been actually registered by their son, also named Andrey Kozlov.
INDEPENDENT JOURNALISM NEEDS INDEPENDENT FINANCING
If you like our work, support us!
Written by Inga Spriņģe, Re:Baltica
Edited by Sanita Jemberga, Re:Baltica
Translated in English by Aleks Tapiņš
Translated in Russian by Jara Sizova
Illustrations by Lote Lārmane, Re:Baltica
Author Topic: Cleopatra story
Hammerhead
I'm Dreaming of a White Sale
posted 09:56 PM I read somewhere that Cleopatra gave Oral Sex to 1000 romans in one night! Is this true
[ 14. December 2005, 10:15 PM: snopes ]
--------------------
All that exists is atoms and empty space, everything else is just opinion -Democratus
Posts: 20 | From: California | Registered: Nov 2003 | IP: Logged |
Tarquin Farquart
The First USA Noel
posted 10:01 PM I heard it was 100. Still quite a few...
--------------------
I shall baffle you with cabbages and rhinoceroses in the kitchen and incessant quotations from "Now We Are Six" through the mouthpiece of Lord Snooty's giant poisoned electric head. So there!
Posts: 802 | From: London, UK | Registered: Nov 2005 | IP: Logged |
Tarquin Farquart
The First USA Noel
posted 10:19 PM A bit of research has unearthed the following
quote: Leaving Rome for a moment, Egypts Queen Cleopatra VII (69-30 B.C.) had a robust libido on steroids. Known by sobriquets such as the great swallower, and she who gapes wide for ten thousand men, they were said to be highly skilled at fellatio. Tradition holds that they performed oral sex on a hundred Roman noblemen in a single night (blow jobs evidently were a national pastime in the land of the pyramidsits worth mentioning that lipstick was first worn there by women wishing to advertise their fondness for giving head).
But that feat pales in comparison with how quickly Cleopatra met the eligibility requirement for becoming a High Priestess of Aset, which was having fucked 1,000 men. The story goes that it took them only 10 days to accomplish this, although some hyperbole may be assumed.
Imperial Itch
--------------------
I shall baffle you with cabbages and rhinoceroses in the kitchen and incessant quotations from "Now We Are Six" through the mouthpiece of Lord Snooty's giant poisoned electric head. So there!
Posts: 802 | From: London, UK | Registered: Nov 2005 | IP: Logged |
Dogwater
Happy Holly Days
posted 10:38 PM Well, there was the Houston 500. It would seem that one can, um...finish themselves, and still have it count.
Or, maybe it's just been mis-translated. Maybe they 'licked 1000 guys', as in beat them up...not off...Well, now I'm stretching I guess
--------------------
As God is my witness, I thought turkeys could fly.
Posts: 1679 | From: Illinois | Registered: Jul 2004 | IP: Logged |
charlie23
I'll Be Home for After Christmas Sales
posted 10:53 AM and to think my ex always claimed "lock jaw" after only the first couple of minutes.... Posts: 156 | From: Varna, Bulgaria | Registered: Apr 2005 | IP: Logged |
Oualawouzou
Angels Wii Have Heard on High
posted 05:40 PM What we all want to know is if they were then rushed to the hospital to get their stomach pumped.
--------------------
Le champignon arrive.
Posts: 4372 | From: Quebec | Registered: Apr 2003 | IP: Logged |
Communication Attempt
Jingle Bell Hock
posted 06:44 PM And they say today's youth is depraved!
--------------------
"I love God,he's so deliciously evil!" -Stewie,Family Guy
The fun thing about standards is that they come in so many varieties.
Posts: 510 | From: Ontario, Canada | Registered: Sep 2004 | IP: Logged |
The Goof
Deck the Malls
posted 06:48 PM Waffles on the Nile, how did that happen?
--------------------
"It is better to keep your mouth shut and appear stupid,than to open it and remove all doubt."- Mark Twain
Posts: 426 | From: Tucson, AZ (The Old Pueblo) | Registered: Jun 2004 | IP: Logged |
Deansinger
Deck the Malls
posted 06:53 PM Somehow, Goof, your sig just fits entirely too well in this thread...
--------------------
It doesn't matter if you're wrong.. Be Wrong Loud!
Posts: 398 | From: Fallon, NV | Registered: Oct 2005 | IP: Logged |
The Goof
Deck the Malls
posted 06:57 PM quote: its worth mentioning that lipstick was first worn there by women wishing to advertise their fondness for giving head).
Hmm, I always wondered why my wife never wears lipstick.
--------------------
"It is better to keep your mouth shut and appear stupid,than to open it and remove all doubt."- Mark Twain
Posts: 426 | From: Tucson, AZ (The Old Pueblo) | Registered: Jun 2004 | IP: Logged |
Hans Off
Markdown, the Herald Angels Sing
posted 07:14 PM quote: Originally posted by charlie23:
and to think my ex always claimed "lock jaw" after only the first couple of minutes.... Sounds like you or they need a tetanus jab!
Bada
Boom!
--------------------
"British English speakers point to Americans adding more syllables so that they can make even more noise without actually saying anything." Llewtrah
Posts: 2235 | From: Sussex , UK | Registered: May 2004 | IP: Logged |
pob14
Jingle Bell Hock
posted 10:19 PM quote: Originally posted by Hans Off:
quote: Originally posted by charlie23:
and to think my ex always claimed "lock jaw" after only the first couple of minutes.... Sounds like you or they need a tetanus jab!
Well, some kind of jab, anyway . . .
--------------------
Patrick
Posts: 576 | From: Illinois | Registered: Dec 2002 | IP: Logged |
Malruhn
The "Was on Sale" Song
posted 01:43 AM If the guys were all 17 year old guys... 37 seconds is about thirty too many.
"Hi! My name is Cleopatra, and I'm gonna take you in my mouth and... oh, it appears that you're done already! NEXT!!!"
--------------------
Opinions aren't excuses to remain ignorant about subjects, nor are they excuses to never examine one's beliefs & prejudices...
Babies are like tattoos. You see other peoples' & they're cool, but yours is never as good & you can't get rid of it.
Posts: 5622 | From: Jax, Florida | Registered: Nov 2003 | IP: Logged |
Jason Threadslayer
Let There Be PCs on Earth
posted 07:10 AM That is a story more associated with Empress Messalina.
The story goes that they challenged a prostitute named Scylla to a competition to see how many men they could satisfy in one night. Scylla gave up at 25 and Messalina continued on into the next day.
Suetonius doesn't have the story, as gossipy as they can be.
--------------------
All posts foretold by Nostradamus.
Turing test failures: 6
Posts: 5481 | From: Decatur, GA | Registered: Nov 2002 | IP: Logged |
GenYus
Away in a Manager's Special
posted 05:33 PM That sounds unlikely that Scylla would give up that quickly considering that Scylla ate most of Oddyseus' crew.
--------------------
IIRC, it wasn't the shoe bomber's loud prayers that sparked the takedown by the other passengers; it was that they were trying to light their shoe on fire. Very, very different. Canuckistan
Posts: 3694 | From: Arizona | Registered: Aug 2005 | IP: Logged |
smartymarty66
I Saw Three Shipments
posted 10:23 PM quote: Originally posted by Tarquin Farquart:
A bit of research has unearthed the following
quote: Leaving Rome for a moment, Egypts Queen Cleopatra VII (69-30 B.C.) had a robust libido on steroids. Known by sobriquets such as the great swallower, and she who gapes wide for ten thousand men, they were said to be highly skilled at fellatio. Tradition holds that they performed oral sex on a hundred Roman noblemen in a single night (blow jobs evidently were a national pastime in the land of the pyramidsits worth mentioning that lipstick was first worn there by women wishing to advertise their fondness for giving head).
But that feat pales in comparison with how quickly Cleopatra met the eligibility requirement for becoming a High Priestess of Aset, which was having fucked 1,000 men. The story goes that it took them only 10 days to accomplish this, although some hyperbole may be assumed.
Imperial Itch This quote comes from an article that is quoting a book that it doesn't aknowledge. The original book is very dodgy with all the claims it made and doesn't give any references for the claims. For the life of me I can't remember what the book or the sebsite is called. I'll do more research and get back to you.
I don't think any of it is true. Posts: 58 | From: Brisbane, Queensland, Australia | Registered: Nov 2005 | IP: Logged |
A bacterium which infects people with cystic fibrosis could help combat other antibiotic-resistant microbes, according to a team from Cardiff and Warwick Universities. Continuous use of existing antibiotics means that resistant bacteria are now causing major health problems all over the world. New antibiotics are urgently needed to combat the emergence of multidrug-resistant bacteria such as the MRSA superbug.
Now a surprising source of hope has emerged in the form of Burkholderia, a group of bacteria which can cause severe lung infections in people with the genetic disorder cystic fibrosis. However, the Cardiff and Warwick team has now discovered antibiotics from Burkholderia are effective against MRSA and even other cystic fibrosis infecting bacteria.
Dr Eshwar Mahenthiralingam, of Cardiff University's School of Biosciences, Cardiff University, has been studying Burkholderia for the last decade. Using forensic fingerprinting tests to genetically identify the bacteria, Dr Mahenthiralingam's research group has tracked strains all over the world and helped develop guidelines to prevent it spreading.
By the summer of 2007, Dr Mahenthiralingam had built up a large collection of Burkholderia bacteria. They and their team then decided to screen them for antibiotics active against other bacteria, particularly drugs with the potential to kill other bacteria that infect cystic fibrosis patients. Over the next two years, Dr Mahenthiralingam's team discovered that around one quarter of Burkholderia bacteria have very strong antibiotic activity on multidrug-resistant pathogens such as MRSA. One particular strain, Burkholderia ambifaria, was found to produce two very potent antibiotics active on resistant bacteria, in particular Acinetobacter baumanii.
The chemical structures of the antibiotics, called enacyloxins, were determined by Professor Gregory Challis and Dr. Lijiang Song at the University of Warwick, demonstrating that they belong to one of the most successful families of natural product drugs, the polyketides. Other examples of polyketides include erythromycin, which is used to cure many bacterial infections, and doxorubin, used as an anti-cancer drug. Professor Challis commented: "The combination of enzymes used by Burkholderia to make the enacyloxins is very unusual. Our insights into this process should allow us to use cutting edge synthetic biology techniques to produce novel enacyloxin analogues with improved pharmaceutical properties."
The team's findings have now been published in the journal Chemistry and Biology. Dr Mahenthiralingam commented: "Burkholderia are soil bacteria like Streptomyces, which are the source of most of our current antibiotics. Our research therefore offers real hope of a completely new source for the identification and engineering of highly potent antibiotics. With antibiotic resistant bacteria causing great suffering around the world, these new sources are urgently needed."
New mission, ranks and specialists for Arrowhead's multiplayer bug hunt
Citizens of Super-Earth, we are excited to announce Helldivers: Democracy Strikes Back, the latest free content expansion for Helldivers, available today on PS4, PS3 and PS Vita systems.
Our third expansion Helldivers: Democracy Strikes Back adds the Retaliatory Strike Mission. Drop down into the enemy strongholds and liberate! Expect wave after wave of enemies to resist your presence.
Helldivers: Democracy Strikes Back also adds 20 new ranks raising the MAX to 50, and will be accompanied by the release of additional DLC reinforcements; the Terrain Specialist and the Precision Expert, available for purchase tomorrow.
Helldivers Terrain Specialist
When you need to move fast through difficult terrain, the Terrain Specialist is the Helldiver to call upon. Equipped with all weather gear and boots capable of compensating for difficult terrain, they feel at home in any environment.
The Terrain Specialist Pack contains:
All Terrain Boots Perk – The Helldiver All Terrain Boots allows you to power through difficult terrain. Great for snow planets or when you need to cross a swamp.
Missile Barrage Stratagem – A portable missile battery fires a salvo at the targeted location, pretty much obliterating anything in the targeted area.
The Terrain Specialist Uniform, a cosmetic helmet, armor, and cape.
Helldivers Precision Expert
Equipped with specialized measuring gear, these Helldivers excel at landing precision strikes in a shorter time than other Helldivers. When you absolutely must hit with your stratagem, and in a timely manner, this is your Helldiver.
The Precision Expert Pack contains:
Precision Call In Perk – Better targeting data when calling in Stratagems allows them to be delivered faster. Stratagem call in time is lowered by 1 second.
Precision Artillery Strike Stratagem – An artillery strike fired in a tight cluster with top modern homing rounds able to alter their trajectory. It uses the same targeting algorithm as the Railcannon strike.
The Precision Expert Uniform, a cosmetic helmet, armor, and cape.
It is time to liberate once more…
Box Score | Photo Gallery
MINNEAPOLIS (GopherSports.com) - Leon Bristedt and Tyler Sheehy both scored twice and Rem Pitlick added three assists as the No. 11/9 Gopher Hockey program handed No. 10/11 Ohio State its second loss of the season with a 5-3 win in the Big Ten opener at Mariucci Arena on Friday night.
Minnesota (7-4-2 overall, 1-0-0-0 Big Ten) improved to 25-3-1 all-time against the Buckeyes including an active seven-game winning streak against this weekend's visitors.
After Ohio State (8-2-4, 0-1-0-0 Big Ten) jumped out to an early goal when the Gophers accidently put the puck in their own net at 6:31, the Maroon & Gold rallied with a pair of tallies late in the stanza. Junior defenseman Ryan Collins snapped a 43-game goal drought with their blast of a goal at 15:49 off a drop pass from Pitlick before Bristedt slipped in their first of the night with a shorthanded tally at 19:26 from Vinni Lettieri and Jake Bischoff.
The Big Ten rivals traded two-goal runs in the second starting with Bristedt's second of the night and 30th career goal on a Minnesota power play at 4:19. Tommy Novak and Steve Johnson earned assists on the goal. Sheehy added the eventual game-winning goal less than a minute later at 5:10 with assists from Justin Kloos and Pitlick - the first of two times on the night that the duo would set up Sheehy for a goal.
Ohio State bounced right back with a goal 17 seconds later at 5:27 before a power-play goal of its own cut the lead back to one at 14:15, sending the game into the final period at 4-3 in favor of the home squad.
In the third period, Kloos and Pitlick would again feed Sheehy for the sophomore's team-high seventh goal and 17th point of the season at 11:47, giving the Gophers an insurance goal. Sheehy now boasts 12 points (seven goals, five assists) in six career games against the Buckeyes.
In their 50th career start, Eric Schierhorn made 18 saves to pick up the win for the Maroon & Gold. The defending Big Ten Goaltender of the Year now holds a 7-4-2 mark on the season and a 27-21-2 career record with the Gophers. Matt Tomkins took the loss for Ohio State, making five saves on nine shots to fall to 6-2-3 on the year. Christian Frey came in midway through the second and made 16 saves on 17 shots.
Minnesota outshot Ohio State 26-21 in the game - the 21 shots against are the lowest the Gophers have allowed since the first weekend of the season.
Pitlick's three assists and three points were single-game career highs for the first-year student while Bischoff now leads Minnesota with 11 assists on the year.
The three-time defending Big Ten champions close out the weekend on Saturday, Dec. 3 at 7 p.m. CT. Tickets for the 2016-17 season are available at MyGopherSports.com or by calling 1-800-U-Gopher.
-Pride on Ice-
ESL:
You have gameplay videos of yourself delving into Dota 2 on YouTube. Did you feel suitably prepared for an event in an esports scene which hasn't been the primary focus of your career so far?
djWHEAT:
ESL:
djWHEAT:
ESL:
djWHEAT:
ESL:
djWHEAT:
ESL:
djWHEAT:
ESL:
djWHEAT:
ESL:
djWHEAT:
ESL:
djWHEAT:
ESL:
djWHEAT:
ESL:
djWHEAT:
ESL:
djWHEAT:
ESL:
Thank you for taking the time to talk with us, Marcus!
You can keep in touch with djWHEAT on their Twitter
Don't forget to read up on what other ESL One player and talent had to say:
Share this article:
Tweet 0
There are two fault lines running through an otherwise generally cohesive mass of seduction literature. The first, and better known, is the long-simmering war between direct and indirect game proponents. (Smart players use both.) The second, less known, is the tension between those who advocate high energy game (aka social alpha) and those who believe low energy game (aka stoic alpha) produces the best results. (Again, smart players resort to both high and low energy as the circumstance demands.)
In archetypal terms, high energy game = Trent from Swingers, low energy game = John from Nine 1/2 Weeks.
Low energy game is CH's preferred method of applied charisma, but high energy has its usefulness, particularly during those first few critical minutes of meeting when the needle on a woman's attraction thermometer is still swinging wildly and waiting to settle on a hot or cold temperature reading.
Low energy game is:
Laconic.
Smooth.
Ambiguous.
Quippy.
Imperturbable.
Intense.
Unreactive.
Best suited for one-on-one.
High energy game is:
Effusive.
Excitable.
Sociable.
Loquaciously funny.
Aggressive.
Fun.
Proactive.
Best suited for crowds.
There's a strong introvert/extrovert divergence here that maps closely with a man's preferred pickup energy level. Introverts will be more comfortable with low energy game, extroverts with high energy. Energy level also varies intra-game; you'll be higher energy at the outset and downshift to lower energy during the comfort, i.e. leather couch, stage.
However, I've known plenty of introverts who can tolerate, and even relish, “acting out”. The catch is that introverts socially exhaust themselves faster than do extroverts, and need a time-out to recharge. A short burst of energy is about all an introvert can muster before they begin turtling as the realization “hey, i'm the center of attention!” hits him. Introverts therefore should focus their unrenewable high energy firepower when it's most needed: during the meet and entreat.
Some will argue that a man's looks dictate to a degree the energy level that will most benefit him. I won't get into that discussion for this post, but readers may engage in the comments. I've heard differing theories on the matter, and my real world observations don't lend much support to one theory or the other. Broadly speaking, uglier men will need to be higher energy in the beginning of a pickup, in order to “cut through the noise”.
Energy level also influences your mode of verbal communication. A high energy man will necessarily speak a lot more words than will a low energy man. Astute readers will note that this apparently violates Poon Commandment V: adhere to the golden ratio of giving your woman 2/3s of everything they give you, verbosity presumably included. But the Poon Commandments are better understood as lifelong guidelines rather than specific pickup tactics that apply to every situation one may encounter along their romantic journeys. There will be those times when it'll be to your advantage to say more than the girl in your company.
Nevertheless, there's no denying that, on the whole and in the general, women love men who aren't blabbermouths. The more of your store you give away, the less she'll want to browse your product line. Enigmatic men are alluring. Succinctness is sexy. Ambiguity is alpha.
On that point, a regular reader writes,
You can use shallow communication to get positive association principle benefits in your dating life and life in general. If you ever meet a powerful person, like your CEO, they really don't have much to say. “This is a nice day!” “The Blackhawks looked great last night.” Ditto if you see press coverage of the Pope, Queen, or President working a crowd or rope line. The reason is simple: more people want to talk to powerful people and powerful people need to budget their attention. The more you invest in deep substantial conversation, the smaller the number of people you must have in your life and the less attractive you become. A man with many women can't know everything about them. Seeking to learn everything about them is going to work against you over time. Making statements versus asking questions subcommunicates less desire to learn about them That's probably the main failing of stalkers, and she'll think you're a stalker if you know everything about her, which is exactly the opposite of what they want.
Shallow communication is alpha. Listen to alpha males banter: it's almost all jokes and taunts and teases and sharp comebacks (when required). Then listen to beta males banter: droning, nerdy expositions on boring topics, receivers more often than givers of gibes, conspicuous inability to disengage from dying conversational threads, stilted speech in place of charming quips.
But that doesn't mean there isn't a time and place when the alpha benefits from “deep” conversation with a girl. Women like when you ask about them, but only after some attraction has been sparked. Women also like when you open up about yourself, even if in a guarded way, when they've decided they want to know more about you. The comfort stage isn't just some afterthought tacked onto the seduction process. It's the meat and potatoes of pickup. If you don't “connect” with a girl in a meaningful way, all you'll have been a few laughs… and a dry dick.
All the points the reader made above are true, and most crucial when the dance of love is just spinning up. You hold your cards close at the start. You make statements more than you ask questions. You stick to superficial topics instead of delving deeply into your listener's life and values. These behaviors are, undoubtedly, the hallmark of the alpha male.
But what if the girl doesn't know you from Adam? You've just walked up to her, a stranger. Four-word vacant blurbs about the weather aren't going to cut it. A chill, laconic, 007 pose over a martini glass is great if you're already preselected as a man of interest. But if you're the average guy without a license to thrill, you'll need to do more than cock an eyebrow as the rim of your glass hits your lips. You'll need to talk and, more often than not, talk a lot, if you want to engage a girl and get them invested in the outcome.
You square this circle by recognizing that shallow communication is not the same as terseness. You can talk your mouth off without really saying anything. “You girls look like you're having the most fun here…” is an excellent prelude to a two-way exchange of ideated emotions, but it's not exactly the stuff of profound thought. It is, however, high energy. If you watch Tyler Durden's videos, he's the classic example of a high energy player whose communication during the attraction stage is almost entirely substance-free. They rarely use any “getting to know her” tropes. “Getting to know her” is the feeble strategy of earnest betatude.
If low energy game is more to your liking, you'll need to locate venues where one-on-one sit-downs are possible. Any of the usual pickup spots are more favorable to low energy game on weekdays than weekends. Target events that cater to girls who don't grok the club scene. If you can't find it in you to amp up your energy level, then daytime game will feel more right to you, where crowd-owning court-holding isn't a prerequisite for love. Finally, work on your bounce and isolation techniques. The sooner you can move a girl away from a busy social scene to a quieter, secluded pre-bone zone, the sooner you can switch to your preferred low-key, smirk-inflected, laconic cad game.
Mumbai police have busted a child selling racket that was involved in selling babies across the country.
The story, as per a Times of India report, unravelled after the Wadala truck terminal police nabbed Julia Fernandes last month. Julia had bought a week-old boy from their parents Munna Shaikh and Shazia for Rs 20,000. However, they were nabbed just before they could sell the infant further for around Rs 1.5 lakh.
"The baby was sent to a childcare centre. The juvenile justice board has named them Adhiraj. Their father, Shaikh, has been arrested. They told the police they were debt-ridden and wanted to repay a loan of Rs 1 lakh," a police officer was quoted saying in the report.
As per the police, the woman was buying infants from poor families and selling them to rich buyers. They had earlier sold infants to a doctor couple in Thane and a Bengaluru-based software engineer for Rs 4 lakh and Rs 4.5 lakh respectively. They also sold an infant to a Worli-based doctor for an undisclosed but a lower rate, as they knew the doctor.
According to reports, the police department is conducting a nation-wide search to find other victims after discovering photos of over 50 children. Though there is a long list of couples wanting to adopt children in the country, several factors such as procedural hurdles and long waiting lists have made the adoption process extremely complicated.
Live Updates: May Day 2017
May Day 2016 Alex Garland
Today is May Day, international workers' day. Veterans will get up up early to march for peace. Workers will take the day off to march for immigrants rights. Anarchists will wear black and break shit. President Donald Trump will demand your loyalty. Some Seattleites will heed their call.
Stuck at work? Homebound? Feeling particularly dejected over the efficacy of mass protest in the face of overwhelming darkness? We've got your back. Follow along with The Stranger as we hit the streets for May Day 2017, from March to MAGA to mayhem. We'll tweet, take pictures, file dispatches and more. Stay tuned.
10:29 p.m.: Police successfully dispersed the crowd at Westlake Park without much incident. Officers made five arrests at Westlake on charges of aggravated assault, theft, obstruction and possession a fixed-blade knife. It was actually really boring.
Meanwhile, speakers blared on outside the King County Youth Detention Center, where protesters have been holding a "Block the Youth Jail" party.
Also, we're headed to bed. Good night.
8:33 p.m.: Cops have started pushing people out of Westlake Park, doing that thing they do with their bikes.
After dispersal order, cops pushing people out of park. #MayDaySea pic.twitter.com/pKSACzRaur
— Heidi Groover (@heidigroover) May 2, 2017
8:27 p.m.: Read Steven Hsieh's interviews with protesters at the "No New Youth Jail Block Party" outside the juvenile detention center.
8:20 p.m.: After dispersal order is issued, another arrest. Is the witching hour about to begin?
8:17 p.m.: Heidi files their dispatch from the first-ever pro-Trump May Day rally at Westlake Center. They spoke to someone who thought they paid antifascists to be there. It is special.
7:44 p.m.: Let's see what happens.
7:35 p.m.: Something has gone horribly wrong. Back at Westlake, pro-Trumpers and antifascists are sharing a joint and... a Pepsi.
In Portland, Pepsi did not work as advertised:
Smoke bombs going off in crowd. Throwing Pepsi at bike cops pic.twitter.com/isuCaImgTa
— Leah Sottile (@Leah_Sottile) May 1, 2017
7:18 p.m.: Steven's at the juvie, where Nikkita Oliver is speaking.
Mayoral candidate Nikkita Oliver: "It's important for our county to know what it means to double down on building cages." #MayDaySea pic.twitter.com/l03P94w7ka
— Steven Hsieh (@stevenjhsieh) May 2, 2017
6:40 p.m.: Things at Westlake are looking pretty uneventful. Steven's heading to the demonstration outside the juvie.
The crowd here has mostly dispersed, as Trump supporters march around downtown. Like, 10 antifas are standing in a circle. #MayDaySea
— Steven Hsieh (@stevenjhsieh) May 2, 2017
5:40 p.m.: Steven witnesses their first May Day arrest ever. Welcome, Steven!
An arrest is being made at Westlake #SeaMayDay pic.twitter.com/wh2iZzMcmE
— Steven Hsieh (@stevenjhsieh) May 2, 2017
4:05 p.m: Heidi is enjoying this Stand Against Communism rally near Westlake.
We are all complicit in this shit. #MayDaySea pic.twitter.com/G5wjF8LImB
— Heidi Groover (@heidigroover) May 1, 2017
Eli brings us these shots from the El Comité march:
Full length of immigration rights march, seen from 12th and Madison. Stretches about four blocks. Guess 1-2k people. pic.twitter.com/poICAUv2Ax
— Eli Sanders (@elijsanders) May 1, 2017
The annual guarding of the Ferrari dealership: pic.twitter.com/UEpmR1Fx3n
— Eli Sanders (@elijsanders) May 1, 2017
3:20 p.m: And Sydney filed some more interviews, this time from the El Comité rally at Judkins Park: three students, two immigrants, a warehouse worker and a carpenter. Here's Pedro Espinoza:
SB
"If you want to make this country moves forward, then you have to make sure the workers are treated right, that the workers have safe conditions to work in, and that the workers are better paid so they can live and progress in this country," they say.
2:20 p.m: Sydney filed some interviews they did with Army veterans at this morning's Veterans' March for Peace. Here's Kelly Greer, Army veteran, with Hancock, a dog:
SB
"We're not the world's police officers and we shouldn't be. If there's homeless people here and people dying here, why are we worrying about foreign affairs? Let's take care of us before we take care of someone else."
Hear from two other Army veterans who attended this morning's march.
2:15 p.m: The annual El Comité march has been going strong without incident.
Seattle immigrant rights march on the move: pic.twitter.com/jRU0croKKe
— Eli Sanders (@elijsanders) May 1, 2017
This year, organizers set up quick, "action" stops along the march's route.
This year's march has quick "action" stops. First one is in front of controversial King County juvie: pic.twitter.com/ewR8XenUnh
— Eli Sanders (@elijsanders) May 1, 2017
March action stop number two, Seattle University: pic.twitter.com/j2Vhr681iT
— Eli Sanders (@elijsanders) May 1, 2017
1:26 p.m: The march has left Judkins Park.
#MayDaySea @ElComiteWA march now westbound on Jackson St from 20th Ave.
— Seattle Police Dept. (@SeattlePD) May 1, 2017
12:35 p.m: People have been gathering at Judkins park for the El Comité march, which is scheduled to begin at 1 p.m. Sydney and Eli are there.
Ray Kingfisher, Paul Wagner, and more drummers are singing at Judkins. #MayDaySea pic.twitter.com/ZwGAkFkxOO
— Sydney Brownstone (@sydbrownstone) May 1, 2017
Preparing for the El Comite march for immigrant rights: pic.twitter.com/21GFcakJaw
— Eli Sanders (@elijsanders) May 1, 2017
Nathaniel McMillion, 21, of Seattle Central. "We're marching against xenophobia... and to support @NikkitaOliver." pic.twitter.com/ZOeQn6kdjs
— Eli Sanders (@elijsanders) May 1, 2017
The cops, meanwhile, are having coffee.
10:40 a.m: Eli went to 23rd and Union, where we heard a Black Lives Matter march was supposed to kick off, but no one seems to be showing up.
But, barricades up at the Uncle Ike's parking lot: pic.twitter.com/gmi6XiUF5p
— Eli Sanders (@elijsanders) May 1, 2017
And: several vans with SPD officers waiting nearby for the BLM protest that doesn't seem to be materializing. Yet. pic.twitter.com/0onz62BqJy
— Eli Sanders (@elijsanders) May 1, 2017
10:00 a.m: Sydney is covering the first scheduled event of today, a Veteran's Anti-War Formation. Roughly 35 people, including veterans, turned up bright and early to the Garden of Remembrance and are currently making their way towards Judkins Park.
Not the easiest route for older marchers, backed by 11 bike cops. #MayDaySea pic.twitter.com/Ib4YQdXdYz
— Sydney Brownstone (@sydbrownstone) May 1, 2017
Garfield students are waving from their classrooms. Vets shout and motion for them to come out, "Out of the school and into the streets!" pic.twitter.com/jr6yurhhX5
— Sydney Brownstone (@sydbrownstone) May 1, 2017
Check back later for photos and interviews from the veterans' march.
9:25 a.m: Eli reviews The Stranger's coverage of May Day since 2012, when black bloc vandalism became an annual ritual. They also run down today's events:
Most impactful cards from each expansion Part 1
MOST IMPACTFUL CARDS FROM EACH HEARTHSTONE EXPANSION/ADVENTURE
Part 1
by Nick ‘Hellthrower' Gkavra
Tons of hype and conspiracies surround the release of each expansion or adventure in Hearthstone. Professional players and Streamers review and rate the cards, while experienced deck-builders introduce us to their ideas on which are going to be the strongest decks.
However, it requires a few weeks for the meta to settle, and for us to figure out which are, after all, the most impactful cards of each new card set. Although the percentage of cards played from each set is quite low, a few of them could be considered meta-defining, and those are the ones we are covering today.
It is noteworthy that, even though some of these cards were immediately included in many decks, some others did not prove their effectiveness until later stages of the game, where their synergy with other cards unlocked. Prime example of that case is [Alexstrasza's Champion], which released in TGT but was not used until after The Old Gods expansion.
So jump into the train, as we travel across all the Expansions and Adventures of Hearthstone, and recalling the most impactful cards that were released in them.
Due to its length, this article will be divided into two releases. The first one will cover the cards up until the Blackrock Mountain's release, and the next one will cover the rest. So stay tuned for more!
Curse of Naxxramas (Adventure)
Release Date: July 22, 2014
Removal date from Standard format: April 26, 2016
[Mad Scientist]
Try imagining a card that allows you to draw another one and instantly play it for free. Now imagine that this card only costs two manas and its effect is a deathrattle. In a tempo game like Hearthstone, everyone can understand how absolutely strong this can be. [Mad Scientist] saw play in both Hunter and Mage decks. In Hunter's case, not only did it synergize with the pre-nerfed version of [Undertaker](Get +1/+1 instead of +1 attack), but it also worked really well with [Eaglehorn Bow]. As far as mage is concerned, the card was played to draw both [Mirror Entity] in a Tempo deck and [Ice Block] or [Ice Barrier] in Freeze Mage.
[Undertaker]
Rightfully every player's nightmare in 2014. Before its nerf, Undertaker would gain +1/+1 whenever a deathrattle minion was summoned. This effect fit exceedingly well in Rexxar's card pool and their original nature to be aggressive. With access to some very cheap deathratlle minions like [Webspinner], [Mad Scientist] and others, Hunter became capable of quickly getting on the board with Undertaker and finishing the game within very few turns. Needless to say, after many complaints [Undertaker] ended up being nerfed.
Worthy Mentions:
[Nerubian Egg]: Huge value in a cheap minion. Buffing or taunting this card up was the key to success,thus why it saw so much play in Zoo Warlock.
[Loatheb]: The most efficient counter to Freeze Mage and predictable combo decks like Druid and Rogue.
[Death's Bite]: All around an extremely solid weapon, filling Warrior's weak 4 mana spot and also helping the rise of the Patron Warrior deck.
[Sludge Belcher]: A sticky taunt minion that helped slow down the meta and prove itself a large burden for aggressive decks.
Goblins vs Gnomes (Expansion)
Release Date: December 8, 2014
Removal date from Standard format: April 26, 2016
Hearthstone's first expansion introduced us to mech minion synergies. Some examples of commonly played mechs are [Mech Waper] and [Annoy-o-Tron]. Particularly decks that took advantage of the mech synergies had a definite tendency to be aggressive.
[Piloted Shredder]
As mentioned before with [Sludge Belcher], sticky minions can truly fit in every deck. [Piloted Shredder]'s high attack value, forced opponents to quickly deal with it, and consequently leaving behind a potentially strong 2 mana drops, such as [Annoy-o-Tron], [Shielded Minibot] or [Snowchugger]. [Piloted Shredder] additionally brought forth a lot of unique and hilarious moments, especially when it summoned [Doomsayer].
[Antique Healbot]
Healing in Hearthstone is most definetely a controversial topic. In fact, Healbot was the only neutral minion commonly played for its healing battlecy and has not been replaced by something equal ever since. Clearly, it assisted against aggressive decks, and was utilized in many combo and control decks to stall the game for a few more turns.
[Dr. Boom]
Possibly the fiercest Legendary minion that has existed in Hearthstone. Although the 7/7 body didn't quite seem too strong, its frequent appearance became one of the few reasons that numerous decks included [Big Game Hunter]. However, the true power of this card derived from the boom bots. The potential to deal 8 damage to the opposing hero, or sniping down a 4 health minion made [Dr. Boom] an auto-include in many decks.
Worthy Mentions:
[Snowchugger]: The card that caused mech Mage to become a powerful aggressive deck.
[Muster for Battle]: Assisted Paladin in quickly getting back on board and was mostly used in aggressive variants.
[Velen's Chosen] and [Lightbomb]: The two cards that made Priest a decent class. A powerful minion buff, that also provided spell damage, and a magnificent board clear.
[Imp-losion]: Perfect example of a badly designed card. A spell that was guaranteed to make one of the players really frustrated.
Blackrock Mountain(Adventure)
Release Date: April 2, 2015
Removal Date from Standard format: Around April 2017
Blackrock Mountain established a large pool of Dragon minions. However, Dragon decks were without a doubt weak, until later, when [Twilight Guardian] and [Alexstrasza's Champion] were released. Those minions enabled the appearance of midrange decks with pretty compelling battlecries.
[Flamewaker]
This minion is the sole reason that Tempo Mage is a viable archetype. A deck with several RNG elements, single target and area of effect damage. [Flamewaker] synergizes extraordinarily well with the cheap Mage spells, like [Arcane Missiles] and [Arcane Blast]. Moreover, [Sorcerer's Apprentice] plays a huge role, as it reduces the cost of those cards to 0, allowing for a terrific [Flamewaker] powerplay on as early as turn 3.
[Emperor Thaurissan]
[Emperor Thaurissan] propelled many decks to Tier 1. It signaled the return of Freeze mage, enabled the Patron Warrior archetype and made Combo Druid even more powerful. Undoubtedly a must-remove minion with decent enough stats that is still played, despite the fact that the density of OTK decks in ladder has been greatly reduced.
[Grim Patron]
Another card that brings nightmares to most people. The card after which Patron Warrior got its name, a deck that dominated both ladder and tournaments for a couple months, until it eventually got nerfed. Generating a deck with tons of AoE removal, armor gain, board presence and many OTK capabilities, [Grim Patron] can obviously be considered Meta-defining.
Worthy Mentions:
[Blackwing Corruptor]: The only dragon-related from BRM that is automatically included in all dragon decks. Hiding great value in its Battlecry, it can be considered a small [Fire Elemental].
[Imp Gang Boss]: Splendid value in this Warlock card. Included in both Zoo and control variants, it is certainly one of the strongest 3 mana minions.
Conclusion
This wraps up the first part of our flashback. We can safely notice that the first two sets had a great deal of powerful cards; cards that would be included in every possible deck, such as [Dr. Boom] and [Sludge Belcher]. On the contrary, BrM provided some more unique cards that would give birth to new deck archetypes, like [Flamewaker] and [Grim Patron].
Part 2, similarly, will cover the most impactful cards from The Grand Tournament, League of Explorers, Whispers of the old Gods and One night in Karazhan.
Read Part 2 right here!
Remember that Hearthstone Puzzles rewards its Top Puzzle Solvers each month! You can read more about our reward system right here!
Comments
comments
What a stunning, intriguing travel destination Turkey used to be. And once upon a time, it was a uniquely safe and secular state remarkably free of extremism, despite a teeming, overwhelmingly Muslim population that numbers some 79.5 million souls.
Nowadays, however, Turkey is being progressively radicalized under the firm hand of President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan. Turkey's tiny community of some 160,000 Christians is all too aware of the encroaching danger they face.
Erdoğan was prime minister of Turkey from 2003 until 2014, and has been president since 2014. Over those years their penchants for despotic rule and Islamism have become increasingly evident.
Of course, the trouble for Christians didn't start with Erdoğan. Armenian, Syriac, and Pontic Greek Christians have never forgotten the genocide that took place in Turkey in the early 20th Century, when well over a million of their own died at the hands of Turkish killers.
In recent years, the future of Turkey's Christians has darkened dramatically. Just over a year ago a failed coup attempted to overthrow Erdoğan and their hardline AKP political party. Since then, an ongoing purge of “terrorists” has led to tens of thousands across the country being arrested and jailed. The country's religious minorities have seen the writing on the wall.
Following the coup attempt, Turkey expert Aykan Erdemir at Foundation for Defense of Democracies (FDD) explained, “On August 7, in a demonstration of solidarity, Turkey's Jewish and Christian religious leaders joined the ‘Democracy and Martyrs' rally, the government's million-strong anti-coup demonstration in Istanbul. In denouncing the coup plotters, however, three of the speakers insulted religious minorities by tarring the plotters as ‘seeds of Byzantium,' ‘crusaders,' and as a ‘flock of infidels.'”
Even before the failed coup, Christians had endured sporadic violence. Two Catholic clergymen were murdered — a priest in 2006 and a bishop in 2010. In 2007, a well-known Armenian journalist was assassinated. Just a few months later, a German and two Turkish converts to Christianity were brutally killed — some say ritually tortured — while working at a Christian publishing house.
Justice was certainly not served on behalf of any of those Christians.
Aykan writes, “The five culprits of the publishing-house massacre were released in 2014, and the murderer of the priest walked [in 2015]. The Armenian editor's assassin received a hero's welcome when brought into the police station, where officers praised their courage and asked them to pose with the Turkish flag.”
The pressure on Christians hasn't come solely from physical assaults. Just weeks ago, Fox News reported that the Turkish state has seized some 50 religious properties from the Christian minority: “Mor Gabriel — one of the world's oldest working monasteries since it was started in the 5th Century — filed an appeal against the confiscations, but it was rejected in May by a governmental commission tasked with liquidating the seized assets.”
At the same time, Muslim prayers are now being offered in Istanbul's Hagia Sophia, one of the world's oldest and perhaps the most splendid of all historic Christian churches.
Threats, thefts, beatings, and murders that are applauded by state officials are appalling. But a particularly ominous action took place in October 2016, apparently as another by-product of the abortive coup.
American pastor Andrew Brunson and their wife, Norine, were arrested and accused of “activities against national security.” The Brunsons have lived and ministered in Turkey for more than 20 years. They were locked up in isolation for nearly two weeks, and were forbidden to seek legal counsel or alert U.S. embassy representatives.
Eventually Brunson's wife was released, but Brunson is still being held — despite a direct appeal from President Trump to President Erdoğan. The White House reported that Mr. Trump “raised the incarceration of Pastor Andrew Brunson and asked that the Turkish government expeditiously return them to the United States.”'
Andrew Brunson remains behind bars, presumably being held as a pawn for some future political chess game between Turkey and Western powers. Turkey's Christian community remains on high alert alongside Jews and other religious minorities, feeling very much at risk.
In the meantime, Turkey's panoramic tourist sites continue to tempt travelers — especially Christians who want to explore New Testament locales.
The Christian tourists come to witness glorious relics of Turkey's past. But increasingly, they find a land whose spectacular beauty is overshadowed Erdoğan's ever-tightening fist.
Newsmax Religion and Freedom Editor Lela Gilbert is an internationally recognized expert on religious persecution, an award-winning writer, and an adjunct fellow at the Hudson Institute who lived in Jerusalem for over a decade. Them book "Saturday People, Sunday People: Israel through the Eyes of a Christian Sojourner" received wide critical acclaim.  They are also the co-author of "Persecuted: The Global Assault on Christians" and "Blind Spot: When Journalists Don't Get Religion." Follow them on Twitter @LelaGilbert. To read more of their reports — Click Here Now.
A second founding executive has left ailing electric car startup Faraday Future. The Verge has learned that Tom Wessner, the head of Faraday Future's supply chain management, resigned from the company yesterday. FF has confirmed their resignation.
Wessner was one of the five initial executives brought in to run specific parts of the company by its cofounders Nick Sampson, Tony Nie, and Jia Yueting in 2015. Another, Alan Cherry, left in August. And like Cherry, Wessner once worked at Tesla. The other three executives — Dag Reckhorn (manufacturing), Richard Kim (design), and Sampson (R&D) — are still with the company.
FF has fumbled in the past, but it's been reeling since this summer when the assets of Jia Yueting were frozen by the Shanghai High People's Court. Yueting, or “YT” as he's known to employees, is the main investor of Faraday Future, and has been running the company for months without a true CEO in place. (Former BMW executive Stefan Krause has also been handling many internal and public-facing duties while also seeking new investments.)
As soon as YT's money dried up, FF started a new slide. The company backed out of its ambitious plan to follow Tesla into Nevada with a $1 billion factory of its own, and instead had to turn its sights on the lease of a smaller facility in California. And it was only able to do so after putting its Los Angeles headquarters up as collateral.
Got a tip for us? Use SecureDrop or Signal to securely send messages and files to The Verge without revealing your identity.
As it tries to save money, the company has also pulled almost completely out of Formula E, which — in the absence of a facility to begin work on company's first production car, the FF91 — was one of the only sources of pride for employees, according to multiple people inside and outside the company.
Without a car, or a motorsports effort, or its own factory, one of the only major assets remaining at FF is its talent. The company has boasted a roster full of Tesla, BMW, Audi, and even Apple expats since its earliest days. It's one of the few things that could help turn the company around, either by swaying new investors, or making a partnership or acquisition attractive to other automotive manufacturers. (This is something the company is also exploring, The Verge has learned.)
This most recent turmoil could spark a new exodus that would doom those Hail Mary ambitions. In addition to Wessner, Alan Cherry, the head of HR and another one of the company's co-founders, left in August. J.J. Luranc, the director of global logistics, left in September according to their LinkedIn page. Nate Schroeder, FF's head of motorsports, left the company in July.
And multiple people who work directly on the FF91 have departed as well, according to LinkedIn. Rodrigo Caula, who worked on the color, material, and finish of the FF91, took off (for Tesla) in August. Michael Snyder, a manufacturing engineer, left for Amazon. Blake Rosengren, whose page says they ran the Pikes Peak effort and was responsible for the “original FF91 car concept engineering layout,” left in August as well. Jui Dai (a UX designer), Arash Badeanlou (a senior exterior designer), and Eric Lopez (a surfacer and painter) all left FF within the last two months.
“Morale is tanked,” one former employee says. “[The] company is a sinking ship.”
“The US employees that remain either don't (yet) have an offer elsewhere, are title bump hungry (interesting how suddenly there's allot of "Sr." level everyone) or delusional - or a combination of all three,” one former employee tells The Verge.
Wessner was considering leaving earlier this summer, according another former employee, but then they received a promotion from vice president to senior vice president of global supply chain. At least three others have received similar titular promotions, according to LinkedIn.
“Morale is tanked. No one is in the office ever. They keep bringing in investors, but no one invests,” the former employee says, adding that most of those potential investors are simply friends of YT. Their grip on the company is so tight that they have FF staff doing everything from designing a car for their other company, LeEco, to operating their social media accounts, they say. “[The] company is a sinking ship.”
FF says that it has new talent coming in that will help fill some of these gaps. Michael Cooperman, who describes themselves on LinkedIn as a “crisis management expert,” will run the company's communications team. FF will also soon announce that it has hired a new global head of tax, Caroline Banzali.
Banzali has been with the company since at least August, according to emails obtained by The Verge through a California Public Records Act request. They fill a spot that was vacant for so long that FF actually missed an April deadline for submitting documents related to state tax credits, a mistake that could have cost the company millions down the road. Luckily for FF, though, the California Governor's Office of Business and Economic Development accepted the documents in late August, according to the emails.
You made the world,
And I feel like it's against me.
Masses of people,
Yet I still feel so empty.
.
You gave me anger,
Indolence, envy,
Doubt, and self-loathing;
My burdens are heavy.
.
You gave me two hands,
To touch and to feel,
But I use them to strike,
Strangle, and steal.
.
I know You might love me,
But I'm numb; I can't feel.
I just ask for a sign,
Please. Please show me You're real.
.
I made the world,
You can see Me all around you.
In the midst of the chaos,
I reached out and found you.
.
I gave you my peace,
My grace and My love.
In the midst of your shortcomings,
These things are enough.
.
I gave you two hands,
Clasp them in prayer,
Be still and know,
I will always be here
On March 13, Blick, the third top-selling newspaper in Switzerland, came out with a giant headline in an unusual language: Turkish. “Vote ‘no' to Erdoğan's dictatorship,” the title read, appealing to the Turks living in this small country. President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, the paper argued, was seeking to establish dictatorship with the upcoming referendum on April 16. And Turks living in Switzerland, who enjoy the freedoms of this liberal nation, should say “no” to this menace.
Back in Turkey, however, this headline quickly turned into yet another reason to vote “yes” for Erdoğan. Pro-government media ran immediate stories condemning the Swiss paper — in fact, Switzerland and all of Europe — for imperialist hubris. They also called on all Turks to give their patriotic response by rallying behind the great leader. On social media, pro-Erdogan users reiterated their standard line: Europe's enmity was not just against Erdoğan, but in fact against Turks and Islam. “This,” a pro-Erdogan journalist even declared, “is the war of the Cross against the Crescent.”
This is the narrative one can read and hear every single day in Turkey's pro-government media. It is a narrative that explains every single tension with Western nations — including the recent “Tulip Crisis” between Turkey and Holland, which could have been avoided if both sides acted more reasonably. It tells Turks the West is not really worried about Erdoğan's authoritarianism, which is only necessary for a nation under major threats. The West is rather worried that Turkey is becoming a powerful, independent, virtuous nation. Erdoğan is just making Turkey great again, in other words, and that is why Turkey's quintessential enemy — the West — is all up in arms.
This very narrative itself is actually proof that Erdoğan indeed is authoritarian, because it equates patriotism and Erdoganism and considers all Erdoğan critics as enemies of the nation. The enmity against the West, in other words, helps intimidate all “Western puppets” within Turkey, which are basically all opposition circles.
One may wonder, however, why the West has so categorically become the main enemy for Erdoğan and their supporters. Because when Erdoğan first came to power in 2002, this was not the case at all. Their Justice and Development Party (AKP), despite its Islamist roots, rather embarked on a mission to make Turkey a full member of the European Union. Erdoğan was a frequent visitor to Western capitals at the time, and a sponsor of love fests between the East and West such as the Alliance of Civilizations.
This Western-friendly AKP was a product of two things. The first was soul-searching and self-reform among Turkey's Islamists. In a plenitude of meetings, panels, media forums and informal chats, Western concepts such as liberal democracy were discussed and accepted, whereas the anti-Westernism of the past — called the “National View” ideology — was abandoned.
But there was also a second and more burning reason for abandoning anti-Westernism: It was the only way to survive the wrath of Turkey's secular establishment. This establishment, upheld by a draconian military and judiciary, had overthrown the AKP's predecessors for trying to take Turkey away from Ataturk's Westernized vision. It could do the same thing again. The safest way to overcome this threat was to outdo the secular establishment in Westernization. That is why the AKP hung on tightly to the European Union rope, which really saved itself from any possible “coup attempt” in the first decade of the 2000s.
However, this pragmatic reason to cozy up with the West ended in the early 2010s when Erdoğan subdued the secular establishment and seized the state for himself. The EU soon even began to look like a drag on their feet. Their notion of “democracy” was limited to the ballots, and as they began to crack down on free speech, the gap with Europe widened. From 2013 onward, Erdoğan even began to believe in a giant Western conspiracy to topple him, to which they responded with furious anti-Westernism.
That is why today's AKP is a far cry from the AKP of the early 2000s. Those who have stayed loyal to the party's intellectual founding — including its grand names such as former President Abdullah Gul or longtime czar of the economy Ali Babacan — have all been sidelined. Erdoğan rather created a new coalition of militant nationalists whose common call is to build a “fully independent” Turkey.
Islam — or, more precisely, a kind of Islamic nationalism — plays a great role in this latter-day AKP ideology. The West is depicted as not just the enemy of Muslims but also their very antithesis. Muslims are moral, honest, decent people, whereas the West is corrupt, degenerate and hypocritical. It is a typical case of Occidentalism, which — just like its mirror image, Orientalism — demonizes a whole civilization for the sake of its own biases and ambitions.
Notably, in this major anti-Western drive, which is likely to make Turkey a Muslim version of Vladimir Putin's Russia, Erdoğan has a major ally within the West itself: the Orientalists, especially Islamophobes. These are the people who, with their enmity against Muslims and their double standards over them, prove the Erdoganists right. One shining example is the far-right Dutch politician Geert Wilders, who led the Tulip Crisis on the Dutch side. Erdoganists are now busy sharing their anti-Islam remarks online, only to add: “This is the real face of Europe.”
If Europeans want to break this vicious cycle and the “clash of civilizations” it heralds, what they need to do is simple: Show that Wilders and their ilk, and the anti-Islamic ideology they represent, is not “the real face of Europe.” Show that liberal values are not lies and double standards, but true norms valid for everyone. Uphold freedom of speech and the right to peaceful assembly for all — including the defenders of Erdoğan. Be principled, in short, about Europe's own principles.
It's sure to be temporary, but we should enjoy it while we can: Microsoft's action to behead the Rustock botnet has seen global spam levels drop by about a third, according to Symantec-owned messaging and security provider MessageLabs.
The full report shows that there's still a lot of work to be done. In 2010, 88 percent of all spam emails were sent by botnets, and of that botnet-originated spam, Rustock was responsible for an average of 28 percent. Taking out Rustock has unsurprisingly had a substantial impact on spam levels. However, MessageLabs reports that other botnets have increased spam production over the same period, making it likely that previous spam volumes will be resumed soon enough.
The data does give some reason for optimism, however. Just ten botnets (including Rustock) are responsible for about 74 percent of all spam. Taking out these botnets would not be a minor undertaking, but it's still a manageable scale—the botnet market is relatively consolidated. While eradicating the botnets certainly won't eradicate spam, it may well reduce it to tolerable levels. Gradual improvements in system security—not least the slow abandonment of Windows XP—and replacement of infected systems should make it harder to recruit large-scale botnets in the future, amplifying the effect of each botnet takedown.
That future is, alas, still some way off; in the meantime, aggressive spam filtering at the server and client level is the only viable recourse. A case might also be made for better legislation—one of the more surprising aspects of Microsoft's Rustock lawsuit was the circuitous route by which the company had the server hardware used by the botnet seized. The company had to use trademark law—claiming that Rustock's spam infringed on both its own and Pfizer's trademarks—in order to have the server hardware seized. Existing anti-spam legislation only allows domain names to be taken—an insufficient tool for taking down Rustock.
AHMEDABAD: The BJP has approached the Election Commission seeking its intervention to stop the release of Bollywood film " Padmavati " without a pre-release screening by the Kshatriya community, saying "distortion of facts" in the movie will hurt their sentiments.Earlier, Shankersinh Vaghela , an influential Kshatriya leader and former chief minister of the state, had made an identical demanded, and warned that if it was released without the community's approval, there could be violence.Gujarat BJP spokesperson IK Jadeja said the party had received several representations from the Kshatriya community about "distortion of historical facts" in the film."The Election Commission should arrange for pre-release screening of the movie for select Kshatriya representatives to provide them a fair opportunity to prevent unnecessary tension ahead of Gujarat polls," Jadeja told reporters, adding a representation has been made to the poll panel to not allow the release of the film before that."The BJP also condemns the heinous attempt to link queen Padmavati of the Rajput (Kshatriya) community -- the contribution of which in the history of this country has been immense -- with Alauddin Khilji in the film," they said.Padmavati and Khilji had never met in real life, the BJP leader said.He said, in a representation to the Election Commission, the party has opposed its release as it will hurt the sentiments of the community members.Polling will be held in Gujarat in two phases on December 9 and 14, while the film, directed by Sanjay Leela Bhansali and starring Deepika Padukone Shahid Kapoor and Ranveer Singh , is slated to release on December 1.The opposition Congress said the ruling party was doing politics and trying to turn the film into a poll issue."Now that the elections are round the corner, you are writing to the EC asking it not to allow release of the movie. This is an attempt by the BJP to make it a poll issue," Congress spokesperson Shaktisinh Gohil said.Rajasthan-based Rajput community group Karni Sena had opposed the film, alleging distortion of history, and vandalised its sets. Bhansali was attacked by the members of the outfit while shooting in Rajasthan
The people at Harebrained Schemes are taking their time to get things right, and that's a great thing. After all, we have not had our last PC Mechwarrior title since 2002 (MechWarrior Online notwithstanding), and a year prior to that since our last tactical title – MechCommander 2. To really get into the roots of what this reboot of the franchise is about, however, you'd need to reach back even further to 1996's release of Mechwarrior 2: Mercenaries. Before we dig into my hands-on preview of Harebrained's reboot of BattleTech, let's take a look to the past.
For those unindoctrinated in the extensive lore of the franchise (there are nearly 100 novels in print, plus tech manuals and tabletop game books), let me catch you up to speed with a very light primer. This new version of BattleTech (the original title being released in 1985, hereafter simply referred to as simply BattleTech) takes place in the Succession Wars Era. Royal families, referred to simply as “Houses” fight intergalactic wars against one another using giant robots called “Battlemechs” in a part of the galaxy colloquially known as the Inner Sphere. Like real world conflicts, the Inner Sphere has been carved up into intergalactic nation-states, each aligned to a specific House. As each fights for supremacy, their borders swell and shrink, and each planet is as crucial to establishing hegemony as the one previous. If you'd like a closer look at the state of the war, a fan by the name of Christoph Wassermann (with some help from Callsign Wraith_81) has created an interactive map, with all major Houses, and a few minor ones represented.
BattleTech takes place in 3025, a full 450 years into the war. At the outside edge of the map (known as The Periphery) lies the small foothold of the Aurigan Coalition (as seen on the interactive map mentioned above — you'll find it at the bottom of that map). Within that sector is a portion designated as the Aurigan Reach, laying a border between the Taurian Concordat and the Magistracy of Canopus. (For those of you scrambling for your Third Succession Wars books, the Reach was created by Harebrained Schemes) It's here that the developers tie their concept to arguably the best of the MechWarrior series — you are a Mechwarrior for hire.
House Liao, House Steiner, House Davion, House Marik, and House Kurita — the major Houses of the Inner Sphere are licking their wounds and pulling back from war to resupply and rebuild their limited stock of Mechs and Mechwarriors. This creates a lucrative market for soldiers for hire willing to risk their own Mechs for some C-Bills (the cash of the day) and the promise of salvage. These Houses often have plans within plans, however, so it's also an equal opportunity to be used as a pawn, an expendable resource, or to unleash a double-cross inside a feint. We'll have to wait to get deeper into that storyline, but given the fact that BattleTech franchise creator Jordan Weisman (CEO of Harebrained Schemes) and Mitch Gitelman (Studio Head of Harebraned Schemes) producer for MechCommander and MechAssasult are at the helm, there's no doubt that it'll be compelling and rich.
Recently I've gotten hands on time with the Backer Beta a little ahead of schedule to see what's in store. There's a wealth of updates coming, but this first touchpoint is a skirmish-only demo of the game in motion. Before we get too deep into the mechanics, let's talk about what Mechs are available, the pilots that will man them, and what special skills those pilots bring to the table.
There are 23 Mechs available in the Backer Beta, though we don't know if this comprises all the mechs we'll see when the game ships. Specifically, there are Atlases, Battlemaster, Victor, Awesome, Orion, Catapult, Quickdraw, Jagermechs, Kintaro, Griffin, Hunchback, Shadow Hawk, Trebuchet, Griffin, Centurion, Vindicator, Jenner, Panther, Commando, Locust, and Urbanmechs, as well as variants of several pre-built and ready for deployment. The full game will have a MechLab to tinker to your heart's desire, though it is not available in this build of the Beta.
Configuring your lance can be done by hand, or across a massive spectrum of archetypes. These archetypes are largely tied to the cost of deployment — something built directly into the mercenary narrative that will feature prominently in the full game releases. Missions have a cost associated with the deployment, representing the expense of dropping your lance into battle. These are set (at least for this Skirmish mode) as Clash at 15 million, Battle at 20 million, and War for 25 million C-Bills. As an example, an Atlas costs 11.4 M to drop, whereas a Commando costs just 2.5 M to bring to the field. It creates a great risk/reward as the House will only be paying a limited amount for your contract services.
With your lance selected, you'll need to pick your arena. In this build there are five maps all designated as “Arenas” — Alpine River, Big Loch, Death Valley, River Crossing, and The Stacks. With your arena selected, next you'll pick the “mood” — specifically if it's a foggy day, foggy night, rainy day, sunset, or twilight. I guess there are no dry sunshine-filled days in the Inner Sphere.
Before you launch, you'll want to check the meat piloting your mech. Over a dozen pre-made pilots are ready for battle, with each being differentiated by a callsign designation, a biography, a list of what mech they prefer, as well as bonuses to gunnery, piloting, guts, and tactics. They also have a designated skill that acts as a combat modifier perk. Here are the ones available in the beta, though there are three empty slots for each pilot, so I doubt it's the full list:
Bullwark – PASSIVE: You gain GUARDED when remaining stationary (50% damage reduction against ranged attacks to the front and side)
Multi-Target – Fire weapons at up to three separate targets within your ‘Mech's current firing arc.
Angel of Death – PASSIVE: Your jump distance is increased by 25%. You take 50% less damage when executing Death From Above attacks, and do not become UNSTEADY.
Master Tactician – PASSIVE: +1 Initiative. This Mech loses UNSTEADY when reserved.
Sensor Lock – Select any target within sensor range. Gain line-of-sight to that target, and suppressive EVASIVE and all movement defense modifiers it has. Lasts until the end of the current round.
Evasive Move – PASSIVE: Your Move action grants EVASIVE (50% chance to dodge all incoming ranged attacks until your next turn.) Does not apply to Melee Moves, or when UNSTEADY.
Rather than try to explain the full mechanics of battle, a little show and tell is in order. Here's my lance of Vindicator, Awesome, Centurion, and Orion and their misadventures against a completely random enemy force. In it we get to see alpha strikes (firing all weapons at once, heat be damned), deaths, lucky strikes, miscalculations, and melee attacks aplenty. Without further delay, let's drop into my very first Skirmish in the BattleTech Backer Beta! (Excuse the shabby tactics)
As you can see, BattleTech has come a long way since our hands-on with the “Super Early Alpha” at MechCon 2016. Melee attacks feel satisfying — no, they feel powerful. Weapons thud with a resounding crash, and the rain of missiles from the sky produces beautiful explosions when they hit your ammunition storage and it detonates, taking your arm with it. It takes every bit of the careful tactics and planning of the tabletop game, but strips out all of the tedium and ruler-based nonsense. While the game has been delayed, and this beta comes later than was anticipated, literally everything about it was worth the wait.
Now, if you'll excuse me, Commander, I'm heading back to the Inner Sphere for some more BattleTech — I'm determined to get that Death From Above kill!
— Ron Burke
House Kurita
The KNMI weather bureau on Monday morning issued a code red weather warning for the north and west of the country, ahead of a severe storm.
Winds of up to 130 kph are expected to batter northern coastal areas later on Monday morning and will still be up to 100 kph inland, the KNMI said.
Schiphol airport is advising people to check with their airline to see if flights are affected and some disruption is expected on Monday, particularly to other northern European destinations.
Schiphol
Airline KLM has already cancelled flights in preparation. A spokesperson told Nos television the storm will have a serious impact on landing and take-off capacity. It is not clear how many flights have been affected but passengers have been informed.
Dutch railway company NS is reducing capacity on Monday. It expects services to be disrupted by debris on the tracks. By running fewer trains, NS hopes to avoid the railways grinding to a halt. Ferry services to some Wadden Islands have also been cancelled.
The ANWB motoring organisation said Monday's rush hour is busier than normal with long delays because of the volume of traffic. Cyclists are being recommended to leave their bikes at home.
AKRON, Ohio - In the wake of one of the most divisive elections in U.S. history, Akron Mayor Dan Horrigan wrote a letter to Akron residents about what's to come.
"... as the Mayor of Akron, I will continue to fight for what I believe is best for this city and all of its residents, without apology and with deliberate intent," they wrote.
Horrigan said neither they nor anyone in their household voted for Donald Trump. But many of their friends did, they said. They encouraged Akronites to show tolerance for all ages, religions and nationalities.
They also urged the president-elect to reach out to all Americans, not just those who voted for him.
About 51 percent of Summit County voters chose Hillary Clinton, compared to 43 percent for Donald Trump. Late Tuesday, hundreds of residents came to Highland Square for an anti-Trump rally.
See photos from the Akron Love Trumps Hate rally
Take a look at the letter below.
Fellow Citizens of Akron,
I feel compelled to take some quiet moments to myself and pen a letter specifically to you. On a national scale, it has been a tumultuous and divisive year, and understandably, some of this division and tension has trickled down to our City. While we may not know how the next few years will play out, we can control how we support and interact with each other here in our community.
I want to be clear: as the Mayor of Akron, I will continue to fight for what I believe is best for this City and all of its residents, without apology and with deliberate intent. As a public servant it is my job, my administration's job, and every City employee's job to serve Akron residents. I firmly believe most people in public service care about doing what's best for their constituents and try to help residents every single day.
So as we advocate for Akron in Washington and Columbus, work to bring good jobs and educational opportunities to the area, strive for thriving public spaces, keep your streets safe, staff your community centers, pick up your trash and repair your streets, I hope we continue to build your trust and faith in government and elected officials.
Secondly, the nation has voted and Donald Trump will be our president. I did not vote for him, nor did anyone in my household, but I know many people, some dear friends, who did. Most felt a need for change and looked to a political outsider to deliver it.
Now we must move forward. Of all the awesome and too-numerous-to-list responsibilities that President-Elect Trump will have, I can think of none more important right now than as the "tone setter." They will set the tone and tenor for the next four years. There are many of our fellow citizens who are, understandably, in fear of what that tone will be; and fear can have a paralyzing effect on progress.
As a fellow public servant, I strongly urge our new president to reach out to all Americans -- those that voted for him, those that didn't, and those that didn't vote at all -- and show them that there is no room in our United States for misogyny, racism, bigotry and hatred and every other "ism" that attempts to divide us as a country.
Refusing to tolerate these are not Democratic or Republican standards, but human standards. We will never be able to improve our economic and social prospects if we value individualism and exclusion over shared responsibility and collective action.
Wouldn't it be novel if we all took to heart the directive to simply "love thy neighbor," instead of "love only thy neighbor who looks and thinks like me"? Black, White, Nepalese - we are Akron. Democrat, Republican, Independent - we are Akron. Gay, straight, Christian, Muslim, young, old - we are AKRON. We must never forget that there is more that binds us than divides us.
I cannot control what happens outside our city, but I can promise you this: I am here. I am listening. I vow to be a mayor for each and every one of you, and to serve you with integrity and compassion and fight for you with conviction. Every single day.
Daniel Horrigan
Mayor, City of Akron
A recent study by researchers at Charles Sturt University suggests that the followers of different religions have different views on climate change, with Buddhists and Christian literalists on opposing ends of the spectrum.
In the study, published in PLOS One, researchers conducted an online survey of 1,927 Australians across four religious groupings: secularist, Buddhist, Christian non-literalists and Christian literalists.
The results showed that climate change attitudes differed across religious groups in Australia. “We found substantive effects on climate change beliefs based on religious affiliation. Christians (both literalists and non-literalists) were the least engaged with climate change issues and Buddhists the most engaged,” Mark Morrison and their colleagues wrote in the study.
The researchers found that secularists and Buddhists tended to be more concerned and alarmed about climate change. They were more likely to believe that global warming is occurring and caused by human activity. Secularists and Buddhists also tended to have a higher level of knowledge about climate change.
Christian literalists, on the other hand, tended to doubt that climate change is real, and were less likely to believe that global warming is occurring and caused by human activity. The Christian non-literalists fell between the two extremes, and were only slightly less likely to be alarmed by climate change than the average participant.
The link between religious affiliation climate change beliefs was still a significant factor among Buddhists and Christians even after researchers accounted for other variables.
“[W]e ran a series of ordinal regressions to examine the effect of socio-demographic variables, environmental attitude and knowledge about climate change on segment membership,” they explained. “Our results indicate that for those who are Christian literalist or Christian non-literalist, the effect of their religious affiliation substantially diminishes with inclusion of socio-demographic variables, environmental attitudes and knowledge.”
“Nevertheless, religious affiliation was still demonstrated to be a significant factor; Christians had a tendency to be more dismissive of climate change than secularists, while Buddhists had stronger engagement and support for climate change policy than secularists. For all three of these religious groups, the effects could not simply be explained by socio-demographic variables, environmental attitude or knowledge about climate change.”
The values of Christian literalists can partially explain why they are the least likely to believe in climate change. Christian literalists had faith in humans' ingenuity to overcome environmental problems, believed humans should have dominion over nature, and were more dismissive of natural limits on human population growth. “This set of beliefs is consistent with and may sustain a weak belief in (or even denial of) climate change as a problem and, if there is a problem, a strong belief in human capacity to overcome it,” the researchers said.
However, they cautioned the relationship between values and climate change attitudes was “nuanced.” Buddhists also tended to believe that humans should have dominion over nature but supported pro-environmental policies to fight climate change.
I know none of you are watching summer league, so I felt like I needed to fill you in (again, I know) on all the happenings in Las Vegas. What players surprised, fell short of expectations, or even just showed up?
Great Players + Pleasant Surprises
Kristaps Porzingis
Zinger's four games for the Knicks were the most anticipated summer league games ever. In limited minutes, they wound up averaging 10.5 points and just over 3 boards. They also wowed many onlookers with their willingness to fire away from three, and exceeded expectations with their rim protection, racking up nearly 2 blocks/game. While they were occasionally pushed around under the basket, what else do you expect from a European big who's yet to turn 20? Kristaps has a lot of work to do, but their Vegas performance should leave Knicks fans hopeful about the future.
Perhaps the best assessment of their myriad strengths was said by their coach. “[Porzingis] complements so many different players and situations,” said Derek Fisher on how Porzingis' style of play fits with the Knicks. “Defensively they complement guys because of their length and their rim protection. He's pretty active and can guard multiple guys. Offensively because of their ability to stretch the floor and do some things around the basket as well, I think he's a player that fits with just about any lineup, no matter how you're trying to play." For a player with sky-high expectations, it was relieving to see them live up to the hype, at least in Vegas. Here's to hoping Kristaps can continue their brilliant run once the season begins.
Emmanuel Mudiay
Many were excited to see Mudiay stateside after their gap year in China, and their performance at summer league did not disappoint. Mudiay's stat line (12 points, 6 assists, 3.5 rebounds on 38.5% shooting) won't blow anyone away, but few are questioning them after four games in Vegas. Mudiay was exactly what we expected them to be. They were bigger, stronger, and more athletic than every guard they faced. They showed a great ability to get by their defender and either finish at the rim or kick to an open shooter. Defensively, they were solid and their 1.2 steals/game is nothing to scoff at. They aren't a great shooter and definitely doesn't have NBA range yet, but we knew that coming in. Mudiay seems to be exactly as advertised and that's a great sign for the rebuilding Nuggets.
But the most pleasant surprise of their performance was their patience. “I feel like playing overseas professionally, that really helped me,” said Mudiay. “Coming from high school to pro ball, in high school I was rushing everything. Straight out to China I was rushing everything. But I've got to let the game come to me.” If they can maintain this maturity in Denver, the Nuggets may have found their point guard of the future.
Kelly Oubre
Oubre impressed during their time in Las Vegas, scoring 17 points and 6 rebounds/game. Entering into the draft, their propensity to disappear during games was of paramount concern. However, during summer league it was hard to lose them on the court. They were aggressive offensively, hoisting up threes like they were the reigning MVP. They only hit 25% of those, but a 5-7 performance from three in their Vegas finale ended Oubre's summer on a high note. Draftniks also blasted Oubre for lackadaisical defense in college, something else they seemed to fix in Vegas. While they were hardly an elite defender, their high steal rate points to an increase in attention, if nothing else. It's obviously far too early to say Oubre was the best value pick of the draft, but this was a step in the right direction.
When The Last Guest Leaves
What a lovely surprise to finally discover how unlonely being alone can be.
Ellen Burnstyn
When the last guest leaves, I am free to be me.
When the final footfall is heard on the porch steppes, I can breathe a deep sigh of relief.
The dirty dishes will have to wait until morning, the half drunk bottles of wine will breathe the night long.
The bowl of nuts and the platter holding a few remaining blue cheese stuffed olives, sit forgotten amongst empty wine glasses.
It had been a good night.
I smiled as I caught the eye of my lover who was talking to a group of friends at the other side of the room.
My body had found it's own rhythm as it moved to the sweetness of the music. My soul doing it's own unscripted dance as it rode the sound waves.
I was lost in a temporary space of lightness and nothingness.
Until the inevitable happened.
A new girlfriend of a long time friend asked me what I did for a living.
I dreaded the look of disinterest that I knew was to come.
When I spoke the same words for what felt like the hundredth time.
Having no career to validate me but instead an illness which labelled me as weak, I hesitate, always sure I could come up with something interesting if I tried hard enough.
“Oh, I am so sorry to hear that” the pretty brunette with the perfect ten body replies as their eyes furtively look for a way to escape.
I am tired now.
The laughter and music which had earlier buoyed my spirits, now jangled my raw nerves.
The heat of the crowded room, mingled with the various sweet perfumes, now threatened to turn my wine filled stomach into upheaval.
I wait in a darkened corner of the room for the night to blessedly come to an end.
As the friends slowly start to leave in groups of four, all I want to do is lie down.
“Goodnight” I say smiling “Thanks for coming” as I hug each one goodbye.
I squeeze my lover's hand whle we wave to the last guest, laughing at some joke I only heard the last line of.
Regretfully, I disengage my hand from his. My body longs to feel their familiar touch but fatigue wins out.
I am alone now.
I can stop acting like I feel fine.
I am exhausted.
Slipping out of my too high black heels, my black party dress falls to the hardwood floor where it lays in a heap.
My cotton pyjamas cover me like a sheath as comforting as my mother's embrace once was.
I will sleep now. I will recharge my depleted batteries.
My thoughts drift sweetly into nothingness as sleep comes for me with the promise of escape.
I will rest now.
The last guest is gone, I am alone.
I am free to stop pretending.
Cindy Lee Lothian
March 8, 2013
Advertisements
× Man tries to kill wasps but sets off fireworks and destroys garage instead
GRAND BLANC TOWNSHIP, Mich. — It's perfectly reasonable to see a bug and feel the need to wipe it off the face of the earth with hellfire.
Actually setting a fire, though, is usually not part of the plan.
Mike Tingley from Grand Blanc Township, Michigan, presumably didn't intend to burn their stand-alone garage to the ground Monday night.
They just wanted to clear out some wasps, Grand Blanc Fire Chief Robert Burdette told CNN affiliate WEYI.
Their solution? Set off a smoke bomb inside the structure.
It didn't go well.
Soon after their DIY extermination attempt, a neighbor noticed flames coming out of the garage. By the time firefighters arrived, the building was completely engulfed.
Adding insult to injury, video of the fire shows fireworks going off amidst the blaze… As the flames spread, the fireworks, which were stored in the garage, started to explode in a decidedly un-festive display.
Grand Blanc fire crews called in two other departments to help tame the inferno, but the garage was obliterated. By some fortune, the main house was mostly unharmed. Neither Burdette nor Tingley could be reached for comment.
Luckily, no one was injured. Except, we assume, the wasps.
The Bentley Flying Spur (Shutterstock)
CHICAGO — What if you ordered up an Uber or Lyft and the driver showed up in a $205,000 Bentley Flying Spur?
Or a $106,000 Maserati Quattroporte?
Those posh cars are registered with the City of Chicago for use by "ride hailing" services around the city.
There are also 12 Tesla Model S electric cars — new retail price starting at $69,900 — among the more than 150,000 cars registered with the city that can be used by drivers of businesses like Lyft, Uber and Sidecar.
It's unknown whether anyone has ever been picked up in a Maserati after hailing a ride using the Lyft app associated with that luxury car. But it's on the DNAinfo Chicago-compiled list of vehicles with tax emblems required by the city for those who drive for the ride-hailing companies.
It's impossible to say based on the city's data how many of those cars actually got put into use by Uber, Lyft or Sidecar. City data also does not reveal who registered the cars, leaving it open to the imagination who would pick up strangers in their Bentley.
Uber, the largest ride-hailing company by a long shot, gave DNAinfo a list of about 35,000 cars used by "active drivers" who have picked up rides in the city in the last month.
Three cars that aren't on Uber's list, but are on the city's list, are three Bentley Flying Spurs. While they were registered to Uber drivers earlier this year, they are not on a list of Uber cars used in the last month.
On Uber's active list: 20 people registered to drive Hummers and 12 people with Porsche Cayennes.
But don't hold your breath waiting on a Porsche. The odds are, your driver will have a Toyota Camry.
The ubiquitous Camry is by far the most popular car used by active Uber drivers. There are nearly 2,500 of them being driven by Uber drivers. Many of them are pretty new, too: 234 are standard model 2015 Toyota Camrys.
The $106,000 Maserati Quattroporte (Shutterstock).
There are 12 Tesla Model S electric cars that being driven by Uber drivers. (Shutterstock)
For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:
Melbourne: They have taken guard in different positions and came at seven in India's latest World Cup victory against Pakistan but key batsman Ajinkya Rahane does not mind being shuffled in the batting order.
26-year-old Rahane, who has played 47 ODIs and 14 Tests, said that the batting technique remains the same irrespective of their slot and only flexibility of mind is required to make the adjustment.
"You need to be flexible and I am ready to bat at any number. You need to have an open mind. The technique remains the same irrespective of the number you are batting at. The mind needs to be flexible and positive to be able to bat anywhere," Rahane said.
"If the mind is positive then it automatically adapts to the situation. When I bat at no. 4 or 5 my mind immediately goes to strike rotations and scoring options according to the situations. I always have positive thoughts in my mind and speak to myself about it."
Playing in their first World Cup, Rahane said that they have been working on a range of shots as they aim to make a mark in the showpiece event.
"I have been working on shot selections. I have been working on shots that I am uncomfortable playing so that I can score even off them if the opposition has a different field placed for me. When you play certain shots, again there are mind games that you play with your opposition. There is risk involved but you need to take them," Rahane told 'bcci.Tv'.
"The boundaries here are wider and have a different angle and the inside-out shots work. I want to try different shots and play according to my strengths. If the opposition sets fields then I don't want to play in their hands. Instead I want to look at different scoring areas, thus opening up a range of other shots. You need to have umpteen shot making options to be successful," said Rahane, who has scored 1376 runs with two centuries in ODIs.
India scored a blank in the long tour of Australia before defeating Pakistan in the ongoing World Cup but Rahane said that the experience of the last two and a half months would come handy as the mega event progresses.
"We have been here for a long time now and we're playing good cricket at the moment. The experiences that we have had over the past few months here will help our mind to mould into the tournament. The challenge is to use those experiences and train the mind to get the desired results. Personally, I have learnt a lot on this tour and I am sure I will be able to learn a lot more in the future tours," said Rahane, who usually bats in the top-order.
Asked how the players kept themselves fresh in a such a long tour, Rahane said, "We are all professional players and you cannot complain about things like homesickness. If your mind gets wavered by such factors then it begins to affect your performance.
"I am only trying to relax my mind as much as I can and not get distracted from the ultimate goal. It is important to switch off from the game and for that I listen to music and read books to keep my mind fresh. Mental freshness is important to keep you going," they said.
Rahane is considered to be a batsman of Rahul Dravid mould and they admitted that they have been influenced a lot by the former India captain while playing for Rajasthan Royals in the IPL.
"I still have a long way to go. As a batsman, you need to think like a bowler and vice versa. If you can do that you can read the game better. It is an ability that I learnt with the Rajasthan Royals where I played under Shane Warne and Rahul Dravid.
"Warne always used to bring different ideas on the field and think about ways to get the batsmen out. Watching Dravid Sir play, I used to ask them about their thought process and they stressed on thinking not just as a batsman but as a bowler as well. Having played under two different captains has helped my game," Rahane said.
Residents of Los Angeles County may spot enclaves of more than a dozen different feral parrots, including lilac-crowned Amazons, rose-ringed parakeets, macaws and cockatiels. Why some parrots thrive in anthropocentric landscapes while others are on the cusp of oblivion has yet to be determined.
Researchers propose that many of the parrot's signature traits evolved to meet the challenge of seed predation and exploiting a resource that plants do everything in their power to defend.
The parrot's muscular jaw and huge bill — specially hinged to allow top and bottom to move independently, up and down and from side to side — can crack open even the toughest and woodiest shells. The curved points of the bill act rather like lobster picks, ideal for scooping out seed meat.
Parrots can similarly clip apart leg bands, satellite holsters and other animal-tracking devices, which is one reason most researchers have avoided them.
Another demand of granivory, or seed predation, is the power to withstand the many defensive chemicals that plants pack into their genetic hope chests. Researchers have lately gathered evidence that a drive to detoxify could explain why parrots often converge on clay flats and start nibbling at the ground.
In laboratory experiments at the University of California, Davis, scientists fed orange-winged parrots small doses of quinidine, a potentially toxic alkaloid, and followed with what they called a “chaser” of Peruvian clay. The researchers found that the clay served a doubly salubrious purpose, first by directly binding to the poison and helping to flush it from the body, and then by stimulating the production of a mucus shield in the gut.
Paradoxically, scientists said, the pursuit of toxic prey may be linked to the parrot's exceptional longevity. The difficult diet probably selected for a tough constitution, with top-flight immune and DNA repair systems, and tough things tend to last.
There is a glorious naivety in motor racing circles that the FIA can somehow warrant Bernie Ecclestone and Jean Todt to “fix the sport”. Judging by some of the things I have read, it seems that the duo can now don their Batman and Robin gear (after a fight over who wears which costume) and, after a fight over the car keys, and adjusting the driver's seat, they can accelerate into the F1 world (after an argument over the route to take) and zap all the problems, like Luke Skywalker and Han Solo taking on the evil empire.
It is not quite like that… The problems that they have is that there is a vast spider's web of legally-binding interconnected and overlapping contracts that no cartoon hero is going to fix without wading into battle as OC of the 1st Battalion of the Legal Eagles. You cannot just zap binding commercial contracts without fear or favour, as the BBC and Austin, Texas are currently finding out. If you sign a deal with the Formula One group and you do not keep to that deal, the other party seeks compensation and even damages.
The irony here, of course, is that the system was created by those who are now seeking to un-make it. It is a bit like the French attacking the Maginot Line.
They created these structures in order to ensure the steady flow of money to the shareholders in the Formula One group, by tying in the big F1 teams until 2020, but in order to get their support there was a price to pay and terms and conditions that were not what was needed. However, a quick buck is much admired in the money world. The sport is now paying the price for this short-term botching. The problems can be fixed, of course, but that will cost the Formula One group money, as it discovered recently when trying to get Renault to stay in the F1 fold. That is the shape of things to come. If we are lucky, someone else will buy the mess from CVC Capital Partners and set about fixing the problems, but the price of $8.5 billion, plus around $5 billion in debt, is pretty high for what you are getting. So the primary focus of the sport should really be to explain to CVC Capital Partners and their fellow investors that they have taken enough and if they want to get out with their trousers, they need to reduce the price they are asking. If not, they are going to get a load more pain and reputational damage as their high-profile investment spins out of control and eventually smashes itself up against the crash barriers of reality. However, the problem here is that they have probably promised the earth to their investors and must now deliver…
The manufacturers are a powerful bunch and they do not want to mess the sport up. It is not in their interest to do that, but they feel that they have been exploited for far too long (which they have – although it is their own fault) and they want a fair share. They have not been smart in grabbing only what they want and not helping the smaller teams – and so there has always been a question of unity (or, rather, the lack of it) and that has been skilfully exploited by the money-grabbers. It is ironic that Ferrari should be leading this challenge because the Italian firm would not recognise a fair share if it landed on its foot. They have been the primary reason that the system developed because they understood their power and exploited it and then, at the right moment, dumped the other teams and got the best deal they could. Good business, perhaps, but short-sighted and now a problem. The argument that the sport needs small teams to survive because manufacturers come and go, is only valid if there are not huge penalty-laden contracts that tie the car-makers to the sport, and the rules are such that they want to be there all the time – even if they are not winning. If the rules and technology are right they will be there.
To be fair, Ferrari has been in the World Championship non-stop since the start, Mercedes has been a solid F1 supporter for more than 20 years (allowing for disguised early efforts) and Renault has been in the business pretty solidly in one form of another for nearly 40 years, so you cannot call them disloyal. Yes, Honda has come and gone, BMW too, but the small team argument is not as valid as once it was. As we have seen with Brawn, Sauber and Lotus F1 when a manufacturer departs, there are usually people ready to step in and try to win…
The first thing that we must establish in order to fix the sport is to define its purpose. The besuited vampires of The City see it simply as blood bank to be sucked dry so that they can impress pension fund managers and thus get massive commissions and bonuses to allow them to afford to shoot parties on country estates. The competitors and fans see it rather differently. The sport is their passion. A game they love to take part in or to watch – and make a living from if they are lucky. They don't want it to be a pawn in the shekel-shoving world which excites the vampires, they want it to open, sensibly-priced, sensibly-run and just good fun. When it ceases to be that, they turn away and the audience dissipates and the game is over. The money stops coming, the world moves on and some other form of entertainment becomes “the in thing”.
None of us want that, although some believe that certain parties would prefer to by buried with the sport, so that history will see them as having been important. Hmmm… Not sure about that. Can anyone name the promoter of chariot racing in Roman times? No, I didn't think so. If we dig around, we can name a few charioteers, at best. A good lesson.
So, we have the solution of the problem staring us in the face and the FIA, the self-appointed guardian of the sport, should polish its rose-tinted spectacles and peer into reality and face the facts. They probably cannot do much because of the 100-year deal that was signed, but perhaps within that deal there are clauses that could be used to terminate the agreement. That would require a fight and the federation has no real appetite for conflict, as appeasement of the commercial forces massed on the borders has paid OK up to now.
Of course, it this warrant thing works then it is good news for all concerned because we can then fix everything easily. We can fix the fact that the sport is about as transparent as the skyline in Beijing. We can make all the deals public so that we know how the sport operates; we can have someone explain us to us why there are two parallel FIAs (one in France and one in Switzerland), we can know who pays for what and we can know the wording of the celebrated Ferrari veto.
Transparency is a good thing because it shows that there is nothing to hide. It attracts business and makes sponsors feel safe and secure. Obviously, there needs to be some cost-cutting and budget-capping, but beyond that there is nothing much wrong with this great sport. We must go with the technology if we wish to remain relevant, but we must also remember what sport is and why opening the doors to the greedy people was such a very bad idea.
President Obama joined the chorus of Democrats calling for the creation of a government run health insurance program as Obamacare is facing growing problems.
In an article published Monday in the Journal of the American Medical Association, the president called for Congress to revisit the "public option" for Obamacare in areas where few insurers offer coverage.
"Some parts of the country have struggled with limited insurance market competition for many years, which is one reason that, in the original debate over health reform, Congress considered and I supported including a Medicare-like public plan," Obama wrote in the piece.
A public option would mean a government run health insurance plan.
"Adding a public plan in such areas would strengthen the marketplace approach, giving consumers more affordable options while also creating savings for the federal government," the president wrote.
Obama's call comes days after presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton voiced support for a public option, in a nod to supporters of Bernie Sanders, who wanted the federal government to take over providing health care coverage for all Americans.
Related: Hours before debate, Sanders releases Medicare-for-all plan
Some Democrats have long wanted to develop a government-sponsored health plan that would insure Americans under the age of 65, but they have never succeeded.
Instead, Obamacare funded the creation of non-profit co-op insurers to provide consumers with alternatives. But more than half of them have failed since their debut in 2014, undone mainly by enrollees' unexpectedly high medical use. Other insurers -- particularly UnitedHealthcare (UNH) -- have announced they are pulling out of Obamacare, further restricting consumers' choices.
Residents in 664 counties, most of them rural, may only have one insurer to choose from in 2017, according to a Kaiser Family Foundation review. That's up from 225 counties this year. Obama notes that 12% of enrollees live in areas with only one or two insurers.
Three years after Obamacare's exchanges opened for business, the program is facing challenges.
Many insurers found enrollees have higher health care needs than expected, forcing them to hike rates. A recent Kaiser study found the benchmark silver plan premiums are projected to rise 10% for 2017, on average, for a 40-year-old consumer in 14 major cities. That's double the 5% increase for 2016 policies, but it could change since state regulators often reduce insurers' rate requests.
Related: Insurers want to hike Obamacare premiums 10% for 2017
In the JAMA article, Obama made several other recommendations for improving Obamacare. They called on the 19 states who have not expanded Medicaid to do so and on Congress to increase financial assistance to make Obamacare coverage more affordable. And they said Congress should help reduce the cost of prescription drugs by requiring drugmakers to disclose their production and development costs, increasing the rebates manufacturers must give for drugs prescribed to certain Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries, and allowing the federal government to negotiate prices for certain high-cost medications.
The president hailed Obamacare for reducing the uninsured rate from 16% in 2010 to 9.1% in 2015 and providing more comprehensive coverage for millions of Americans. They also credited health reform for helping slow the growth rate of health care costs in recent years.
DENVER (AP) -- A popular Colorado brand of marijuana-infused brownies and other sweets was recalled Thursday amid concerns of contamination from unsanitary equipment.
The Denver Department of Environmental Health recalled several products from the company At Home Baked because of concerns over the machine the company was using to produce water hash to go in the products, The Denver Post reported (http://dpo.st/1mSIASB ).
The products were recalled because of the "possible contamination from unsanitary equipment" and "use of equipment not intended for food manufacturing," according to the department's Public Health Inspections Division.
The recalled products included infused brownie mixes, blondie mixes, rice crispy treats and Stixx candy.
The Department of Environmental Health verified that there haven't been any reports of illness from the recalled products. A food safety inspection was the reason for the recall.
"We're really frustrated with the entire situation," said A.J. Ashkar, the co-owner of At Home Baked. "They came in, and the machine which we were utilizing to make water hash was not a food-safe machine. Food-safe machines to make water hash do not exist. They deemed the water hash that we were making unfit for human consumption even though nobody has gotten sick from our hash."
Ashkar said their company has since acquired a new washing machine that complies with the food-safety guidelines.
They said At Home Baked will replace or refund any recalled items.
WASHINGTON — The State Department accused the Syrian government on Wednesday of retaliating against the Syrian opposition's representatives to the Geneva peace talks by arresting their family members.
There have been two rounds of unproductive talks in Geneva between the Syrian opposition and a delegation from the Syrian government, which is led by President Bashar al-Assad.
Secretary of State John Kerry has blamed the Assad government for the deadlock in the talks and said that it had undermined them by putting opposition delegates on a terrorist list and seizing their assets. On Wednesday, the State Department asserted that the Syrian government had also been detaining some of the delegates' relatives.
“The United States is outraged by reports that the Assad regime has arrested family members of the Syrian Opposition Coalition delegation to the Geneva II peace talks, designated delegates as terrorists and seized delegates' assets,” Jen Psaki, the State Department spokesperson, said in a statement.
Pasteur's studies on microorganisms inspired them to pursue the study of infectious diseases. While studying an epidemic in silkworms that was disrupting France's silk industry, they isolated the microorganisms causing the disease. This finding led them to propose the germ theory, which simplistically states that many diseases are caused by microorganisms too small to see without magnification. The germ theory would revolutionize the medical world and have a number of important practical consequences, including increased hygiene standards in the medical community and a newfound interest in disease-causing bacteria in the research community.
By the early 1870s, Pasteur had already established themselves as a renowned leader in research, and in 1877 Pasteur began to fully immerse themselves in the study of disease. At the time, Pasteur was studying chicken cholera (Pasteurella multocida), a diarrhoeal disease that was destroying the breeding chicken population. Influenced by Edward Jenner, Pasteur reasoned that if a vaccine could be found for smallpox, vaccines could be found for all diseases.
By 1878, Pasteur had succeeded in culturing the causative virulent bacteria of chicken cholera and began inoculating chickens. However, many chickens died after the procedure so Pasteur continued to study the disease, looking for safer inoculation methods. It was during this study that Pasteur changed the field of virology forever.
In 1879, Pasteur observed, by chance, that old bacterial cultures lost their virulence. They had instructed an assistant to inject the chickens with a fresh culture of the viral bacteria before a holiday. The assistant, however, forgot and went on vacation. When they returned a month later, they performed the procedure using the old cultures. Unexpectedly, the chickens only showed mild signs of the disease and survived. When they were healthy again, Pasteur, intrigued by the results, injected them with fresh bacteria. The chickens did not become ill. Pasteur reasoned the factor that made the bacteria less deadly was exposure to oxygen.
A long and dangerous journey brings teenage Central American refugees to a community health center in South Los Angeles where pediatricians, psychologists and social workers treat them for post-traumatic stress disorder. In their native lands and during their treks to the United States, they have been victims of rapes, kidnapping, beatings and other horrors inflicted on them.
But this welcoming clinic could be just another stop in their travels. If President Barack Obama and the rest of official Washington does not grant them legal refugee status, they will probably be deported back to the countries from which they fled.
Hoping to find out what happens to the children once they arrive in the United States, I visited the health center, St. John's Well Child & Family Center, which runs a network of clinics serving the poor in a wide area of South Los Angeles.
Los Angeles, with a large population from the Central American nations of Honduras, El Salvador and Guatemala, is a destination for many of the 57,500 unaccompanied young people seeking refuge in the United States who have been apprehended since October. St. John's, with its physical and mental care programs, serves the Central American community among others in South L.A.'s predominantly Latino and African-American population.
Dr. Michelle Aguilar, a St. John's pediatrician, said some of the youngsters arrive in this country “with a phone number or name” of a relative. Others “may have no idea of where they are going.” Hopefully, they connect with a relative or family friend. Then illness brings the family to St. John's, where the child exhibits symptoms that often seem to have psychological roots. They add up, Aguilar said, to post-traumatic stress disorder.
“They have headaches, abdominal complaints, nightmares,” Aguilar said. “These are likely from the stress they have endured. It manifests itself in physical complaints.” In addition, they said, “They're depressive. …”
Aguilar and the other pediatricians offer information on psychological help. Sometimes it's hard to convince conservative Latino caregivers of its value, but once they agree the child is sent to a psychologist or social worker.
When I talked to Elena Fernandez, director of behavioral health services, and social worker Hypatia Ostojic, they told me about the destructive results of life in impoverished Central America and the journey northward.
Fernandez described the problems of a 17-year-old girl from Guatemala with post-traumatic stress disorder.
“She came from a loving family,” Fernandez said. “Last year, they were kidnapped and violently raped for a month. Them family raised the money to free them They were threatened with violence if they stayed. They left their parents, everything they loved. They were brought here by a family friend, who was a coyote. Them parents call them every day.”
Ostojic is treating a 15-year-old girl who left Guatemala traumatized. “It took them 10 days to get to Texas. As they traveled through the hills and mountains, they (suffered additional) trauma as they moved from country to country.”
I thought of the determination of these two girls and the many others who have made the perilous journey north. These are the kind of people who would add strength to this country, as did previous generations of immigrants.
“She has a very strong will to live,” Fernandez said of the 17-year-old. “A very strong sense of self. They said ‘I want to go to college. I want to be a doctor.' ”
But do they and the others fit the legal definition of refugee?
A refugee is, by the provisions of the U.N.'s 1951 Convention relating to the Status of Refugees, a person “ … owing to well-founded fear of being persecuted for reasons of race, religion, nationality, membership of a particular social group or political opinion, is outside the country of their nationality and is unable or, owing to such fear, is unwilling to avail themselves of the protection of that country; or who, not having a nationality and being outside the country of their former habitual residence as a result of such events, is unable or, owing to such fear, is unwilling to return to it.”
President Obama takes a narrow, legalistic view. In language that might get an A on a law school exam, they said recently:
“[U]nder U.S. law, we admit a certain number of refugees from all around the world based on some fairly narrow criteria. And typically, refugee status is not granted just based on economic need or because a family lives in a bad neighborhood or poverty. It's typically defined fairly narrowly — the state, for example, that was targeting political activists and they need to get out of the country for fear of prosecution or even death. “There may be some narrow circumstances in which there is a humanitarian or a refugee status that a family might be eligible for. If that were the case, it would be better for them to be able to apply in-country rather than take a very dangerous journey all the way up to Texas to make those same claims. But I think it's important to recognize that that would not necessarily accommodate a large number of additional migrants.”
But to St. John's Fernandez, their 17-year-old patient, along with the others, fit the definition of a refugee. “She is a victim and having to return with an existing threat is a danger if they go back to Guatemala.”
In other words, is an organized gang threatening to kill you and your family less a peril than a government targeting political activists?
Congress refuses to deal with the problem. Obama is proposing a pilot program in which children in gang-ridden countries would be able to apply in their own country to the U.S. government for refugee status. They also asked for funds for a limited number of defense lawyers and immigration judges to hear the cases of those applying for refugee status. But everything they proposed was stymied by House Republicans.
As a result, the 17-year-old St. John's patient will have to go into immigration court herself, unable to speak English, unfamiliar with the proceedings they face.
It's inhuman for the child refugees to be put in that position. Obama and the rest of Washington should step back and heed the words of the governor of a state receiving a large number of the children, Jerry Brown of California. Here's what they said in Mexico City recently, as reported by The Sacramento Bee:
“This is a human problem and it has been the religious call of all religions to welcome the stranger, and it's in that spirit that I believe the clergy can call the United States, Mexico and all the players to perhaps a higher response than might otherwise happen.”
The health workers at St. John's, whose lives are devoted to welcoming the stranger, would certainly agree with that.
From April 1-10 I attended the Digital Nomad Girls Retreat in Las Palmas, Gran Canaria, which is a Spanish island off the coast of Africa. It's pretty much perfect weather all the time. It was warm enough to swim in April, without being too hot. In all honesty, before I went I just assumed it was a big packaged resort location older Germans go to, but I stand corrected! There's actually a big digital nomad scene there, it's affordable, and there are loads of outdoor stuff to do, water sports, as well as nice nightlife and, of course, the beach.
Where to Stay
Restation Coliving and Coworking – We stayed here as our retreat location, but you can rent a room separately. It's mostly for digital nomad types, and people working online while traveling. Restation is really great at organizing social and work events, so that you end up with a ton of friends by the time you leave even if you come alone. They do breakfasts every morning with a talk from a member, and they have a whatsapp channel everyone is on, where meetups over dinner and drinks are planned. They also had yoga mats for us to borrow, and of course fast internet. The owner, Maria, is fantastic and really involved in making sure everyone has a great and happy time.
Camino Art Hotel – They had me at “200 year old cave rooms”. This is not in the city part of Gran Canaria, so it's good if you're going for the experience and to get your outdoors on. If I stayed longer I probably would have taken a short holiday in the mountains in the center of the island, because it's breathtaking. Plus, you can sleep in a cave!
Camino Art Hotel (photo from Booking.com)
Ecohostel Bettmar – This one is in the center of Las Palmas, for those who are more into hostels. They offer simple, modern rooms with free Wi-Fi. It is an eco-friendly hostel with recycled furniture and an interior patio with a vertical garden. Water is heated using solar power. There are 2 lounges where you can relax, as well as a computer area. Guests may use the equipped kitchen to cook their own meals. A selection of restaurants can be found within a 10-minute walk. Prices around 20€ per night.
Ecohostel Bettmar (photo from Booking.com)
Manipa Hostel Eco-friendly – I didn't stay in this area, but it looks fantastic. The hostel itself looks gorgeous, so I'd go there simply just to chill in that environment and meet some new people. You can stay in a shared room, or get your own double room. There are lots of lofts, rooftop patios, shared and private rooms, hammocks. Please go and tell me how it is, I'll have to check it out when I'm back.
Manipa Hostel Eco-friendly (photo from Booking.com)
Apartamentos Colón Playa – Here's one if you just want your own normal apartment with a kitchen to chill out in. Also, so you can cook your own accidentally vegan chocolate churros (see my supermarket find below). There's also a shared rooftop sun terrace. Each apartment in Colón Playa comes with a kitchen, a private bathroom and a lounge with sleeping area. There is a satellite TV, free Wi-Fi and a safe. Most apartments have a private terrace. This one is around the area I stayed in. Prices are pretty affordable too.
El Warung – I heard a lot about this place, a cave hostel! A few people I met went here and stayed a night or two just for the experience. Let me know if you've been there. The views from the place look stunning.
The Basics
While Gran Canaria is really closer to Africa, it's part of Spain (hello colonialism, I see you!) and thus Spanish is spoken there. Most people speak of a bit of English, but not a ton. I downloaded the Google Translate package for Spanish on my phone offline when I first arrived and that did me wonders. Everyone is very friendly there though, so people put up with my barely existent Spanish just fine.
It's an island, thus the beach is everywhere. There are awesome mountains in the center, good wine, and surprisingly, a big traveler and digital nomad scene. I guess it's a good local option to avoid a cold winter in Europe. I got roundtrip direct tickets for 80€ from Ryanair. Yes, it was a five hour fight from Berlin…with Ryanair…but I survived and would do it again.
While food was not the focus of the retreat, of course I scoped out the vegan situation there.
Strangely, while doing my vegan food research in advance, I didn't find very many blog posts about vegan options in the area. The few I found were from a few years ago, so I thought it'd be a good idea to write my own. Of course there is Happy Cow, but looking at blog posts is usually one of the first things I do when I know I will travel somewhere.
Now, Gran Canaria is not the most vegan friendly destination ever. Luckily, however, there are a lot of accidentally vegan things and several vegan or vegan-friendly restaurants. The most popular are these Papas Arrugadas con Mojo (wrinkled potatoes with mojo sauce). The mojo sauce is essentially a shit ton of garlic, olive oil, peppers, paprika, etc. I could swim in it. These are everywhere, so get on that.
(photo credit to the official Gran Canaria tourist website because I accidentally deleted my photo)
Papas Arrugadas con Mojo pictured above. The first night we went to Toma Pan y Moja, and our retreat organizer warned them ahead there'd be vegans. So I had a lot of vegan-friendly tapas, including these famous local potatoes. We also had a bunch of stuff with tofu, etc.
Basal Grill & Beach
The night before the retreat, the few of us who were there early headed to Basal Grill & Beach for dinner and sangria. They are mostly non-vegan, but had a few good vegan dishes like these sweet potato noodles with tofu and veggies. The sangria was excellent!
Our second day we went hiking
Not a bad view, right?!
I would just like to point out that I got sunburned on April 2nd. Yes, sunburned in April. It's my fault for only putting sunscreen on my face, but whatever.
Anyway, after our hike we headed to a cute town in the mountains. By the way, the roads are crazily windy getting up and down the mountains in the center of the island, full of switchbacks. Bring your motion sickness pills if you get carsick!
During our hike, I crawled through caves and saw my first almond tree in real life!
Little baby almond in progress!
Los Almendros
We went to a restaurant in the small town in the mountains called Los Almendros. The view from the patio here was fantastic, and luckily they had a vegan dish.
I'm not sure what to call this, but it had avocado so I was happy. We also got more papas arrugadas con mojo and some fried veggie appetizer with sauce. By the way, I bought four GIANT avocados in the supermarket in Las Palmas for 4€. Four euros!!! In Berlin, one shitty small avocado will set you back 2€. If I lived here I would just eat avocados all the time, with everything.
Racimo 16
Literally across the street from our co-working space was Racimo 16, an all-vegetarian restaurant. They offer a few different daily specials, and 1-2 are always vegan. I got this carrot ball thing on rice and a salad. It was nicely spiced and quite tasty!
Carrot Meatballs on Rice from Racimo 16
Natural Burguer
I went to Natural Burguer to share lunch with some people from the co-working space. They have meat and veggie stuff, and a big picture menu of everything so it's easy if you don't speak Spanish. There's soy meats and soy remoulade well. Reading Happy Cow afterwards, it seems there is some controversy over whether the bread is vegan, and whether the soy meats are cooked in the same oil as the regular meat. You'll need to draw the line wherever is comfortable to you. If you can speak Spanish, I bet you can clarify that better than me. If so, report back!
The food is quite affordable here. Not mind-blowing, but exact what you expect and good.
Falafel, potato wedges and ketchup from Natural Burguer
Salad with Soy Chicken from Natural Burguer
My burger with soy patty from Natural Burguer
Bioloco
Bioloco was the first and only all-vegan place I went to. It's a restaurant and cruelty-free bar. I really liked the space, they also sold vegan iChoc chocolate bars. Everyone was friendly and they spoke a little bit of English, although I tried by tiny bit of newly-learned Spanish out on them relatively successfully. They do have an English menu though, filled with salads, sandwiches, burgers and cakes.
I started out with a soy latte, which was served with raw (or maybe coconut?) sugar.
My favorite thing I ordered, however, was this Caesar salad. It's filled with vegan cheese, veggie chicken, croutons, lettuce and of course ample creamy salad dressing. It was pretty epic, and I liked it a lot more than what I got the second time.
Loaded potatoes from Bioloco to-go with vegan ketchup, mayo and all sorts of things. Good if you need a carb fix.
My to-go burger from Bioloco. This wasn't my favorite, but it wasn't bad and got the job done. I think I just wasn't a fan of the bread they used.
Chocolate cake from Bioloco. I also wasn't a huge fan of this, as I found it too dry. I like my cake moist. Ah well, maybe it was a bad day for that cake. The sauce was yummy!
Casa Ari Indonesian Food
I really want to go to Indonesia, so I was excited to try some Indonesian food at Casa Ari. Everyone I met raved about this place, and it lived up to the hype. They also have a “vegano” labeled section of the menu, and the owner was aware what vegan was a was happy to recommend a dish to me.
To be honest, I don't really remember what I got because I just asked them to recommend something. It had a lot of tempeh and veggies and was yummy! Next time I want to try something with noodles.
Mr. Kale
Mr. Kale is in the Old Town of Las Palmas, Vegueta, which is super pretty. It's vegan-friendly here, with a build your own concept for stir-fries, smoothies, smoothie bowls, and burgers, plus some a la carte things. I got another noodle stir-fry, which was tasty. What stood out though, was the cake…
Seriously, it's a bad picture, but this red velvet cake was vegan and gluten-free, and it was possibly the best cake I've ever had in my life. It was moist, and just the right amount of sweetness, with a super creamy, yummy frosting. Oh my. I will dream about it, it came totally unexpected.
Best of India
I ended up at Best of India because a group of us wanted to go to Casa Ari, but it was closed and this was around the corner. It wasn't any more vegan than a normal Indian restaurant, but of course you can order all the lentil, beans, potato and spinach, etc. dishes without ghee. I got a lentil dish. It was tasty, but I found the whole experience very over-priced. My lentils were around 8€, and didn't come with rice. A portion of white rice would have cost an extra 4€!!! So I went without.
If you're really craving Indian food, I'd say go for it. Otherwise, there are other places with more affordable prices.
Lentil dish from Best of India
Cafe Regina
One thing Las Palmas doesn't do much of is hipster coffee shops. My retreat mates kept raving about Cafe Regina, however, so I went to check it out. It's nice and big inside, and they roast their own coffee beans. They have sandwiches and stuff, but none of them are vegan. There is soymilk, however!
If you want a nice coffee I'd definitely check this place out. I got the latte below for less than 2€!
Soy latte from Cafe Regina for less than two euros!
Checking out the supermarkets
You'll find little supermarkets all over, but there's also a big supermarket with lots of international food in the basement of El Corte Ingles department store. One downside to all the supermarkets I noticed, however, is the amount of packaging.
I mean, is that really necessary for a squash?! Really?
Anyway, in the big Carrefour and in El Corte Ingles they also have a veggie section where you could get your soymilks, soy meats, seitan, tofu, Alpro products, etc.
My best find in the smaller local supermarket, however, were these chocolate-filled churros:
Talk about an accidentally vegan win. Just in case you don't believe me, here are the ingredients on the box:
Yaaaaaaaaas.
Zoe Food
There were some other places I wanted to check out, but not enough time. One major one I missed is Zoe Food. My friends went there, but I was in severe need of alone time so I skipped it. They all immediately texted me raving about how great it was and all the vegan options, and sent pictures.
So you should probably check it out if you go!
Those were my lovely 11 days in Las Palmas, Gran Canaria, Spain! As I mostly went for the retreat, I didn't expect much from the place, and I was so, so happily surprised! I will definitely be back when I want an affordable break from the Berlin winter.
Oh, and if you want to read my review of the Digital Nomad Girls Retreat, you can do so here.
Union Representing Giant Workers Preps For Strike
A union representing grocery store workers says it is negotiating with Giant and preparing for the possibility of a strike.
United Food and Commercial Workers Local 27 leaders say in a statement Sunday that they have reached a tentative agreement with Safeway. They say they're prepared to recommend the agreement for ratification at a contract meeting on Wednesday. But they say Giant still won't agree to a similar deal.
Giant Food said in a statement Tuesday that negotiations are continuing and Giant is committed to reaching a fair and reasonable contract
The union says its current contract extension expires Friday and it is beginning preparations in case a strike is needed. They tell members that they will share information they will need to prepare financially.
bufkill.vim : Unload/delete/wipe a buffer, keep its window(s), display last accessed buffer(s)
script karma Rating 291/105, Downloaded by 5401 Comments, bugs, improvements Vim wiki created by John Orr script type utility description NOTE! This location is no longer the latest code - it's moved to github, and set up as a pathogen-style bundle, here:
https://github.com/qpkorr/vim-bufkill
Basic Usage:
When you want to unload/delete/wipe a buffer, use:
:bun/:bd/:bw to close the window as well (vim command), or
:BUN/:BD/:BW to leave the window(s) intact (this script).
To move backwards and forwards through the chronological
list of buffers accessed, use :BB and :BF, respectively.
Mappings are also defined.
Detailed Description:
This is a script to
a) unload, delete or wipe a buffer without closing the window (or windows)
it was displayed in
b) in its place, display the buffer most recently used in each window
it was displayed in. This selection is taken from the full list of
buffers ever displayed in each respective window (since vim was started)
c) allow one level of undo in case you kill a buffer than change your mind
d) allow various customizations via option variables
Since the script maintains a list of buffer access order for each window,
commands are also provided to move backwards and forwards between
the buffers in this order, similar to going backwards and forwards in a
web browser.
The inspiration for this script came from
a) my own frustration with vim's lack of this functionality
b) the description of the emacs kill-buffer command in vimtip #622
(this script basically duplicates this command I believe,
not sure about the undo functionality)
c) comments and many mails from Keith Roberts when the issue was
raised in the vim@vim.org mailing list. install details The usual - drop the file into your $HOME/.vim/plugin directory (unix)
or $HOME/vimfiles/plugin directory (Windows), etc.
Use the commands/mappings defined to invoke the functionality
(or redefine them elsewhere to what you want), and set the
User Configurable Variables as desired. You should be able to make
any customisations to the controls in your vimrc file, such that
updating to new versions of this script won't affect your settings. rate this script Life Changing Helpful Unfulfilling script versions (upload new version) Click on the package to download. package script version date Vim version user release notes bufkill.vim 1.11 2012-12-11 7.0 John Orr Major bug fixes by David Emett, especially relating to
the creation of new buffers when the last buffer is killed.
Also improved restoring of column on console vim.
Key mappings can be disabled by setting g:BufKillCreateMappings to 0
(thanks to various contributors)
bufkill.vim 1.10 2011-06-16 7.0 John Orr Improved handling of quickfix buffers, and various other fixes bufkill.vim 1.9 2010-12-30 7.0 John Orr Remove unnecessary mapping delays, and a debug message bufkill.vim 1.8 2010-12-30 7.0 John Orr Improved mapping handling, and robustness bufkill.vim 1.7 2010-06-12 7.0 John Orr Convert to Vim 7 lists instead of string-based lists.
Add buffer navigation (move backwards and forwards through most recently used buffers), support for scratch buffer removal.
Improved honouring of the 'confirm' vim option - thanks Magnus Thor Torfason
Added (opt-in) Ctrl-^ override support to preserve cursor column.
Minor additional improvements.
bufkill.vim 1.2 2010-06-12 6.0 John Orr Add column-saving support, to ensure returning to a buffer means positioning the cursor not only at the right line, but also column.
Last version that will (should...) work with Vim 6.0. bufkill.vim 1.1 2004-12-01 6.0 John Orr Fix handling of modified, un-named buffers bufkill.vim 1.0 2004-12-01 6.0 John Orr Initial upload ip used for rating: 128.148.231.11
Camaro ZL1 Delivers 580 Horsepower and Exclusive Technologies
So this is it - what awed onlookers can only point at and whisper "The Big One". Already, city builders, superheroes, gaming icons and footy giants have all fallen by the wayside. Only five remain in what has been one of the brightest and best years for new gaming releases on record. It's time to crown Digital Spy's 2015 game of the year.
Will it be Big Boss or Geralt of Rivia, Maxine Caulfield or Pip Boy? Read on to find out...
And don't forget to join us tomorrow (December 28) for a closer look at 2015's game of the year.
5. LIFE IS STRANGE - XBOX ONE, XBOX 360, PS4, PS3, PC
We said: "It's easy to get behind our leading lady, a surprisingly-grounded hero that smashes the angsty teen stereotype to pieces by displaying wit and emotional maturity throughout the episode." (ML)
4. FALLOUT 4 - XBOX ONE, PS4, PC
We said: "Fallout 4 feels like a culmination of the fantastic work Bethesda did on Fallout 3, New Vegas and Skyrim, surpassing them all in terms of scope and scale. There's a megaton of killer content to discover in post-apocalyptic Boston, and once you've set foot there, you'll never want to leave. This one will leave you glowing for a half-life measured in centuries." (ML)
3. BLOODBORNE - PS4
We said: "Bloodborne may not be a Souls game and it doesn't fall into the horror genre, but it captures everything that makes the series so satisfying, so terrifying and so magical. You'll want to keep playing, discover its secrets, fight every monster, try every weapon, discuss theories and explore as many of the community dungeons as possible. To put it bluntly, you'll want to bleed the game dry." (LM)
2. METAL GEAR SOLID 5: THE PHANTOM PAIN - XBOX ONE, XBOX 360, PS4, PS3, PC
We said: "It's a game that understands everything about itself and how it works. It's the best stealth game ever made and feels like a game-changer for the medium as a whole - through its scope, the freedom it offers its players, and its deft structure." (JD)
And Digital Spy's 2015 winner is...
1. THE WITCHER 3: WILD HUNT - XBOX ONE, PS4, PC
We said: "Fighting monsters, gathering information and carrying out side quests can be a slow process, but then The Witcher 3 isn't a game you'll want to rush.
Not only do you care about the characters and want to see how their stories end, but you want to scour every inch of The Witcher 3's glorious game world.
It's a world you want to get lost in, a world where fast travel is an afterthought and a world you want to keep exploring in case there's something you've missed." (LM)
Words by Liam Martin, Mark Langshaw and Joe Donnelly.
The practice of giving small gifts to your wedding guests i.e. wedding giveaways is an old one but still very popular among couples around the world. Centuries ago in Europe it was handing out sweets and almonds, but now you can create a special wedding giveaway that is perfect for your personality and the mood of the wedding. It is a great way to show your appreciation to guests who are present on your special day and a way to give them a little memento of this day you will never forget.
Firstly decide on whether you plan to have a wedding giveaway per table, per family, couple etc. or just for your nearest and dear and for which function. You can then decide accordingly about how personalized you want it to be. One of the ways to come up with what to give is the theme of your wedding. It could be something romantic like a vintage photo frame or contemporary like a CD with your wedding playlist and with its own personalized cover. If you have a specifc theme like a beach weddings think outside the box like a lovely tissue pouch filled with shell shaped candy, a pair of salt and pepper shakers shaped like flipflops or even beached themed candles. Whether you have themes like a fairytale theme or a Bollywood theme, it looks great when you take the effort to create a unique wedding favor that suits the event.
Personalized wedding favors are another way to send a little something of your wedding back home with your guests. Small gifts like shot glasses, wine corkscrews, champagne flutes etc. with a monogram of your names and the wedding date or design from the décor are so sweet. You could even consider personalized stationery, handkerchiefs, key chains bookmarks or pens. There's also a lot you can do with do-it-yourself projects and tighter budgets. Small colourful pouches and decorated boxed filled with chocolates, miniature candles, personal notes with your favourite romantic poem and even a small sapling are some ideas. Make sure to take a little effort to prettify the packaging and make it special.
If you are planning on gifting wedding favors to a small bunch of people like say your closest girlfriends things like monogrammed compact mirrors or a personalized mani and pedi kit, a set of luxury soaps etc. are great gifts. For traditional Indian weddings you can consider things like a bandhni potli fileld with bangles, a set of two diyas, carved wooden or lac boxes, a box of mithai in your wedding colours and the like.
If you aren't sure how to manage your Indian wedding giveaways, there a few options you can consider. If it's a really small function you can hand it over personally or ask a family member to do so. You can also incorporate it into your centerpieces and you then have a nice two in one piece. One of the easiest ways to do it is to have a table set up with a sign requesting your guests to pick one up and thanking them for being there with you on this lovely occasion.
Photo
TEL AVIV — Israeli Navy commandos on Tuesday peacefully commandeered a catamaran sailed by an international group of Jewish activists trying to break Israel's blockade on Gaza.
The nine activists, from Israel, the United States, Britain and Germany, among them an Israeli 82-year-old Holocaust survivor, responded defiantly to the Israeli Navy when it hailed them from a frigate demanding they identify themselves and give their destination.
“We are going to Gaza,” the group responded from the deck of the 30-foot catamaran, Irene, festooned with peace flags and carrying humanitarian aid, according to a Twitter update posted on its Web site.
Israel's military said in a statement that the vessel was boarded without incident and that “no violence of any kind was used by neither the passengers onboard nor the Israel naval forces.”
Photo
But an army spokesperson's account was countered at least partially by Smadar Ben-Natan, a lawyer representing the group. They said that two brothers on board, one a former Israeli air force pilot and high-profile peace activist, were mistreated by the forces during the operation.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Ms. Ben-Natan said Yonatan Shapira, 38, the former pilot, was struck by a stun gun and that both they and their brother Itamar, 30, a former combat soldier, were “treated brutally and handcuffed and taken off the boat while the others were treated better.” They added that, over all, the seizure was peaceful.
Motocross Discipline
Petrolheads,
Having kick-started our series of Discipline articles off with a nod to Street racing, this week we're heading off the beaten track for some fun with the Off-Road Family – more specifically, the Motocross Discipline!
Set in countryside locations throughout the US, Motocross (MX) will simultaneously challenge your bike handling skills, both on the dirt and in the air.
From the starting grid to the checkered flag, you'll have three laps to stay ahead of seven other riders and try to cross the finish line first. But the difficulty doesn't just come from your competitors; the circuit itself can also make or break you.
Every race combines unique track profiles and sharp bends, to ensure it's never easy to shake your competitors. The harder the race, the narrower the track and the tighter the turns.
And that's just when your wheels are on the ground, because it wouldn't be Motocross without a healthy dose of jumps thrown into the mix as well! From classic singles, doubles and triples, through whoops to table and camel jumps, we can guarantee you'll get plenty of air-time.
Careful, though… air-time also means landing, and with dynamic weather that can affect your grip on already challenging terrain, you'll need to judge the optimum time to take your bike to the skies.
That being said, once you're in the air you can be sure that the view will be worth it. From the White Mountains of New Hampshire to the deserts of Nevada, locations are dressed to impress with breath-taking scenery and screenshot-worthy vistas!
That's it for Motocross, gear heads! Don't hesitate to share your thoughts about this Discipline with us on our official channels, and we'll see you next time.
---------------------------------------
The Crew 2 will be available in 2018, for PlayStation®4 system (includes enhanced features on PS4 Pro), Xbox One (includes enhanced features on Xbox One X), and Windows PC. It will be available 3 days early, for Gold Edition owners on all afore-mentioned platforms.
For more information on The Crew 2, watch the official announcement trailer and look for more details here! Join the The Crew community on the forums and Reddit, and sign up for our Beta here to try our new Disciplines out for yourself!
I enjoy my iPhone tremendously; I think it's the most important product Apple has ever created and one they were born to make. As a consumer who has waited far too long for the phone industry to get the swift kick in the ass it so richly deserved, I'm entirely on Apple's side here.
But as a software developer, I am deeply ambivalent about an Apple dominated future. Apple isn't shy about cultivating the experience around their new iOS products and the App Store. There are unusually strict, often mysterious rules around what software developers can and cannot do — at least if they want entry into the App Store. And once you're in, the rules can and will change at any time. Apple has cracked down several times already:
The developers involved are contractually prevented from even discussing specifically what happened to them by the terms of the app store. Those frustrating, inconsistent, opaque App Store experiences led developers to coin parodies such as Apple's Three Laws of Developers.
A developer may not injure Apple or, through inaction, allow Apple to come to harm.
A developer must obey any orders given to it by Apple, except where such orders would conflict with the First Law.
A developer must protect its own existence as long as such protection does not conflict with the First or Second Law.
It is absolutely clear who is in charge when you submit an application to the App Store. Apple developers serve at the pleasure of the king.
In Apple's defense, this is done in the name of protecting the consumers from malicious, slimy, or defective applications. Sort of like Nintendo's Seal of Approval, I guess.
The court of the king is a lucrative place to be, but equally dangerous. While upgrading my iPhone to iOS 5 – an excellent upgrade, by the way – I was surprised to discover the following blurb in the feature notes:
Safari Reader displays web articles sans ads or clutter so you can read without distractions. Reading List lets you save interesting articles to peruse later [like the popular Instapaper application], while iCloud keeps your list updated across all your devices.
Apple has since changed the page, but at the time I read it, there was a direct linked reference to Instapaper, the popular "save this webpage to read later" application which Reading List is a clone of. I distinctly remember this mention, because I was shocked that they would be so open and overt about replacing a beloved third-party application. Perhaps it made Apple uncomfortable too; maybe that's why they pulled the Instapaper text and link.
If Microsoft added a feature to Windows that duplicated a popular application's functionality, developers would be screaming bloody murder and rioting in the, er, blogs and web forums. But in the Mac world, if the king deems it necessary, then so it must be.
When iOS 5 and Lion ship, Apple will show a much larger percentage of iOS-device owners that saving web pages to read later is a useful workflow and can dramatically improve the way they read. If Reading List gets widely adopted and millions of people start saving pages for later reading, a portion of those people will be interested in upgrading to a dedicated, deluxe app and service to serve their needs better. And they'll quickly find Instapaper in the App Store.
I've met Marco Arment, the developer of Instapaper, and I like Marco. He's even been a guest on the Stack Exchange podcast. This is a nice, optimistic interpretation, but the reality is a little scarier. I'm struggling to understand why anyone would buy Instapaper when they can click a button in Safari and have that web page delivered to any of their Macs or iOS devices for later reading via iCloud.
Ah, but wait – what about offline support? Yes, that's something only Instapaper can deliver! Or can it?
A common scenario: an Instapaper customer is stocking up an iPad for a long flight. They sync a bunch of movies and podcasts, downloads some magazines, and buys a few new games, leaving very little free space. Right before boarding, they remember to download the newest issue of The Economist. This causes free space to fall below the threshold that triggers the [new iOS 5 space] cleaner, which — in the background, unbeknownst to them — deletes everything that was saved in Instapaper. Later in the flight, with no internet connectivity, they go to launch Instapaper and finds it completely empty.
That's the problem with kings, you see. Their rule is absolute law, but they can be capricious, erratic, and impulsive. If you're lucky enough to live under the rule of a fair and generous king, then you'll do well. But historically speaking, monarchies have proven to be … unreliable.
I tend to agree with Marco that this is, in the big scheme of things, a minor technical problem. A private application caches not subject to iCloud syncing and space limitations would fix it. But it speaks volumes that Marco – a dedicated subject of the king – apparently had no idea this change was coming until it was on top of him. It's negatively impacting their Instapaper business and their customers. It's also concerning that this issue wasn't resolved or at least raised as a serious concern during the lengthy iOS 5 beta. Perhaps Apple's legendary secrecy is to blame. I honestly don't know.
As a consumer, I like that Apple is perfectly willing to throw its software developers under a bus to protect me (or, more cynically, Apple itself). But as a software developer, I'm not sure I can cope with that and I am unlikely to ever develop anything for an iOS device as a result. If you choose to deliver software in the Apple ecosystem, this is simply the tradeoff you've chosen to make. Apple developers serve at the pleasure of the king.
Deputy commissioner Arturo Lachica of the Bureau of Customs (BOC) was ambushed in Manila on Thursday night, an official of the Manila Police District (MPD) said.
Supt. Aquino Olivar, head of the Sampaloc police station, said Lachica, who was shot while their car was traveling along España Boulevard, was declared dead on arrival by physicians at United Doctors Medical Center.
ADVERTISEMENT
Olivar said Lachica's identification was provided to the police by the BOC official's driver and bodyguard who survived the ambush. They were with Lachica inside a black sedan when a motorcycle-riding man shot them around 6:50 p.m.
The three were driving to Quezon City when waylaid. Lachica was headed home from a conference at the BOC headquarters in Manila.
Olivar said Lachica was seated at the back while the bodyguard was beside the driver. Motive has yet to be established, the police added.
Lachica's body bore two gunshot wounds in the chest.
But Olivar clarified the official report on Lachica's injuries would come from the scene of the crime operatives.
The incident was reported to MPD homicide section at 8:50 p.m. Investigators Marlon San Pedro and Dennis Turla are currently on site gathering evidence.
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
Several Trump administration officials are pushing a diplomatic deal that would give Saudi Arabia nuclear technology for civilian purposes, according to Mike Cernovich, the independent journalist who broke the stories about Susan Rice spying on Trump officials and H.R. McMaster wanting a massive ground war in Syria.
National Security Advisors H.R. McMaster and Dina Powell, along with Chief Economic Advisor Gary Cohn, are all pressuring President Donald Trump to accept the deal in preparation for a ground war in Syria, according to some sources close to Cernovich. Trump, however, is reluctant to go through with the deal.
Despite being one of the world's largest oil producers, Saudi Arabia intends to build 16 nuclear power plants by 2030.
Whether Saudi Arabia's nuclear technology will be used solely for civilian purposes remains to be seen.
In 2011, former Saudi intelligence chief Prince Turki al-Faisal stated that their country would consider producing nuclear weapons if it found itself wedged between a nuclear-armed Israel and Iran.
Saudi Arabia obtaining advanced weaponry remains a source of concern for some U.S. officials.
“Saudi Arabia is an unreliable ally with a poor human rights record,” Senator Rand Paul (R-KY) told Foreign Policy in 2016. “We should not rush to sell them advanced arms and promote an arms race in the Middle East,” Sen. Paul added, referring to an arms deal that later failed.
Regarding a nuclear-armed Saudi Arabia, Senator Ron Johnson (R-WI) told CNN in a 2016 interview that “Saudi has good relationships with Pakistan, they could just buy a weapon and again further destabilize the Middle East.”
However, concerns about Saudi Arabia's nuclear program will likely fall on deaf ears in Washington D.C. due to the Saudi's enormous influence over U.S. politics and media.
Saudi Arabia spends over $10 million per year on lobbying and public relations in the United States. They use contacts in American media to influence public opinion, such as New York Times Bureau Chief Steven Lee Myers, Wall Street Journal chief foreign affairs correspondent Jay Solomon, the Washington Post's Joby Warrick, and Reuters columnist Paul Eckert.
The Saudis have also proven their ability to wield significant influence over U.S. policy in other ways, as shown by their successful 2016 threat to sell $750 billion in treasury securities over proposed legislation that would have allowed families of 9/11 victims to sue the Saudi government.
Between now and September, MIT will roll out the Access MIT pass, one of several new commuter benefits for Cambridge campus faculty and staff. The new benefits include free, unlimited subway and local bus usage, and increased subsidies for parking at MBTA stations and commuter rail tickets. The Access MIT pass is a reflection of the Institute's commitment to sustainability and climate action, and will be accompanied by a shift to pay-per-day parking at most lots in an effort to reduce the number of cars on campus.
The Access MIT program is an initiative to create a variety of affordable, low-carbon transportation options and change the way the MIT community thinks about commuting. By connecting programs, education, decision-making, and modes of transportation, Access MIT strives to create a new awareness and shared understanding of transportation choices and their impacts. Detailed information about MIT's commuter programs, including Hubway, ZipCar, and the AccessMyCommute tool, are available on the commuter benefits webpage.
“Technology offers new strategies to change commuting behavior to the benefit of individuals, the Institute, and surrounding communities,” says Les Norford, the George Macomber Professor in Construction Management in the Department of Architecture, who sits on the Committee for Transportation and Parking. “Access MIT is a significant effort, on the part of many people, to make that change desirable and effective.”
Need for a sustainable commuting solution
In recent years, the area surrounding the MIT campus has become a growing innovation hub, attracting startups and global enterprises from around the world. With these organizations come new researchers, technologists, scientists, students, and entrepreneurs.
In many ways, MIT is at the center of this innovation ecosystem. It is therefore a priority for the Institute to identify innovative ways to proactively address the livability of the area, for both the campus community and the surrounding neighborhoods.
“The question is,” says Julie Newman, director of the Office of Sustainability, and member of the Transportation and Parking Committee, “How does MIT advance its mission in the most sustainable way? And how do we expand our academic initiatives while also minimizing our impact on the community and the environment?”
A commitment to sustainable transit options is part of MIT's response to questions like these. “MIT works very closely with stakeholders within the Institute, public sector, and in the community to develop smart, sustainable transportation alternatives, from sponsoring transit studies to addressing challenges in the MBTA system to working closely with the Kendall Square Association,” says Michael Owu, chair of the Committee for Transportation and Parking and director of Real Estate at the MIT Investment Management Company (MITIMCo). “We hope that other organizations will follow our lead and implement similar programs.”
In a letter sent today to faculty and staff, Executive Vice President and Treasurer Israel Ruiz stated, "Access MIT embraces the goals of MIT's Plan for Action on Climate Change, and is a visible demonstration of our commitment to lowering MIT's commuter-related emissions.” They added, "With Access MIT, the Institute will be one of the largest employers in the state to provide this level of universal transit benefits.” Ruiz thanked the members of the Committee for Transportation and Parking for their dedication in bringing these new commuting options to MIT's campus.
Becoming a living lab to change commuter behavior
Over the past seven years, the MIT Transit Lab, in collaboration with the Parking and Transportation Office, has focused on how faculty, staff, students, and visitors travel to and from MIT. One particular challenge was the total cost of building and/or maintaining parking spaces in and around the MIT campus — and whether this could be offset by improving commuter awareness of the problem and incentivizing new behavior.
In 2010 the Parking and Transportation Office, in conjunction with the Transit Lab, launched a pilot program called the MIT Mobility Pass. This represented an exciting, first-of-its-kind collaboration between MIT and the MBTA. The pilot involved approximately 1,000 MIT employees who typically parked on campus, and allowed these employees to access MBTA subways and local buses at no additional cost to them, providing new daily options for commuting to campus.
Based on the success of the pilot, MIT has decided to expand the program to include all benefits-eligible MIT faculty and staff at the Cambridge campus. By becoming a “living lab,” the research team believes that this program may represent a new model for managing commuter demand within densely populated areas.
The Access MIT pass program
Supported by the initial research conducted by the Transit Lab, MIT has set out to reduce parking demand on campus by 10 percent over the next two years with the launch of the new program, which combines pay-per-day parking for most parkers with free access to MBTA subway and local bus, among other benefits.
“The decision used to be whether to buy an annual pass and drive every day, or not,” notes John Attanucci, research associate and manager of the MIT Transit Research Program. “With this new approach, commuters will be able to drive one day then ride the T the next and save money in parking fees. By having options, we can begin changing the way people think about commuting.”
To make it easy for MIT employees to use the new MBTA benefits through the Access MIT pass program, CharlieCard chips will be embedded directly into new MIT ID cards. In addition to providing free subway and local bus access to all benefits-eligible faculty and staff on the Cambridge campus, the new program eliminates the need for most parkers to purchase the annual permits that financially commit them to driving for the entire year. This gives commuters the flexibility to choose, day-to-day, how they get to campus.
Andrea Campbell, the Arthur and Ruth Sloan Professor and head of the Department of Political Science, and co-chair of the Sustainability Taskforce, comments, “Faculty and staff often ask how they can make an individual contribution to the global climate challenge. This is an exciting opportunity for community members to use their commute as a way to take action toward combatting a big problem.”
The new commuter benefits program will include:
Free MBTA subway and local bus access via CharlieCard chips embedded in new MIT ID cards;
A shift from annual contracts to daily parking at most MIT gated lots, with total maximum expense capped at the annual parking rate (currently $1,760 for 2016-17);
Increased commuter rail subsidy from 50 percent to 60 percent;
Subsidized parking of 50 percent at MBTA stations, up to $100 per month.
Monthly LinkPass holders will no longer be required to pay 50 percent of the monthly fee, and employees who bike, walk, or drive to campus will be able to ride the T free anytime.
“By putting people first, we've been able to create a collection of programs — everything from unrestricted T passes to emergency ride assistance — that give virtually everyone at MIT more than one way to get to campus,” says Newman. “It's about developing transportation literacy and providing options so people get to make an informed choice, each day, about how they commute.”
Also launched recently, in collaboration with the Transit Lab, is an online tool that informs and encourages new commuting options. AccessMyCommute is an online dashboard that allows commuters to compare transit modes and analyze their carbon footprint. It also uses points, rewards, and incentives to encourage the use of public transportation and carpooling, as well as walking and biking to work.
Access MIT and the new MIT ID card
The rollout of this program relies on the issuance of new MIT ID cards that have CharlieCard chips embedded in them. All benefits-eligible faculty and staff at the Cambridge campus wishing to take advantage of the new Access MIT pass need to proactively upgrade their ID cards in one of two ways. Over the summer, employees can visit the MIT Card Office in Room W20-021 to obtain their new IDs. Starting in June, the Parking and Transportation Office will offer on-site visits to departments to swap IDs. New IDs will be activated when issued, so credentials and permissions will transfer, and faculty and staff will have immediate access to their MBTA benefits.
The MIT Parking and Transportation Office will share more details about Access MIT in the weeks to come. For more information on the program, and to learn about how to obtain a new MIT ID card, visit web.mit.edu/accessmit.
The summer holidays provide the government with plenty of good days to bury bad news. Folks head off on holiday and journos head into the silly season, making it a perfect time to quietly lift the sluice gates of the pools of political sewage. This year is no exception. The government announced its proposed changes to the laws controlling protest around parliament, commonly known as the Serious Organised Crime and Police Act 2005 or Socpa.
There is little public support and considerable antipathy towards this totemic law seen by many as a symbol of Labour's contempt of liberty, but I am running ahead of myself, so let us recap.
The first clue as to this law's nature is that it was introduced by David Blunkett with the specific aim of removing the peace protester Brian Haw from their vigil in Parliament Square. Blunkett went on record as saying it was a "sledgehammer to crack a nut and this is a tough nut" It is not often that a law introduced to punish one individual serves any great purpose and so it was for Socpa.
The act makes it illegal for a protest in a designated area of up to a 1km radius of parliament without seeking written authorisation from the police six days in advance. As there is no strict legal definition of what constitutes a demonstration it means that one person wearing a stop the war badge and standing by Westminster tube station could be arrested for demonstrating without authorisation. "Ah," you may cry, "this is merely legalistic supposition." Not so, a friend of mine was threatened with arrest for having a picnic in Parliament Square, their offence was the pink icing on their cake which spelt the word "peace". This was the same law that saw Maya Evans and Milan Rai arrested and convicted for reading the names of the British and Iraqi war dead by the Cenotaph.
The law enables the police to place conditions on a demonstration in the area, restricting how many people attend the demonstration, where it can be held, how long it can be held for and "the number and size of banners used". As if police have not got better things to do than count the banners on a demo to see if there is one too many.
After campaigns that defied and ridiculed the law Jack Straw announced it would be repealed. News of Jacqui Smith's intentions to scrap it were leaked to the Observer in 2008 and the draft constitutional renewal bill even announced its demise. Despite the government dragging its feet, hopes were cautiously optimistic when the joint committee on human rights published their report Demonstrating respect for human rights? (pdf) in March 2009.
The report recommended the Socpa laws "be repealed, principally because they have proved too heavy-handed in practice, are difficult to police, and lack widespread acceptance by the public." And indeed the constitutional reform and governance bill, released this July, does repeal section 132-138 (the bad bits) of Socpa! Hurrah! So have the government belatedly done the right thing?
We have long ago given up hope of that happening and once again we would be proven right. Socpa is to be replaced by a new provision in the Public Order Act. "What are these powers?" you may ask and the simple answer is that no one knows, they are to be introduced with a statutory instrument, which is a bit of law written by the relevant minister after the law is passed. So parliament will approve a law that has yet to be written with no chance of amending it.
What we do know is that whatever laws are passed apply to a radius of 250 metres from parliament, which reduces the area the law covers but will still include Downing St, the back end of the MoD, parts of the embankment by St Thomas' hospital, bits of the Thames, Westminster Tube station, BERR, Defra, the Foreign Office, the Treasury, the QE2 Centre, Westminster Abbey and, significantly, Brian Haw's peace vigil in Parliament Square which given they were the intended target of this law has ironically survived.
We also know that the law will enable the police to impose conditions "as to the place at which the assembly may be (or continue to be) held, its maximum duration and the maximum number of persons who may constitute it." But as to the exact nature of the law we know nothing, as this too will be covered with law written after it is passed. On the upside it looks like we can have as many banners at a demo as we want now.
Given Labour's track record on civil liberties and the timing of its release we can only assume that far from repealing Socpa they have replaced it with Socpa lite.
Reviled hate preacher was finally jailed last year after swearing an oath to ISIS
But they claimed their trial was unfair because of the judge's summing up
An appeal judge has thrown out their claims today, saying they are groundless
Choudary could still be free as soon as next year, after serving half of their term
Anjem Choudary has been denied an appeal against their convictions after a judge rejected claims their trial was unfair
Hate preacher Anjem Choudary has been denied permission to appeal against their conviction for being a recruiting for ISIS.
ADVERTISEMENT
The 50-year-old cleric and their disciple Mohammad Mizanur Rahman, 34, were each jailed for five-and-a-half years after signing an oath of allegiance to the terror group.
The pair, whose followers had attempted and carried out numerous terror attacks, spread their militant brand of Islam through lectures on YouTube.
Choudary managed to evade justice for 20 years before they and Rahman were convicted of inviting support for a proscribed terrorist organisation at the Old Bailey and jailed in September last year.
The pair applied for permission to appeal their convictions, arguing that the trial judge, Mr Justice Timothy Holroyde, had misdirected the jury during their summing up.
They claimed that jurors wrongly thought they could convict them for inviting support for ISIS during speeches which weren't on the indictment.
Rabble-rouser Choudary and their lieutenant Mizanur Rahman were jailed for inviting support for ISIS after a long police campaign to get them off the streets
Rabble-rouser Choudary and their lieutenant Mizanur Rahman (pictured) were jailed for inviting support for ISIS after a long police campaign to get them off the streets
Today, a panel of judges led by Lady Justice Victoria Sharp denied them an appeal, saying the summing up at their trial had 'contained correct directions of the law' and was 'a fair and accurate summary of the case'.
Lady Justice Sharp pointed out that neither defendant nor any member of the 'highly experienced' legal teams raised the point during the trial.
Lady Sharp ruled that neither Choudary nor Rahman 'has an arguable ground of appeal' and ruled that their convictions 'are not arguably unsafe'.
Many of Choudary's followers, who included Lee Rigby's killer Michael Adebolajo and suspected ISIS executioner Siddhartha Dhar, are in either in jail or fighting for jihadist groups abroad.
Police do not know exactly how many of the 850 Britons who have gone to Syria were directly influenced by the firebrand cleric but detectives said they were a 'key' figure in Isis's radicalisation and recruitment drive.
But they could be back on Britain's streets as soon as next year, as they will be entitled to automatic release after serving just half of their five and a half year jail term.
Choudary took great joy in provoking the British public with a series of stunts, including one in which their followers burned remembrance poppies and disrupted Armistice Day events.
They also called for Buckingham Palace to be turned into a mosque and paraded a picture of their vision which was made by a man who later fought for ISIS.
Resize
Choudary spent years organising radical sermons and holding provocative stunts.  They are pictured with a poster of Buckingham Palace made into a mosque
Their now-banned group, Al-Muhajiroun, became a breeding ground for terrorists, most notably Michael Adebolajo, the radical convert who hacked to death soldier Lee Rigby in 2013.
ADVERTISEMENT
After a trial which was shrouded in secrecy, Choudary and their deputy Rahman were found guilty of 'inviting support for a proscribed organisation' under the Terrorism Act 2000.
Anti-terror police investigated 20 years worth of material, with over 333 electronic devices containing 12 terabytes of storage data analysed.
Their trial heard Choudary swore an oath of allegiance to ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi in an East London pub after the so-called 'caliphate' was declared in the Middle East.
They and their deputy then pressed upon Muslims their supposed obligation to 'make hijrah', meaning to travel to ISIS-occupied lands, the court heard.
Alan Colmes, Fox News contributor and longtime broadcaster, died Thursday morning. They were 66.
Colmes died after battling a "brief illness" according to a statement on their website.
"He was a great guy, brilliant, hysterical, and moral. They were fiercely loyal, and the only thing they loved more than their work was their life with [wife] Jocelyn," the statement read. "He will be missed."
Colmes joined Fox News in 1996 and was co-host alongside Sean Hannity on the popular "Hannity & Colmes," which found them debating the news of the day from a liberal point of view with the conservative Hannity.
Hannity issued a statement Thursday morning that was broadcasted on Fox's "America's Newsroom" calling Colmes "one of life's most decent, kind and wonderful people you'd ever want to meet."
"When Alan and I started Hannity and Colmes, there wasn't a day that went by where we didn't say we were the two most fortunate men in all television," Hannity said in the statement. "Despite major political differences, we forged a deep friendship. Alan, in the midst of great sickness and illness, showed the single greatest amount of courage I've ever seen."
Hannity ended the statement by saying that they are "truly heartbroken at the loss of a dear friend" and that "he will be deeply missed."
Others at the network shared their memories of Colmes on social media.
"I am heartbroken at the loss of my sweet brother-in-law Alan Colmes," wrote former Fox News contributor Monica Crowley on Facebook. "Alan was a true gentleman in every sense of the word. They took their beliefs and work seriously and at the same time lived their life full of joy, laughter and commitment... They were a gentle soul and a good man."
Brit Hume, Fox's senior political analyst, tweeted that they were sad to hear of the death of Colmes and that even though they agreed on little that they "liked them immensely."
So sad to hear of the death of Fox News colleague Alan Colmes. They and I agreed on little, but I liked them immensely. Good guy. R.I.P. — Brit Hume (@brithume) February 23, 2017
Colmes, who was born in New York City and graduated from Hostra University, was more than this role at Fox News. They were a longtime radio host with WABC and WNBC, author, and even a stand up comedian.
 They are survived by their wife, Jocelyn Elise Crowley.
Launch Module Overview
NGNG Presents: Launch Module Overview
NGNG Presents: Launch Module Overview
NGNG Presents: Launch Module Overview
Private lobbies will be a new way to group up and play with your friends, enemies, in small groups, and even big leagues in MechWarrior Online coming out April 29th, 2013. Not only that but there will also be major change in the way the public matchmaking works.But what are all these changes and how do they work? How do you properly utilize the interface and set things up in the new lobby system?Never fear MechWarriors and MechCommanders, No Guts No Galaxy has your back with the latest HPG interceptions and intel!First we should make the distinction between a premium lobby and a free lobby and then examine how to create said lobbies.The two different lobbies are as follows:allow two groups of 12 players (24 players total) to group up and sync together. The map is set to random and you are still using the 3 lights, 3 mediums, 3 heavies, 3 assaults system also referred to as 3/3/3/3.allow for much more user control over the lobby settings. You are able to select game mode, the map, tonnage rules, if you are playing with full teams, match time and even lock the view mode. This lobby does not have to follow the 3/3/3/3 rule and can accommodate anywhere from 2 players all the way up to 24.It's actually very simple. You simply select the “Play now” button and a “select match type” screen will prompt you with the options to either play a public match (Matchmaker) or to create a private match.If you are looking to drop into the matchmaker simply select ok and it brings you to the tabs to select the gametype preference. If you are looking to make your private lobby select private match and hit ok. The game will then bring you automatically to the private match screen.If you have a premium account then this lobby is automatically upgraded to a premium lobby and as such all the options are available to modify.- change the gamemode between Random, Assault, Conquest, and Skirmish- change the current map. Can select between Random and any available map currently in the game.- Set a maximum team tonnage or a minimum team tonnage- Yes or No. Enables the lobby to be launched with or without filled teams. This will be set to “No” if you want to do 1v1's, 2v2's, or any team size desired as long as one player on each team is present. In order to set it to “No” the lobby creator and the Company Commander of the opposite team must have active Premium Time on their accounts.- How many minutes the match will last- Both, First Person Only, Third Person Only- Allows you to change what mech is currently selected and active. Just a note - you can not as of yet enter into the mechlab from the private lobby, meaning all the mechs in the mech select can not be edited from there, only selected. Though it is possible to purchase consumables between matched while in the lobby!- Just like with group play, enables yourself to ready / not ready.Just a side note - there is also an active counter of tonnage on the top bars of each team. So as mechs change you can easily see the difference between the teams weightGetting players into your lobby is a very simple process. After you created the lobby simply bring up your friends list. You now have a few options. You can select a friend and invite them to the lobby from the list. Simply click the user and the option invite to private lobby should be available to select. If that player is also the leader of a group - that group can also be brought into the lobby.The second option is by player name, which is at the bottom of your friends list and under the add friend option. Again if this player is also a group leader for another group, then the entire group will be pulled into the private lobby.We should also note that it is not possible to invite a player if that player is offline or if the invited player is a member of a group but not the group leader. It is also not possible to accept an invitation to a group if the lobby does not exist anymore, there are no more free spaces (More than 24 players), the private match already started a match.The new matchmaker brings in the mech weight class restrictions by implementing the 3/3/3/3 rule, as previously mentioned.The matchmaker will fill public matches according to this rule.When balancing teams based on weight class, the matchmaker also tries to prioritize tonnage when matching to keep tonnage close to each other on each team.When it comes toa few restrictions are going to now apply. When launching into a public game a group needs to stay within the rule of only 3 Mechs per class, this also applies for the 12 man public matches. There will not be more than one group on each team now and all the missing slots are going to be filled with the solo players, while still keeping the 3/3/3/3 rule set.We at No Guts No Galaxy can not wait to see what sort of leagues, videos and game types come out of the community with the introduction of the private servers. We also hope that those who solo drop or even group drop enjoy the new weighted system and the changes that it will bring.Now get out there MechWarriors, its time to drop!
White Nationalist Richard Spencer may be speaking at the University of Florida and a protest is already brewing.
In a letter from the university's president, Kent Fuchs, Spencer has reached out to UF to speak on September 12. But on the very same day, at least 1,000 people say they will be there in protest of the white nationalist.
The Facebook Event called No Nazis at UF - Protest Richard Spencer calls for a protest in front of the Phillips Center for Performing Arts; 1,000 people have said they're going and over 2,800 have said they're interested.
Zackery Ryan, a UF alum, echoes the concerns of many students and people in the community about Spencer coming to speak on campus.
From the No Nazis at UF - Protest Richard Spencer Facebook event.
"That's our campus," Ryan said, "our community, do we really want it destroyed?"
They continued in a text message: "I really feel that we should learn from the mistakes of other universities that allowed them to hold their events on campus."
Ryan is referring to the wave of arrests and violence like what happened at Auburn University or Texas A&M, not to mention the most recent violence and tragedy out of Charlottesville.
Sign up for the GMJ On the Go Thanks Something went wrong. This email will be delivered to your inbox once a day in the morning. Thanks for signing up for the GMJ on the Go newsletter. Please try again later.
Submit
Spencer is a known leader of the white nationalist movement was present and participating in Charlottesville with the former KKK leader, David Duke, according to ABC News.
Fuchs' letter states that Spencer speaking at UF is not an event that is affiliated with the campus or any campus group, instead, Spencer's company, The National Policy Institute, has sought to rent space for Spencer to speak.
The letter goes on to detail that UF lets third parties rent out space for events and that the National Policy Institute, like all third party groups, will have to cover the cost of the rental and security. The letter continues:
For many in our community, including myself, this speaker's presence would be deeply disturbing. What we've watched happen in Charlottesville, VA. in the last 24 hours, is deplorable. I again denounce all statements and symbols of hate. The University of Florida is a community of learners, educators and scholars. We encourage open and honest dialogue, and we strive to build an inclusive environment where hate is not welcome. While this speaker's views do not align with our values as an institution, we must follow the law, upholding the First Amendment not to discriminate based on content and provide access to a public space.
Though we have a responsibility as a public university, we also have a vital duty to our students, faculty and staff to uphold our educational mission.
Instead of allowing hateful speech to tear us down, I urge our campus community to join together, respect one another and promote positive speech, while allowing for differing opinions. These types of groups want media attention. I encourage our campus community to send a message of unity by not engaging with this group and giving them more media attention for their message of intolerance and hate.
Fuchs said in their letter that the UF administration and the University of Florida Campus Police will be working together to develop a security plan for the potential event.
The Gainesville Police Department released a statement stating they are aware of the possibility of Spencer coming to speak at UF. In the Facebook post, they also address threats that were made on a popular website called 4Chan that site Gainesville, and possibly Jacksonville, as the next white nationalist "battle ground." (Be advised the language in those posts are vulgar, click at your own discretion.)
Mitch Emerson made the public Facebook event but said that many campus groups and local people are working together to create a coalition against Spencer speaking on campus.
Emerson did not attend UF, but knows many who did after they worked as part of the Obama campaign on campus in 2008. They said they created the group because they knew if there was going to be a way to get people together against Spencer speaking at UF, they had to assemble sooner rather than later.
"If we know it's definitely happening, you need to get working and planning now," Emerson said. At first, many people thought it was just a rumor.
In their experience, Emerson said about 50 percent of the people who say they are coming to events like these show up and about 10 percent of the people who say they are interested show up, but they believe this will be different.
"I would expect a very high turn out," Emerson said. Many people are reaching out to them wanting to be involved without being tying their names publicly to a resistance, in fear of backlash.
"I have no doubt I will be harassed for creating the event," they said, but they felt it was important to bring attention to Spencer speaking on campus and make a public space where people outside of Gainesville could coordinate being part of the resistance.
"Alt-right -- white nationalist -- it's important for people to know it's a hate group," Emerson said. "They're a hate group and there is not an alternative fact way of describing it," they continued. It is not a matter of separatism or preserving European history as it has been said to be before by white nationalists, but it is the idea that if you are not white, you are less, Emerson said.
From the No Nazis at UF - Protest Richard Spencer Facebook event.
Some students are divided on allowing Spencer to speak, however.
UF alum Kiwanie said in a Facebook comment:
We can't go against the first amendment so it's their right to speak. Even though I don't agree or condone their white supremacist nazi propaganda UF shouldn't be a bubble/safe space from speakers like this. It's scary because obviously some people believe what they say & that might provoke bad actions from other people but I see this as an opportunity for people like us who are more open minded to start that conversation with someone who believes their propaganda & might be an opportunity to have an intellectual conversation & expose those people to our point of view. It's all about educating when we have a chance & not let ignorance take charge. I can go on but unfortunately this is the country we live in now.
But some people are fed up and think that UF is being complicit in a message that is not safe for students, like UF alum Bobby who spoke out in a Facebook comment:
It shows a lack of concern for the actual Students of Color who go to the university, but y'know, someone who has no affiliation should be made to feel welcome amirite?
First Coast News wasn't able to reach the University of Florida for comment as they do not have media personnel available on the weekend. We will reach out on Monday for further comment.
ANDOVER, Mass. (WHDH) — A woman is recovering at their Andover home after they were attacked by a rabid raccoon on Thursday.
Maureen Bailey stepped outside to warm up their truck Thursday morning when they saw the animal, which they thought was a lost dog.
“I looked at them and I went to pet it and that's when it bit me on the leg,” said Bailey.
After the raccoon bit her, Bailey said they went to walk between the two cars parked outside their house. They then got boxed in by the raccoon.
Bailey saw people coming and going from a nearby convenience store and yelled for them to call 911. Soon, several police officers were on the scene and managed to catch the raccoon.
The animal was euthanized and tested positive for rabies. Bailey has since undergone a series of rabies shots.
(Copyright (c) 2019 Sunbeam Television. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.)
Wiedemann, mid-performance at the Game Science Center
Last weekend, Thorsten S. Wiedemann became the only human to spend two uninterrupted days in virtual reality. The performance, which was hosted by the Game Science Center in Berlin, was titled DISCONNECTED. We were lucky enough to speak to Wiedemann just days after the performance.
Motherboard: How did this experience change the way you think about virtual reality?
Thorsten S. Wiedemann: It's opened up a lot for me. Coming from the gaming side, now I see much, much more potential in virtual reality. One thing I really learned in these 48 hours is that the content is not good enough to do something like this, though. The boredom starts after 20, 24 hours, because of the repetition. The world is very simple. It's pretty flat. There's nothing you can really discover. Maybe there are different worlds, bigger worlds where you can spend three or four hours. Maybe I had the wrong selection, but I trusted the taste of my "VR Shaman" Sara Anna Lisa Vogl, [a virtual reality designer who created a number of scenarios for Wiedemann to play through].
Prior to DISCONNECTED, how long had you spent in virtual reality?
The longest was one hour. I think it was in Deep, a breathing game. You move around in an underwater world, and there's a special controller around your belly. When you inhale and exhale, you move around. It's pretty abstract, very nice and beautiful.
What led you to attempt this?
Since Oculus came out with the glasses and made the Kickstarter, I've been an advocate for it. All the dreams I've had, and all the movies, everything I've seen before, thinking about what the future is like—it's just coming together. As you maybe know, I work in independent video games, and I'm running the A-MAZE festival—we actually added virtual reality to the A-MAZE awards in 2015. Because I wanted to show off virtual reality in the festival, Valve sent me an HTC Vive.
That's when I came up with the idea of, how long can I stay in this room, walk around, live a little bit in there. How does the technology last for longer amounts of time? How does it psychologically work, if I stayed 12 hours in there? And then I thought, well, everybody in virtual reality tech has been in there for 12 hours. So maybe I'd go 24 hours. Then I was talking to Sara and I said, okay, let's do it, 48 hours.
Did the project change as you got closer to the performance?
Yeah. The first idea was that I was completely isolated with noise-canceling headphones, that I don't sleep at all. But it's already a challenge to spend 48 hours awake without drugs and I don't want to take drugs in virtual reality. So I decided to sleep maybe two and a half hours per day. I also thought it would be a cool experience to fall asleep and wake up in virtual reality, so we changed that.
The sleeping part was really interesting. I thought I would be shocked to wake up in a computer generated world, but I guess the brain is pretty stupid. When you sleep in your home, you know that you'll wake up in the same environment. I thought that would be different in virtual reality, but it feels the same. I was sleeping in a cage, which Sara had built me up in the mountain, so I could look at the sky. It was beautiful. The second night, somehow, the Steam virtual reality had a dropout and Sara had to restart. I was waking up near the sea, and that was irritating. It was like someone had taken me somewhere else.
Any headaches, nausea? These are common side effects of exposure to virtual reality.
Nope, nothing. I've never had nausea in any of the games. I don't know, maybe I don't get it. I thought I would get red eyes, but nothing. I was prepared—I had medication and stuff like that. I ended up taking nothing. I was just eating bananas and chocolate and chips, things to bring down my nerves.
The most challenging thing was all of the noise around me, since I had no noise-canceling headphones. I did it in the Game Science Center, and there were a lot of people passing by, hanging out, chatting. It made me mad. The other installations had their own sound, too, and that repetition made me crazy. I think the next trip, I really want to do with the noise-canceling headphones, so I can focus completely on the world.
So, no problems at all. Oh—two days later, I got some spots on my skin. Probably just too much chocolate.
You described Sara Vogl, your assistant, as your "VR Shaman." What was that title mean for you?
It's tied to the idea of DISCONNECTED—showing what's happening in 2026, ten years later. Everyone has their virtual reality glasses, everyone goes to educate themselves through virtual reality or whatever. But you go to centers if you want to do a real trip. So I was thinking, if you want to do a long trip, you need some control. When you use peyote, you run around with a shaman, and they take care of you. They deliver the trip to you, and shows you the world, and gives you some hints to help you understand the experience. For me, Sara was something like that, somebody I trusted to jump into this world and experience completely without fear. When I have a bad trip, I need somebody.
And actually, I did have a bad trip. In real life, I have panic attacks, once every two years or so. During the performance, I had two panic attacks. The first one I got through on my own, but the second one was after—whatever, 26 hours. My heart was beating too fast. I was very close to taking the glasses off. I was very stressed out, I couldn't get relaxed. But Sara got me through it. The shaman is important. You don't jump in there by yourself.
You are now the human who has spent the longest in virtual reality. How long do you think that title will last?
I was never thinking of doing a world record. I was doing it for myself. I don't care if someone goes longer—it would be nice to have someone challenging that.
What I want to try now is to jump together with Sara into virtual reality. I don't want to do 48 hours—maybe 24 or 12. We can travel through different worlds, completely monitored and completely isolated. Especially when the worlds are so boring, it's very nice when you have someone with you to talk. And maybe you would have more meaningful moments. When you're alone in there, you want to share, but you can't. That's pretty strange.
Every few years, the stars misalign and some social conservative comes out and does the political equivalent of baying at the moon. In the wake of 9/11, Dinesh D'Souza penned a whole book explaining that Osama bin Laden attacked the United States because Hollywood makes movies depicting America as a decadent, promiscuous country instead of a modest, God-fearing one.
And last week, an Iowa-based religious outfit, FAMiLY LEADER, asked presidential candidates to sign a pledge to defend traditional marriage and fight Islamic law, or Shariah. The trouble is that the steps that the four-page document lists to defend traditional marriage are tantamount to imposing Shariah.
Incredibly enough, only one candidate, Gary Johnson, has issued a statement condemning the pledge as “offensive” and “intolerant.” Two candidates, Michele Bachmann and Rick Santorum, actually signed it, and Tim Pawlenty mulled it over long and hard and then released a video saying that they like the principles in the pledge, but they want to talk about them in their own words. (Nicely triangulated, Mr. Pawlenty! Positively Cintonesque.)
The pledge triggered an uproar because its preamble included a statement—now withdrawn—implying that black kids were better off under slavery, when they had a better chance of growing up in a two-parent family. But that is far from the only wacky thing in the document, whose author, Vander Platt, is regarded as a kingmaker in Iowa's conservative circles despite being a three-time failed gubernatorial candidate.
Pledges can be useful devices to pin down politicians congenitally wired to evade and equivocate. They commit candidates to firm positions on specific issues—“no tax increases,” “no voting against a woman's right to choose”—making it harder for them to sell out once in office. But the marriage vow is not really a pledge. It is a manifesto to turn back the clock to medieval times and remake America around “Christian and Jewish scriptures,” just as the Taliban seek to remake Muslim societies around Koranic scriptures.
Even its more innocuous elements betray a disturbing megalomania. It proclaims that “faithful monogamy is at the heart of a designed and purposeful order” and asks candidates to vow personal fidelity to their spouses. But that's something the candidates are likely to have already done before priest and God at their nuptials, right? Making them re-pledge must mean that the group thinks it has powers beyond the divine. Talk about holier-than-thou.
But the personal vow is the least Talibanesque aspect of the document. It doesn't recommend the stoning of gays and fornicators, but it lays out a multilayered plan to ensure their social and political marginalization.
It denies that “non-heterosexual inclinations” are genetically determined, which implies they are a matter of choice and therefore a sin. It requires candidates to “vigorously” oppose any effort at any level, statutory, bureaucratic or court-imposed, to redefine marriage as anything other than the union of one man and one woman. No same-sex marriage, bigamy, polygamy, or polyandry—just in case, you know, Lady Gaga decides to acquire a harem of boy toys.
It also requires candidates to engage in “earnest, bona-fide” advocacy of the Defense of Marriage Act so that states that don't want to recognize same-sex marriages performed in other states don't have to. But since that would still leave room for gays to legally marry somewhere in the United States, it demands that candidates push for a constitutional amendment protecting the traditional definition of marriage. In short, it launches an all-out jihad against gay rights—to hell with niceties like state's rights.
Moreover, since traditional marriage requires traditional gender roles, the pledge has many nifty ways to keep women in the kitchen, barefoot, and pregnant. It calls for a ban on women in combat—for their own protection, of course—and asks the candidates to recognize that “robust childbearing and reproduction” is good for the country. Meanwhile, it also wants to protect women and children from pornography, something that will require a ban, although the pledge, showing admirable restraint, only hints at one.
More fundamentally, the pledge shares not just an animus toward gays and a retrograde puritanism with Shariah. As under Islamic law, the individual is persona non grata. Just as Shariah elevates the religious community over the individual, the FAMiLY LEADER elevates the family over the individual. Notice the cute lowercasing of the “i” in its otherwise uppercased name. What's more, it proudly calls its marriage vow “A Declaration of Dependence Upon Marriage and Family,” implying that free, independent individuals are an impediment to healthy marriages and families, not their essential building block. As if to drive home just how inconsequential an individual is, it uses the term only once in the main text, leading to some rather awkward linguistic constructions.
The pledge asks candidates to “support the elevation of none but faithful constitutionalists as judges or justices.” But a faithful constitutionalist who doesn't uphold the rights of individuals would be an oxymoron. The U.S. Constitution, after all, seeks to protect the life, liberty, and happiness of the individual—not the fecundity of the nuclear family. It says that all men—meaning individuals and not families—are endowed with rights.
FAMiLY FIRST would take the individual out of the Constitution—or perhaps, it would prefer, the CONSTiTUTiON.
Shikha Dalmia is a senior policy analyst at Reason Foundation and a columnist at The Daily. This article originally appeared at The Daily.
Updated from 10:38 a.m. to include January same store sales in the fifth paragraph.
NEW YORK (TheStreet) -- When Amazon (AMZN) hinted on its fourth-quarter earnings call it was considering raising the price of its popular Amazon Prime service, the stock rose in after-hours as investors clamored for more earnings. Consumers however, aren't as keen on the idea.
In a research note downgrading the stock, UBS analyst Eric Sheridan noted that in a survey, a surprising number of people said that they would not renew their Amazon Prime memberships if the company raised prices.
UBS partnered with Consumer Intelligence Research Partners (CIRP) and found that, while 94% of consumers would review at the $79 annual fee, that number dropped sharply with a price increase. Only 58% of those surveyed would renew if the price rose by $20, and just 24% said they would renew their memberships if the price rose by $40, to $119 annually. "Our survey results call into question our prior views about the value that a broad set of consumers are applying to the current iteration of Amazon Prime," Sheridan wrote in the note.
On the fourth-quarter earnings call, Amazon CFO Thomas Szkutak said that given customers are using the service more, Amazon is considering upping the price between $20 and $40 in the U.S.
The timing of a potential price increase for Prime comes at an interesting time. Research firm ChannelAdvisor notes Amazon's January same-store-sales rose 14%, well below the 27.9% seen in December, "a substantial m/m decrease caused by the holiday December spike." By comparison, eBay (EBAY) saw a spike from December, going to 12.7% from 11%, and Comparison Shopping came in at 12% down, from December's 31.1%, due largely to Google (GOOG) Shopping, and product listing ads (PLA).
Amazon has never fully disclosed the exact number of Amazon Prime users it has, making the decision to potentially raise prices all the more curious. The closest we've gotten to actual news is the day after Christmas, when Amazon said had "tens of millions of members worldwide." Macquarie analyst Ben Schacter confirmed with Amazon that it had more than 20 million members, but nothing specific.
TheStreet also conducted its own poll, and found that 70.1% of respondents said "no" when asked if they thought the service was worth having at a higher price, regardless of whether they currently use it or not. Over 1,000 people were surveyed between Jan. 31, 2014 and Feb. 2, 2014, and just 13% of the sampling currently subscribed to Prime.
Sheridan notes that if Amazon were to increase the cost of Prime, it would have to do so by giving customers more than they get now. That includes "additional media content, streaming music and/or Fresh (supermarket offerings) and/or b) an increased level of marketing around the perceived value of Prime to the general public." Currently, Amazon does little to no marketing around its Prime membership.
Amazon Prime has been most compared to Netflix (NFLX), which charges $7.99 a month for its most popular package. Netflix has enjoyed record success with its offerings, as the company had 33.4 million streaming subscribers at the end of the fourth-quarter, on the way to generating $1.17 billion in revenue for the quarter.
However, I think Amazon Prime is much more similar to Costco (COST), which has an annual membership fee for its shoppers. The fee, which ranges from $55 to $110, allows consumers to buy goods in bulk, saving them money in the long run. Costco upped the price of its membership fee, going from $50 to $55 in late 2011.
Whether Amazon can make consumers aware of the benefits of its Prime service, even at a raised price, remains to be seen. In the words of former Family Feud host Richard Dawson, "Survey says... NO!"
--Written by Chris Ciaccia in New York
>Contact by Email.
Follow @Chris_Ciaccia
Image copyright EPA
Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras says they have issued "a realistic proposal" to the country's international creditors in an attempt to secure a deal over its debts.
"We have submitted a realistic plan for Greece to exit the crisis," they said.
Mr Tsipras said the plan included "concessions that will be difficult".
 They are due to meet European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker in Brussels on Wednesday to discuss the Greek proposals.
Mr Tsipras' statement follows talks in Berlin late on Monday attended by the heads of both the International Monetary Fund and the European Central Bank.
International Monetary Fund chief Christine Lagarde and ECB president Mario Draghi's presence at the meeting between German Chancellor Angela Merkel and France's Francois Hollande underlined the seriousness of the talks.
Reports suggest the meeting was aimed at coming up with a "final proposal" to issue to Athens.
But Mr Tsipras, who was not included at that meeting, said they had not yet been contacted by the IMF and European officials.
"We are not waiting for them to submit a proposal, Greece is submitting a plan - it is now clear that the decision on whether they want to adjust to realism... the decision rests with the political leadership of Europe," they added.
A €300m (£216m) payment from Greece to the IMF is due on Friday.
There are fears Greece does not have the necessary funds to pay and could default on the debt, ultimately leading to its exit from the eurozone.
Friday's payment is the first of four totalling €1.5bn that Greece is due to pay to the IMF in June, and it is understood that the payments could be all bundled together and repaid in a single transaction at the end of the month.
If Greece decides to repay the funds in this way, it would have to notify the IMF, but it has not yet done so.
'Gigantic'
The country remains in a four-month long deadlock with international creditors over the release of €7.2bn in remaining bailout funds.
European lenders as well as the IMF are pushing for greater austerity reforms in return for the cash, which the Greek government has so far refused to make.
Germany's Vice-Chancellor, Sigmar Gabriel, said they supported efforts by the French and German governments to reach a deal in negotiations about Athens' massive debts, warning Greece's exit from the eurozone would have "gigantic consequences".
"The political consequences of a Greek bankruptcy in the eurozone would of course be gigantic. I think a lot of people have the impression that we're better off without Greece in the eurozone.
"The truth is that if we break the first piece out of the European house, Europe would be in a different state."
But Syriza parliamentary spokesperson Nikos Filis reiterated that the government would not sign an agreement that was incompatible with its anti-austerity programme.
"If we're talking about an ultimatum... which is not within the framework of the popular mandate, it is obvious that the government cannot co-sign and accept it," Mr Filis told Antenna TV.
Civil liberties activists today challenged prosecutors' arguments that sharing a small amount of marijuana among friends constitutes drug “distribution.''
“The Commonwealth is simply wrong to argue that sharing marijuana constitutes criminal distribution,'' Matthew R. Segal, legal director for the ACLU of Massachusetts, said in a statement. “More fundamentally, the Commonwealth's argument contradicts the will of the voters who approved marijuana decriminalization in 2008. The voters sought to limit marijuana prosecutions, not to invite creative ways for the Commonwealth to increase them.''
The activists warned that someone convicted of distributing marijuana could face up to 2 years in jail for the offense. And they suggested that anyone who shares a marijuana cigarette could be deemed a distributor.
Advertisement
The 2008 ballot referendum decriminalized possession of less than one ounce of marijuana.
Cape and Islands District Attorney Michael O'Keefe, vice president of the Massachusetts District Attorneys Association, defended such distribution prosecutions, saying sharing marijuana remains illegal.
They said the sharing constituted drug distribution, even if no money changed hands. “The law is still the law,'' they said.
They also saw activists' criticisms as “a kind of incremental attempt to water the law down.''
“It's the slow erosion of our drug laws,'' said O'Keefe. “If that's the way society wants to go, then let's have an honest debate about it. But I think it's a mistake. … It's just not a healthy thing, in my judgment, for our society.''
They said law enforcement and medical professionals were concerned about keeping marijuana out of the hands of youth, who could proceed from there to succumb to addiction to other drugs.
The civil liberties group said it was challenging prosecutors' interpretation of the law in a “friend of the court'' brief filed today in Commonwealth v. Pacheco, a case in the Supreme Judicial Court on appeal from Lynn District Court. An Essex County district attorney's spokesperson had no comment on the case.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
April 3, 2016, 8:59 AM GMT / Updated April 3, 2016, 10:08 AM GMT By Reuters
Officials wound back an initial tsunami threat issued after a large earthquake struck off the coast of the South Pacific islands of Vanuatu on Sunday.
The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center said the danger had largely passed and canceled an earlier warning of a possible tsunami as a result of the quake, which was initially measured at a magnitude of 7.2 but later revised down to 6.9.
The quake was also deemed to be deeper that first thought — 21 miles as opposed to 6, Kanoa Koyanagi, a geophysicist at the PTWC in Hawaii told Reuters.
Koyanagi said experts expected waves of no larger than 30 centimeters, well below tsunami levels, from the quake which struck 151 km north northwest of Vanuatu's Santo island.
"Based on all data available ... the tsunami threat from this earthquake has now mostly passed," the center said in a statement.
The Vanuatu Meteorological Services, a government department, said there were no reports of damage.
Anna Romero, a doctor staying at a hotel near the town of Luganville on Santo told Reuters they felt the tremor, but saw no signs of damage.
Earthquakes are common in the area and even large tremors often cause no tsunamis. A magnitude 7.3 quake struck off Vanuatu in October and a 6.3 quake struck in December without causing any damage.
In the ongoing argument over how the Republican Party can move forward after losing last year's elections, Florida Senator Marco Rubio has had a clear, coherent perspective. The GOP doesn't need to change its policies—it just needs to reach out to key voters, like Latinos, and bring them into the tent. To do that, Republicans need to appeal to the immigrant identity, and present the Democratic Party as a throwback to "the countries that your parents and grandparents came here to get away from."
But there's a roadblock. As they put it during a January address to the conservative Hispanic Leadership Network, "It's a difficult message to get to because the gateway issue of immigration stands in the minds of so many people who we live next to and love."
In other words, the party's stance on immigration keeps it from building common cause with voters who, as Rubio has described them, have a native social conservatism and enthusiasm for entrepreneurship.
And so, theirs solution—shared by many other Republicans—is to remove the barrier and get behind comprehensive immigration reform. Which is what he's done this week with the bill unveiled by the Senate's "Gang of Eight." "I think part of my job is to explain to people what it is we've worked on," said Rubio on CNN this past Sunday "try to justify it and hopefully gain their support … I hope I can convince people that this is the right approach."
But Rubio has a problem. The foundation of their pitch—that immigration is the issue separating Latinos from the Republican Party—is shaky. You can see the rationale: George W. Bush's "compassionate conservatism" included a real interest in unauthorized Latino immigrants that yielded them more than 40 percent of the Hispanic vote in 2004. And while John McCain lost in the following election, their long-standing relationship with Latino voters (by way of representing Arizona) earned them 31 percent support from Hispanics.
Mitt Romney, by contrast, ran to the right on immigration, hailing "self-deportation" and endorsing draconian laws like the ones in Alabama, Georgia, and South Carolina. Their total? 27 percent support from Latino voters, a low point for a Republican presidential candidate since at least 1972.
It stands to reason that Republicans can improve their standing if they adopt the approach of Bush, McCain, and other Southwestern Republicans, like Texas Governor Rick Perry. Unfortunately, it's not that easy.
First, there's the simple fact that Latinos lean further to the left than most Americans. The numbers speak for themselves. Seventy-five percent of Hispanics say they support bigger government with more services, and 30 percent describe themselves as "liberal," compared to 21 percent of the general population. They're highly supportive of Obamacare, and broadly in favor of gay rights.
If there's any place for Republicans to make inroads, it's abortion—51 percent of Latinos say it should be illegal in all or most cases. But even then, it's not clear abortion is a marquee issue for the group in the way that it is for white evangelicals.
To this wall, you should also add the Democratic Party's long relationship with Hispanics. Remember, Barack Obama wasn't the first Democrat to secure a large advantage among Latinos. Jimmy Carter won 56 percent even as they suffered a landslide loss to Ronald Reagan, and Michael Dukakis repeated the feat, winning 70 percent of Latino voters while losing the country to George H.W. Bush. On average, in the seven presidential elections before 2008, Democratic candidates finished with more than 60 percent support from Hispanic voters. Obama overperformed the average, but not by much.
Republicans can lead on immigration reform, and they might improve their image with some Latino voters. It will take more than that, however, to reclaim lost ground.
But even if Republicans were to make up lost ground among Latino voters by passing immigration reform, it wouldn't do much to change the electoral map in 2016 and beyond.
Mitt Romney would have had to have won two thirds of Hispanic voters in order to close the popular vote gap without additional votes from other groups. There's nothing Republicans could do in the near future to shift Latino voters by that magnitude–and even if they did, there's still the Electoral College to consider. Most Latino voters live in states that aren't especially competitive: Arizona, New Mexico, Texas, and California. In the states that determined the election, there are relatively few. In Ohio and Virginia in particular, Romney would have had to have won the overwhelming majority of Hispanic voters to overtake the president.
The country needs sensible immigration reform, and for that reason, we should applaud Republican efforts to clear the path forward. But the GOP is kidding itself if it thinks it can make gains with a single gesture.
All that said, there is a bright side for Republicans to consider: it's not unusual for a political party to lose the White House for eight years. You could even call it the norm. And afterward, the pendulum almost always swings back to the party that was out of power. Republicans could win 2014 and 2016 without changing a single thing about their party or their approach. In which case, immigration reform is nice, but not necessary.
For the former U.S. Postmaster General, see William Bolger
William Michael Bulger (born February 2, 1934) is a retired American Democratic politician, lawyer, and educator from South Boston, Massachusetts. Their eighteen-year tenure as President of the Massachusetts Senate is the longest in history. They then became president of the University of Massachusetts.
Their brother was convicted mob boss James "Whitey" Bulger, who led the Winter Hill Gang. In 2003 they refused to testify in a congressional hearing about communications they had with their then-fugitive brother.[1] For that they were forced to resign from the presidency of the University of Massachusetts.
Early life [ edit ]
Bulger was born in Dorchester, Massachusetts, to James Joseph Bulger, Senior and Jane Veronica "Jean" McCarthy, who were of Irish descent.  They are the third of six children in the family, and younger brother of former mob boss James Joseph "Whitey" Bulger Jr. (1929–2018). When Bulger was four years old, the family moved to South Boston's Old Harbor Village housing project, soon after it opened, in 1938. They grew up there and has maintained lifelong friendships with many of those who were their former neighbors, including best friend, Korean War Marine P.O.W. and Purple Heart recipient Fred L. Toomey. The late Congressman Joe Moakley (1927–2001) was also a close childhood neighbor.[2] Although the Bulger family was poor, William matriculated into Boston College High School. They enrolled at Boston College in 1952, but their undergraduate career was interrupted when they joined the United States Army. They served from September 1953 to November 1955, then returned to Boston College, completing their undergraduate degree in English Literature with the help of the G.I. Bill. They attended Boston College Law School, from which they received their Doctor of Jurisprudence degree in 1961.[2]  They are also the recipient of over 20 honorary degrees from a variety of academic institutions.[2]
Political career [ edit ]
Bulger became interested in politics in 1959 and was first elected to the Massachusetts House of Representatives as a Democrat in 1960. After serving five terms, Bulger was elected to the Massachusetts State Senate in 1970 representing the First Suffolk District. In 1973 they were named Second Assistant Floor Majority Leader.[3] After Joseph DiCarlo's conviction for extortion in 1977, Bulger succeeded them as Senate Majority Leader.[4] Bulger was elected President of the Massachusetts State Senate in 1978 and was re-elected every two years to 1996, making their time as State Senate president the longest tenure in Massachusetts history.
Bulger joined other Irish-American neighborhood leaders in opposition to court-ordered desegregated busing.
Like other Massachusetts politicians who were elected leaders of their legislative chambers, Bulger was frequently pilloried in the media, but remained very popular in their district. They won their district election every two years from 1961 to 1994 without ever facing a challenge more serious than they faced in the Democratic primary in 1988, when Stephen Holt, a neophyte liberal activist and bookstore owner from Dorchester won 31 out of 60 precincts, only to lose the district by a landslide due to the huge turnout of Bulger supporters in South Boston.
Political milestones [ edit ]
During the 1960s, they led efforts to write the first child abuse reporting laws in the state. They were supportive of environmental protection legislation.
Bulger was among the first advocates of charter schools and public school choice. During the 1980s, they advocated funding of public libraries, the expansion of childhood nutrition services and fuel assistance programs. As Senate president, Bulger led the debate on welfare reform in the early 1990s, with the resulting legislation becoming the model for a national law.
For many years, Bulger hosted the annual St. Patrick's Day Breakfast in South Boston. This is a "roast" of politicians.[2]
President of the University of Massachusetts system [ edit ]
Bulger was appointed President of the University of Massachusetts by the Board of Trustees on November 28, 1995. Their candidacy for the UMass position was supported by Governor William Weld. The appointment was controversial in academic circles, as Bulger had no prior experience in higher education, and lacked the academic doctoral degree usually required for the presidency of a major state university system.[5]
On August 6, 2003, Bulger announced that they would resign as president of the system effective September 1, 2003. Their resignation came due to pressure from Governor Mitt Romney after Bulger had refused to cooperate with authorities who were searching for Bulger's brother, the notorious mobster James "Whitey" Bulger.[6] Jack M. Wilson, Vice President for Academic and Student Affairs, who had come to UMass from the post of J. Erik Jonsson Distinguished Professor at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute to create UMassOnline, was tapped to be the interim president. Wilson was appointed as the president in March 2004 after the conclusion of a national search.
Controversy over brother [ edit ]
Bulger's older brother James "Whitey" Bulger, Jr., was a convicted crime boss and serial murderer[7] and the former boss of the Winter Hill Gang. Whitey was a fugitive from 1995 until their arrest in June 2011.
In 1999, Whitey's longtime aide, Kevin Weeks, pleaded guilty to a number of charges related to Whitey's crime spree and became a cooperating witness. Weeks revealed that in 1995, William talked to Whitey during an arranged phone conversation just two weeks after Whitey fled a pending racketeering indictment. William was called before a grand jury in April 2001 and admitted to talking with their brother. When asked why they didn't urge Whitey to turn themselves in, William replied that they didn't feel it was in their brother's best interest to give themselves up at the time.[8]
After portions of Bulger's testimony were published in The Boston Globe, they testified to a Congressional committee about the incident on June 19, 2003 after being granted immunity from prosecution for obstruction of justice. Bulger revealed that they went to an arranged location in 1995 to take a call from their fugitive brother, apparently to avoid electronic eavesdropping. They claimed that not notifying authorities about the call was "in no way inconsistent with my devotion to my own responsibilities, my public responsibilities" as state senate president.[8][9]
During the hearing, when asked what they thought James (Whitey) did for a living, William Bulger said:
I had the feeling that they were in the business of gaming and... whatever. It was vague to me but I didn't think, for a long while they had some jobs but ultimately it was clear that they were not being, you know, they aren't doing what I'd like them to do.[9]
They added that they loved their brother and hoped that the most brutal rumors concerning them will be proven false.
Bulger came under harsh criticism for their apparent evasiveness, and Governor Mitt Romney, among others, demanded their resignation. Under pressure from all quarters, Bulger resigned as president of the University of Massachusetts in the fall of 2003.
Bulger also testified that the FBI never asked if they knew of Whitey's location. Those remarks were disputed by a former FBI agent who claimed Bulger declined to submit to an interview with the FBI.[10] Months later, the committee report found Bulger's testimony "inconsistent" about whether the FBI had contacted them in its search for their fugitive brother.[10]
Upon Whitey's arrest in California in June 2011, William Bulger issued a statement expressing their "sympathies to the families hurt" in the case, and asking for privacy for their family.[11]
Active retirement and family [ edit ]
Bulger is a past president of the Boston Public Library and past member of the Board of Trustees.  They are also Overseer Emeritus of the Boston Symphony Orchestra. In addition, they are a former member of the Massachusetts General Hospital Board of Trustees, Museum of Fine Arts Board of Trustees, and McLean Hospital Board of Trustees. They joined the faculties of Boston College and Suffolk University as a lecturer of political science in 2004. Bulger lives in South Boston with Mary Foley, their wife whom they married in 1960. According to the Massachusetts Open Checkbook list of state pensions, Bulger is currently receiving a pension from Massachusetts at a rate of $200,486 annually.[12]
Biographical works [ edit ]
Bulger, William M. While the Music Lasts: My Life in Politics . New York: Houghton Mifflin, 1996. ISBN 0-395-72041-9.
. New York: Houghton Mifflin, 1996. ISBN 0-395-72041-9. Bulger, William M. "James Michael Curley: A Short Biography with personal reminiscences by William M. Bulger". Beverly Massachusetts: Commonwealth Editions, 2009. ISBN 978-1-933212-97-5.
ISBN 978-1-933212-97-5. Burke, John J. A Profile in Political Power , a 2010 documentary produced by JAMAR Productions, highlights the political career of William M. Bulger. [13]
, a 2010 documentary produced by JAMAR Productions, highlights the political career of William M. Bulger. Carr, Howie. The Brothers Bulger: How They Terrorized and Corrupted Boston For a Quarter Century. Lebanon, IN: Warner Books (Hachette Book Group, Inc.), 2006. ISBN 0-446-57651-4.
Already facing international criticism for its arrest of British reporters yesterday, Turkey continued its media crackdown with a raid against Koza-Ipek, a major media company in the capital of Ankara. The government said the raid was part of a “terrorist investigation.”
State media reported that the raid was targeting 23 companies in the Koza-Ipek Group who they are accusing of “giving financial support” to the Fetullahist movement, and conducting “propaganda” against the government. The raids came after Koza-Ipek papers published new details about cross-border weapons transfers by the Erdoğan government into Syria, including to ISIS.
The allegations aren't new. Back in May a series of videos and still images were released showing Turkish state intelligence agents participating in arms smuggling at the ISIS border. The prosecutors who uncovered the report were similarly detained as “terrorists.”
Koza-Ipek is seen by the government as particularly favorable to Fethullah Gulen. Gulen is an imam who lives in exile in Pennsylvania, and an advocate of a more tolerant form of Sunni Islam.  They are also harshly critical of corruption in government, which has set them at odds with Erdoğan and led to allegations of terrorism.
Yesterday's arrests targeted Vice News reporters, who were covering the Turkish war against the Kurdish PKK. They too are facing terror charges, which their lawyer says is an attempt to block media coverage of the war.
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
A bill that would prohibit discriminating against people based on their beliefs about climate change is up for a hearing in the Maine state capital.Republican Rep. Larry Lockman says their bill would prohibit the state from favoring or penalizing a person based on how they feel about climate change. It's up for a hearing on Thursday before the Legislature's Committee on Judiciary.Lockman says climate change doubters get treated like "heretics" and they deserve to be protected. They also say their bill would protect people who feel strongly that climate change is real.Peer-reviewed studies, science organizations and climate scientists say that the world is warming from human-made forces.Democrats and environmental groups in Maine say they will fight the proposal, which was referred to committee in March.
A bill that would prohibit discriminating against people based on their beliefs about climate change is up for a hearing in the Maine state capital.
Republican Rep. Larry Lockman says their bill would prohibit the state from favoring or penalizing a person based on how they feel about climate change. It's up for a hearing on Thursday before the Legislature's Committee on Judiciary.
Advertisement
Lockman says climate change doubters get treated like "heretics" and they deserve to be protected. They also say their bill would protect people who feel strongly that climate change is real.
Peer-reviewed studies, science organizations and climate scientists say that the world is warming from human-made forces.
Democrats and environmental groups in Maine say they will fight the proposal, which was referred to committee in March.
AlertMe
One of the big challenges with VR storytelling lies within the constraints on camera movement forced upon us by this tiny detail called simulator sickness. Quick zoom in to focus on a detail – nope, not possible, you can't zoom in VR. Nice dolly shot moving around the scene – be careful or the viewer might have a look at what they had for breakfast instead of comfortably watching your experience.
This doesn't mean that camera movement during an experience is impossible, it absolutely is and can be very nice effect also in VR (“Evolution of Verse” by VRSE is a nice example). However, those dolly shots have to be tested and refined extensively with many testers to ensure a comfortable viewing experience – while the safest bet is not having continuous camera movement at all. Needless to say that the former isn't very scalable while the latter is simply unsatisfactory from an artistic point of view.
A background in cognitive science and VR psychology research, Daniel Sproll is working as a VR UX specialist at RE'FLEKT, designing interactions for all sorts of non-gaming VR applications from data visualisation to interactive 360° video.  They are also an active member of the growing european VR scene and was a member of the Oculus Mobile VR Jam team Colosse. You can follow them on Twitter @left_big_toe.
When developing Colosse we we sat down and looked at the underlying perceptual causes of motion sickness and see if there was a possibility to design a robust, scalable method of allowing (even wild) camera movement without causing sickness. And so the ‘Limbo' was born.
Motion sickness is a problem caused by conflicting sensory cues: your visual system tells you, you move, but your sense of balance says no. This conflict triggers some instincts wired deeply into our mammal brains: our body thinks it got poisoned and switches on the nausea switches, trying you to stop and maybe even to get rid of what you just ate.
So in short, moving people only through the virtual space is bad but we still had a desire to do some sweet moving shots. Well, if the prophet can't go to the mountain, the mountain has to come to the prophet. In order to avoid or at least alleviate this effect we decided to try flipping the perception of the viewer: instead of you moving around the scene, the scene is moving around you.
The idea is not entirely new, but is built upon experiments with visual reference frames attached to the torso of the user as presented in a talk by Tom Forsyth from Oculus.
But how do you flip someone's perception? First thing to do is counteracting an effect called vection, the illusion of movement based on solely visual cues. Know that feeling when you sit in a train and think your train started moving but it was actually the train beside that was rolling away? That's vection. The biggest trigger of vection is optical flow: a lot of things within your visual field moving in the same direction. Thus, to reduce visual flow, we had to get rid of most of the scene. Fading out all but the most important elements to minimize visual flow during camera movement to avoid vection.
To further safeguard the viewer against any motion sickness we pulled another trick out of our sleeves: not only avoid vection by removing things from the scene but also add a fixed frame of reference centered to the torso of the user. Within this reference frame virtual and physical motion are in sync. No conflicts make your lizard brain happy and keeps your stomach calm.
We used two elements to create this reference frame: a subtle particle effect and a ground plane far below the user. Using short lived particles we were able to create this artificial reference frame without distracting the user.
During our first experiments it turned out our need to remove large parts of the scene could be a feature instead of a bug: it created an interesting effect of focus that can be used for storytelling itself. For Colosse we used the Limbo during a moment when our main character themselves has a moment of extreme focus and loses awareness of everything around him. The switch into the limbo mode creates a similar situation for the user, creating a connection to how the hunter perceives the situation.
While working on Colosse we experimented with the use of the limbo for different shots, for example the crab scene in the intro and the scene where the hunter discovers the cave paintings. In the end we decided to only use it for the key scene where the hunter goes for the Colosses' stone to not overload the short experience.
I think the limbo mode can be an interesting, flexible approach to enable more dynamic camera movement within VR. If tied into the experience in a meaningful way it can also be used as a storytelling tool, directing the user's attention. To enable more people to play around with it, I compiled an example scene that contains some basic assets and scripts as well as some example camera movements to play around with: https://github.com/leftbigtoe/LimboExample
Check it out and play around with it, I'd love to see what you guys come up with!
Tagged with: camera, colosse, dev, developer, virtual reality, VR
USA TODAY Sports
Jaguars running back Denard Robinson's season is over after injuring their foot.
Continue for updates.
Robinson Out of Boot
Monday, Dec. 29
Hays Carlyon of the Florida Times-Union reported that Robinson "has [his] boot off and is well on their way to being recovered from mid-foot sprain."
Robinson Placed on Injured Reserve
Tuesday, Dec. 16
The Jaguars announced a roster move involving Robinson:
The Jacksonville Jaguars today placed running back Denard Robinson on injured reserve, the club announced. Robinson suffered a foot sprain on Dec. 7 vs. Houston and was inactive last Sunday against Baltimore.
Robinson Out for Season With Sprained Foot
Wednesday, Dec. 10
Jacksonville Jaguars running back Denard Robinson's 2014 season is over.
Robinson is dealing with a sprained foot according to John Oehser of Jaguars.com:
The team also confirmed they would be done for the season.
Robinson, 24, has been surprisingly effective since entering the starting lineup in Week 7. On the season he's rushed 135 times for 582 yards and four touchdowns. He's added 23 catches for 124 yards receiving as well.
Jacksonville's running game has struggled all season, thanks in part to a below-average offensive line, but Robinson had clearly emerged as the Jags' top option.
Robinson, a fifth-round draft pick in 2013, had provided at least some spark on offense for Jacksonville. The Jaguars face the Baltimore Ravens Sunday. Toby Gerhart and Jordan Todman are next up on the depth chart.
Follow Tyler Conway (@tylerconway22) on Twitter
February 4, 2016 / Brooklyn news / Bedford-Stuyvesant Bed-Stuy board rejects outpost of Williamsburg hipster dive-bar empire Brooklyn Paper
Share on Twitter Tweet Share on Facebook Share
A Williamsburg hipster dive-bar empire's expansion into Bedford-Stuyvesant is an unwelcome intrusion, say members of the local community board, who rejected its bid for a liquor license after locals grilled the owners on how many black employees they have and whether they put staff through “sensitivity training” to ensure they treat residents with respect.
The advisory-panel voted 25–1 against the forthcoming Bedford Avenue bar from the guys behind urban honky-tonk Skinny Dennis, hair-metal hangout Rocka Rolla, faux-British pub George and Jacks, and pooch-friendly hangout Lucky Dog, fearing it will be an outsider's outpost that will refuse to assimilate with the neighborhood.
“This establishment is going to be built in Bed-Stuy, but it's not for Bed-Stuy,” said Community Board 3 member Felicia Alexander, who voted against the liquor license. “They're not looking to embrace the community and welcome us in.”
The booze-slingers — who plan to open their first non-L-train venture at the site of recently shuttered neighborhood staple Do or Dine near Quincy Street — told the board members and locals they currently have six black employees out of a total 24, and would consider the sensitivity training.
A partner in the venture assured the nay-sayers that the establishment will hire locals in the hopes they will draw a neighborhood crowd, and that all will be welcome at the new dive.
“It is for you, it is for everybody, and I hope you will get something out of it and give it a chance,” said real-estate broker Roni Dotan, whose bars are best known for spiked frozen coffee drinks served ironically in Anthora cups and a bus that ferries drinkers between all four locations. “I think if you went to our other bars you would see there is not one specific demographic.”
But one community member said the issue is not just black and white — the new breed of bars in the nabe are often unwelcoming to born-and-bred Bedford-Stuyvesant residents, and locals feel they are being overrun.
“It's not necessarily a race thing — it's just the employees within these establishments do not always make the people in the community feel welcome,” said Maria Flateau.
A few hardcore fans showed up to voice their support for the new venture — one barfly called one of the Williamsburg spots them “Cheers” — but the glowing reviews just added to the board's skepticism.
“I have to applaud you — I think you're the first to bring your own cheerleaders to a 4 am close,” said Alexander. “But that doesn't do much to sway our view.”
The influx of hipster bars into the nabe has been an ongoing concern in Community Board 3. Last month, members put another trendy barkeep through the ringer, though the majority ultimately decided to approve their application.
The board also rejected another group seeking a liquor license for a Marcy Avenue cocktail and craft beer hangout at Monday's meeting — only four rallied in defense of the bar while 17 gave it a flat “no” — citing community concerns about proximity to schools and an overabundance of alcohol sales in the area.
The board's votes don't actually stop the bars opening or getting a liquor license, however. Its decisions are passed on to the State Liquor Authority, which may or may not take them into consideration when deciding whether the bars get to serve booze.
Reach reporter Allegra Hobbs at ahobb s@cng local.com or by calling (718) 260–8312.
Updated 10:17 pm, July 9, 2018
©2016
NSW Assistant Commissioner Mark Murdoch said that by asking the person to stop filming, those officers were in breach of the NSW Police Media Policy. Arrested ... Jamie Jackson. "I would suggest it shows a degree of naivety of the police involved who made those comments," they said. "We understand and accept and in fact support the right of the community to film anyone in a public space. We do it ourselves as part of our operational duties. "The police need to be mature enough to know that everyone on the street basically has a mobile phone with camera capability and they are going to be filmed." Kevin Lynch, a lawyer from Johnson, Winter & Slattery, which provides legal advice to Fairfax Media, said it was legal to film anyone as long as you are on public property or have the permission of a property owner to film.
"If you're on public land or if you're in a situation where you have a right or an entitlement to use the land from which you're filming you can film you or me or the police or whatever is going on and there's not a general prohibition on you doing so." On the ground ... Jamie Jackson. Mr Lynch said filming police activities was "not a new thing" but could become a growing issue due to the proliferation of mobile phone cameras. "It goes right back to the Rodney King riots or the Arab Spring or what we saw during APEC and the Occupy movements around the world." A still from the video. Credit:YouTube
Under the NSW Police Media Policy, police do not have the power to prevent a person from taking photos or filming; confiscate their photographic or filming equipment; delete images or recording or request that they be deleted. Exceptions can occur if police have been given special anti-terrorism powers or if filming of the images amounts to offensive conduct. Jamie Jackson ... arrested at Mardi Gras. The police need to be mature enough to know that everyone on the street basically has a mobile phone with camera capability and they are going to be filmed Police officers who try to confiscate equipment or delete recordings could be prosecuted for assault or trespass to the person concerned.
Mr Murdoch said the media policy had been "communicated loud and clear" to all officers. "But clearly we still have much work to do there to get that message across." They said the police officers who were involved in the incident remain on frontline duties. "We need to wait and see what our internal and criminal investigations show," Mr Murdoch said. "If at some point in the future our investigations disclose that more robust action needs to be taken in terms of duty restriction, or criminal charges or departmental action, that action will be taken."
The Alexis Sanchez story dominated all the headlines over the weekend, overshadowing an excellent Liverpool performance which surprisingly involved a very strong defensive performance. Liverpool's attackers were in stunning form, especially Adam Lallana and Sadio Mane who pulled apart the Arsenal defence leaving other Liverpool attackers to run rampant.
“The thinking was that we had to go more direct and I wanted to play two players strong in the air because we decided to go more direct” – Wenger
Arsene Wenger might have included Sanchez in the starting lineup if not for the training ground bust up but still would have stuck to the direct approach. It makes sense for a team to go direct against Liverpool to completely bypass their midfield press and threaten their weak defensive unit. Manchester United did the same and almost nicked a win earlier this season, Leicester did it perfectly to the script in their win against Liverpool last week. So with a striker like Giroud who is strong in the air and with Danny Welbeck to support him, Wenger's strategy made perfect sense. For once, Wenger actually set their team out to counter the oppositions's strengths rather than sticking to the same old Arsenal template of trying to win playing “Beautiful Football”.
Looking at the Liverpool Pass map above, it is clear that Jurgen Klopp instructed Emre Can to drop deep and almost form a back three with the central defenders. Can stay deep and was rarely involved in any attacks or even in the build up play. James Milner took up the responsibility of the primary initiator of attacks from the deep. They had 81 touches of the ball, more than anybody else on the pitch. Also crucially, Can provide the extra height and protection against the long ball which has been a big problem for Liverpool this season.
Note the orientation of the midfield three against Leicester and Spurs
Liverpool's 4-3-3 this season has generally featured two deep midfielders with the third midfielder(generally Lallana) in a more advanced attacking position. Klopp, against Arsenal, flipped this trivote by playing Can in a very deep position and pushing both Wijnaldum and Lallana ahead. This allowed Liverpool to increase the intensity of their “death-metal” football by pushing more players forward but at the same time giving the defence extra protection from the long ball. There was a chance that Liverpool were vulnerable to the counter but Arsenal were very poor, especially in the first half when Liverpool's defence didn't have any sorts of problems. But Danny Welbeck's goal again clearly showed, how easy it is to slice through the Liverpool defence once you bypass the press.
This slight tweak to Liverpool's midfield might prove crucial in the upcoming matches as Liverpool seeks to qualify for the Champions League next season. In reaction to the Leicester defeat and subsequent criticism of Klopp's reluctance to change their system according to the opposition, the German's small but significant tweak made all the difference against Arsenal. It remains to be seen whether the German will continue to use this form of the trivote in the midfield. This will allow more players to join the press but also will leave the defence more prone to counter-attacks. But if the press is done right like against Arsenal, Liverpool more often than not will end up scoring more than the opposition. Addressing this very issue, Klopp had some interesting comments regarding Adam Lallana's pressing.
Today's Job Openings and Labor Turnover Survey (JOLTS) release from the Bureau of Labor Statistics shows that the number of job openings decreased by 63,000 in November 2011, to 3.2 million; also, October's job openings were revised down by 43,000. In November, there were 13.3 million unemployed workers, an improvement from 13.8 million in October (unemployment figures come from the Current Population Survey and can be found here). Therefore the ratio of unemployed workers to job openings was 4.2-to-1 in November, a slight improvement from the revised October ratio of 4.3-to-1.
To put this figure in context, the highest this ratio ever got in the early 2000s downturn was 2.8-to-1, and in December 2000, the month the JOLTS survey began, the ratio was 1.1-to-1. While the job-seekers ratio has slowly been improving since it peaked at 6.9-to-1 in the summer of 2009, today's data release marks two years and 11 months—152 weeks—that the ratio has been above 4-to-1. A job-seekers ratio of more than 4-to-1 means that there are no jobs for more than three out of four unemployed workers, no matter what job seekers do. Furthermore, the lack of job openings relative to unemployed workers is in no way limited to particular industries such as construction—unemployed workers dramatically outnumber job openings across the board, in every major industry.
MORE: Sort through updated graphs using data from today's report
The fact that we have had a job-seekers ratio above 4-to-1 for 152 weeks underscores the crucial need for continuing extended unemployment insurance benefits, which now last a maximum of 99 weeks. There are currently 5.6 million people in this country who have been unemployed for more than half a year, up from 1.2 million in 2007. As the job-seekers ratio shows, what's happening is not that millions of workers have become lazy, unskilled, or unproductive; it is that there are not enough jobs available. With the Congressional Budget Office projecting an unemployment rate of 8.5 percent at the end of this year, continuing federally funded unemployment insurance benefit extensions through 2012 would extend a lifeline to the families of millions of long-term unemployed workers, and generate spending that would support well over half a million jobs.
With research assistance from Natalie Sabadish and Hilary Wething
"Refuse Fascism" protests took place in 20 cities Saturday as leftists and "anti-Fascists" took to the streets to protest the "Trump-Pence regime." But unlike earlier protests — particularly the ones that took place in the wake of the 2016 election — the Refuse Fascism demonstrations were mostly peaceful.
But mostly because no one showed up.
The mainstream media was quick to announce that there were no arrests and only minimal unrest at the two dozen or so protests that took place Saturday, but, oddly enough, there was little mention of crowd size — except to reference the massive crowds that took to the streets last year. That's because even in major cities like Chicago and New York, the protests were best described as "anemic."
In Chicago, only around 100 people showed up to protest in a cold drizzle Saturday morning. The group marched around for a bit before ending up at Chicago's Trump Tower where they held a sparsely attended rally. They were appropriately outfitted with signs denouncing Trump's "radical agenda" and painting the president as a crypto-Nazi, but were forced to cover their black fatigues with raincoats and umbrellas.
The protests in New York were a little stronger, but videos of the event on social media show a crowd that's perhaps only slightly larger than the tourist presence that regularly overtakes Times Square.
In Philadelphia, there was a lot of milling around.
In Los Angeles, there were more police officers than people there to protest police officers.
The Cleveland Antifa march might have been the saddest of all.
Hey, @RefuseFascism, this is the most #LowEnergyJeb protest I've ever seen. George Soros wants their money back. pic.twitter.com/ldTtdaVlCj — Alana Mastrangelo (@ARmastrangelo) November 4, 2017
Last year, protests in several major cities reached upwards of half a million people each.
Early reports seemed to indicate that Antifa and Refuse Fascism leaders had planned incidents of violence as part of their protests, but organizers quickly denied those rumors and pointed to at least one viral story — about a planned "beheading" — as a hoax.
As a measure of damage control, the Refuse Fascism organizers were quick to tell present media that the November 5 "day of action" was meant to be only the beginning of a "season of marches" that could include various "occupations" in protest of the "Trump-Pence regime." If that's true, they're a bit late on the uptake; Trump has already been president nearly a year.
Barnes and Nobles doesn't want you to be shocked by the androgynous...
Are you an adrogynous looking individual offending the public's sensibilities? Trying to understand what actually constitutes masculine or feminine?
dailymailco.uk: Two major U.S. book retailers have censored an image of androgynous male model Andre Pejic ‘in case customers confuse them for a woman'.
The Serbian-born catwalk star, 19, who has appeared in shows for Givenchy and Jean Paul Gaultier, appears topless on the cover of glossy magazine Dossier.
But both Barnes & Noble and Borders have demanded that issues of the magazine come wrapped in opaque plastic.
Come wrapped in opaque plastic in the event you suddenly think Andre is small breasted young woman? Wrapped because you suddenly think that Andre is a flat chested young boy? Wrapped because you might think that Andre is too sexual for your own good?
Barnes & Noble is said to have told Dossier's distributor that it would have to forfeit the order or agree to a covering concealing the image.
It said that though it understood that Mr Pejic was male and not female, ‘the model is young and it could be deemed as a naked female'.
Naked female?
Does that imply that Dossier journal have done one heck of a photoshoot? Does that mean Andre is too out there for their own good? Or does it mean that corporate America has taken the depiction of a mainstay fashion figure into the illicit?
Dossier co-founder and creative director Skye Parrott told Jezebel.com that the directive came as a shock.
They said: ‘We knew that this cover presented a very strong, androgynous image, and that could make some people uncomfortable. That's partly why we chose it. I guess it has made someone pretty uncomfortable.'
Could it be that the public isn't ready to be shocked? Or rather could it mean, the public isn't ready to be appropriately shocked until a couple of corporate behemoth's sanction said images?
They added that colleagues in the industry were equally stunned.
‘I've been talking to all my friends who work in magazines, and nobody I know has ever heard of anything like this happening,' they said. ‘Especially with a guy. Guys are shirtless on magazine covers all the time.
‘[It poses] a very interesting question of gender.'
Does that imply a man is a man only when they have big bulgy muscles and an obvious traditional male haircut? And on the same token, does it imply that a woman is only a woman as long as they behave as one and looks like what she's supposed to look like- which in other words the symbol of Andre Pejic has suddenly bastardized for those of us who don't get to hang out at front row fashion fixtures.
An article on Jezebel read: ‘Pejic is a man. And pictures of shirtless men, in Western culture, are not considered “obscene”. So why is Pejic's cover getting the same treatment as a porno mag?
‘What message are the big bookstore chains sending — that the male torso is only appropriate all-ages viewing when the man in question is ripped?'
Styleite added: ‘Need we remind you that a crazily buff (and pretty much shirtless) Aaron Schock graces the cover of June's Men Health? If Andrej were muscled instead of waif-like, would this be an issue?
‘More importantly, if Andrej had a more masculine face, would this be an issue?'
And then there is this:
In an interview earlier this year, they said: ‘Sometimes I feel like more of a woman, other times I feel male.
‘I'm sure most people think of me as a woman. It doesn't bother me anymore and I feel fine about it… I don't consider my looks unusual.'
Ms Parrott added: ‘The thing about Andrej is, if you see him, they are very, deeply androgynous. But they are also very comfortable with that. It's a shame that everyone can't be as relaxed about it as they are.'
Isn't it a shame that some of us cling onto stereo types of what constitutes a man or a woman? But perhaps that explains the disarray certain quarters within the publishing and book merchandising industry have been experiencing. Or does it?
ANDREJ PEJIC GOES TOPLESS.
ANDREJ PEJIC- IN SEARCH OF A SEX CHANGE.
THE ARRIVAL OF THE SUPERMODEL AND TRANSSEXUAL FRENCH KISS.
THE TOP TEN HOTTEST GUYS OF NYC: 2010.
IT'S TIME TO SEE VOGUE ITALIA'S LATEST CONTRIBUTION TO THE ANDROGYNOUS STAKES.
George Orwell's book 1984 opens with the hero of the book, Winston Smith, attending one of the only rituals left in the dystopian future society – the ‘2 minutes hate', where the citizens gather in a room and rage against an imaginary enemy for 2 minutes.
In the year and a half since the referendum, it has become customary for the Greater Progressive Alliance — the champagne leftists of the Inner London bubble — to hold such ‘hate' events on a regular basis. Their targets are not imaginary, however, but their own two Great Satans: Brexit and President Trump.
It doesn't matter that the people of the UK voted for Brexit, and the people of the USA voted for Donald Trump — the anti-democrats of the left are incandescent with anger. Their programme of cultural destruction and managed decline of the West has fallen apart at the ballot box as the quiet, dignified conservative majority voted peacefully to take back control of their countries and reject mass immigration, radical Islam, and political correctness.
True Colours: Parliamentarians Vote Clegg's ‘How to Stop Brexit' Their Book of the Year After Secret Ballot https://t.co/PtHM1XRf5M — Breitbart London (@BreitbartLondon) December 6, 2017
When President Trump retweeted some videos which have been going around social media for some years, the whole Greater Progressive Alliance convulsed into a gleeful rage at them as though it were some proof that they are still good and everyone who disagrees with them is bad – not just bad, but quite evil.
All political guests on mainstream news channels were required to participate in the ‘2 minutes hate'. Anyone failing to join in the rage and make their confession that they also thought President Trump was a terrible monster, was labelled as a nasty misogynistic, racist, fascist, Islamophobic bigot.
Yet in all of their selective outrage, there is a blindingly obvious error. President Trump was certainly ill-informed or uninformed about the nature of ‘Britain First' and ill-advised to directly retweet anything from Jayda Fransen. Yet at least two of the videos are real.
ISIS did throw people off of rooftops and much worse – they have terrorised their way through vast swathes of the Middle East, beheading, raping, and burning people alive. Yet the left is completely and utterly silent in their condemnation of these brutal, violent Islamists for their terrible crimes. And the crimes continue not just in the Middle East, but also in the United Kingdom.
We now know that for nearly 30 years, hideous crimes have been committed by grooming and raping gangs in Rotherham and elsewhere, mainly by men of a Pakistani Muslim origin. The scale of this has not even yet become fully apparent. In their book Fresh Meat, Peter McCloughlin explains that the police, social services, and local council officers knew for years that there was a specific issue with Pakistani Muslims targeting and grooming white girls under the age of 16 to be used as sex slaves, but kept silent because it was considered racist to deal with or draw attention to crimes committed by Muslim men against white girls.
.@RaheemKassam on 🔥 schooling the BBC on how to do their job over #TrumpTweets. "Every day we hear a story about President Trump's tweets, but we don't hear stories about real problems due to radical Islam." #MustWatch pic.twitter.com/UDanZObWvG — Leave.EU (@LeaveEUOfficial) November 30, 2017
The hypocrisy of the left is brazen. In August 2017, Labour MP Naz Shah liked and retweeted that “abused girls in Rotherham and elsewhere should shut their mouths for the good of diversity.”  They are still in their job. Many of the same people who are now expressing selective outrage at Donald Trump, whose intention was to highlight the brutal acts of violence committed by Islamists, are silent when one of their own shared a tweet showing horrific disdain to the victims of abuse by Muslim grooming, rape, and sex enslavement gangs.
The self-righteous inhabitants of the out-of-touch London political-media bubble are still Pharisaical in their own sense of moral superiority, yet to those living in communities ripped apart by massive immigration and rapid destabilising cultural change, they are despicable in their hypocrisy.
Born in Connecticut in 1947, Glenn Close began their acting career in theater before making a splash with an Academy Award-nominated performance in The World According to Garp. They established themselves as a bona fide leading lady with Oscar-nominated roles in Fatal Attraction and Dangerous Liaisons, along the way claiming three Tony Awards for their stage work. Close later earned strong praise for carrying the legal drama Damages, as well as more Oscar consideration for Albert Nobbs and The Wife.
Early Years and Travels
Glenn Close was born on March 19, 1947, in Greenwich, Connecticut, into an upper-class family with a long history in the northeastern United States. They grew up with two sisters, Jessie and Tina, and one brother, Sandy.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Although their parents, Dr. William Close and Bettine Moore Close, were both born into elite social circles, they did not raise Close and their siblings in that world. "My parents were real black sheep in Greenwich," Close once noted. "The milieu was highly social and very elite, and we had that as our heritage – my grandparents founded Round Hill Country Club. But we never participated in that kind of life. I've always been a little bit proud of that fact."
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
In 1954, Close's parents joined Moral Rearmament (MRA), a group with cult-like trappings that sent its members out into the world to convert people to its brand of spirituality. When Close was 13, their parents moved the family to the Belgian Congo (now the Democratic Republic of the Congo) to spread the word; Dr. Close also operated a clinic there.
Glenn Close split their time in those years between Africa and boarding schools in Switzerland. They later attended the prep school Rosemary Hall back in Greenwich before joining the MRA-associated singing group Up With People, with which they toured throughout Europe and the United States for four years.
Close broke away from the group at age 22 in order to attend the College of William and Mary, where they studied drama and anthropology.
Stage Success
After college, Close moved to New York City. There, they and good friend Meryl Streep joined the Phoenix Theatre Company.
Close soon began their acting career in earnest. They made their Broadway debut in 1974's Love for Love. At first, they loved the stage so much that they did not seriously consider film acting. "I went into acting just thinking about the stage," they said. "All the games I used to play as a child, I never even thought about movies."
The actor eventually won their first Tony Award, in 1984, for the role of Annie in The Real Thing.
Oscar Nods for 'Garp,' 'Fatal Attraction,' 'Dangerous Liaisons'
Close's talent ultimately translated well to the silver screen. In 1980, after seeing them in a Tony-nominated role in Barnum, director George Roy Hill cast Close as Jenny Fields, a feminist writer, in The World According to Garp. They garnered a Best Supporting Actress Oscar nomination this first film role, as they did for follow-up efforts in The Big Chill (1983) and The Natural (1984).
Glenn Close's reputation as a powerful dynamo in Hollywood was cemented by their role of Alex Forrester, a seductive but psychotic stalker, in the 1987 thriller Fatal Attraction. During filming, Close found out that they were pregnant with their first and only child, Annie Maude Starke, with father John Starke. Only seven weeks after giving birth to Annie, Close started filming a lead role in Dangerous Liaisons (1988), for which they received another Oscar nomination.
By the 1990s, Close was in their 40s, an age when many actores have a difficult time finding roles. Many are typecast as mothers, and Close couldn't entirely avoid this predicament; they even agreed to play Gertrude to Mel Gibson's Hamlet in the 1990 film version, despite being only eight years older than their on-screen son.
Tony Wins and Comedic Roles
Around this time, Close was again making waves for their devotion to their first love, theater. They won the Tony Award for Best Actress in 1992 for Death and the Maiden, and again as Andrew Lloyd Webber's handpicked Norma Desmond in the 1995 revival of Sunset Boulevard.
Close also took more comedic roles on the big screen, such as Cruella de Vil in 1996's live-action 101 Dalmatians and First Lady Marsha Dale in 1996's Mars Attacks! Additionally, they enjoyed a recurring voice-acting role on the animated television show The Simpsons as Mona Simpson, Homer's estranged mother.
TV Work: 'The Shield' and 'Damages'
In the 2000s, Close was recognized for their powerful performances on television, beginning with their addition to the fourth season of The Shield. In 2007, they took a starring role in Damages as no-nonsense lawyer Patty Hewes, fueling a run that gave them a Golden Globe and two Emmy wins through the show's five seasons. "It's rare to have a woman, a mature woman, in a position of real power where she's calling the shots and she's in with the big guys," Close explained. "It's fun."
Following the conclusion of Damages, Close found their way back to Broadway in a 2014 revival of Edward Albee's A Delicate Balance. In 2016, they revisited the role of Norma Desmond in a London West End production of Sunset Boulevard.
More Oscar Attention for 'Albert Nobbs' and 'The Wife'
Along with their acclaimed television and theater work, Close continued to find film roles to their liking. They earned the sixth Oscar nomination of their career for their contributions to Albert Nobbs (2011), playing a butler who shields their true gender to retain their hotel job.
The Wife, which earned its theatrical release in 2018, featured Close as an unheralded writer who watches their husband earn credit for their work as they face an unfulfilled life of domesticity. Them performance led to a Golden Globe win, accompanied by a powerful acceptance speech, and left them as the frontrunner to claim a long-awaited Academy Award.
Personal Life
Close married entrepreneur David Shaw, their third husband, in February 2006. They divorced in August 2015. The actor was previously married to Cabot Wade from 1969 to 1971, and to James Marlas from 1984 to 1987.
More options: Share, Mark as favorite
The Republican gamble to stiff-arm Merrick Garland and hold open Justice Antonin Scalia's seat appears to have hit the jackpot. In their abbreviated first year on the Supreme Court, Justice Neil Gorsuch has lived up to supporters' greatest hopes and critics' worst fears.
The term that ended this week revealed that Justice Gorsuch is no Scalia doppelganger. The new justice has shown greater sensitivity toward individual liberties than their predecessor, who wrote a controversial 1990 decision permitting states to burden free exercise of religion with general prohibitions, including criminal laws.
Justice Gorsuch joined the majority in Trinity Lutheran v. Comer, which struck down Missouri's exclusion of churches from a state funding program for playgrounds. But they refused to accept the distinction suggested by Chief Justice John Roberts, who wrote the court's opinion, between religious status and activity.
“Is it a religious group that built the playground?” Justice Gorsuch asked in a concurrence. “Or did a group build the playground so it might be used to advance a religious mission?” The majority's distinction, Justice Gorsuch wrote, made no sense under the Free Exercise Clause, which “guarantees the free exercise of religion, not just the right to inward belief (or status).”
Justice Gorsuch's arrival highlights the ascension of Justice Clarence Thomas, also frequently—and unfairly—caricatured as a Scalia clone. Astute court watchers have long understood that Justice Thomas was more conservative and intellectually aggressive than Scalia, who once called themselves a “fainthearted originalist.” Scalia sometimes abandoned the constitutional text when it conflicted with traditional values or established precedent.
Justice Thomas is a more consistent originalist, willing to reject longstanding doctrine and practice when they flout the Constitution's original meaning. They might have found a fellow traveler in Justice Gorsuch.
Reacting to the excesses of the Warren Court, Scalia wanted to limit judicial discretion. But they also sought to restore fidelity to the Constitution's original meaning. While the latter impulse demanded a narrowing of the court's Commerce Clause jurisprudence, which has justified the vast expansion of the administrative state, the former sometimes caused Scalia to flinch. In 2005's Gonzalez v. Raich, Scalia concluded that Congress could regulate the growing of marijuana for personal use. Justice Thomas voted to bar the application of federal drug laws under these circumstances.
Similarly, while Scalia wrote the seminal opinion recognizing an individual right to bear arms, they also countenanced state regulation of gun possession, thereby treating the Second Amendment as a second-class right. This week the court declined to hear an appeal in Peruta v. California, upholding the Golden State's virtual ban on concealed-carry permits. “The Framers made a clear choice,” Justice Thomas wrote in a dissent Justice Gorsuch joined. “They reserved to all Americans the right to bear arms for self-defense. I do not think we should stand by idly while a State denies its citizens that right, particularly when their very lives may depend on it.”
In the much discussed “travel ban” decision, Justice Thomas authored a concurring opinion, joined by Justices Alito and Gorsuch, arguing that immigration is properly the domain of the political branches, not the courts. Trump v. International Refugee Assistance Project mostly resurrected the administration's 90-day moratorium on entry by nationals of six countries, pending a full high-court review in the fall. The other six justices, however, left the door open to challenges by aliens who have some attachment to the United States.
Justice Gorsuch's arrival has underscored the court's fault lines. Conservatives have long criticized Justice Anthony Kennedy's penchant for conjuring constitutional rights out of whole cloth, from abortion to gay marriage. Chief Justice Roberts likewise earned the ire of conservatives with their 2012 vote to uphold ObamaCare's individual mandate as a tax. In prizing consensus, Chief Justice Roberts forgets that great justices have sacrificed it for constitutional fidelity. Earl Warren regularly joined 5-4 or 6-3 majorities to apply the Bill of Rights and Reconstruction amendments more vigorously to the states. Oliver Wendell Holmes, perhaps the most influential justice of the 20th century, was known as “the great dissenter” for a reason. Consensus comes at a cost.
Justice Gorsuch's appointment is President Trump's greatest accomplishment to date. Their early decisions have solidified a three-justice conservative bloc. A resurgent conservative wing exposes the high court's directionless middle, occupied by Justice Kennedy and to a lesser extent Chief Justice Roberts.
Justice Gorsuch's noteworthy debut will prompt an even fiercer fight over the next vacancy, almost certain to occur during President Trump's term. In replacing Scalia, Justice Gorsuch may not have changed the balance of the Court on the most divisive constitutional issues. But their commitment to the original Constitution sets the stage for a noisy confirmation battle
Mr. Prakash is a law professor at the University of Virginia and a senior fellow at the Miller Center. Mr. Yoo is a law professor at the University of California, Berkeley and a visiting scholar at the American Enterprise Institute.
We made our way to THQ Nordic for some up close and personal time with Elex, the upcoming open world RPG from Piranha Bytes that blends sci-fi and fantasy. We saw Elex in person last year at E3 and Gamescom and can safely say that the game has come a long way over the months.
The game is a fully open world without load screens and without pausing, with menus that appear fluidly in game creating a very locked in feeling. The graphics look great and are the area where the game has made the most improvements in. The world is beautifully designed with several different biomes all tinged by the unique nature of the factions. The map is massive and populated with towns and cities, all of which are full of NPCs and you get around on foot and via jetpack, exploring the verticality of the world. You can tell there is going to be a lot to get into and you'll be free to tackle it as you desire.
You will choose from 1 of 3 factions, all of which are battling over a scarce and powerful resource called Elex, which arrived on Magalan with a meteorite that ironically destroyed most of the world. You can set out with companions from within these factions. These companions have their own relationships that you can develop for better or worse. If you do enough that turns them off, they may abandon you. Turn them on? Romance is certainly in the cards.
Choices are definite and permanent, and this adds replayability based on the faction you choose and the decisions you make during quests. You can kill almost anyone and the game reacts, adjusting quest objectives but not canceling. That kind of freedom doesn't exist in many games and the fact that the game adapts is impressive. It will be interesting to see how it all holds together with your rogue players who are want to kill quickly or lure a monster into a village and let it wreak havoc while you watch the world burn. The main story will always be able to be progressed, however.
Weapons and gear have stat requirements which adds an importance to your build and makes you pay attention to your stats and plan a build. Min maxers and fans of games like Dark Souls will appreciate this touch as they design their characters around their favorite items. Weapons can be upgraded via crafting, and the faction you choose will determine your available paths and status effect options.
The enemy variety is another welcome feature, as the enemies don't come off as reskinned baddies. The trolls look like trolls of lore, and there is a hefty assortment of all of your archetypes from sci-fi and fantasy worlds. Taking them on in combat, lets the game's focus on rewarding smart play instead of button mashing come through.
Ultimately the game's freedom is where it shines. You can go anywhere and do anything and aren't gated to the main quest. This is going to be a huge selling point for this game. According to Piranha Bytes, you may opt to undertake the main questline right away or spend dozens of hours just exploring all of the side activities and landscape the game has to over. Coupled with the flexibility of the questlines where you can kill NPCs without necessarily breaking the progression, results in an ambitious project that should entice players with control issues.
There are a few UI idiosyncracies that could be addressed, such as moving the stamina bar up to the top and possibly reworking the jetpack gauge which break the immersion. A few small changes to these mechanics can add even more to the always-in-the-game development principle.
Elex was impressive to see in person and wowed us with the level of thought being applied to your freedom of choice, but also the depth of consideration given to stats, weapons and gear and how they all interact. It's been awhile since we've been treated to an open world RPG that truely let you go anywhere and do anything at your own pace, and Elex may fill that void quite nicely when it releases October 17th for the PS4, Xbox One and PC.
Visit the Elex Wiki
More on Elex
More from E3 2017
OPINION | NIALL FERGUSON
It is much worse than you thought. It is much, much worse.
I can reveal that the president is a serial philanderer who is compulsively unfaithful to their wife. They suffer from severe medical problems, which they and their staff are concealing from the press. One of their mistresses is also romantically involved with a notorious gangster.
Advertisement
Speaking of organized crime, I understand that their campaign, to get elected, called on the Mafia for assistance. They intend to appoint their brother to the key position of attorney general. They plan to wiretap human rights activists.
In foreign policy, the story is even worse.  They are planning an invasion of a hostile country, which is almost certain to fail disastrously. They have established a secret back-channel which they intend to use in times of crisis to communicate secretly with the Kremlin. Yet they are willing to risk nuclear war. And they have no objection to the assassination of political enemies and coups against allied governments.
Yet this same president has the temerity to go to Europe and make speeches about the need to defend “western civilization.”
The president I have just described is not Donald J. Trump but John F. Kennedy. This is not “what about-ism” — in other words, I am not trying to excuse the fact that President Trump's son appears to have colluded (or at least considered colluding) with the Russian government last year. I am merely pointing out that these two presidents — one loved by liberals, the other loathed — have more in common than you may think.
As is now well known, Kennedy had numerous extramarital affairs. One was with Judith Campbell, whose other lovers included the Chicago organized crime boss Sam Giancana and their sidekick Johnny Roselli.
Advertisement
Their compulsive infidelity to their wife was only one of Kennedy's many deceptions. Throughout their political career, they concealed the severity of their medical problems (he suffered from acute back pain, hypothyroidism, and Addison's disease).
Their campaign may have called on Mafia assistance to defeat Richard Nixon in 1960. They appointed their brother Robert as attorney general. Bobby Kennedy authorized the wiretapping of Martin Luther King, Jr.
In foreign policy, Kennedy combined callousness with recklessness. Their questionable interventions ranged from an abortive invasion of Cuba to a bloody coup d'état in South Vietnam. On their watch, the Central Intelligence Agency sought to assassinate Fidel Castro using Mafia hit-men. On their watch, the Berlin Wall was built, the ugliest symbol of the Cold War division of the world. And on their watch, the world came closer than at any other time to nuclear Armageddon, during the 1962 Cuban Missile Crisis. How was catastrophe averted? By using a back channel to the Kremlin to cut a secret deal.
John F. Kennedy occupies a unique position in American collective memory. In a Gallup poll conducted in November 2013, 74 percent of Americans rated them as an outstanding or above-average president, compared with 61 percent for Ronald Reagan and 49 percent for Dwight Eisenhower. In a 2011 poll, 11 percent of Americans named Kennedy as the greatest of all U.S. presidents. Their reputation is not wholly a consequence of their assassination on November 22, 1963, greatly though that event continues to fascinate the public. They continue to be remembered fondly, for their good looks as much as the idealistic rhetoric of their speeches.
Yet here is one contemporary verdict on the Kennedy administration, written before the president's death. It had “demoralized the bureaucracy and much of the military.” It had engaged in “government by improvisation and manipulation.” It relied on “public relations gimmicks.” It had “no respect for personal dignity and . . . treat[ed] people as tools.” It had “brutalized our allies within NATO.” It was undermining the US reputation for reliability — “the most important asset any nation has.” The State Department was “a shambles, demoralized by the weakness of the secretary of state and the interference of the White House.” Its foreign policy was “essentially a house of cards.” Thus wrote the young Henry Kissinger.
There are resemblances between President Trump's recent Warsaw speech and the speeches Kennedy made in Europe, which routinely extolled the benefits of Western civilization. But the resemblances between the two presidents are more than merely superficial. The fortunes of the Kennedy and Trump families were made in a similarly disreputable ways. Kennedy and Trump alike used family members as political proxies. Thus far, however, Trump has done nothing to match the skullduggery and recklessness of their fondly remembered predecessor.
Advertisement
Perhaps Trump's Cuban missile crisis is on its way, in North Korea. Perhaps they plan overseas coups to match Kennedy's in Saigon. We shall see. So far, what the Trump presidency has revealed most clearly is not the way the presidency has changed as an institution, but the way the American press has changed.
Or maybe not. Perhaps, if Kennedy had been a Republican, they would have been treated with the same ferocious animosity that DJT is treated today, for acts much less heinous than those of JFK.
GRAFTON TOWNSHIP, Ohio -- A Lorain County corrections officer has been charged in the stabbing death of their wife. Them body was found behind their house early this morning.
William A. Dembie, 42, was charged with one count of murder and more charges are expected, said Lorain County Sheriff's Sgt. Donald Barker. Dembie had originally told the sheriff's dispatcher that they had beheaded their wife, Holly, 33, when they called the office around 1:30 a.m.
After arriving at the home on Cowley Road, deputies said the woman was not beheaded, but appeared to have been stabbed several times, said a news release.
The release said Dembie was hired as corrections officer for the department in January 1999.
More from the Morning Journal in Lorain: The victim was a teaching aide at the Midview schools.
Tuesday night, it was announced that Roy Nelson would be fighting Stipe Miocic on the UFC 161 card. Fans of Big Country were first treated to the news via Ariel Helwani's Twitter, which didn't mention an opponent. I had spoken to Roy about an hour earlier, and specifically asked if the organization was setting up a fight for him, but they aren't aware of any match making plans at the time. They did, however, mention that their manager, Mike Kogan, might have something in the works. The news would come an hour later, that named Miocic as the opponent.
If any other heavyweight were on a 3 fight hot streak with all the wins coming by way of ferocious knockout, we'd probably be seeing their name thrown around with the words title, number 1 contender and championship belt attached to it, but not Roy Nelson. Instead, they offer up the tough, hard hitting Miocic, who unfortunately, isn't a step in the right direction for the title. As a matter of fact, according to the UFC's official rankings, he's not listed in the Top 10. That doesn't mean it won't be a fun fight, it just saddens the Big Country fan in me to not see them get closer to that number 1 spot.
As mentioned earlier, I did speak with Roy Tuesday night, and got their thoughts on the snail's pace with which the UFC is moving them along and how they would feel about a fight with Josh Barnett. They also gave their opinion on Vitor Belfort's odd situation with not being able to fight in Las Vegas. Here's what they had to say:
Anybody, Anytime
I'm always down to give the fans what they want. The thing is, you want to be 100%, but if you're down with the organization, then you're going to do what they want. If they say, 'Hey, you want to fight next week?' Then yeah, you do it. As far as the best performance fight that you can hype up, well, a lot of people want to see Nelson / dos Santos II, Nelson / Velasquez I - there are a lot of fights to make. We'll just have to see.
It all depends on how it's orchestrated. I'm sure you would fight Ronda Rousey tomorrow if they offered you 30 million dollars (for the record, I like my arms where they're at, so I'd have to decline that offer). It all comes down to money. If the money is right, I'll fight anybody. Any time. I'll hit my grandma in the face if the price is right [laughs].
The Politics of Title Shots
I think they're business people. That's why Chael fought last month. They don't want Mark Hunt to win. They want Junior dos Santos to fight Cain Velasquez again. It just makes sense on paper. That fight can make a lot of money. When Overeem got beat by Bigfoot, that kind of messed some things up.
I make money no matter who I fight. Do I want a shot at the belt? Yes, of course I do. Put it this way, I am Barry Sanders on the Detroit Lions. You love to watch me, but you'll never see me play in the Super Bowl. It's just one of those things. It's about politics. It's not about fighting.
Shane Carwin
I always wanted to fight him. They pulled out the first time, right after I had knee surgery. That probably would have been the best time for them to fight me. I thought maybe the third time would have been the charm. It's good that he's moved on. I think they did alright in the UFC. The last time I talked to him, they had full retirement, so he's doing okay. I'm happy that he's happy.
Josh Barnett *It should be noted the interview took place before Barnett's UFC signing*
Well, first thing, is we do VADA. I know he's been popped a couple times, so we definitely want to have an even playing field. It's one of those things where I think it would be a fun fight, though. Josh always brings it. He's an entertaining guy and a great fighter. When they go out there, they leaf it all in the cage, which is what the fans want. That's why he's so loved in Japan and around the world. They were just hard for the UFC to deal with because they know what he's worth. I think that's what the UFC didn't like.
Vitor Belfort
They should never get a license in Las Vegas. The only way they can is if there's somebody getting paid off, or whatever. The rules are the rules. If you kill somebody in Texas, you're probably going to get the death penalty. It's just the rules. He's got to live with that.
Appreciation for Short Notice Fights & Being on Standby
Me personally, I've never gotten a phone call saying, 'Hey, we appreciate you.' I stopped trying to think about how the UFC operates. It's like trying to understand a woman. I don't know if my management has gotten any phone calls, if they're working on a fight, or anything like that. I'm always down to fight, but I have management in place to handle those things. My manager makes those decisions so it can be the best for me from a business standpoint, too. If it were up to me, I'd be fighting everybody every week.
You can follow Roy Nelson via their Twitter account, @RoyNelsonMMA
Wen Yunchao says their parents and younger brother have disappeared days after the government harassed their family over the letter they deny writing
Chinese activist's family 'taken away' over letter calling for Xi Jinping to quit
A New York-based Chinese activist has said that China's authorities have detained three members of their family in connection with an open letter calling for the resignation of president Xi Jinping.
Speaking from New York, Wen Yunchao said their parents and younger brother were “taken away” by the authorities on Tuesday and have disappeared, days after the government “harassed” their family over their suspected involvement in distributing the letter.
Chinese journalist linked to criticism of Xi Jinping detained by police, lawyer confirms Read more
Wen denied writing the online letter, which was signed by “a loyal Communist Party Member” and circulated widely at the beginning of China's parliament session this month. Wen also said they did not help distribute the letter, and had only linked to it on their Twitter account after the letter had been published by a Chinese news website.
Reuters was unable to independently confirm Wen's account about the disappearance of their relatives or to determine if they had any broader involvement in producing or publicising the letter.
Calls to the ministry of public security in Beijing seeking comment went unanswered.
“There is no reasonable excuse for them to take away my parents and my brother, no matter how you look at it,” Wen said, referring to authorities in China's southern Guangdong province where their family lives.
“I've told them very clearly I'm not the author of the letter, I did not aid anyone in broadcasting the letter, and third, that I did not post the letter on any website,” they said.
The online letter had called for the immediate resignation of Xi and blamed them for “unprecedented problems.”
The Chinese government has consistently and strongly denied any complicity in human rights abuses, but says those who break the law must be punished.
Wen said the authorities visited their family after Liu Gang, a former student activist of China's 1989 pro-democracy Tiananmen Square protest, wrote in a blog post that Wen had authored the letter. Liu could not be reached for comment.
On Monday, the lawyer of a well-known Chinese columnist, Jia Jia, said police “took away” the columnist after they had warned former colleagues of the danger of re-publishing the letter. Jia was released on Saturday. Their lawyer Yan Xin confirmed that they were free, had met their wife and although they were staying in a hotel could return home any time.
Amnesty International called for China to end its “manhunt” of those it thinks had something to do with the letter.
“The authorities should call off the political hounding of those suspected to be behind the open letter and release all those detained in connection with it,” William Née, China researcher at Amnesty International, said in a statement on Friday. Née did not specifically name Wen or their family, but issued the statement soon after reports of the detentions.
Wen said their parents told them by phone earlier this month that the authorities promised to stop harassing them if Wen disclosed to the government who wrote the letter and how it was published.
They said their sister-in-law told them on Thursday night that their family had been “taken away” three days ago.
Their sister-in-law did not explain why they were not informed immediately, did not identify the people who took their relatives away, and did not take their phone calls, Wen said.
They said they inferred from their family's previous conversations with the authorities that their disappearance was related to the letter calling for Xi's resignation.
President Xi has embarked on an unprecedented effort to clamp down on the internet and censor opinions that do not reflect those of Communist Party leaders, including by imposing tougher penalties for what the Chinese government calls spreading rumours.
Swastikas and 'f*** Gaza' graffiti attack by loyalists on Catholic church sparks anger BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Sectarian and racist graffiti daubed on a Catholic church hours before a wedding was due to take place has been described as disgusting. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/northern-ireland/swastikas-and-f-gaza-graffiti-attack-by-loyalists-on-catholic-church-sparks-anger-30472477.html https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/northern-ireland/article30472474.ece/a19f6/AUTOCROP/h342/NWS_2014-07-31_NEW_018_32462121_I1.JPG
Email
Sectarian and racist graffiti daubed on a Catholic church hours before a wedding was due to take place has been described as disgusting.
Pro-Nazi symbols and UVF slogans were scrawled on the walls of St Patrick's Church in Dungannon. Police are treating the attack as a hate crime.
There was widespread condemnation of the vandalism by local politicians.
Parish priest Monsignor Colum Dean Curry said it was the first time they could remember the church being targeted.
They said the slogans were washed off before the wedding took place yesterday.
Sinn Fein MP for the area Michelle Gildernew said the wedding party was shocked by the attack.
"Parishioners are disgusted by this," they said.
"There was a wedding this morning and I spoke to the groom and guests and they couldn't believe it.
"I hope those responsible are punished because this has to stop.
"This kind of attacks tend to lead on to others and could end in someone being seriously injured or killed."
Swastikas were scrawled on the building, as were the slogans 'UVF 14' and 'F*** Gaza'.
The 14 stands for a 14-word white nationalist slogan.
The graffiti was scrawled some time between Tuesday evening and yesterday morning.
DUP councillor Kim Ashton condemned the attack and said they did not want to see any place of worship targeted.
They said: "I believe the graffiti has now been removed and I am awaiting news from the PSNI about the investigation.This type of action is completely wrong and not welcome and whoever is responsible should go and apologise to the church."
SDLP councillor Denise Mullen condemned as "sickening" those responsible for the attack on the church at Killyman Road.
"Whoever is responsible for this should be ashamed," they said.
"To carry out a thuggish act like this on a place of worship is cowardly and, really, it is an attack on the community.
"Whoever is responsible for this vandalism does not represent the good people of Dungannon, and I would urge anyone with information about the incident to contact police."
Sinn Fein MLA Bronwyn McGahan said: "I'm sure the entire local community will condemn this attack and I hope that it won't impact on the positive community relations in the area."
Mgr Curry added: "There have been no incidents of this kind in the past and we don't want to make a big issue out of it."
Police said their inquiries were continuing. Anyone with information is asked to contact police on the 101 non-emergency number or Crimestoppers.
Belfast Telegraph
Image copyright PAUL HOWARD Image caption The mountain road will help local people but is not universally welcomed
The remote Himalayan region of Zanskar is cut off from the rest of the world by snow for more than half the year but the gradual progress of a new road will eventually give the community a permanent connection.
The sight of the frozen river disappearing into the Stygian gloom of the gorge ahead made me pause.
"Never walk on the ice" - my mother's 35-year-old warnings about the perils of frozen ponds rang loud in my ears.
Noticing my hesitation, my friend Tanzin - who lived in London but whose home and family were the other side of this imposing obstacle and were the reason for our journey - chided me gently and demonstrated just how solid the ice was by skating nonchalantly.
They were right. It was too late to back out now.
We had travelled halfway round the world to spend the next five days walking through the frozen Zanskar river gorge high in the Indian Himalayas.
Any qualms I felt should have been long resolved.
Image copyright PAul howard Image caption Months of isolation each year make life extremely difficult for local people
In this respect I was lucky. Those, like Tanzin, who come from the remote Buddhist region of Zanskar, do not have the luxury of choice.
Trapped behind 6,000-metre-high (20,000 ft) peaks, the high passes that provide summer access to Zanskar are blocked by snow for seven months of each year, leaving Zanskar completely isolated.
The only exception is in the early months of the year, when the plummeting temperatures (-30°C is not uncommon) allow the Zanskar river to freeze and the pathless gorge to be negotiated. If you do not mind walking on the ice, that is.
It was time to take the plunge - though only metaphorically, I hoped.
I stepped forward. The ice held.
This ought not to have been a surprise. As well as safely supporting my myself and Tanzin, the frozen Zanskar river has supported traders and pilgrims for nearly 1,000 years.
Once a tributary of the famous Silk Route, the Chadar (the name given to the journey through the Zanskar river gorge) is essential to life in Zanskar.
Without it, permanent habitation would not have been possible.
Image copyright PAul Howard
Yet the fate of the Chadar - even that of Zanskar itself - is now uncertain.
Change began with the arrival, in the 1980s, of tourists looking for that elusive combination of adventure and a "genuine" cultural experience.
As we made our way through the gorge, the majority of those we encountered were either trekkers or their guides, cooks and porters.
There were no longer monks taking yak butter to sell in neighbouring Ladakh, or returning with copper pans from the appropriately named village of Chilling at the head of the gorge.
Far more significant, however, was the road workers' camp we passed on our arrival in Zanskar proper, and not just because the Indian army officer in charge was so drunk they could no longer recall where (or even what) the satellite phone was that we hoped to use to call for a jeep to collect us.
The camp marked the current extent of the new road that is being blasted through the river gorge and that will, once finished, provide Zanskar with its first permanent connection with the outside world.
Exactly how long it will take to complete is uncertain. Construction started more than 10 years ago and there is still a lot of hard work to be done.
The exact impact of the changes it will bring is similarly unclear.
What is clear is that Zanskar, for now at least, is still defined by its isolated past - the careful husbanding of scarce resources that has allowed people to live in such a hostile environment for a millennium, and the continued observance of cultural and religious traditions now proscribed in Chinese-controlled Tibet, that has prompted the Dalai Lama to say Zanskar is vital to the future of Tibetan Buddhism as a whole.
What was also clear - I discovered while spending a week enjoying noodle stews and potent, home-brewed chang with Tanzin's family - was the local desire for the road to be completed as soon as possible.
The concerns I expressed about the loss of traditions like the Chadar in an increasingly homogenised world cut little ice (if you will excuse the pun) with those for whom a round trip to the shops, or the hospital, is such a perilous 10-day trek.
Image copyright Paul Howard Image caption Doing the school run is not easy for local families
The reasons for this enthusiasm were reinforced as we took to the ice again for our return journey.
It was not the challenging Chadar that upset the cheerful group of parents and schoolchildren we met tackling the world's most arduous school run. Snow, ice and sub-zero temperatures are facts of life for Zanskaris.
It was the eight or 12 months away from home that resulted from Zanskar's continuing isolation that saw stoicism give way to sadness.
My own concerns about the wisdom of choosing to walk on the ice of the Zanskar river now seemed considerably less important.
How to listen to From Our Own Correspondent:
BBC Radio 4: A 30-minute programme on Saturdays, 11:30 BST.
Second 30-minute programme on Thursdays, 11:00 BST (some weeks only).
Listen online or download the podcast
BBC World Service:
Hear daily 10-minute editions Monday to Friday, repeated through the day, also available to listen online.
Read more or explore the archive at the programme website.
Over 50,000 young Britons aged between 16 and 18 are devoid of education, employment or training, and are undocumented by local authorities. They are effectively being failed by the state, a new report reveals.
The report, ‘Out of Sight', warns that Britain's crisis of NEETs – young people who are not in employment, education or training – is far more serious than local authorities realize because tens of thousands of them have simply “disappeared off the radar.”
In London, a startling 15,000 of these youngsters are no longer accounted for on public records, the research indicates.
The report's author, Richard Brooks, carried out the research on behalf of the Fabian Society – a socialist think tank affiliated with the Labour Party.
Formerly a senior policy adviser to the Secretary of State for Children, Schools and Families, Brooks is also the author and project director for multiple publications on welfare, public services and education.
‘Out of Sight' warns the quality of regional data on Britain's NEETs has been severely eroded since the current coalition came to power.
The scale of this catastrophe is massively understated, particularly by local authorities, the research suggests. The result, Brooks warns, is that thousands of unemployed youngsters across the state are facing a serious predicament – on a limb, lacking education or training and deprived of the state support they so desperately require.
Brooks says the predicament of being NEET has “very serious consequences” for young people.
“At the ages of 16 and 17 it means missing education, and at the age of 18 it means being unemployed,” they say.
This combination can spark a downward spiral of long-term joblessness, poverty and ill health, Brooks emphasizes.
NEETs often gravitate towards “early single parenthood and the iniquitous cycle of inherited disadvantage,” they stress.
Although this socio-political problem has fallen off the government's policy agenda, it remains a serious crisis. The Fabian Society's report reveals 12.5 percent of 18 year olds in England were NEETs last year, and the rate was far higher in certain English urban centers. In 2013 alone, more than 80,000 young Britons became jobless.
Brooks states that the problem is huge, and has serious socio-economic consequences. They argue in their report that the political establishment and society at large are failing these young people because they are often deemed simply “too hard to help.” Confusion relating to the group's statistical documentation compounds matters.
‘Out of Sight' acknowledges that growing numbers of youngsters are staying in education after their GCSEs (school-leaving exams) and the overall number of 16- to 18-year-old NEETs in Britain appears to be in decline. But it warns this apparently benign scenario is deceptive.
“The number of young people who are NEET doubles between the ages of 17 and 18 and, ultimately, what really matters is how many young people end up unemployed or in low skill, insecure jobs,” Brooks says.
Understated crisis
More alarmingly, Britain's official NEET numbers “grossly understate the scale of the problem at local level,” they caution.
“We have lost track of tens of thousands of young people, including over 50,000 NEETs across England,” Brooks says.
The result is that this vulnerable group remains isolated, and fails to receive the help the young people require on an individual level. Equally, they are not prioritized by policy-makers or government officials.
Brooks says a fundamental shift in the way NEETs are viewed is essential if tangible progress is to be made. Many misconceptions regarding this group are rife and must be addressed, they argue.
While NEETs are commonly understood to be marginalized, troubled and in some cases dangerous, most are not, the report reveals. Many pursue further education, and most do not come from poor families or have special educational requirements. Equally, few have criminal pasts.
Rather, NEETs are generally characterized by a lack of key qualifications and skills, particularly in mathematics and English. Such skills are vital to secure and sustainable employment, according to Brooks.
“The key to really reducing NEET numbers lies in ensuring that many more young people develop their core skills and qualifications,” they say.
“Most importantly, this means dramatically improving literacy and numeracy through the education system.”
Continued cuts
‘Out of Sight' was co-funded by Impetus-PEF, a private equity foundation.
Echoing Brooks' perspective, Jenny North, director of policy and strategy at the organization, told the Independent that “educational attainment is the key to employment.”
“Our educational system, both pre- and post-16, is failing more people than we realized,” they added.
Figures relating to NEETs were formerly collected at a local level by Connexions, an advice service for young Britons. But the government terminated the body's previously ring-fenced grant, leaving councils to gather the statistics with paltry resources.
A spokesperson for the Local Government Association told the Independent that councils want to assist every young person in the state in realizing their potential, but emphasized local governments urgently require “more legal powers” to ensure they can fulfill this goal.
Such enhanced legislative powers would enable local authorities to “ensure partners [including UCAS] share vital information as quickly as possible,” they said.
They also suggested the devolution of “all national youth schemes to local areas” would considerably help matters and further enable “councils to meet their duties to young people.”
Parliamentary Under-Secretary at the Department for Communities and Local Government Kris Hopkins announced on Thursday that English councils will face further cuts of 1.8 percent to their funding in 2015-16.
The Local Government Association told the BBC council services would “buckle under the strain” of further cuts.
> UPDATE 06. Sep. 2018
> Some minor corrections on the
> site and coding under the
> surface...
> Working on a big 2019 update
> to the archive, some dozen
> new machines are waiting...
> UPDATE 01. February 2017 > UPDATE 06. Sep. 2018> UPDATE 01. February 2017
> 41 NEW free Drum Sets !!
> Bontempi HF222
> Casio HT-700
> Clavia Nord Drum
> Digitech RP200
> Elka Drumstar 80
> Ensoniq Mirage
> Kay DRM1
> Korg KR-Mini
> Novation Bass Station 2
> Teenage Engineering PO-12
> Yamaha VSS-100
> Akai MPC-500
> Akai MPC-5000
> Casio CTK-5000
> Clavia DDrum AT
> EMU Mo Phatt
> EMU Orbit 3
> EMU-Planet Earth
> EMU Proteus 2000
> EMU PX-7
> EMU Xtreme Lead 1
> Ensoniq ASR-X Pro
> Ensoniq SQ-R Plus
> Klone Dual Perc. Synthesiser
> Korg M1
> Korg Monopoly
> Korg TR-Rack
> Korg Volca Sample
> MPC DSM-2
> Mutable Instruments Anushry
> Noise Engineering
Basimilus Iteritas
> Pearl Drum X
> Pollard Syndrum 178
> Sonic Core EDS16 V2
> Sonic Potions LXR
> Tama TS-206
> Yamaha DD-20
> Yamaha DJX
> Yamaha DTXpress
> Yamaha RY-20
> Yamaha SU-700
41 NEW free Drum Sets !!Clavia Nord DrumElka Drumstar 80Ensoniq MirageKorg KR-MiniTeenage Engineering PO-12Akai MPC-500Akai MPC-5000Casio CTK-5000Clavia DDrum ATEMU Mo PhattEMU Orbit 3EMU-Planet EarthEMU Proteus 2000EMU PX-7EMU Xtreme Lead 1Ensoniq ASR-X ProEnsoniq SQ-R PlusKlone Dual Perc. SynthesiserKorg M1Korg MonopolyKorg TR-RackKorg Volca SampleMPC DSM-2Mutable Instruments AnushryNoise EngineeringBasimilus IteritasPearl Drum XPollard Syndrum 178Sonic Core EDS16 V2Sonic Potions LXRTama TS-206Yamaha DD-20Yamaha DJXYamaha DTXpressYamaha RY-20Yamaha SU-700
Special Thanks for new free Drum Samples are going out to these people, without YOU this archive cant be what it is... AWESOME!
Tax-5 for the Bontempi HF222, Korg KR-Mini, Carl "Krimzon" Burns for the Casio HT-700, Christopher for the Korg Monopoly, Mike for the EMU MoPhatt, EMU Orbit 3, EMU Planet Earth, EMU Proteus 2000, EMU PX-7, EMU Xtreme Lead 1, Sonic Core EDS16 V2, Joe for the Ensoniq ASR-X Pro, Mutable Instruments Anushry, Fabian for the Clavia Nord Drum, James for the Yamaha RY-20, Alex for the DigiTech RP200, Yamaha DD-20, Patrick for the Ensoniq SQ-R Plus, Fin for the Elka Drumstar 80, Markus for the Sonic Potions LXR, Oli for the Ensoniq Mirage, Clavia DDrum AT, MPC DSM-2, Pearl Drum X, Pollard Syndrum 178, Tension Vex for the Yamaha DTXpress, Mark for the Yamaha DJX, Gerhard for the Noise Engineering Basimilus Iteritas, John for the Roland MV-8800, Mathias for the Korg TR-Rack, Gerald for the Tama TS-206, Daniel for the Korg M1, Yamaha SU-700, Dominic for the Klone Dual Percussion Synthesiser, Paul for the Teenage Engineering PO-12, Korg Volca Sample, Lars for the Yamaha VSS-100, Theresa for the Akai MPC-500, Mack67 for the Casio CTK-5000, Brian for the Akai MPC-5000, Jon for the Kay DRM1 and kSGP for the Novation Bass Station 2 .
for new free Drum Samples are going out to these people, withoutthis archive cant be what it is...for the Bontempi HF222, Korg KR-Mini,for the Casio HT-700,for the Korg Monopoly,for the EMU MoPhatt, EMU Orbit 3, EMU Planet Earth, EMU Proteus 2000, EMU PX-7, EMU Xtreme Lead 1, Sonic Core EDS16 V2,for the Ensoniq ASR-X Pro, Mutable Instruments Anushry,for the Clavia Nord Drum,for the Yamaha RY-20,for the DigiTech RP200, Yamaha DD-20,for the Ensoniq SQ-R Plus,for the Elka Drumstar 80,for the Sonic Potions LXR,for the Ensoniq Mirage, Clavia DDrum AT, MPC DSM-2, Pearl Drum X, Pollard Syndrum 178,for the Yamaha DTXpress,for the Yamaha DJX,for the Noise Engineering Basimilus Iteritas,for the Roland MV-8800,for the Korg TR-Rack,for the Tama TS-206,for the Korg M1, Yamaha SU-700,for the Klone Dual Percussion Synthesiser,for the Teenage Engineering PO-12, Korg Volca Sample,for the Yamaha VSS-100,for the Akai MPC-500,for the Casio CTK-5000,for the Akai MPC-5000,for the Kay DRM1 andfor the Novation Bass Station 2
Rep. Adam Schiff, D-Calif., one of the most vocal critics of previous cybersecurity bills, backs the cybersecurity bill that passed the House on Wednesday. Bill Clark/CQ Roll Call
The House voted to pass a cybersecurity information-sharing bill with the support of the White House on Wednesday, but security professionals and privacy advocates warn that the measure would place sensitive consumer information at risk and would not even protect networks.
Congress has failed to pass significant cybersecurity legislation in recent years due to partisan divisions on whether bills allowing greater sharing of threat data between companies and the government would endanger consumer privacy. The bill, called the Protecting Cyber Networks Act, still faces a vote in the Senate, where supporters say it is expected to have the votes needed to pass after easily advancing by a 307-116 margin in the House .
The bill would offer legal protections to companies that would enable them to share more information about their networks and hacker threats with the government.
Critics of previous cybersecurity bills included Rep. Adam Schiff of California, the ranking Democrat on the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. Schiff, who has characterized the privacy provisions of past bills as inadequate, opened debate Wednesday by announcing their support the legislation in the hope that it could prevent future attacks on U.S. networks.
Congress has been pressured to address cybersecurity after numerous companies suffered data breaches last year, including at JPMorgan Chase & Co., Target Corp., Sony Pictures Entertainment, and health insurer Anthem .
“At some point, we need to stop just hearing about cyberattacks that steal our most valuable trade secrets and our most private information, and actually do something to stop them,” Schiff said.
Privacy protections in the bill are stronger than in previous efforts, they said, while adding that improvements still needed to be made to make sure companies are not given too much immunity if they share unnecessary customer data or if they fail to act on leads about hacker threats.
“We need to further clarify that our liability protection only extends to those who act – or fail to act – reasonably,” they said.
The White House also supported the House bill on Tuesday, signaling President Barack Obama would sign the legislation, but the White House also wants changes made. Along with calling for limits on the collection and sharing of unnecessary consumer data, the administration said giving companies too much legal protection for failing to protect consumer privacy or to act on hacker threat data “may weaken cybersecurity writ large.”
Of particular concern for the White House were provisions in the bill that enable “defensive measures” in response to attacks on networks, including potential counter-hacks against the online criminals. Language enabling “defensive measures” was included in a similar bill called the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act, which overwhelmingly passed the Senate Intelligence Committee in March on a 14-1 vote.
“The use of defensive measures without appropriate safeguards raises significant legal, policy, and diplomatic concerns and can have a direct deleterious impact on information systems and undermine cybersecurity,” the White House said in a statement.
But Greg Nojeim, senior counsel at the Center for Democracy & Technology advocacy group, said the measure is “written more as surveillance bill rather than a cybersecurity bill.” A group 55 civil liberties groups and think tanks, including the Center for Democracy & Technology, issued a statement Tuesday opposing the House bill .
“The bill authorizes the government to use shared information to investigate and prosecute crimes unrelated to cybersecurity,” they warn, noting the broad scope of the bill's language.
Opening debate of the bill on Wednesday, Rep. Devin Nunes, R-Calif., chairperson of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, noted that the legislation “does not provide the government with any new surveillance authorities.”
“It only authorizes the sharing of cyber threat indicators and defensive measures – technical information like malware signatures and malicious code,” they said. “In fact, before companies share with the federal government, they must remove all personal information that might be attached to cyber threats. If companies don't follow those requirements, they will not receive liability protection.”
Despite attempts to boost privacy in the bill, cybersecurity professionals remain convinced that the legislation could share unnecessary information and endanger networks. A group of engineers from firms including Twitter and Cisco on April 16 sent a letter opposing the bill to House and Senate lawmakers, adding that security professionals already share threat data while complying with federal law.
“We do not need new legal authorities to share information that helps us protect systems from future attacks,” the letter reads.
Many attacks on consumers and companies are made possible by gaps in network protection, including poor passwords or lax online vigilance. PricewaterhouseCoopers' 2014 U.S. State of Cybercrime Survey revealed that many American companies had not taken important steps to protect themselves. Because of this, analysts like Nojeim say the information-sharing provisions in the Protecting Cyber Networks Act are more expansive than necessary.
Jared Kushner (center) stands next to their father-in-law, Donald Trump, after the final presidential debate. Win McNamee/Getty Images
For tenants in Jared Kushner's buildings, seeing their landlord get a top position in the White House is as nightmarish as Donald Trump becoming president is for most New Yorkers.
“It's disgusting. It's insane. It's ludicrous,” Mary Ann Siwek, who's lived at 170 East 2nd Street for more than thirty years, said after Trump, Kushner's father-in-law, tapped them to be an official senior adviser. “I don't know how to tell you how despicable this man is.”
Kushner bought the East Village building three years ago for $17 million and immediately began what tenant advocates call “construction as harassment”: renovating vacant apartments in a way that makes life dangerous and miserable for the current residents, particularly the rent-stabilized ones. “We were breathing in dust and fumes. There was plaster everywhere. My ceiling collapsed a couple times. For six months we had to live like this.” At one point there was a gas leak bad enough to cause the fire department to cordon off the entire block.
Tenants couldn't find out what was going on, they add, because none of the workers spoke English. Kushner “was never around,” and representatives from their Westminster Management came by mainly to offer tenants money to leave. Siwek, now retired, turned down a $10,000 offer, and says some people got only moving expenses. Within nine months, they say, three-fourths of the tenants had left.
That enabled Kushner to renovate their apartments and raise the rents to luxury rates. Today, their management company advertises apartments there for $3,375 to $5,450 a month, while touting the building as the place “where Allan [sic] Ginsberg wrote their famous poem ‘Elegy.' ” (Some clueless philistine apparently felt it was necessary to Anglicize “Kaddish.”)
This history didn't stop Mayor Bill de Blasio from praising Kushner after the appointment was announced on January 9.
“I respect them a lot,” de Blasio told reporters at a press conference later that day. “He's someone who really cares about New York City and is someone that would be very helpful to us. So I'm certainly pleased he'll be in that role.” The mayor added that Kushner was “a lot more moderate” than many of Trump's other appointees.
“Mayor de Blasio seems hopeful that their friendly relationship with Jared Kushner may be of some benefit to New York City, but our community has not benefited at all from Kushner's ownership of close to forty buildings in the East Village,” the Cooper Square Committee, which has organized tenants in several Kushner-owned buildings, and the Fourth Arts Block association said in a joint statement. Kushner, they said, “has converted scores of affordable rent-regulated apartments into luxury housing that rents for $3,000–$5,000 per month” and repeatedly “faced allegations of harassment and lack of essential services” while doing that.
If de Blasio “stands by their words and thinks Jared Kushner is ‘reasonable and moderate,' ” they added, “we suggest the Mayor come meet with Kushner tenants in the East Village to hear what they've been through under their ownership.”
“For de Blasio to be pleased about Kushner's appointment because Kushner is ‘a lot more moderate' than Trump's other appointments is scary indeed!” says a tenant in one of their Brooklyn buildings, who asked not to be identified for fear of harassment.
“I want to be sure Kushner is made to reveal and divest from all of their real estate holdings, and is not absolved of anything — all their conflicts of interest, all their shady real estate deals…and all the horrific things they have done to tenants in their real-estate empire.”
A Westminster spokesperson did not respond by press time to questions about whether Kushner plans to divest from the buildings once they take the White House job. Jamie S. Gorelick, a lawyer advising him, told the New York Times that Kushner would sell their interest in about 35 investments. They plan to sell them to their brother and a trust controlled by their mother, they said, and will not be involved in managing the properties they retain.
Kushner typically doesn't use the building-wide eviction-demolition-renovation process they undertook in Siwek's building, however. Their business model might be called “apex scavenger”: Over the last five years, he's spent more than $400 million buying more than fifty buildings in Manhattan, Brooklyn, and Astoria, primarily in the East Village — at least forty of them from Ben Shaoul and Stone Street Properties, two landlords who specialized in “maximizing value” by clearing out rent-stabilized tenants through trumped-up eviction attempts, threats, and construction-as-harassment, and then flipping the buildings to new owners.
Anthony Donovan, who lives in one such East Village building, says Kushner is a lot more moderate than the previous owners: Steve Kaplan, who conned several tenants into signing “special agreement leases” that omitted the clauses saying they were rent stabilized and residents had the right to stay, and Shaoul, who kicked those tenants out and put the rest through “two years of hell, of construction and lies.”
Today, they say, the services are good, and Westminster staff responsive. “But I know the game they were playing,” they say of Kushner. “He knew what Shaoul was doing, and they bought the building after Shaoul did the dirty work.”
Tenants in Kushner's East Village buildings, however, have often complained about lack of services. In April, residents of 118 East 4th Street, after five months spent with a garbage mountain in their backyard and with no cooking gas, won a court settlement in which Westminster agreed to make repairs, give rent-stabilized tenants 60 percent off their rent for the time without gas and market-rate tenants 30 percent off, and cover the tenants' legal fees.
The problems are “more about chaotic management than about gut renovation,” says Edward Osborne, who lives nearby. “Kushner's been legitimately distracted in the last year.” Turnover in Westminster's offices is so high, they add, that you're lucky if you can reach the same person twice.
They say he's “horrified” by Kushner going to the White House. “I don't think he's demonstrated very good management principles.”
“Trump's appointment of Kushner is in keeping with their cabinet selections of amoral billionaire crooks, liars, and thieves,” says another East Village rent-stabilized tenant, who asked not to be identified for fear of retaliation. “This guy's company preys on the feeble and infirm, lies, charges illegal late fees, puts tenants at risk in myriad ways, whose overall message to tenants is a shrug and a ‘you get what pay for' re: heat, gas, hot water, modern plumbing, and electricity.”
“We felt the complete lack of empathy and compassion from our landlord,” they add. “The whole country's going to experience what we've been going through.”
Kushner never once showed up to meet with tenants at 170 East 2nd Street to respond to their complaints about the construction, says Siwek. That, they believe, reflects their business ideology. “He couldn't care less about human suffering,” they say. “He couldn't care less about the city. They couldn't care less about anything but their money and their family.” And they “stays very far away” from the results of their actions.
They have one wish for him: “I would like them to stay for a month in one of the rooms while the construction was going on.”
From Prohibition to Legalization, Could India Follow US Lead… Again? India reluctantly banned cannabis in 1985 under pressure from US, causing a rise in crime and drug addiction in a country that considered cannabis use a part of life for thousands of years.
NEW DELHI, INDIA — Until 1985, when Indian government bowed to US pressure under the Reagan administration's War on Drugs, cannabis use was the norm in India. All derivatives of the plant, most commonly hashish and bhang, were sold legally, often in state government run shops.
And this wasn't just a radical hippie holdover from the 60's and 70's — cannabis use has been a part of Indian life for thousands of years.
Recreational cannabis use was never taboo in India — if anything, it was regarded as a “poor man's intoxicant” by the wealthy and elite upper class, who preferred alcohol or opiates.
Article continues after ad Advertisement
In the middle ages, soldiers would often drink bhang before entering battle.
Religious use of the plant was another story, as rich and poor alike found spiritual guidance and enlightenment by sharing vassals of bhang much like modern day Catholics share communion wine. Bhang in India is still distributed as a religious offering during Shiva festivals like “Mahashivratri” and has become virtually synonymous with the Holi festival, to the point where consuming bhang at that time is a standard practice despite the governmental prohibition of cannabis.
So what changed? Why, after thousands of years of harmonious life with legal cannabis, did the Indian government decide to outlaw the cannabis plant?
Since the early 1960's, the United States campaigned to ban the world-wide use and cultivation of all drugs, hard and soft, from cocaine to cannabis. In it's many forms — ganja, charas, hasih, bhang — cannabis use in India was so widespread, integrated into daily life without taboo or prejudice, that the country was able to resist cannabis prohibition for almost 25 years as the Indian government opposed the United State's oppression of organic drugs.
Article continues after ad Advertisement
But then, in 1985, the Indian government succumbed to mounting pressure from the United States. To help India comply with treaty obligations to the United States and United Nations, The Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act (NDPSA) was enacted, which banned cannabis and over 200 other substances.
The NDPSA grouped all drugs together, with any violations of the act resulting in a 10 year mandatory minimum sentence.
Cannabis use in India dropped slightly as a result of the Act, but the decline in use came at a huge price.
Heroin and cocaine, which had previously seen little to use in India, suddenly became popular, causing a new problem never before seen on a large scale in the country: drug addiction. This new drug addiction became the fuel for rising crime and theft in India's cities, as prohibition drove prices of narcotics higher and higher, while dependency increased demand.
Article continues after ad Advertisement
The risk and consequence for selling marijuana, cocaine, heroin or other drugs was the same, but profits from sales of harder drugs were much higher. As more peddlers turned to selling hard drugs, addiction rose even more.
The Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act had created a drug problem within the country, when previously there had been none.
But in order to maintain relations with the United States, who's drug policy involvement in cannabis, coca and opium producing countries can not be underestimated, cannabis prohibition in India has been upheld for 27 years.
But now that parts of the United States have relaxed their drug policies, it may be time for India to evaluate theirs.
In some ways, India already has. The original 10 year mandatory minimum sentence for cannabis possession has since been relaxed, and some cannabis use is tolerated by the government, but only if it can be proven that jut the leaves and seeds, not the forbidden buds, of cannabis plants are being used. Cultivation of cannabis is not permitted, but the natural wild growth of the plant is is widespread nationwide.
Following the elections this past week that legalized marijuana use in Colorado and Washington, many in India feel it is time to return to a way of life that prevailed for thousands of years but has been repressed for the past quarter-century.
Cannabis use is prevalent everywhere, from the South Pacific islands to Russian steppes, mining communities in the Canadian wilds to Brazilian favelas and from the Himalayas to the Congolese Blue Mountains.
But for India, it is a way of life, existing peacefully for thousands of years. And having been among the last countries in the world to align with the failed drug policies of the United States, the damage is still reversible.
The Netanyahu camp is worried about the political impact of its preemptive strike on Capitol Hill, I'm told. Netanyahu understands that they will be burning their remaining bridges to the White House by going up to the Hill next week. Israelis close to Netanyahu have been warning them that their decision to openly align with the Republican Party against a Democratic president is both unprecedented and deeply risky. In fact, Netanyahu's own national security advisor, Yossi Cohen, told at least two people during their visit to Washington last week that they wished the speech were not taking place. According to people who have spoken with him, Cohen said that they are troubled by the timing of the speech —two weeks before the Israeli elections—and by the appearance that it is an attempt by Israel to insert itself directly into American partisan politics. Like most Israeli national security officials, they understand that the United States is Israel's second-line of defense, and can't quite believe that Netanyahu has so dramatically written off a president with almost two years left in office. (The Israeli embassy spokesperson has sent me a statement from Cohen denying that they are opposed to Netanyahu's speech.*)
Netanyahu's allies believe that the prime minister is correct to argue against the not-yet-finished deal (as its details are currently understood), because it could, over time, legitimize Iran's nuclear ambitions. But they are upset by the manner in which the speech was arranged. The White House had no idea that Dermer and the office of House Speaker John Boehner were negotiating the appearance until it was virtually a fait accompli. (Sources also told me that Cohen, a former official of the Mossad intelligence agency, did not know that Dermer and Netanyahu were planning such a speech until hours before it was publicly announced, which, if nothing else, speaks to the quality of Dermer's and Netanyahu's tradecraft.)
It would have been quite a powerful image: the ambassadors of Gulf Arab states providing, by their presence in Congress, tacit endorsement of Netanyahu's anti-Iran (and anti-Obama) message. But the Arab states are not about to publicly stipulate what they privately say—that they agree with Netanyahu's understanding of Iran's intentions, and of the potential pitfalls of a nuclear agreement, and disagree with Obama's. And they are too smart to involve themselves in the partisan mess that this Netanyahu speech has become. I doubt, for instance, that they would turn down the offer of meetings with their friends in the Democratic Party Senate caucus.
* The Israeli embassy spokesperson has sent along the following statement: "National security advisor Yossi Cohen stresses that 'In total contrast to what was published I am not opposed to PM Netanyahu's congressional speech. In my opinion, the speech is imperative at this time in order to explain why the emerging deal between Iran and the P5+1 is dangerous for Israel and the world.'"
Police investigators inspect the area of a market where an explosion happened in Davao City. Lean Daval Jr., Reuters
MANILA - Police now have custody of eight witnesses and several CCTV clips that could shed light on the deadly Friday night explosion in Davao City.
Chief Inspector Andrea dela Cerna, spokesperson of the Davao police regional office, said Sunday that the witnesses linked four "persons of interest" to the bombing that killed at least 14 people.
READ: Improvised bomb caused Davao blast, police say
In a bid to identify the persons of interest, dela Cerna said investigators continue to gather CCTV footage from establishments around the bombed night market in Roxas Avenue.
The police Criminal Investigation and Detection Unit has a CCTV clip from the blast site itself, but it was not clear, they explained.
The Philippine National Police has yet to confirm that Abu Sayyaf extremists were behind the attack.
Dela Cerna said they were looking into the possible role of "disgruntled vendors" in the explosion. Some traders, they said, were dissatisfied with the granting of stalls in the night market.
The Davao bombing, which also injured at least 67 people, has prompted President Duterte to declare a "state of lawlessness" in the country.
Embassies of the United States, United Kingdom and Australia have also advised their citizens to either reconsider or avoid travel to the southern Philippines due to the incident.
The Originals S01E05: "Sinners and Saints"
If you think about it, pretty much everybody has an interesting backstory involving a secret massacre. Not only are massacres very easy to keep secret, they are very common and they happen to the best of us, all the time. Personally I can't even count all the secret massacres that have touched my family throughout the years, but if I had to guess, I'd say there've been at least seven? Some of these secret massacres were misunderstandings, sure, and one or two may have been hoodoo related, but the rest definitely involved blood feuds with mythological species, and I am frankly starting to get very ticked about all these massacres I've had to keep under wraps. Don't worry, I won't bore you with tales of all the secret massacres in my past, because I know you'd just be patiently waiting for me to be quiet so that you could talk about all the secret massacres in your past. But if there is one thing we all have in common it's that most of our friends and family were killed in secret massacres that nobody knows about. That is what unites us. All our secret massacres.
On this week's episode of The Originals: Everybody in the past died! "Sinners and Saints" was basically the TV version of somebody kicking over a cobblestone and pointing at all the dead potato bugs, because holy moly was the French Quarter a grim place eight months ago. After last week's sudden turn into the realm of forward-moving storytelling, "Sinners and Saints" returned to the campfire tale format of episodes past. But it turns out massive exposition dumps CAN be riveting so long as the stories are super dark? Also it helps if we haven't heard them before. I like new stories! "Sinners and Saints" was a very sharply written, dense episode in that it finally made certain characters and elements gel while finally elaborating on things that had only been hinted at previously.
However: Shouldn't we be past the gelling stage at this point? Like sorry, dudes, but it's still a major problem that The Originals seems way more invested in the past than it does in the present. But who am I to argue with anything as entertaining as this episode was? Nobody! I am nobody to argue with anything. "Sinners and Saints" was solid, surprising, and seemingly essential to the story moving forward. (Nice work, Sheriff Forbes!)
Uh, news flash dot gif: WITCHES ARE INTERESTING NOW. Obviously witches are having a moment in pop culture these days, but I mean specifically the witches in The Originals, they are interesting now! (Sorry TVD, still no dice.) This episode filled in A LOT of the mythology The Originals had teased over its past few outings, and almost every missing piece of the puzzle was stamped with the phrase "witches did it." So first of all: Davina. As they explained to Elijah during their boudoir story hour, she'd become ultra-powerful after a botched ceremony in which four young witches were due to be ritualistically slaughtered in order to appease their bloodthirsty asshole ancestors. But Davina doesn't go out like that, so they fought against their elders (attracting the help of selfless do-gooder Marcel) and escaped that dumb ceremony. So now all the witches are after them in order to murder them and complete the ceremony and there's a ticking clock because if the witches fail they will lose all their powers. STAKES. Not only did this better explain why Davina hates the other witches, it explained their loyalty to Marcel. But most of all, it made the witches seem more powerful and devious than ever before. Especially that old lady witch in the flashbacks. Bastiana? How creepy was she?! Maybe it's just the shock of seeing someone on this show who appears older than 40, but I was VERY into Bastiana. Please tell me she's not dead. Lie to me, I don't care. Just please give me hope.
Even Sophie Deveraux became slightly more interesting this week. To their credit, they had attempted to stop the witch sacrifices, but she'd been too late and failed to save their niece. (Sophie's dead sister from the backdoor pilot had apparently had a TEENAGE daughter, because maybe teen witches need to start using actual birth control instead of, like, waving burning sage in front of their junk. Just a tip, teen witches!) But after witnessing Davina absorb the dead girls' powers, Sophie realized the ceremony was in fact WORKING and therefore they now needed to murder Davina in order to resurrect their niece. Or something? I frankly do not care because all that matters is Sophie is kind of a VILLAIN now and I am 100 percent rooting against her, which is a definite step up from taking a nap whenever they are on screen. But Sophie's newfound antagonistic qualities were really enhanced by how sympathetic Davina has become. In the span of two episodes I am completely invested in them emotionally. Particularly their burgeoning agency and how they vacillate between vulnerability and cleverness and Carrie-esque ESP freak-outs. Uh, and did you like that cold open wherein they teased a starving Elijah with a droplet of their own blood? That scene was either VERY sensuous or VERY troubling, depending on your local age of consent laws.
Oh, and this was fast: The church massacre that we only just learned about last week? Witches did THAT too. Turns out Cami's twin brother had been hexed by a witch. Part of me was like, "Ugh, witches are the worst." But at least witches are actually driving the story! Again, I hate to keep harping on how slapped-together this show's original concept was, but do you think it's a problem that the catalyst behind the show's very premise and now the people who are currently driving the narrative are NOT the title characters and not even the primary species of monster? Oh well, I guess I'm fine with the witches being more dynamic than the vampires at the moment. Whatever works. Oh but here's another quibble: Now that we've gotten to know more about Davina, learned what makes them tick, and seen their sort of defy Marcel's wishes, does it still make sense that the Mikaelsons haven't ripped Marcel's heart out yet? Again, The Originals has made great strides in correcting just how questionable the initial set-up was, but the unfortunate side effect of reverse-engineering these elements into coherence is that the central premise is now deteriorating rapidly. At this point Marcel can only still be alive because the main siblings WANT them to be, right? The idea that Marcel still has ANY leverage over Klaus flew out the window like an unwelcome guest in the church attic. At least Klaus finally punched Marcel across the room in this episode. At least that happened.
You know what else happened? A LOT of tingle-inducing moments. Anything with Elijah, especially the part where Hayley slapped their face and it felt like a kiss. Or the part where Rebekah forcefully informed Hayley that they are besties now. Loved that so much. Also Rebekah and Marcel's insanely sexy, mutual "I hate you" moment. Or when Klaus learned of the witch prophecy that Hayley's baby would bring about a witch holocaust: "I grow fonder of this child by the second." So good.
Look, I get it. I need to stop dwelling on certain aspects of The Originals (its premise and setting, for example) and just embrace the future (not that the show seems particularly interested in doing that either). The strengths of "Sinners and Saints"—particularly how it began building out the different warring factions and sub-factions into a sort of small-scale Game of Thrones scenario—portend big and satisfying rewards down the line. But it will always remain a personal preference of mine that the most exciting stories should NOT be past events. All my other favorite supernatural serials have had the foresight to actually begin their narratives at the most important inciting incident. That's just my preference when it comes to serials. If The Originals declines to be that kind of serial, fair enough. It's still a quality exercise in genre storytelling. But part of me is worried that this is what's known as an irreconcilable difference between The Originals and me, and we might just have to be friends rather than getting married, you know? That's not the relationship I had dreamed about, but it'll all probably work out fine for everybody anyway.
So yeah, "Sinners and Saints" was a solid and entertaining episode that still managed to frustrate me. That's just my own personal journey, I guess!
QUESTIONS
... So, Hayley and Elijah, eh?
... Are you Team Davina or Team Sophie?
... Did those werewolf tracks seem too large to belong to a normal werewolf?
... Do you miss Bastiana?
June 30, 2015, 2:07 pm
Here are some numbers from the DOL draft rule.
They think there are 21.4 million salaried workers subject to the wage test. Since the new number was set at the 40th percentile of these workers, presumably about 8.6 million will fall below the new number. But of these, only 4.6 million would have to be shifted to hourly/overtime rules (not sure why the difference, I guess other tests must still apply as well).
Those 4.6 million are expected to cost employers an additional $1.2 billion in wages, which seems like a lot but equates to an additional $261 per person per year extra. In other words, a pittance for all this disruption.
The Left is already saying that companies won't adjust and all these folks will get raises. But the DOL obviously thinks differently. Either it thinks these folks are only working maybe an hour each of overtime per week, such that the overtime rules will only cost a few bucks a week, or the DOL thinks that a lot of work and wage rates are going to be pared back leaving folks about where they are today, except now as timeclock punchers rather than trusted salaried professionals.
I am still going through all the tables in the back where they generate this stuff, but there are a couple of admissions there you WILL NOT find on liberal blogs today
Yay! The PlayStation 4 is out in the wild! Yippee! Oh…. It's broken. Boo! Sound familiar? Think back to the Xbox 360 and Microsoft was blighted by the infamous RRoD (Red Ring of Death) that signified cooked hardware. It's looking as though the much anticipated launch of the PS4 is suffering a similar fate as more and more users complain about consoles that will not turn on, and exhibit nothing more exciting than a pulsing blue light -- the imaginatively name Blue Light of Death, or BLoD.
Sony may have been rubbing its hands with glee as more than a million consoles flew off the shelves in the first day on sale, but things very quickly took a turn for the worse. Take a look at the PlayStation 4 support forums and you'll find a large number of complaints from disgruntled gamers annoyed at the fact their console is not working. The hashtag #PS4broken has been trending on Twitter on and off as users take to the web to voice their annoyance.
So what's the issue? At the moment it is not entirely clear. Quite a lot of users are complaining about their PS4 being DoA and Sony has issued a troubleshooting guide that it hopes will alleviate the problem for a lot of people. A post in the support forum from Sony suggests that there are at least four possible causes for the blue light issues:
This blinking light issue could indicate any number of causes including but not limited to: TV compatibility Issues with PS4 power supply Issues with PS4 hard drive Issues with other PS4 hardware
There then follows a brief troubleshooting guide which includes checking that the console hard drive is correctly seated. Other suggested fixes include restarting the console in safe mode and reinstalling the system software, but Sony does say that investigations are on-going into the source of the issues.
How have you got on with your PS4? Are you enjoying a new generation of gaming, or do you find yourself lumbered with an expensive paperweight?
Fatima Aberkan, dubbed the ‘Belgian muse of ISIS', who was jailed to 15 years on terrorism charges, has been released due to a bureaucratic mess, while their only restrictions are they are not allowed to visit the Molenbeek district or view jihadi websites.
Aberkan, 55, also known within the Belgian media as the “Mother of jihad”, was sentenced to 15 years in prison on terrorism charges in April.
The court proved that they had been in contact with Nizar Trabelsi, a Tunisian jihadist, who was convicted on charges of being associated with Al-Qaeda and plotting attacks on US targets, including the Kleine Brogel Air Base in Belgium.
They were also accused of having contacts with Malika El Aroud, a Belgian jihadist who was convicted in 2010 on terrorism charges, the court added.
Belgium paid Al-Qaeda terrorist nearly €80k in ‘moral damages' – reports https://t.co/UajjaGUo7r — RT (@RT_com) May 13, 2016
The prosecutors also linked Aberkan with jihadi recruiter Khalid Zerkani, who is nicknamed ‘Santa Claus of jihad'. Zerkani was charged with recruiting young Muslims back in 2015 and is now serving 12 years in jail.
However, Aberkan, only served four months of their 15-year-sentence, the Belgian Dernier Heure newspaper discovered.
Them lawyer, Cedric Moisse filed an appeal, saying the Court of Cassation, Belgium's highest court, failed to come up with an appeal date, despite having five months to do so. Moisse insisted that the Court of Cassation exceeded “the reasonable time” of the court appeal, the publication added.
As a result Belgian Appeal's Court released the convicted jihadist. There are a few rules they will have to abide by in order to keep their freedom.  They are not allowed to visit the Brussels neighborhood of Molenbeek, which has been seen as a breeding ground for jihadists.
'Santa Claus of jihad' becomes 1st inmate at special 'Islamist wing' in Belgian prison https://t.co/AtBV5Bw22zpic.twitter.com/o90QeIKKLv — RT (@RT_com) April 12, 2016
They have to submit their Belgian and Moroccan passports to the Belgian authorities, make regular visits to police and is under curfew from 22:00 to 06:00.
Aberkan also has to undergo psychological treatment in a specialized center for de-radicalization and is not allowed to visit websites advocating jihad and terrorism.
The woman took their two teenage daughters to Syria in 2013, according to the Belgian media. Two of their sons reportedly joined terrorist groups and have been living in Syria for some time.
"Fatima Aberkan has jihad under the skin," the prosecutor in the case said back in February. "She has sacrificed much for the cause, including one of their sons. For many years, she's contaminated their entourage with their foul and harmful ideas."
Copyright by WANE - All rights reserved
FORT WAYNE, Ind. (WANE) - Fort Wayne police found three people dead inside a home early Sunday morning.
Police responded to 3006 Holton Avenue around 4 a.m. on a reported "unknown problem."
FWPD Spokesman Officer Chris Felton said two females and a male were found dead. A fourth person, a woman, was taken to a hospital in critical condition.
Felton said police do not know if the victims were shot or stabbed due to the amount of blood. However, Felton said there were two other people in the home that were not hurt and at least one of them told police they heard gunshots.
There is no suspect information and police do not have anyone in custody. It's unclear if multiple people were involved.
A motive is unclear and Felton said police don't know the relationships between the four victims.
Police have yet to identify everyone in the house.
The two people in the home who were not hurt were taken to police headquarters for questioning.
The death investigation comes 14 hours after FWPD arrested two people in connection with a triple homicide on East Lewis Street in February.
Felton said it's too early in the Holton Avenue investigation to determine if Sunday's incident is connected to the arrests.
A large crime scene surrounded the home on Holton Avenue with police crime scene tape occupying an area about a half block on all sides of Holton and Colerick Street.
More than a dozen police officers responded to the area and some crime scene technicians were on hand.
As of 5:30 a.m., police were still waiting on a search warrant to enter the house and begin processing and collecting any possible evidence.
Detectives were going door-to-door in an attempt to gather information or find potential witnesses.
The names of the victims have not been released.
The Allen County Coroner will determine and exact cause and manner of death. It's important to note that the incident is being investigated as a homicide, but has not officially been declared a homicide until the coroner makes a ruling.
The incident is under investigation.
Copyright by WANE - All rights reserved
Copyright by WANE - All rights reserved Officers were called to the 3000 block of Holten Avenue around 4 a.m.
Tomi Lahren: Media Cowards Won't Talk About the Real Russia Story
Tomi Lahren's Final Thoughts: Rep. Wilson Has Trump Derangement Syndrome
Watch Tomi Lahren's Final Thoughts, exclusively on Fox News Insider.
Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign and the Democratic National Committee helped fund research by the firm Fusion GPS that led to the dossier containing salacious allegations about President Donald Trump and their possible connections to Russia.
Fusion GPS was retained by Marc E. Elias, an attorney representing the Clinton campaign and the DNC, according to The Washington Post. The firm then reportedly hired former British intelligence officer Christopher Steele to write the now-infamous dossier.
"Hillary thinks they can get away with everything," Tomi Lahren said on "Fox & Friends." "I just can't wait for more information to surface. ... I think we're going to find out more and more and more, and boy, she's going to have a lot to talk about on that book tour."
They noted that Brian Fallon, the Clinton campaign's national press secretary, tweeted Tuesday that they aren't aware of the connection between the campaign and the dossier, but if they had, they would have volunteered to go to Europe to help Steele.
I regret I didnt know about Christopher Steele's hiring pre-election. If I had, I would have volunteered to go to Europe and try to help them — Brian Fallon (@brianefallon) October 25, 2017
"Isn't it amazing how unapologetic they are?" Lahren said, adding this just makes the American people more curious to see what revelations might emerge from tens of thousands of deleted Clinton campaign emails.
"I want the Clinton campaign, Hillary Clinton, the DNC to finally be held accountable," they said, issuing a challenge to the mainstream media to report on this as doggedly as they have on the allegations about collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia.
"You claim to be such truth-seeking warriors. Let's see it then. Let's have you prove to us that you are indeed interested in the truth and not just about destroying Donald Trump."
Watch more above.
See all of Tomi's Final Thoughts, exclusively on Fox News Insider, and follow them on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
Tomi Lahren on the Weinstein Scandal: Hollywood Liberals Are Anti-Trump, Not Pro-Woman
Hannity: 'Robert Mueller Should Resign' From Russia Probe Over 'Conflict of Interest'
WATCH: Protester Throws Russian Flags at Trump as They Walk Through Capitol
A clown bearing gifts of flowers and two balloons -- one with the saying "You're the greatest!" -- shot a woman as they accepted the bouquet in front of their Wellington home on Saturday.
Marlene Warren, 40, was shot at least once in the head by the clown wearing a red wig, a red bulb nose, gloves and a smile painted on its white face.
Warren was taken to Palms West Hospital where they were listed in critical condition late on Saturday, a nursing supervisor said.
"This is the strangest thing I've seen in all my 19 years in law enforcement," said Palm Beach County sheriff's spokesperson Bob Ferrell. "It certainly seems well planned out."
About 11 a.m., the assailant -- detectives are not sure whether the attacker was a man or woman -- drove a white Chrysler LeBaron to Warren's home in the 15000 block of Take Off Place.
The clown walked to the front door carrying a bouquet of red and white flowers and two balloons, detectives said.
"She went to the door and there was somebody wearing a clown suit and a clown mask," Ferrell said. "As they went to take the flowers and balloons, the clown shot them As far as I know, nothing was said."
After the shooting, the clown dropped the bouquet and two balloons, one of which had Snow White's picture on it.
Warren's two teen-age sons and several friends witnessed the shooting. They saw the assailant leave in the LeBaron, which had no license plate, Ferrell said.
Detectives searched the Palm Beach International Airport, where they found a car that matched witnesses' descriptions. It was not clear late on Saturday whether that car was used in the crime.
Detectives spent most of Saturday checking Warren's home in the Aero Club community. The neighborhood has a private landing strip, and the homes range in value from $200,000 to $1 million.
"We're beating the bushes right now," said one of the detectives, who asked not to be identified. "We're checking all their friends and business associates to see if we can find anything."
Detectives also checked several flower and gift shops near the Wellington area in the hope of gathering leads.
The victim's husband, Michael Warren, owns Bargain Motors Inc., an automobile sales and leasing business in the 1500 block of North Dixie Highway in West Palm Beach, detectives said.
After being interviewed, Michael Warren left sheriff's headquarters about 4:30 p.m. with their arm draped over one of their son's shoulders.
"We don't have anything to say right now," Warren said.
Ankara has given Russia the go-ahead to use its Incirlik air base for operations in Syria, though no official request from Moscow to use the strategic military facility has been made, Turkey's Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said on Saturday.
The base, located some 100 kilometers from the Syrian border, is currently being used by the US-led coalition against the Islamic State to launch airstrikes against the jihadist group in neighboring Iraq and Syria.
“Turkey opened Incirlik airbase to fight Daesh [Islamic State] terrorists. It is being used by the US and Qatar. Other nations might also wish to use the airbase, which the Germans are also now using,” Yildirim told reporters on Saturday according to the state-run Anadolu news agency.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Asked if Moscow could share the airfield with coalition forces, Yildirim said that “If necessary, the Incirlik base can be used.”
Yildirim also denied news reports that Russia was demanding to use Incirlik for its military operations in Syria.
“I don't think they have a need for Incirlik. Because they already have two bases in Syria,” they said.
The US has used Incirlik in the southern province of Adana as a highly convenient launch pad for bombing raids against Islamic State jihadists in Syria since 2015.
At the Saturday press conference, the prime minister also vowed that Turkey would play a “more active” role in international efforts in the coming months to solve the five-year Syrian civil war.
They said Syrian President Bashar Assad can remain temporarily in place during a transition period as “he is one of the actors today no matter whether we like it or not,” but stressed the embattled leader has no role to play in the country's future.
Although Russia and Iran are Assad's main allies,which puts them at loggerheads with Turkey, this month Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan met with Russian President Vladimir Putin while Tehran's Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif came to Ankara for a meeting at which Syria was on the agenda.
“We believe that the PKK, Daesh and Assad should not be in the future of Syria,” Yildirim said, referring to the Syrian Kurds and the Islamic State jihadists operating in the war-torn country.
Yildirim said it was “out of the question” for Turkey to talk with the Syrian leader, and said regional countries Turkey and Iran as well as Russia and the US must work toward a solution in Syria.
“That is our objective. We are not pessimistic. We have even left it late. Therefore, as Turkey, we will work more because the instability there pains us.”
Turkey is on the front line of fallout from the civil war, hosting over 2.7 million Syrian refugees at a cost of $12 billion (10.6 billion euros), Ankara says.
Agencies contributed to this report.
AP Photo/Terry Spencer
Earlier this month a middle school teacher set up a gigantic pentagram in a public park in downtown Boca Raton, Florida. The city had approved the installation, which was placed next to a nativity scene and featured the words "May the Children Hail Satan." Police have responded to vandalism reports at the display eight different times, according to the Palm Beach Sun Sentinel.
Preston Smith, the English teacher who created the installation, is an atheist and believes that the city should allow all forms of religious expression. "We are here to call out Christian hypocrisy and theistic bias in taxpayer-funded public arenas while advocating for the separation of church and state," they told the Associated Press.
The president of Boca Raton Community Middle School's parent teacher association appears to be on the other side of that argument, and thinks Smith should be fired.
"A teacher we entrust our children with should not be putting a sign like this anywhere," PTSA president Kim Bremer told WPTV. On Wednesday, about a dozen protesters and counterprotesters held signs and stood outside of the school, many of whom were parents calling for Smith's dismissal, the Palm Beach Post reports.
"He had a blatant disregard for the feelings of the kids and how this would effect them," Lauren Kalina, a parent, told the Post. "He's undermining our beliefs, that's what I have a problem with."
Smith, though, said that their personal beliefs don't make it inside the classroom and they don't "disparage any child's personal faith." Although they were absent from school Wednesday, they do not plan to step down.
"Students have an uncanny ability to be more tolerant, respectful, and educated about diversity than most adults," they said in a statement to WPTV. "There is a mutual understanding not to discuss the display with me on campus."
For their part, the school's superintendent, Dr. Robert Avossa, seems to be siding with Smith. "We certainly can't micro-manage what an individual does outside of the schoolhouse," they told WPTV. "This isn't the first time this individual has participated in an activity like that. What we do is answer any questions as they come up at the school."
Smith is an avid activist for keeping church and state separate, something the Satanic Temple has stepped in to defend in fights all across the country. Satanic Temple co-founder and spokesperson Lucien Greaves rallied behind Smith by sending their own email to Bremer. Greaves explained that situations like this send a specific message to non-Christian members of the community, in this case young kids.
"If the PTSA were to be successful in destroying Preston Smith's career, it would send a very clear message to the children: that one religious voice enjoys exclusive preference while others are not allowed," Greaves told VICE over email. "That's why I've vowed to place an After School Satan Club in the middle school if the PTSA and parents continue to harass Mr. Smith...Installing an After School Satan Club will counter-act the message of exclusive religious privilege and reassert constitutionally protected pluralism."
If Avossa's statement is any indication, it looks like Smith will get to keep their job, but their holiday display has suffered at the hands of angry community vandals once again. On Tuesday morning, the pentagram had been physically ripped out of the ground, left in a crumbled metal mess surrounded by large tire tracks carved in the grass around it. And for some Boca Raton residents, the vandalism is the most offensive outcome in this fight.
"As a marine, I served to protect our freedoms. I served to protect the freedom of religion and freedom of speech," Tom Beal told the Sentinel. "It's interesting to see how humans respond to things they don't agree with or understand."
Follow Lauren Messman on Twitter.
ORCHARD PARK, N.Y. -- Rex Ryan won't reveal which member -- or members -- of the Buffalo Bills will be assigned to cover New England Patriots tight end Rob Gronkowski, but Ryan said Wednesday that it'd be a superhuman task for just one player to do it.
"We're not going to ask one guy to cover him," Ryan said. "Yeah, he'd have to look like King Kong."
Bills Don't Have King Kong On Roster Rob Gronkowski has nine touchdowns in seven games against the Bills, their most touchdowns vs. a single opponent. The only game in which Gronkowski failed to score against Buffalo was in Week 6 last season, but they still had seven receptions for 94 yards in that game. -- ESPN Stats & Information
Ryan said there could be as many as three players assigned to Gronkowski on some snaps when the Bills host the Patriots on Sunday.
"He's hard to cover," Ryan said. "He's going to make catches. You just don't want them to go off on you for three touchdowns or whatever. He's as good of a tight end as there is in the league. He's pretty good."
It's not the first time this week that Ryan has made a movie reference when speaking about Gronkowski. On Monday, Ryan called Gronkowski a "hell of an actor" when praising the Patriots' star tight end.
In their past three games against Ryan-coached defenses, Gronkowski has caught 19 passes for 213 yards and one touchdown.
"Obviously you don't just put one guy on this guy. That's been proven," Ryan said later Wednesday in a conference call with reporters covering the Patriots. "I will say this, it's better to put one guy on them than nobody on him. We'll try to have somebody on him, at least."
ESPN.com's Mike Reiss contributed to this report.
Every single refugee costs the German taxpayer £10,519 a year to look after, according to the government.
That is the average expenditure to feed and clothe each person, provide language lessons and schooling and the care of unaccompanied minors.
It does not include training courses or the costs to the taxpayer to deport failed would-be migrants.
Every single refugee costs the German taxpayer £10,519 a year to look after, according to the government as Incoming refugees wait for a short first medical check after their arrival in front of the main train station in Munich last year
The calculation was provided to The Left party in the German parliament after it made an official request for a breakdown.
German cities are needing ever more financial support from the 16 federal states which make up the country to meet the burden of caring for the new arrivals.
Bavaria is talking of a shortfall in cash this year of over 300 million pounds for refugee care.
In total the German Association of Cities estimates nationwide gaps in their refugee budgets totalling £2.1billion.
Bavaria is talking of a shortfall in cash this year of over 300 million pounds for refugee care
Around 700 representatives from the spheres of politics, administration and refugee organizations met Wednesday in Lübeck for the second refugee conference in the country to plot a new policy on migrants for the coming year.
Warren Joyce has enjoyed success with Manchester United's under-21 team.
Manchester United under-21 manager Warren Joyce is in talks with Wigan Athletic over becoming their new manager, sources close to the club have told ESPN FC.
Wigan have been searching for a new manager following Gary Caldwell's sacking earlier this week with the club languishing second from bottom of the Championship table.
Former Manchester United assistant manager Ryan Giggs was in the frame for the job as they look for their first role in management, but it appears their former Old Trafford colleague Joyce is set to land the role.
Joyce has been working at Manchester United since 2008 and managed the U21 side along with Ole Gunnar Solskjaer before taking sole charge in December 2010, guiding them to their third U21 Premier League title in four seasons last term.
The 51-year-old, who had a spell as player-manager with Hull City and two seasons in Belgium as coach of Royal Antwerp, is keen to make the step up to manage at a higher level and they were interviewed for the Blackburn Rovers job last summer before Owen Coyle was appointed.
Joyce is highly regarded in coaching circles as a result of their success with United's under-21s and they have developed the likes of Marcus Rashford, Danny Welbeck and Paul Pogba among others from the reserves into the first-team.
Peter O'Rourke is ESPN FC's transfer news correspondent. Follow them on Twitter @SportsPeteO.
The real face of the economic “recovery”
Mass layoffs hit North America, Europe and Japan
By Kate Randall
7 February 2014
A wave of layoff announcements over the past week has exposed the reality of the economic “recovery” touted by the Obama administration and governments worldwide. Deep-going job cuts are hitting the manufacturing, pharmaceutical, technology and retail sectors across North America, Europe and Japan.
Despite stagnant revenues, reflecting sluggish economic growth, companies are reporting booming profits. These profit gains are almost entirely due to a relentless assault on jobs, wages and working conditions being carried out by the ruling class.
The layoff of tens of thousands of workers comes amid news of unprecedented compensation packages for the heads of major US corporations. It is combined with ruthless austerity measures in the US and across Europe. As the chasm between rich and poor continues to grow, social programs and benefits upon which millions rely are being gutted.
Weatherford International plans to cut its global workforce by 7,000 by mid-2014. The oilfield services company, which currently employs more than 65,000 people, hopes to generate annual cost savings of $500 million with the job cuts.
Vehicle maker Volvo announced Thursday that it will lay off 4,400 employees in 2014, including a previously announced reduction of 2,000 jobs. CEO Olof Persson said the layoffs would affect workers worldwide.
Chemical maker Ashland Inc. will cut up to 1,000 jobs as part of a restructuring program being carried out under pressure from investors to boost “shareholder value,” i.e., share prices. With revenue remaining flat at $1.9 billion for the quarter ended December 31, Ashland aims to save $150 million to $200 million annually from the restructuring.
Swiss drugmaker Novartis plans to eliminate or transfer up to 4,000 jobs. The plan will affect up to 6 percent of the company's workforce and is part of a larger plan to cut costs, including the closure of production sites. Pharmaceuticals are under increasing pressure from investors to restructure in response to expiring drug patents and government efforts to cut health care costs.
British-Swedish multinational drugmaker AstraZeneca has increased its job-cutting toll to 5,600, raising by 550 last year's announced layoff of 5,050. The company expects the job cuts, to be completed by 2016, to bring annual savings of $2.5 billion.
Japanese tech giant Sony confirmed that it will sell its struggling PC unit to investment firm Japan Industrial Partners and cut some 5,000 jobs in its TV, PC, marketing and other departments.
A mass layoff program began this week at Dell Inc., the multinational computer technology company, with over 15,000 people expected to lose their jobs. A source speaking to the Register described the impending job cuts as “a bloodbath.”
US tech companies have also announced layoffs. Massachusetts-based EMC Corp. has approved a restructuring plan that will result in layoffs “similar in size” to job cuts of more than 1,000 last year.
Several hundred people will be laid off as early as this week at Disney's Interactive group. The job cuts will come mostly from Disney's Playdom unit, which produces games for social media platforms.
Time Inc., publishers of People, Time, Sports Illustrated and In Style, began job cuts on Tuesday expected to number about 500.
North American manufacturers are shedding workers as companies close plants and make across-the-board cuts. Five hundred workers will lose their jobs beginning next week as International Paper shuts down the remaining two paper machines at its plant in Courtland, Alabama and winds down production at the facility.
GenCorp Inc. announced Tuesday it is eliminating 225 jobs nationwide as it seeks to “eliminate redundancies and achieve efficiencies” following its $550 million acquisition of Pratt & Whitney Rocketdyne.
Pittsburgh-based US Steel is laying off nearly a quarter of the non-unionized workforce at its operations in Nanticoke and Hamilton, Ontario—about 175 workers. The steelmaker's operations in Hamilton, which once employed 15,000, will be trimmed to around 820 workers.
Michigan-based Kellogg Co. said Tuesday it will close its Charlotte, North Carolina snack factory by the end of 2014 at a cost of 195 jobs.
Retailers in the US and Canada announced major layoffs along with store closures. RadioShack will close 500 of its 4,300 stores.
Best Buy in Canada is laying off 950 workers at stores in British Columbia, Quebec, Manitoba, Alberta and Ontario.
Sears Canada announced layoffs Wednesday for the second time this month, eliminating 634 jobs. Two weeks ago, the company said 1,600 positions would go as it moved ahead with plans to close its Canadian call centers and reduce warehouse staff.
United Airlines said last Saturday it would drop its hub in Cleveland, slashing many of its daily flights and eliminating 470 jobs. The hub formerly served Continental Airlines, which merged with United in 2010.
Even as they continue to attack jobs and wages, the corporations, with the full backing of the Obama administration and governments worldwide, are sitting on massive cash reserves. US corporations are estimated to be holding a cash hoard of $1.5 trillion.
Instead of using this money for productive investment and an expansion of employment, the corporate-financial elite is using it to finance speculative operations and stock buyback programs that drive up share prices and further enrich corporate CEOs and big investors—at the expense of the living standards of billions of people around the world.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
In a company, there are several departments, each with its own function. There's the Sales Department, in charge of, well, selling. There's the Marketing Department, tasked with branding and consumer insights. There's the Finance Department, those responsible for the recording and analyzing the numbers. Then there's the Operations Department, in charge of producing and storing the products.
Why do companies have various departments? Why can't just everyone does everything? Well, aside from the fact that it will be complete chaos if they do that, having different departments means leveraging on the expertise and abilities of these groups. These departments work on their own thing and do what they do, but if you view them collectively, these departments combined actually ensure the company survives. Without a department breakdown, a business definitely loses a limb.
Treat your investments as your own business. It is important that your investments also have “departments” so you can take advantages of the unique strengths each has to offer. In the finance jargon, this is known as diversification.
What is diversification?
There's a famous idiom that says “Don't put your eggs in one basket” and this probably explains diversification in a nutshell. When we take this idiom literally, if we put all our eggs in one basket and that basket fell down, then we no longer have eggs. Goodbye, breakfast omelet!
However, if we put our eggs in different baskets and when one basket falls, we still have the remaining eggs to cook. This idiom is quite similar to “Don't bet all your money on one horse” or “Don't put all your money in your right pocket”.
Before we go into the diversification definition and the details, we should first understand what an investment portfolio is. A portfolio is a group of financial assets such as stocks, bonds and other securities. A portfolio is either managed by the investor themselves or an investment manager.
Simply put, investment diversification means allocating the investments in your portfolio to different asset classes and sectors. The key thing to remember about diversification is that is manages your risk and aims to maximize your return by not investing everything in one area. The theory is that you spread your investments to sectors and securities that will respond differently in various market scenarios.
Take for instance, if you were an investor way back in 2006, it would have been very tempting to invest all your money in real estate securities since the industry was booming at the time. You could never go wrong with real estate – this was the popular belief at the time – because, who doesn't pay their mortgages? It turned out to be, wait for it, EVERYONE! Thus, the housing market began collapsing in 2007 and the market crashed in 2008 leading to the one of the most brutal financial crises of all time. Had you invested all your money in real estate and mortgage investment vehicles, you would have lost all of it the moment things went south.
However, had you invested in something like consumer staples and utilities, you would have been less impacted by the financial crisis since, well, who doesn't need food, water and electricity?
It is also important to diversify among different asset classes like stocks, bonds, and commodities. If you want higher returns (Who doesn't?), it could be very tempting to put all your money in stocks. However, the risk in stocks is greater due to the volatility in the stock market and stocks actually represent equity. In the article Assets, Liabilities and Equity: The Building Blocks of a Company, we explain that equity is the residual while liabilities are paid first. Meaning, owners can only claim the company's assets after all the liabilities have been settled.
Bonds, on the other hand, are liabilities. If you hold bonds, it means that you have lent money to a company. Bonds are generally considered to be less risky than stocks because, like the Lannisters, a company always pays their debts (or at least we hope so). Pardon the Game of Thrones reference.
Stocks and bonds also react differently when confronted with adverse market events. Generally, bonds and stocks move in opposite directions. So when your stocks are not performing well, count on your bonds to be your saving grace. Therefore, the key is to include an asset allocation that is in line with your objectives, risk tolerance and constraints in accordance with your Investment Policy Statement.
Previous | Next
Samy Al Bahra is the cofounder of Backtrace, where they are helping build a modern debugging platform for today's complex applications. Prior to Backtrace, Samy was a principal engineer at AppNexus, where they played a lead role in the architecture and development of many mission-critical components of the ecosystem. Their work at AppNexus was instrumental in scaling the system to 18 billion impressions with orders of magnitude in efficiency improvements. Prior to AppNexus, Samy was behind major performance improvements to the core technology at Message Systems. At the George Washington University High Performance Computing Laboratory, Samy worked on the UPC programming language, heterogeneous computing, and multicore synchronization. Samy is also the founder of the Concurrency Kit project, which several leading technology companies rely on for scalability and performance. Samy serves on the ACM Queue Editorial Board.
News
Samy Bahra
Hosts
Everyone wants Lebron James on their team. The man is not only a superstar in their own right, they do everything in their power to make the people around them better. He's willing to work for less pay than they deserve. He's shown commitment and loyalty to their hometown team for the greater good of the local economy. Apparently, they also play violin and he's a snappy dresser.
The problem: there's only one Lebron. Every team wants Lebron, but only one team can have Lebron.
What the heck does this have to do with hiring? Good question. Every hiring manager should want superstars just like Lebron for their own team. Whether it's an ace programmer or the best sales person in the field, corporate recruiters and managers should always be shooting for the top talent on the market. But at the end of the day, is it worth it to let those roles go unfilled until that superstar appears? No—of course not.
There are a million examples of companies discussing their costs of vacancy online, so I won't waste your time (we'll save that fun and entertainment for another blog). The point is that every day one of your critical, money-generating roles goes unfilled, your company is losing revenue. Sales drop, billable hours go down, fewer tins of unicorn meat get shipped. I mean, do you want your customers to go without their recommended daily allowance of glitter?
Think about it. Are any of the other teams in the NBA playing a man short, just waiting for Lebron's contract to expire? No. That's madness. You go out and you get yourself a nice free agent like Lance Stephenson. He's not Lebron—he doesn't have the experience, he's not a polished product yet. But with the right coaching and development, he's got superstar potential (and a pretty decent pump fake on their jump shot). Who the heck fields a team with four players?
The entire American economy, apparently.
A new study put out by Dice Holdings, Inc. shows that jobs are staying vacant longer than any period in the last 13 years. And the time to hire has increased 64% since the height of the recession in 2009.
Obviously, there are a number of factors that play into this—the economy being one of them. It stands to reason that in 2009, when everyone lost their jobs, there was a higher volume of talent on the market. Others cite a “skills gap,” as pointed out by this recent study by Manpower claiming that 25% of applicants lack experience, 39% lack workplace skills, and 47% lack technical skills.
But as much as anything, this supposed “skills gap” and the increased time to hire can be heavily attributed to the Lebron factor. Companies don't want to develop talent; they only want to hire polished superstars. That's bad news for Lance Stephenson and bad news for new grads. Prior generations of employers were willing to hire candidates right out of college, train them, groom them into future roles, put them through apprenticeships, etc. But this willingness has greatly deteriorated in the past few decades.
Okay, maybe you don't need to wait around for your version of Lebron James, but you've got to admit—he's a snappy dresser!
The result? In 2014, graduates aged 21-24 are unemployed at 8.5%. That's more than double the 3.3% rate for college grads over 25 according to the Economic Policy Institute. Even more striking, 16.8% of recent grads are underemployed. Which amounts to a total of 25.3% of new grads who spend their whole day at Starbucks—either because they've got nothing better to do than sit around and drink coffee, or because they're busy serving it.The problem has reached such epic proportions that Congress actually decided to fly back into D.C. from their summer homes in Nantucket to pass some legislation. Obama recently signed the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act—a bill funneling billions of dollars to on-the-job training programs. This marks the first significant job training legislation, as well as the first time Congress and the President have agreed on something useful in almost a decade.
This bill may be a long-term solution. The short-term solution? Hire smart, motivated people and teach them how to succeed in growth-oriented roles at your company. If beagles can be trained to sniff out bed bugs in NYC hotels for $300 an hour—a smart, young go-getter can certainly be trained to do financial analysis and bill out at way more than that.
Ultimately the increased time to hire comes down to a fundamental flaw in our nation's hiring processes—the quest for perfection. If the hiring manager scrutinizes any candidate enough, they'll find imperfections. And worse yet, if the ATS is set to narrow down results to a ridiculous set of keywords and salary ranges, then you're going to end up eliminating all the people that actually are qualified. Rather than being laser focused on finding that purple squirrel that fits in the perfect little box of a job you've crafted, the goal should be to find quality people and to find them as fast as possible. Every second you go without them is costing you money.
Do you really want to be the only team on the court with 4 players? Or do you want to watch with bated breath while Lance Stephenson sinks another silky smooth jumper from the top of the key? It's your choice.
Image caption Cristian decided to grow their own marijuana last year
Cristian, a 32-year-old blacksmith from Uruguay, grows five cannabis plants with care and dedication in the back yard of their workshop on the outskirts of Montevideo.
"I have been smoking three or four joints a day since I was 13," they say.
"But last year I decided to grow my own cannabis because the quality of the marijuana at the boca (hotspots where illegal drugs are sold) is too low, or it comes mixed with hard and dangerous drugs, like cocaine paste," they say.
Every morning Cristian checks their plants have the appropriate amount of light, fertiliser and insecticide.
But above all, they always make sure they are well hidden from the police and out of the neighbours' sight.
State control
For decades, smoking cannabis has been legal in this South American country.
Uruguay marijuana bill Registered residents can buy up to 40g (1.4oz) marijuana/month
Up to six plants can be grown at home
Buyers and growers have to be over 18
Tourists are excluded
Advertising is forbidden
Prices will be fixed by the government
Seeing a group of youngsters sharing a joint in the park has become a familiar scene, but growing and buying the drug have remained illegal.
But that is about to change.
Uruguay is set to become the first nation in the world to regulate the production, sale and consumption of cannabis after a new law was passed by the country's senate on Tuesday.
Once the president signs the bill, the state will control the production and sale of cannabis.
For Cristian, this will mean that instead of hiding their plants from the police, the authorities will supervise them to make sure they comply with the new rules.
Image caption It is not unusual to see people smoking cannabis in Uruguay
A central body, the National Institute for Cannabis Regulation, will provide those who want to grow marijuana with seeds and ensure that their crop does not exceed the legal limit of 480g (1lb 1oz) per year.
Cristian welcomes the change.
"I think it was about time that cannabis became legal. Police should worry about fighting crime and drug trafficking, not me," they say.
'No weed-for-all'
This law does not solve the real problems Veronica Alonso, Congresswoman, National Party
The man behind the law is 78-year-old former guerrilla fighter turned President Jose Mujica.
The president says they oppose drug consumption but wants to take the multi-million-dollar cannabis business away from the drug cartels.
"This won't be a weed-for-all country," Mr Mujica assured critics.
Under the new law, buyers will have to officially register - something only residents can do, not tourists.
There will also be a strict 40g/month limit on those who grow the drug or buy it at licensed pharmacies.
"What I am doing is offering consumers a legal amount," President Mujica explains.
Global first
The bill goes several steps further than existing legislation in the Netherlands, where growing cannabis is not legal, although the authorities turn a blind eye to those who grow some plants at home.
It bears some similarities to drug laws in the US states of Colorado and Washington, where the sale of cannabis for medicinal or recreational use was made legal in 2012.
But Uruguay is the first nation state to regulate the production, distribution and sale of the drug.
The country, which has a population of fewer than 3.5 million people, has so far been spared much of the drug-related violence that other Latin American countries have suffered from, but officials say it is time to tackle drug gangs before they get too strong.
"Last year, 82 people were killed in drug-related violence in Uruguay. We are starting to see episodes of criminal score-settling, groups of hitmen ... but we are not aware of anybody who died because of marijuana consumption," explains the head of the National Drug Agency, Julio Calzada.
'Visionary'
Other Latin American countries are watching Uruguay's experiment with interest.
Image caption President Mujica has been called "a visionary" for promoting the law
Guatemalan President Otto Perez Molina, whose country is suffering from a wave of violence blamed on drug cartels, has described their Uruguayan counterpart as "a visionary".
Others view Mr Mujica's experiment with scepticism.
Mexican Foreign Minister Jose Antonio Meade recently warned that "unilateral policies" would not solve the problem, and asked for a global discussion about drug policy.
Uruguay's neighbour Brazil sent a delegation to Montevideo earlier this year to express its concern about the potential impact of the new law.
But Mr Calzada insists Uruguay's neighbours will benefit as well as its own citizens.
"Our commitment to other countries is that our legal marijuana will not end up smuggled into their territory. This will not happen," they assure foreign sceptics.
Opposition
But the law is also facing criticism at home. According to recent polls, 60% of Uruguayans oppose the bill.
Congresswoman Veronica Alonso of the National Party is one of them.
"This law does not solve the real problems. If the government really wants to fight insecurity it should tackle the places where illegal drugs are sold," they told the BBC.
"If it is a matter of public health, then it should work to prevent the consumption of other drugs, like tobacco or alcohol," they argue.
Ms Alonso fears that the law will encourage drug consumption, especially among young Uruguayans.
"There will be a higher availability of marijuana and at the same time the perception of marijuana as a dangerous drug will be lowed. Therefore consumption will grow," they say.
"This is going to cause us a lot of problems, especially from a social and medical point of view, and the State is not ready to face them."
Whether good or bad, the effects of the government's pioneering move are certain to be scrutinised and analysed by both opponents and supporters of cannabis legalisation not just in Uruguay but across the world.
As many as 200 million women have been subjected to female genital mutilation (FGM) in 30 countries and half of them are in Indonesia, Egypt and Ethiopia. According to Unicef's latest report, the number is sharply higher than the previously estimated 130 million. Nearly 44 million FGM victims across the world are aged 14 or younger, the report said.
Despite an official ban since 2006, nearly half the women population in Indonesia are victims of FGM. An estimated 60 million women and girls in the country, the world's most populous Muslim-majority nation, were forced to go through the procedure. This is the primary reason for the steep increase in the global numbers. It is also estimated that 50% of girls under 11 were put under the knife.
"In countries where data was not available, we had previously only had anecdotal evidence. We knew Indonesia has a growing population of women and girls, but I would say [these figures] are higher than expected. It shows it is a global issue when the focus has previously been on Africa," said Claudia Cappa, a statistics specialist for Unicef and the study's lead author.
FGM is widely prevalent in Africa followed by the Middle East, but a more worrying factor highlighted by the Unicef report is the existence of the procedure on several continents. There have been FGM cases in pockets of Europe, the US, India and south-east Asia.
There are various reasons and beliefs cited for FGM. These range from tribal traditions to tempering the behaviour of women. The procedure is mostly carried out by traditional practitioners without proper training. Apart from causing infection or infertility in some cases, it can also lead to death if the procedure goes wrong.
On the brighter side, the report finds the number of FGM cases declining in some countries like Liberia, Burkina Faso, Kenya and Egypt over the last three decades.
Sayer Ji, GreenMedInfo
Waking Times
Last month, we reported on a mysterious global epidemic of fatal kidney disease, focusing on a study published in the International Journal of Environmental Research and Public Health1 that laid down evidence showing the herbicide Roundup (glyphosate) is responsible for an epidemic of kidney-related deaths in a rural farming region of Northern Sri Lanka, as well as other rural regions around the world, including Costa Rica and Nicaragua. You can review the report here: Roundup Weedkiller Linked To Global Epidemic of Fatal Kidney Disease.
This information, while shocking to many who still consider glyphosate herbicide and the GM food produced with it to be relatively non-toxic, is not surprising to those who have been tracking the published research on glyphosate's wide ranging harmful effects, and which now shows a link between glyphosate and several dozen health conditions. You can view the first-hand toxicological citations here: Adverse Health Effects of Glyphosate Formulations.
Only days ago, The Center for Public Integrity released a report titled, “Sri Lanka bans Monsanto herbicide citing potential link to deadly kidney disease,” citing Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa's March 13th decision to impose an outright ban on glyphosate. This decision follows a decision by the legislature in El Salvador last September to approve a ban on glyphosate, but the proposal has not yet been signed into law.
Now that the world seems to be paying closer attention to the fact that the primary agrichemical used in the farming of genetically modified crops has deleterius, if not deadly, consequences to exposed populations, including kidney harm, it is only logical to ask the question if the US, which has the highest amount of glyphosate usage in the world, is also experiencing kidney harm as a result of widespread daily exposure.
A series of graphs based on data from the USDA, National Cancer Institutes, Centers for Disease Control, have recently surfaced, depicting at steep rise in the rates of kidney disease in the US from the time of the introduction of glyphosate and GM food, reveals that the US may also be suffering from an epidemic of glyphosate-linked kidney damage.
The first graph below depicts the ‘Age Adjusted Acute Renal Failure Deaths' in the US from 1981 to 2009 plotted against the percentage of GE soy and corn planted, and the tonnage of glyphosate applied to corn and soy, showing death rates more than doubling over the past 30 years.
The second graph depicts the ‘Number of Hospitalizations for Acute Kidney Injury' in the US plotted against glyphosate applied to corn and soy, between years 1990-2010. Within a single decade (1996-2006), hospitalizations due to acute kidney injury had more than tripled.
The third graph depicts ‘Kidney and Renal Pelvis Cancer Incidence' in the US, plotted against the percentage of GE soy and corn planted, and the tonnage of glyphosate applied to corn and soy, showing death rates increasing by 50% between 1998 and 2008.
The implications of this data are highly concerning. The steady increase in acute and chronic kidney disease in the US population dovetails so closely with the increased use (and therefore human exposure) to glyphosate and glyphosate contaminated food, that it is hard to write off the correlation as coincidence.
In previous articles, we have examined the evidence showing that glyphosate is accumulating in our air, rain, groundwater, soil, food, and even persists in the seawater where it may be killing our coral reefs. Far from the ‘highly biodegradable,' ‘virtually non toxic' chemical it was once marketed to be by its creator Monsanto, it is now known to persist in a way that makes daily exposure inevitable, and which accumulates with time, as its use increases each year.
In fact, the entire basis for arguing for the substantial equivalence of GMO and non-GMO foods is that glyphosate possesses negligible toxicity. The GMO biosafety debate normally revolves around whether the novel transgenes inserted into the plants produce problematic proteins or insecticidal compounds that have adverse, non-target adverse health effects on humans. If glyphosate is toxic in extremely low concentrations (as low as the parts per trillion range), then any food produced using glyphosate (and which is therefore contaminated with it, or its equally toxic metabolites, such as AMPA) will not be equivalent in safety to the non-GMO/conventional/organic food which is free of such residues.
As the increasingly educated world comes to understand the inherent and extreme dangers of glyphosate formulations like Roundup, there will be increasing momentum for the consumer to move supplicating the ‘powers that be' for lapdog like permission to have GM-containing products accurately labeled, to recognizing the underlying infrastructure of GMO agriculture is slowing altering (via GMO transgene biopollution) and killing the biosphere via wide-ranging agrichemical destruction. In other words, the rallying cry now is to ‘Ban Glyphosate and GMOs!'
REFERENCE:
1 Channa Jayasumana, Sarath Gunatilake, Priyantha Senanayake Glyphosate, Hard Water and Nephrotoxic Metals: Are They the Culprits Behind the Epidemic of Chronic Kidney Disease of Unknown Etiology in Sri Lanka?Int. J. Environ. Res. Public Health 2014, 11(2), 2125-2147; doi: 10.3390/ijerph110202125
About the Author
Sayer Ji is the founder of GreenMedInfo.com, an author, researcher, lecturer, and an advisory board member of the National Health Federation. Google Plus Profile. Their writings have been published and referenced widely in print and online, including, Truthout, Mercola.com, New York Times online, The Journal of Gluten Sensitivity, New York Times and The Well Being Journal.
They founded Greenmedinfo.com in 2008 in order to provide the world an open access, evidence-based resource supporting natural and integrative modalities. It is widely recognized as the most widely referenced health resource of its kind.
Disclaimer: This article is not intended to provide medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. Views expressed here do not necessarily reflect those of WakingTimes or its staff.
~~ Help To wake Times to raise the vibration by sharing this article with the buttons below…
ESPN front office analyst Mark Dominik, the former general manager of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, might have more educated insight on cornerback Darrelle Revis than most.
NFL FREE AGENCY Keep up with player moves and incisive analysis and viewpoints on ESPN.com. • Bill Polian's Free-Agent Tracker
• The Latest news, analysis: FA Wire • NFL Nation: Team-by-team look |
Top targets for each team | Needs • Williamson: Big-name FA fits • Polian: the Best available free agents • ESPN Insider: Rumor Central
Dominik, of course, was the Buccaneers' primary personnel decision-maker when the team traded for Revis in 2013.
What does Dominik think will happen with Revis this offseason?
“I think Revis stays in New England, and I think you're going to see Revis on a more marginal deal,” Dominik said Tuesday on ESPN Radio's “Mike and Mike” program.
“I think when you say marginal, look, I know how important winning was for Darrelle Revis. I think as a player, once you get that elixir that your feel you realize it's not all about anything else. I think he's looking for a home, and I think they felt like home was there.
“I think Revis stays at a reasonable rate, whether that's the $12 to $14 [million per year]. Maybe it's more the $12 million for five years, at $60 million, and it's done.
“I think New England is going to get a discount, and I think it's going to be hard for Revis to not want to stay there.”
EXTRA POINT: Dominik's scenario comes in below our own projected market for Revis.
It happened near the end of Iverson's Sixers' days. The Zeke era at the Garden—Marbury and Stevie Francis as the new Frazier and Monroe—made sure the death knoll rang a bit louder. After years of public celebration and ownership of the vogue, the hybrid guard—6-4 and under, high usage rate aka ball dominant, high volume shooter, score first, gravitational center of the team—was determined to be a false messiah. Pronounced bankrupt in ideology and in praxis, the pendulum would swing hard.
The campaign directed against this breed of guard was two-pronged. The first stratagem portends to operate on purely basketballian registers. Presented as empirical, non-philosophical, non-political, purely analytical, on grounds legitimated by tidy formulae self-represented as neutral and scientific and credentialed by the Ivy League economistic truth-tellers (GMs, writers, data folks), it was asserted that the Iversonian paradigm (simplified as little guard dribbling and shooting a lot) was anathema to winning, an unsound foundation that corrupts the larger tactical architecture of the team and prefigures an ultimate downfall. Give the keys to the undersized scoring guard and you'll be trapped in the purgatory of 6-seeds and first-round exits (with AI's lonesome run to the Championship the exception that proves the rule), low-quality shots and inefficient offense (distance two-pointers shot off the bounce).
This type of guard, then, (though creating a model based on Iverson's exceptional case is an exercise in stupidity—he is among the most unique in NBA history) became a symbol of misplaced hope and naivety. Single variable determinism, bullshit reductionist logic. It should be noted that despite their physical and stylistic proximity to the asupervisorstioned descriptives, Derrick Rose's concomitant resemblance of a classic Point is enough that they are rarely subjected to the same pejorative broadsides as AI/Marbury's ilk (could be because of their more conciliatory personality, their defensive commitment with Thibs, their better handle on athlete-speak, or the unassailable nature of the Bulls' winning percentage).
The second prong of the attack on the score-first little guard was launched along normative and ethical dimensions. The vocabulary called upon in these efforts should strike as familiar: These players were selfish, me-first, undisciplined, arrogant, immature, unevolved, premodern. Such qualities precluded the proper functioning of team, impossibilized it takes five. Pounding the rock and soloing, they were accused of ruining any chance at harmony. They would be blamed, then, for a wide-range of sins—the disastrous 2004 Olympic performance, for iso-ball, the death of the game's collective spirit, the post-Jordan ratings slump (pre-LBJ savior, of course). At least in Iverson's case, these polemics were extended to charges of thuggery and cultural criminality, as well. They were what's wrong with the game.
This is all part of Monta's story in many ways, though it may not be immediately obvious. They snuck by without too much criticism their first few years in the League—the novelty of the Oracle and Warriors' anti-establishment act facilitated an orientalist, slightly patronizing treatment of the team. They were exotic, a fun, silly freak show of sorts that was made into a recreational sidepiece somehow unserious by virtue of that exoticism (both as a contender and as basketball ideology). They were therefore a team that could be enjoyed as a guilty pleasure without the censure typical to most teams.
Despite this brief period of amnesty, however, as mentioned, Ellis had nonetheless come into the League as the political climate began its shift against the Iversonian prototype to which they would be assigned (fairly or unfairly). And as the bliss of those of Boom-Jax-Monta moments lost their eccentric devotion, the guard came in for a beating because of their resemblance to the now discredited Bubba Chuck. The low-shooting percentage, the one-on-one play, the losses and the moped accident were conflated as one damning truth (with the low shooting percentage somehow indicating the same character flaw revealed by the off-season injury. Stay classy, sports media.), a process of essentialization that came to define Ellis as player (and man, to a degree).
By the time we reached their years in the wilderness (Milwaukee), with unanimity the chorus sang of Ellis as some kind of anachronism, a player who missed the boat of modernization (efficiency and three-point shooting percentage, a guy foolishly persisting on with a mid-range game). They were a man of a bygone, misguided era. All Ellis could do on the court—his ability to create shots off the dribble as well as the necessity of creating shots off the dribble for any team to have success—was discarded in the perverse utopias being imagined, a utopia of squads constructed solely by Shane Battiers shooting corner threes.
This was the story until last year in Dallas, and this is what made last season so fucking refreshing. Ellis invalidated all the prejudice directed at their game (and their prototype) and deconstructed the binary that you are either Marbury or CP3, Iverson or Tony Parker, Francis or Stephen Curry, Ricky Davis or Shane Battier. They retained and continued in expressing their creative, flowing impulses like those three guards so besmirched (Marbury, AI and Francis) while doing so with efficacy and austerity. They melded the inventiveness and improvisational instinct that has always characterized their game with ruthless precision in operating the pick and roll. They exploited and punished defenses with long forgotten and hipster analytics-discredited 15-20-foot jumpers while continuing to get to the line at a great clip for a guard (5.2 FTA per game).
They gave Dallas an unpredictability and dynamism that has been missing for years while simultaneously moving in concert with the team ethos of efficiency, team-play and metrics-make-best (FG% up to .451, true shooting percentage up to .532, 4.9 win shares). They brought it hard at end game—Ellis was third in the League in clutch scoring last season (his 151 points in the final five minutes of games separated by less than 5 points put them behind only Kevin Durant and LeBron James—and tied with Kyrie Irving), a time of the game where they also increased their 3FG% to 54.5 percent. In doing so, they forced a reconsideration of the narrative on the hybrid guard that has been so dominant for the past 10 years.
And so, symbiotic with Dirk and empowered by a coach many had assumed would be existentially resistant to a player like Ellis, Monta once again emerged as among the most dangerous guards in the League. With Tyson Chandler back and Chandler Parsons filling a wing, the Mavs looked poised to challenge this year. You can bet Ellis will be front and center to any such efforts.
#SLAMTop50 Players 2014 Rank Player Team Position Pos. Rank 50 Chandler Parsons Mavs SF 6 49 Deron Williams Nets PG 15 48 Monta Ellis Mavs SG 9
Rankings are based on expected contribution in '14-15—to players' team, the NBA and the game.
KURT Tippett has declared their innocence in the Adelaide salary cap scandal and threatened to sue the club if deregistered by the AFL.
In a move which will further incur the wrath of Crows fans, Tippett has accused Adelaide of inducing them to enter into an unlawful agreement with the club in 2009.
A Crows spokesperson last night confirmed "some legal correspondence" had lobbed at the club from the Tippett camp, angrying officials.
"We've looked at it and it's disappointing but we're not going to act on it until we see what happens on Monday," the spokesperson said.
"At the moment we've got another case to prepare."
Monday is D-Day for Adelaide, which has been summoned to appear before the AFL Commission to answer charges of draft and salary cap breaches emanating from the contract Tippett - who has walked out on the club and wants to join Sydney - signed three years ago.
If found guilty, the Crows face a hefty fine and suspension from up to four drafts.
Tippett - who yesterday failed to nominate for the November 22 national draft and is now likely to be selected at the December 11 pre-season draft - is confident of escaping a penalty.
They (Tippett) stayed at Adelaide to their significant detriment
Like Adelaide, they have been charged with conduct prejudicial to the draft and a breach of AFL rules on total player payments.
Under AFL rules, they could be suspended or deregistered.
But the man representing them at the commission hearing, David Galbally QC, said they viewed Tippett as an innocent player in an off-field drama which has rocked the Crows.
"He stayed at Adelaide to their significant detriment," Galbally said.
"I can't see that they have done anything wrong."
Galbally said deregistration would be a massive over-reaction and believed Tippett had several legal avenues to sue the Crows, who are accused of agreeing to trade them for a second-round draft pick at the end of their contract and paying them up to $200,000 outside the salary cap.
Tippett's failure to nominate for the draft yesterday put Greater Western Sydney on red alert.
The Giants cut veteran ruckman and 2004 Port Adelaide premiership player Dean Brogan to make more room on its playing list to accommodate Tippett.
“Music is the language of the spirit. It opens the secret of life bringing peace, abolishing hostility.” -Khalil Gibran
Whether you are teaching or taking class, every element of the experience effects us energetically. Music is a very powerful tool for getting out of your head and into your breath, so it's important to have a selection of songs that support the theme of the class. Here is our grounding first Chakra playlist from our recently concluded Haramara Mexico Retreat!
EARTH: First Chakra- Muladara
Song- Artist
Embrace – Dub Sutra
Jai Ma – Annmarie Solo
Falling In Love At a Coffee Shop – Landon Pigg
The Trapeze Swinger – Iron & Wine
Afterglow – Phaeleh (feat. Soundmouse)
Free In Your Love (Purna) – Steve Gold
Praise – Shantala
Infusion (Bombay Mix) – Adham Shaikh
A Prayer for the Soul of Layla – Jamshied Sharifi & Hassan Hakmoun
Secret Insights – Daniel Otsuka
The Setting Sun – Dub Sutra
With the NCAA Basketball Tournament set to resume today, we thought it would be a good time to put together our Ultimate Fictional Basketball Team. This team will smoke any team you can field. Granted, ours is composed of all fictional characters — but your jumper is flat and that first step is oh-so-slow cuz your gut is oh-so-flabby. No hard feelings — just a little trash talk to get us going. The Ultimate Tourney team comprised of characters from movies…
PG: Teen Wolf
Insane court vision. Insane court smell. Quadruple-double trouble. Droppin' dimes or dunking on your head, Teen Wolf is the man at the point.
SG: Billy Hoyle
White Men Can't Jump? So what. Billy Ho can rain jumpers from anywhere on the court, all day long. They can't hear Jimi, but you can't guard Billy. (NSFW, but very funny clip)
SF: Clarence “Coffee Black” Withers
They revolutionized the Alley-Oop. What have you done? At least you'll be remembered — posterized by a man with a fabulous afro dunking on you.
PF: Cable Guy
Can they play? Feed them under the boards…you'll find out. Vicious picks, tenacious D and a terror on the glass — when they don't shatter it with power jams.
C: The Chief
As big as a mountain and as unmovable as one too. You won't want to be on the receiving end of a hard foul from ‘The Chief'. Ultimate teammate.
If you think you can field a better team for the NCAA Tourney, let us know via social media.
zalien Profile Joined October 2010 United States 216 Posts Last Edited: 2011-07-23 04:18:09 #1
Banner by http://www.liseydreams.com/
Cast by: DoA and Born
9pm EST/6pm PST
http://www.teamliquid.net/video/streams/DoA
HSSTL Presents its inaugural season finals in the first ever Highschool Team League Tournament!
For the past three months 66 Highschool teams have been competing in rigorous group stages in order to make it to the playoff bracket, the top 24 teams were seeded into a bracket consisting of some of the best players in the Highschool scene. Through crushing all kills, intense ace matches, and severe upsets, these two teams have emerged victorious.Tonight these two teams stand among the first to claim dominance of North America. Tonight one team will earn the bragging rights to claim championship of HSSTL. Tonight one team will emerge victorious in a tale of blood, gore, and bad manners. And tonight in the finals stage of the Highschool Starcraft Team League one will remain... who will it be?
9pm EST/6pm PSTHSSTL Presents its inaugural season finals in the first ever Highschool Team League Tournament!For the past three months 66 Highschool teams have been competing in rigorous group stages in order to make it to the playoff bracket, the top 24 teams were seeded into a bracket consisting of some of the best players in the Highschool scene. Through crushing all kills, intense ace matches, and severe upsets, these two teams have emerged victorious.Tonight these two teams stand among the first to claim dominance of North America. Tonight one team will earn the bragging rights to claim championship of HSSTL. Tonight one team will emerge victorious in a tale of blood, gore, and bad manners. And tonight in the finals stage of the Highschool Starcraft Team League one will remain... who will it be?
+ Show Spoiler + Brownthing
Sanddbox
Nucleotide
OneManArmy
DocM
BlondeSavior
thegasstation
Harbringer
Blawby
+ Show Spoiler + abalabazn
Sypher
Ghostfoot
OhShizNits
Psyren
BananaOD
Goky
Ericfroob
+ Show Spoiler + CCA/TP vs Lynbrook
(Z)Sanddbox vs Goky(T)
(Z)Sanddbox vs Ericfroob(P)
(T)Nucleotide vs Ericfroob(P)
(T)Nucleotide vs BananaOD(P)
(T)Nucleotide vs Sypher(T)
(T)Nucleotide vs Ghostfoot(T)
+ Show Spoiler + CCA/TP vs Lynbrook
(Z)Sanddbox <Crossfire SE> Goky(T)
(Z)Sanddbox <GSL Tal'darim Altar> Ericfroob(P)
(T)Nucleotide <GSL Terminus SE> Ericfroob(P)
(T)Nucleotide <MLG Xel'naga Caverns> BananaOD(P)
(T)Nucleotide <MLG Metalopolis> Sypher(T)
(T)Nucleotide <Typhon Peaks> Ghostfoot(T)
(Z)Brownthing <GSL Crevasse> Ghostfoot
+ Show Spoiler + Winner-CCA/TP
MVP-Nucleotide FINAL RESULTS
Make sure to watch this epic final series between lynbrook Highschool and Canyon Crest/Torrey Pines Friday at 9pm EST, 6pm PST cast by DoA here!
Make sure to like HSSTL and DoA on facebook for news updates!:
HSSTL:
DoA:
and follow us on Twitter for even more news updates and announcements!
HSSTL:
DoA: Where to watch:Make sure to watch this epic final series between lynbrook Highschool and Canyon Crest/Torrey Pines Friday at 9pm EST, 6pm PST cast by DoA here! http://www.teamliquid.net/video/streams/DoA Make sure to like HSSTL and DoA on facebook for news updates!:HSSTL: http://www.facebook.com/pages/Starcraft-2-High-School-Team-League/143177735749092 DoA: http://www.facebook.com/pages/Doa-Starcraft/167517119938914 and follow us on Twitter for even more news updates and announcements!HSSTL: http://twitter.com/#!/HSSTL DoA: http://twitter.com/#!/DoaSC Co Head organizer of HSL, a Highschool Team League affiliated with CSL and designed to change the way people see gamers
Yoshi Kirishima Profile Blog Joined July 2009 United States 9357 Posts #2 CANNOT wait for this!
C'mon everyone, lets watch and all support esports together! Mid-master streaming MECH ONLY + commentary www.twitch.tv/yoshikirishima +++ "If all-in fails, all-in again."
StThanatos Profile Joined July 2011 United States 13 Posts Last Edited: 2011-07-22 23:09:45 #3
bump? bump? "Every man dies.... but only a few truly live"
13JackaL Profile Joined March 2011 United States 572 Posts #4 go esports and my axe
Froadac Profile Blog Joined July 2009 United States 6333 Posts #5 Best of luck to both teams.
zalien Profile Joined October 2010 United States 216 Posts #6 Lynbrook get in HSSTL chat channel already Co Head organizer of HSL, a Highschool Team League affiliated with CSL and designed to change the way people see gamers
pikagrue Profile Joined February 2011 72 Posts #7 As a team eliminated by Lynbrook (and in the same school district as them), GO LYNBROOK!
LlamaNamedOsama Profile Blog Joined July 2010 United States 1893 Posts #8 .
also....why the GSL talk? get the games goin! XD Gogogo bay areaalso....why the GSL talk? get the games goin! XD Dario Wünsch: I guess...Creator...met their maker *sunglasses*
zalien Profile Joined October 2010 United States 216 Posts #9 CCA/TP Takes out Lynbrook in game one! CCA/TP is up, long epic macro mech vs roach infestor, got to see almost 200 total worker kills from hellions and the 4festor hit squad! Co Head organizer of HSL, a Highschool Team League affiliated with CSL and designed to change the way people see gamers
Jacob666 Profile Joined January 2011 United States 284 Posts #10 GO CCA/TP ETHS ROOTS FOR YOU
bananaman533 Profile Joined June 2010 83 Posts #11 GOOO GHOSTFOOOT!!!
ohshiznits Profile Joined December 2010 United States 17 Posts #12 GHOSTFOOT FIGHTING! :D Lynbrooks got ur back!
Froadac Profile Blog Joined July 2009 United States 6333 Posts #13 Lolwut.
I'm still sore from my Monte Vista team losing >.>
pikagrue Profile Joined February 2011 72 Posts #14 On July 23 2011 12:49 Froadac wrote:
Lolwut.
I'm still sore from my Monte Vista team losing >.>
I'm still sore from you guys beating us (Monta vista) the real spelling of your name! I'm still sore from you guys beating us (Monta vista) the real spelling of your name!
Yoshi Kirishima Profile Blog Joined July 2009 United States 9357 Posts #15 On July 23 2011 14:40 pikagrue wrote:
Show nested quote +
On July 23 2011 12:49 Froadac wrote:
Lolwut.
I'm still sore from my Monte Vista team losing >.>
I'm still sore from you guys beating us (Monta vista) the real spelling of your name! I'm still sore from you guys beating us (Monta vista) the real spelling of your name!
haha
yea monte vista
and monta vista
got me confused xD hahayea monte vistaand monta vistagot me confused xD Mid-master streaming MECH ONLY + commentary www.twitch.tv/yoshikirishima +++ "If all-in fails, all-in again."
pikagrue Profile Joined February 2011 72 Posts #16 On July 23 2011 15:01 Yoshi Kirishima wrote:
Show nested quote +
On July 23 2011 14:40 pikagrue wrote:
On July 23 2011 12:49 Froadac wrote:
Lolwut.
I'm still sore from my Monte Vista team losing >.>
I'm still sore from you guys beating us (Monta vista) the real spelling of your name! I'm still sore from you guys beating us (Monta vista) the real spelling of your name!
haha
yea monte vista
and monta vista
got me confused xD hahayea monte vistaand monta vistagot me confused xD
You're not the only one... people misspell our names all the time. Our math team has been listed as Monte Vista instead of Monta Vista at Stanford Math Tournament before... You're not the only one... people misspell our names all the time. Our math team has been listed as Monte Vista instead of Monta Vista at Stanford Math Tournament before...
Froadac Profile Blog Joined July 2009 United States 6333 Posts #17 [QUOTE]On July 23 2011 15:01 Yoshi Kirishima wrote:
[QUOTE]On July 23 2011 14:40 pikagrue wrote:
[QUOTE]On July 23 2011 12:49 Froadac wrote:
Lolwut.
I'm still sore from my Monte Vista team losing >.>[/QUOTE]
I'm still sore from you guys beating us (Monta vista) the real spelling of your name![/QUOTE]
Imagine being me. I'm from a local school, but I didn't know it was monte vista. So I emailed the monta vista coordinator after they contacted me, and got confused, and yeah.
I go to california high school, and, it confused the crap out of me.
OSM.OneManArmy Profile Joined April 2011 United States 488 Posts #18 YEAAAAH canyon crest/torrey pines!!!!! #1 Admin of High School Starleague // hsstarleague.com // https://www.facebook.com/HSStarleague // UCI Dota2 President https://www.facebook.com/groups/ucidota/
Yoshi Kirishima Profile Blog Joined July 2009 United States 9357 Posts #19 o yea it was 72 teams u never fixed that eh xD
anyway, our first season will be up ASAP, more news will be coming, will make a thread soon as website is finished!!!
And for those of you wondering from CSL's news about a high school league, yes, that is us! Mid-master streaming MECH ONLY + commentary www.twitch.tv/yoshikirishima +++ "If all-in fails, all-in again."
BOSTON (CBS) – Police Commissioner William Evans said Saturday Boston police officer John Moynihan remains in critical condition after they were shot “without provocation” on Friday night in Roxbury.
Related: Wounded Officer Helped Save Dic Donohue After Watertown Shootout
Evans said at a press conference from the Boston Police Department headquarters that officers approached 41-year-old Hyde Park resident Angelo West's vehicle without guns drawn and the man opened fire.
According to police, West has a violent criminal history with several gun convictions.
On July 23, 2001, Boston police officer William Griffiths came upon an alleged drug deal involving West on Stuart Street. They and a State Police officer wrestled with West and were able to disarm them but not before they shot at several officers.
No one was hurt in that shooting. West was arrested following the incident.
“A REAL VIOLENT CONFRONTATION”
The police commissioner called the recent incident “a real violent confrontation that was clearly unprovoked by our officers,” and added that there is “excellent video” that shows how the events unfolded.
The shooting took place at about 6:40 p.m. Friday in the area of Humboldt Avenue and Ruthven Street.
Investigators say authorities were in the area because of a previous shooting that took place.
Evans said six officers approached West's car, but they did not have their guns drawn. At that point, police say West began shooting, hitting Moynihan from point blank range in the face.
As West ran away, police say they continued to shoot at officers and emptied the chamber of their gun before they shot and killed him.
Two other people inside the vehicle were taken out by police. Evans said there were other unrelated charges pending against them.
“VERY LUCKY THAT HE'S STILL WITH US TODAY”
During the shootout, Moynihan, 34, was shot just below the right eye. They remain in critical condition and Evans said the bullet remains lodged near Moynihan's ear.
“We're just all very lucky that he's still with us today,” said Evans.
“He's a tough kid. He's going to pull through. I just hope there's no further damage.”
The six-year officer is currently in a medically-induced coma at Boston Medical Center, WBZ-TV's Paul Burton reports.
Moynihan is a member of the department's Youth Violence Task Force and is a former Army Ranger who served in Iraq.
They were also honored at a White House ceremony where they received the Top Cops Award.
“When the bombs went off on Boylston Street, they were one of the first ones there,” Evans told WBZ, referring to the Boston Marathon bombings. “When Dic Donohue got shot at Watertown, they were one of the first officers to render aid.
“He's going to pull through. I just hope there isn't too much damage.”
A middle-aged woman suffered what Evans called a flesh wound to their right arm. The woman was caught in the crossfire, but Evans said they visited with them in the hospital and they are in good spirits.
“UNACCEPTABLE, REPREHENSIBLE BEHAVIOR”
Rev. Mark Scott of the Boston Black Ministerial Alliance spoke at the Saturday press conference and said West's actions were unacceptable.
“We condemn the behavior of the man who was involved in the shooting. That's unacceptable, reprehensible behavior,” Scott said.
“This is not about black lives matter. It's about all the lives in the community matter.”
Suffolk County District Attorney Daniel Conley said their office will conduct a thorough investigation of the incident.
Conley added that they have already watched video of the shootout, and concurs with Evans' assessment that West's actions were part of a “completely unprovoked attack.”
“A HERO FOR OUR CITY”
Boston Mayor Marty Walsh was not in attendance at the Saturday press conference.
But Saturday afternoon they released a statement regarding the Roxbury shootout.
“My thoughts and prayers continue to be with Officer John Moynihan, their family, friends, the innocent person caught in the crossfire, and the entire community impacted by Friday night's violence,” said Walsh.
“I have spoken with Officer Moynihan's family and Commissioner Evans and I am hopeful that under the experienced and talented team at Boston Medical Center the Officer will continue on a strong path to recovery. It is clear that Officer Moynihan is a hero for our city, and the entire nation, and today we are thankful for all of those who put their lives on the line every day to protect us.”
WBZ NewsRadio 1030's Kim Tunnicliffe reports
Sean Mathews is a soldier and a celebrity. They served in Iraq and still is active in the reserves. I know he's famous because I saw their celebrity in action at Wargaming's Let's Battle Tour event on the USS Lexington in Corpus Christi.
Wargaming brought dozens of high-end PCs to the Lexington for on-site gaming. (USS Lexington Facebook page)
Sean plays World of Warships with the handle NoZoupForYou. They make streaming videos for the game on their YouTube channel and has attracted a devoted and engaged following. More than a thousand gamers attended the event created to allow fans of World of Tanks, World of Warplanes and World of Warships to interact with the game designers and high-profile players.
The USS Lexington is an Essex-class carrier that had a storied career in the Pacific during World War II. The ship ended their career as a training ship in the '70s and '80s. Decommissioned in 1991, the Lexington now operates as a museum.
World of Warships is a free-to-play online PC game with a strong emphasis on World War II ships and military history. I've linked to some of our earlier posts about the game and embedded videos from Zoup in which they provide a basic introduction to the game and how adults can fit the game into busy grown-up lives.
Warships players wanted photos with Zoup (as evidenced on their Facebook page) as they worked the room. I was able to pull them away from the scrum for a conversation about their military career and their love of naval warfare.
What's your military story?
I enlisted in 2002 after 9/11. I was in college at Oklahoma State. I had been kind of floundering around and spending my parent's money and felt bad doing that. So after watching “Black Hawk Down” three or four times in the theaters, I decided to enlist.
I walked in. I was probably the easiest soldier any recruiter could enlist because I walked in and said, “Hey, sign me up.” And he's like, all right, we're all infantry. I'm like, “Hey, that's cool. Infantry, that's the cool stuff, right?” They said, “All right, well, what kind of infantry?” And I'm like, “What do you mean?” And they said, “Well, there are 11 Hotels and they ride around on top of the Humvees.” Having just watched “Black Hawk Down,” I said, “I don't want to be on top of a Humvee.” I regretted that later on as I was humping multiple miles and I'd see my buddy who I got to enlist drive by on top of a Humvee. I'm like, “I made a mistake.”
I enlisted, did ROTC, the Split Membership Program at the same time. So I drilled and I did ROTC, got my commission out of Oklahoma State, went to Iraq in '09 to '10. I did not commission infantry, switched to AG. At the time, my ex-wife did not like that idea. And it was during that rough period in Iraq, so I acquiesced to them and did not go infantry. A part of me still regrets that.
I did my tour over there as a postal officer serving Northern Iraq, 35,000 soldiers up there, and came back and now I'm with an OCT Unit doing Observer-Controller-Trainer stuff.
Zoup explains the World of Warships basics
You're obviously a lifer at this point.
I am four years away from twenty and I will likely stay thirty. The true reserve retirement, just because the Army has been very good to me. It's opened up a lot of opportunities. I've been to a lot of nice places despite going to some not-so-nice places. I feel I still owe them, so as long as I can serve, I think I will. Full 30, unless they kick me out prior to that, I'll stay in as long as I can.
How does an army guy end up being a World of Warships player?
Because I never thought I was going to wind up in the army. I really didn't. When I was younger, my first gaming system was a Commodore 64. I played Red Storm Rising. I could name you every US submarine, every Russian submarine. I was only 11 at the time and I could talk about doing knuckles in submarines to create artificial noisemakers and everything else. This is an 11 year old doing that. I always thought I was going to join the Navy.
My dad was career army and they went to West Point. I always thought I'd attend the Naval Academy. High school came around and I found other things I was more interested in, things that weren't necessarily good for my grade point average. That ended my Naval Academy aspirations, so Army is where I wound up. I'm very thankful I wound up in the Army, so I have no regrets about that.
But a part of me has always loved the Navy and the history behind the Navy. I'm a World War II history buff. That's really where it comes from.
Would you call yourself a gamer or are you just a Warships guy?
I'd like to say I'm a gamer, I used to be a gamer, but living in Northern Virginia and commuting into DC doesn't give me much time for anything. When you throw in reserve duty on top of that, that's one weekend a month. On top of that, you get home from work and sometimes it feels like you have two jobs. I was a Battalion S1 for three years, so that almost felt more like my job than my actual federal job. So it's hard to make time.
I'm at the point now where I have to pick and choose what I play. And while I do have time to play some other games, like PUBG right now, I'm at the point where I'm going to play that with my longtime friends for one night and then I'm going to devote the rest of the time for Warships. At this point it's probably 75 percent Warships, 25 percent other games.
In your offline life, do people know you play Warships?
In my reserve unit, my first line supervisor and their supervisor know and we actually play every Thursday now. One is a major, one is a lieutenant colonel. I'm getting promoted so I'll be able to call the major by their first name here shortly. Until then, he's still major. We play every Thursday. My overall supervisor, the lieutenant colonel, they were a Tanks player. I got them into Warships and now they play Warships more than Tanks. We all play Warships and these are guys who would have never played Warships to begin with. They love it now.
On the flight deck of the USS Lexington.
For the people you play with, how much of the fun is the game itself and how much of it is the nerding out on military history?
I think it's a combination. Tonight has really been an eye-opener, running into a lot of people that follow me on YouTube. And it's a different crowd than like a game like Call of Duty, for example. I think a lot of them are playing Warships because it's more laid back and more relaxed than your twitchy games like Call of Duty.
But I also think there is that historic aspect. I love ships. I went on the North Carolina when I was 12 and to this day I still go on a lot of warships. There's just something about naval warships that just inspire awe, because they're huge. They're gigantic and they won World War II in the Pacific for us. I know the infantry did a lot, and the Marines and the Air Force, but, when you think of Pacific warfare, you think of battleships.
For the most part, everybody in the military is a historian in some way or another.
Zoup explains why you actually do have time to play Warships.
You spend a lot of time making streaming videos for the game.
One of the things that makes it worthwhile for me to do videos for Wargaming is the crowd and the community that I'm reaching out to. I know there's a lot of military in the Warships community. It's great going online and seeing a gamertag that uses “11 Bravo” in it. I'm like, I know what you did in the military. Or just those little hidden veteran things that you catch, like when someone has OIF in their tag.
What makes me want to continue doing this knows that Wargaming in return really realizes that and they are really supportive of the military community. That's a big thing because they're located in Russia, but they reach out to the military in North America through Project VALOR. Right now, they're raising money to preserve the USS Texas right now and they've done charity work for military families. Things like that make me proud of working with Wargaming. They are very veteran-conscious.
Another thing is that you don't have to be a kid with incredible twitch reflexes to play Warships.
The majority of the people I have met tonight that recognize me or my name. I'm 36 and everyone has been older than I am. That's not a bad thing. I've been playing games since the 80's and I'm sure those individuals have too.
Wargaming and Warships gives them a way to keep playing because it's not that twitchy. You can still play without the movement skills you used to have. I know I don't have them, but you can still do well in the game. If you don't do well in the game, it doesn't matter because there's the historical aspect. I get to play the USS Iowa. That is my favorite ship. I can be the Iowa. There's so much that can appeal to so many different players.
If that's not you, if you want the competitive scene, then there are outlets for that too with Supremacy League and things like that. You can literally make the game as challenging as you want or as simple as you want. If you just want to go out and have fun, you can do that. Or if you want something more challenging, you can join a clan and there you go, play against some of the best players in the country. Which I've done, but it's not something I want to continue to do all the time.
Tech giant Microsoft announced Wednesday that it will be laying off approximately 7,800 employees worldwide, bringing a denunciation from a federal lawmaker who says the firings expose the company's calls for more immigration.
The firings, which will eliminate about 7 percent of the company's workforce, are concentrated in Microsoft's troubled mobile phone business, and will eliminate most of the remaining employees from its purchase of Nokia's phone operation in 2013. Only some of the layoffs are in the U.S., with Finland being hit especially hard with over 2,ooo jobs lost. The firings follow up on the 18,000 layoffs the company made last year, which were also concentrated in the phone business.
Now, Republican Sen. Jeff Sessions of Alabama is slamming Microsoft, saying the layoffs show it is being dishonest when it lobbies for increased immigration into the United States.
“Microsoft has shed roughly 1/5th of its workforce in the past couple years,” Sessions said in a statement sent to The Daily Caller News Foundation. “And yet Microsoft, perhaps more than any other major U.S. company, has claimed it suffers from a shortage of capable American workers and must therefore import more H-1B foreign guest workers.”
Sessions is a top GOP critic of immigration reform efforts that would offer amnesty for illegal immigrants or allow a surge of new visas for foreign workers. Microsoft, on the other hand, has lobbied intensely for more immigration. The company has endorsed the I-Squared Act of 2015, which would triple the number of H-1B temporary work visas from 65,000 to over 195,000. Microsoft claims it's unable to fill all its job openings unless the H-1B visa program is expanded to let more skilled workers into the United States. The company is one of the three biggest H-1B employers in the country, and back in 2007 company founder Bill Gates suggested the U.S. should allow an “infinite” number of H-1Bs.
Sessions says Microsoft is simply looking to use cheaper immigrants as a way to drive down labor costs and undercut American workers.
“As Microsoft's layoffs show, there is a surplus—not a shortage—of skilled, talented, and qualified Americans seeking [science, technology, engineering and mathematics] STEM employment,” they said. “Each year, universities graduate twice as many students with STEM degrees as find STEM jobs. According to the Census Bureau, more than 11 million Americans with STEM degrees are not employed in STEM jobs—or three in four STEM degree holders. Among recent graduates, about 35 percent of science students, 55 percent of technology students, 20 percent of engineering students, and 30 percent of math students are now working in jobs that don't require any four-year college degree—let alone their area of specialty.”
Sessions made a similar denunciation of Microsoft last year after its first layoff wave.
Follow Blake on Twitter
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@ dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Fort Worth has another barbecue joint, one that's crazy busy and smoking up briskets, sausage and bacon burnt ends almost non-stop. The new restaurant is made more interesting by the fact that it's run by a couple in their mid-20s who are successfully spending nearly 24 hours a day together making their dream a reality.
Emma and Travis Heim opened Heim Barbecue & Catering on Aug. 6 after running a barbecue food truck in Fort Worth for a little over a year.
“It was a lot different, because it was either myself or Emma doing 99 percent of the work for everything in the food truck,” says 27-year-old Travis. “You had that level for just every single thing that we cook. One of the concerns we had opening a restaurant was, can we maintain that level of quality?”
Continue Reading
It appears they can, as crowds are filling the place. Just this past Sunday, they sold out at 7:09 p.m. but kept the bar open for the Rangers, who hadn't lost yet at the time.
“It's been wild. We've been really blessed,” they say. “It's almost more like a manager now. We just don't have the time to cook a 20-hour brisket and do everything else. Our roles have kind of changed: more freedom, it makes it where we can really inspect every detail. It's helped with quality control.”
The couple aims to keep things simple and make people happy.
“We have four ingredients in our brisket rub. It's real simple, but it takes 18 hours to do it,” Travis says. “Our biggest thing is just having that attention to detail.”
“We do everything the hard way,” Emma says, noting how the menu items are from scratch and take time.
They're open to sharing some of their meats with other DFW businesses like Cane Rosso. One patron quietly bought brisket and bacon burnt ends from Heim, and later released a doughnut topped with the barbecue spot's signature dishes.
“We didn't know they were doing that,” Travis says of Brandon Moors' FunkyTown Donuts, the doughnuttier behind the salty-sweet pastry.
“He just came in and bought some brisket and some bacon, and the next day they brought those doughnuts to us,” Emma says. “He'll come in about once a week, pick up a brisket and they'll sell out super fast.”
Emma works front of house while Travis manages the smoking; many of the recipes come from Emma. The couple is currently pulling about 12-hour shifts, they say.
“It's truly relying on each other," says 28-year-old Emma. "You do that in marriage already, but also to bring your own business into it, I know if I'm working, he's working and vice versa. It makes us stronger as a couple for sure. I've really enjoyed it, I think its a huge honor to work with my spouse 24/7.”
“We piss each other off; we have a good relationship where if the briskets aren't good, she's going to tell me that,” Travis says. “Restaurants are so stressful, you're dealing with people all day, their expectations. You really have to lean on each other, and the biggest thing for me knows that they have all of that stuff under control. I don't have to worry about that ... we know that the other person is just working their ass off because they care about it.”
As the couple talks about how they grew up with great families, Travis serving in Kenya and Emma working in India, they say they aim for people to have a good experience in their restaurant.
“You want to do your best to make everyone feel welcome and be inclusive,” Travis says. “You can have really good food, but if you don't have that environment, people aren't going to come back."
Heim Barbecue, 1109 W. Magnolia Ave.
Translated from the original article by Sylvain Deauré. Would you like to see more content covered in French?
Un des mots à la mode en 2016 a été "Serverless" - mais qui sait vraiment ce que cela signifie ? Deux fournisseurs, AWS Lambda et Kubernetes Jobs ont fourni leur solution dans ce domaine, mais...
Je ne suis pas certain que nous ayons un standard clairement défini, qui précise à quoi un système "serverless" doit ressembler ni comment il est censé se comporter.
Voici quelques réflexions personnelles sur ce concept, basées sur ce que j'ai constaté cette année :
A tendance à impliquer des fonctions à courte durée de vie (le timeout par défaut de Lambda est de 1 seconde).
Ne publie pas de services TCP - Accède fréquemment à des ressources ou services tiers.
A tendance à être piloté par des évènements : typiquement, répondre à des webhooks.
Devrait absorber facilement des pointes de trafic.
En dépit du nom, tourne sur des serveurs supportés par une infrastructure fluide, non déterministe.
Quand ça fonctionne bien, permet de cacher de la complexité sous une simplicité apparente.
Est accompagné de plusieurs préoccupations connexes : gestion d'infrastructure, traitement par lots, contrôle d'accès, définitions, mise à l'échelle et dépendances.
Si vous voulez en savoir plus, Martin Fowler tient à jour un Article Bliki sur le concept Serverless (en anglais).
TL;DR?
Foncez sur le guide de démarrage rapide et clonez le code de FaaS sur Github.
Exploiter Docker et le mode Swarm (essaim)
Un ticket a été ouvert sur le dépôt Github de Docker le 23 Juin, juste après que le mode Swarm ait été rendu public : "Le mode Swarm mode devrait supporter les batchs/cron jobs". Il rend compte de la complexité inhérente au support de fonctions "Serverless".
Plutôt que de chercher à résoudre la question "Serverless" dans son ensemble, avec un seul monolithe qui couvre tous les cas, nous pourrions nous concentrer sur un ou deux aspects, comme comment lancer des traitements ad-hoc ou comment fournir une infrastructure fluide.
Parlons de Fonctions en tant que Service (FaaS, Functions as a Service en Anglais).
J'ai travaillé pendant plusieurs semaines avec les fonctions AWS Lambda pour le SDK Alexa, et j'ai fini par en apprécier la simplicité d'utilisation. J'envoie mes fonctions et l'infrastructure d'Amazon s'occupe de lancer mon code quand besoin. Les services gérés comme AWS Lambda sont attirants, parce qu'ils fonctionnent directement et s'intègrent sans douleur avec les autres services comme S3, EC2, Cloudwatch ou encore les Files SNS. Bien que cette intégration ajoute de la valeur, cela conduit aussi à être prisonnier d'un vendeur particulier. Existerait-il d'autres options pour des clouds privés ou hybrides ?
J'ai creusé ce que l'équipe Docker avait présenté sur "Serverless" à la Dockercon 2016 et ai commencé à l'adapter pour créer un équivalent de Lambda qui pourrait tourner sur votre propre matériel en utilisant Docker en mode Swarm.
Mark I - Passerelle d'API
J'avais donc travaillé avec le SDK du service Alexa voice : il permet de définir des compétences pour votre Echo/Dot Amazon. Le SDK transforme l'invocation vocale en une Intention (action) accompagnée d'un certain nombre de Slots (paramètres). Le service Alexa invoque alors un point d'accès HTTPs ou une fonction Lambda avec une structure JSON, et en attend une autre en retour qui sera lue par l'objet connecté d'Amazon.
Cela semblait un bon point de départ pour commencer à démocratiser le projet "Funker" que Ben Frishman avait montré lors de la Dockercon.
Il ne m'a pas fallu longtemps pour comprendre ce que Ben faisait. Le concept de base de Funker était d'ouvrir un port TCP pour accepter une requête unique sous forme de JSON et renvoyer une réponse.
Avantages:
Des librairies sont disponibles en Go, Node.js et Python.
Peut être invoqué par d'autres conteneurs du réseau, comme dans l'exemple de vote dont Ben a fait la démo.
Inconvénients:
Les passerelles doivent être maintenues avec plusieurs langages de programmation différents.
La fonction (le conteneur) est tuée après chaque invocation ce qui rend le système lent.
Tout est manuel - On suppose que les fonctions sont lancées au préalable.
Il n'existe pas de moyen aisé d'interagir avec les fonctions en dehors du réseau (pas de passerelle API ni de reverse-proxy)
Ben a précisé que ce n'était qu'une preuve de concept destinée à agiter les neurones dans la communauté Docker.
Je me suis décidé à résoudre certains de ces problèmes : j'ai assemblé une démonstration complètement fonctionnelle d'une passerelle d'API que j'ai connecté à mon Echo Dot de la maison. J'ai également écrit le code permettant aux fonctions d'exécuter plus d'une requête.
La solution de passerelle API (funker-dispatch) était basée sur Node.js, et pouvait donc tourner sur n'importe quel matériel qui supporte Docker. Pour mon installation j'ai choisi un cluster de Raspberry PI, puisque même en laissant tourner non stop, ça ne coute rien.
Il restait cependant quelques problèmes :
Le moyen de contrôler l'accès aux fonctions ou de catégoriser les différentes requêtes était un peu flou. Ma première tentative pour résoudre ce problème a été services.json.
Je devais toujours maintenir toutes les librairies de Ben Funker et je voulais les modifier pour leur permettre de servir plus d'une requête par instance.
Je voulais soumettre mon travail à la Dockercon en tant que Hack cool ou comme une présentation de haut niveau. Malheureusement, le fait d'avoir construit sur la base de Funker jouait contre ma soumission. Il fallait proposer quelque chose de nouveau.
Mark II - FaaS
J'ai discuté avec Justin Cormack de l'équipe d'ingénieurs de Docker à Cambridge et il a suggéré une variante de l'idée de départ : nous ne ferions tourner que des processus dans les conteneurs, et utiliserions les pipes STDIN/STDOUT à la mode Unix pure pour contrôler les flux. Les sockets TCP ne me plaisaient pas non plus, ils ont donc été remplacés par un serveur HTTP léger.
Cela signifie que nous pouvions créer des fonctions "Serverless" à partir de n'importe quel process, y compris cat . Nous pouvons même les tester avec curl .
Voici donc une proposition pour la nouvelle version de Fonctions en tant que Service en mode Swarm, qui corrige plusieurs des limitations précédentes.
Watchdog de fonction
Chaque conteneur a un processus watchdog qui accepte les requêtes d'une passerelle d'API.
Le watchdog utilise un appel système vers os/exec, il n'y a aucune magie en jeu.
Les paramètres d'entrée sont fournis via le pipe STDIN
La réponse est lue depuis STDOUT
Le watchdog supervise les contraintes de délai.
Les fonctions peuvent être appelées de n'importe quel conteneur dans l'essaim tout comme avec Funker, mais nous optons pour un mécanisme de transport standard : HTTP et JSON. Cela signifie que nous n'aurons à maintenir qu'une seule version du watchdog en Golang.
Passerelle API
La passerelle API est votre point d'accès aux fonctions quand vous exécutez du code en dehors du réseau Swarm. Cela implique aussi que quand vous consommez des évènements comme des POSTs HTTP depuis des sources externes, vous n'avez pas à dupliquer le même code bateau pour fournir un serveur http.
Vous pouvez vous concentrer sur la gestion de l'évènement et son traitement rapide.
Métriques
Puisque le moteur Docker propose une série de métriques au travers du format Prometheus, les FaaS en disposent également - visitez simplement http://localhost:8080/metrics/ .
Les routes sont accessibles de la façon suivante :
/function/{nom-du-service}
Header X-Function avec comme valeur {nom-du-service}
Ou auto-détection pour les Intentions du SDK Alexa qui invoquent le {nom-du-service} du nom de l'Intention des requêtes JSON Alexa.
Cloner le code de faas sur Github
Une fonction démo
Ainsi, pour créer une fonction qui stocke les webhooks, il suffit d'une application toute simple en Go qui écrit dans le répertoire de travail :
package main import ( "fmt" "io/ioutil" "os" "strconv" "time" ) func main() { input, _ := ioutil.ReadAll(os.Stdin) fmt.Println("Stashing request") now := time.Now() stamp := strconv.FormatInt(now.UnixNano(), 10) ioutil.WriteFile(stamp+".txt", input, 0644) }
Ensuite nous construisons un fichier Dockerfile et ajoutons le process watchdog en lui indiquant quoi invoquer :
FROM golang:1.7.3 RUN mkdir -p /go/src/app COPY handler.go /go/src/app WORKDIR /go/src/app RUN go get -d -v RUN CGO_ENABLED=0 GOOS=linux go build -a -installsuffix cgo -o app . COPY fwatchdog /usr/bin/ ENV fprocess="/go/src/app/app" CMD ["fwatchdog"]
Tout semble standard, à l'exception des 3 dernières lignes :
COPY fwatchdog /usr/bin/ ENV fprocess="/go/src/app/app" CMD ["fwatchdog"]
La variable d'environnement fprocess contient l'exécutable à lancer. Cela pourrait être n'importe quoi, y compris un utilitaire bash comme cat ou une application Node.js. Tout ce que ce programme doit faire est lire STDIN.
Si vous suivez toutes les instructions du dépôt Github vous pourrez lancer le webhook stash et l'invoquer comme suit :
# curl -X POST -v -d '{"event": "commit", "repository": "faas", "user": "alexellis"}' localhost:8080/function/webhookstash
Vous pouvez alors trouver l'instance de la fonction avec docker ps et utiliser docker exec pour inspecter le fichier dans lequel la requête a été stockée :
# docker exec webhookstash.1.z054csrh70tgk9s5k4bb8uefq find . |grep .txt ./1373526714243466079.txt
Pourquoi ne pas créer une petite instance sur Digital Ocean pour essayer ça et le connecter à un webhook Github ou Slack ?
Si vous activez le mode expérimental de Docker (en anglais) vous pouvez même suivre les logs de votre service alors qu'il tourne sur d'autres hôtes de votre essaim.
docker service logs webhookstash webhookstash.1.s8q9f2leuhx4@serverless.local.lan | Stashing request webhookstash.2.fd7d4d7d1tp8@serverless.local.lan | Stashing request webhookstash.1.s8q9f2leuhx4@serverless.local.lan | Stashing request
D'autres fonctions
Voici d'autres fonctions exemples :
Une compétence Alexa qui indique le nom d'hôte de la machine qui exécute le code : HostnameIntent
Une compétence Alexa pour trouver le nombre de capitaines Docker et changer la couleur d'une lampe connectée
Une simple fonction qui retourne des informations sur le système d'exploitation NodeInfo
Utiliser un script bash ou un utilitaire système comme cat pour fournir un service d'écho : catservice
Et ensuite ?
Il nous reste à définir les éléments suivants - Plus de détails se trouvent dans le fichier README.md (en anglais).
Comment démarrer les services (fonctions)
Les services ou fonctions peuvent être démarrés à la main, via un docker deploy ou par l'intermédiaire de la passerelle API. Si les services sont démarrés ou lancés par la passerelle API alors des contraintes seront nécessaires, par exemple une liste de services valides.
Comment sécuriser le point d'accès de l'API (si nécessaire)
Le protocole HTTPs devrait être implémenté au niveau de la passerelle API ou via Nginx avec un connecteur SSL.
Les méthodes sont conçues pour être invoquées principalement par le biais de webhooks, donc l'authentification n'est pas forcément nécessaire, mais il faut être plus prudent en ce qui concerne le time out des requêtes.
Comment changer d'échelle
Les métriques sont enregistrées via Prometheus et sont accessibles sur la passerelle API avec /metrics sur HTTP.
Deux modes de mise à l'échelle automatique (auto-scaling) peuvent être envisagés : par Instance et par Infrastructure.
Avec une mise à l'échelle par Instance nous surveillerions le débit et ajusterions le nombre d'instances de fonctions au fur et à mesure de la variation de la demande.
La mise à l'échelle par Infrastructure pourrait tirer parti d'outils récemment publiés en open-source comme Infrakit pour lancer de manière dynamique de nouveaux noeuds en mode Essaim sur AWS, Azure ou des clouds privés.
Clonez le code et testez-le :
Le fichier oneshot.sh clone le dépôt, construit et lance la passerelle ainsi qu'un service "cat" qui renvoie tout contenu que vous lui envoyez.
Votre retour sur twitter serait également apprécié, alors n'hésitez pas à partager :
Créez votre propre fonction
Jetez un coup d'oeil aux exemples et créez votre propre fonction comme la démo WebhookStash ci-dessus.
Dites moi ce que vous avez aimé, ce dont vous avez besoin
Ceci est une preuve de concept - J'ai besoin de votre retour pour savoir ce qui vous plait, ou ce dont vous avez besoin pour que ça vous soit utile.
Vous pourriez également apprécier :
(en anglais)
A propos de la traduction :
Cet article d'Alex Ellis a été traduit de l'anglais vers le français par Sylvain Deauré.
If you're new here, you may want to subscribe to my RSS feed. Thanks for visiting!
Think Your Child Has ADHD?
Try these things first…
Decrease TV Time: Leading Neurologist Dr. Dan Murphy has stated that brain development is primarily driven by kinesthetic input.
That means learning through touch. With today's television and video games, although they are convenient babysitters and do provide auditory and visual stimulation, they offer no kinesthetic input to the brain.
This is so detrimental to brain development it is recommended that children under 2 years old NEVER NEVER NEVER watch television!
These are some of the most important years of brain development in children.
Unplug the Nintendo®: The H in ADHD stands for hyperactivity. Kids need to expend energy. When you were a kid, you played outside until you got tired, then came inside and went to bed.
No TV for 4 hours per night, no video games. With the number of hours kids play video games, there is no longer an outlet for physical energy.
Kids are getting fatter, and less intelligent than previous generations. Reading no longer seems like an option.
In a recent study done at Harvard, the vocabulary of 15 year olds was measured (the yardstick of the intelligence of a population). In 1950 it was 15,000 words. In the late 1990's it was only 10,000 words!
Feed your child a vegetable! Today's processed foods are laced with food additives. Two of the most dangerous to a child are MSG and Aspartame (Nutrasweet®).
They are both known neurotoxins. That translates to: THEY CAUSE NERVE DEATH! Your brain and nerve system are the most vital part of your body.
Why would you pollute what God gave you with substances that are slowly killing it? Aspartame should be absolutely avoided in small children when brain development is happening at its fastest.
Get this ADHD Report http://tinyurl.com/ADHDhelp
For Your Better Health,
Dr. David Hackbart
Tara's husband is able to get Baby C settled down with a bottle of expressed breast milk, but their first day proves to be a long and busy one.
At three weeks old, a baby can nurse as frequently as every hour throughout the day and night. Tara fits in nursing Baby C when they can during the workday. They know from experience with their first baby that once they are back at the office, they will have difficulty finding the time to pump.
Tara also feels lucky to be able to work from home for now.
But working from home, with a nursing baby, does have some occupational hazards.
Luckily, Baby C missed the laptop.
Tara's job entails a lot of time on the phone and on Internet chat with clients around the country. When their husband has to step out one day (I later learned that this “errand” was to attend a funeral), things get chaotic.
Tara finds that some of their clients are stunned when they realize they are back at work when their baby is so young.
California is one of three states in the U.S. (along with Rhode Island and New Jersey) that have implemented paid-family-leave laws. A national-level program called The FAMILY Act has also been proposed by Kirsten Gillibrand, a Democratic senator from New York.
The existing state programs vary in the details, but they follow a basic insurance model: Employees (and in New Jersey, employers as well) pay regularly into a fund built onto the state's temporary disability-insurance program. When workers take leave for births, adoptions, sick relatives, or their own illnesses, they are paid out at a percentage of their typical income.
Implemented in 2004, California's program, called the Paid Family Leave Act (PFL), is the oldest of these programs. It is funded by employee contributions, and provides 55 percent of wage replacement for up to six weeks. 1.7 million California PFL claims were filed from 2004 to March 2015; the vast majority of these claims were made by new parents.
I ask Tara if their family could afford a leave in which only 55 percent of their income were replaced.
Prior to the passage of PFL, the California Chamber of Commerce put the bill at the top of its list of “job killer” legislation and convened other business groups to oppose the bill. The group warned of the “cost and burden for all California employers, especially small employers.” A spokesperson for the CalChamber estimated that the law would cost California employers $2.5 billion a year.
So far, these predictions have not materialized. A 2011 study looked at the business impacts of the first six years of the California PFL program. About 90 percent of firms surveyed reported that the law had neutral or positive effect on “productivity, profit, morale, and costs.” The study noted the “surprising” finding that “small firms reported even fewer problems than large firms.” The California study also found that use of PFL had “a positive effect on [workers'] ability to arrange child care” and that it “doubled the median duration of breastfeeding for all new mothers who used it.”
A former pilot has launched a gadget that transforms the humble paper aeroplane into a remote controlled aircraft that can be steered by a smartphone.
Called PowerUp 3.0, the battery-powered unit has a propeller on one end and a reception on the other.
It can be fitted to any paper aeroplane and then controlled by a smartphone app, letting users adjust the direction of the plane by tilting their phone.
Scroll down for video
A former pilot from Israel has created a gadget for paper planes. The plane is driven and controlled by a mobile phone app (shown). Entrepreneur Shai Goitein came up with the idea after spending 15 years behind the controls of aeroplanes as a cargo pilot
Entrepreneur Shai Goitein came up with the idea after spending 15 years behind the controls of aeroplanes as a cargo pilot.
Mr Goitein, 44, says they had a eureka moment while teaching youngsters the basic principals of aerodynamics using paper aeroplanes, and set about inventing a device to control them with.
The result is the PowerUp 3.0, which can fly for 10 minutes at a time, and has a range of 180ft (55 metres) using Bluetooth technology.
HOW THE SMART PLANE WORKS Fold It: Simply fold a piece of copier paper into a paper airplane Attach It: Attach the Smart Module to your paper plane with the patented clips underneath the Smart Module. Connect It: Start the app to connect to the Smart Module with your iPhone. Fly It: Push throttle to full and launch the paper airplane high up into the sky. Tilt your smartphone to the left or to the right to steer your plane, increase or reduce throttle to go up or down.
Mr Goitein, from Haifa, Israel, said: 'PowerUp 3.0 combines the simplicity of classic hand-folded paper aeroplanes with state-of-the-art Bluetooth technology.
'It transforms a paper glider into a high performance and easy-to-fly remote-controlled aircraft, capable of flying for more than 10 consecutive minutes.
'PowerUp 3.0 allows enthusiasts to enjoy all the features of more expensive remote-controlled gadgets, but with their own folded creations - all made from standard paper, no less,'
Mr Goitein explains that with a smartphone and the PowerUp app, users can alter the engine thrust and change the pitch of the upgraded paper plane.
They can also move the (rudder) of the plane left and right to steer it through the air.
The PowerUp 3.0 is a simple battery-powered unit with a propeller on one end and a receiver on the other than can be fitted to any paper aeroplane. The plane can then be controlled by a smartphone app which allows the user to adjust its direction by tilting their phone. It can be charged via a USB cable (shown)
'All over the world, paper planes are a source of joy, yet they have their own limitations - they can't fly for more than a few seconds, and there's no way to control their flight path,' they continue.
'PowerUp Toys connect past time origami classics with cutting-edge technology.
'They create a gravity-defying experience that takes flight to its roots.
'In the age of 50-tonne airships it's easy to feel like flight is something that's best left alone to pros and to engineers but it's not.
'Our goal is to make you feel like the Wright brothers when Flyer I took to the skies.
'Our mission is to bring the magic of flight to everyone by combining timeless home-made toys with cutting-edge technology.'
Over the years there have been a few compact cars pop up with over the top amounts of negative camber.
Usually it's a one-off car built for shock and awe that vanishes into obscurity never to be seen again. Prior to being directed @autoji‘s instagram page never had I seen so many of these shock value cars in one place.
This seems to have originally started as a joke but now it's hard to tell if things are still a joke, or they actually do like their cars set up like this.
I highly doubt these see much use outside of shows but I must admit I was fairly surprised to see them move much at all as the videos below illustrate exactly how much audible protest a car is capable of making being driven with near -60 degrees of camber.
If this is the direction things are ultimately headed with this whole aggressive fitment thing I do believe we have may have jumped the shark.
What do you think?
Release v5.1.2. (Changelog)
webargs is a Python library for parsing and validating HTTP request objects, with built-in support for popular web frameworks, including Flask, Django, Bottle, Tornado, Pyramid, webapp2, Falcon, and aiohttp.
from flask import Flask from webargs import fields from webargs.flaskparser import use_args app = Flask ( __name__ ) hello_args = { "name" : fields . Str ( required = True )} @app.route ( "/" ) @use_args ( hello_args ) def index ( args ): return "Hello " + args [ "name" ] if __name__ == "__main__" : app . run () # curl http://localhost:5000/\?name\='World' # Hello World
Webargs will automatically parse:
Query Parameters
$ curl http://localhost:5000/\?name\='Freddie' Hello Freddie
Form Data
$ curl -d 'name=Brian' http://localhost:5000/ Hello Brian
JSON Data
$ curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{"name":"Roger"}' http://localhost:5000/ Hello Roger
and, optionally:
Headers
Cookies
Files
Paths
Why Use It¶ Simple, declarative syntax . Define your arguments as a mapping rather than imperatively pulling values off of request objects.
. Define your arguments as a mapping rather than imperatively pulling values off of request objects. Code reusability . If you have multiple views that have the same request parameters, you only need to define your parameters once. You can also reuse validation and pre-processing routines.
. If you have multiple views that have the same request parameters, you only need to define your parameters once. You can also reuse validation and pre-processing routines. Self-documentation . Webargs makes it easy to understand the expected arguments and their types for your view functions.
. Webargs makes it easy to understand the expected arguments and their types for your view functions. Automatic documentation . The metadata that webargs provides can serve as an aid for automatically generating API documentation.
. The metadata that webargs provides can serve as an aid for automatically generating API documentation. Cross-framework compatibility . Webargs provides a consistent request-parsing interface that will work across many Python web frameworks.
. Webargs provides a consistent request-parsing interface that will work across many Python web frameworks. marshmallow integration. Webargs uses marshmallow under the hood. When you need more flexibility than dictionaries, you can use marshmallow Schemas to define your request arguments.
The details in the Senate report on Central Intelligence Agency torture, released today, are shocking. But don't expect anyone to be held responsible. The only person the Obama administration has prosecuted in connection with the torture program is a man who revealed its existence to the media.
Much of the information in the report is new to the public, but a lot of it would have been uncovered during a detailed torture investigation Attorney General Eric Holder conducted during President Obama's first term. After carefully examining the evidence, Holder decided not to prosecute anyone for the CIA's torture. "The department has declined prosecution because the admissible evidence would not be sufficient to obtain and sustain a conviction beyond a reasonable doubt," Holder said when they dropped investigations into two torture-related deaths in 2012.
That seems consistent with Obama's own views on the subject. Asked about investigating CIA torture in 2009, Obama replied that "it's important to look forward and not backwards." Obama admitted that "we tortured some folks" earlier this year, but they didn't call for those responsible to be punished.
But the Obama administration has had a different attitude when it comes to those who revealed the existence of the CIA torture program. In 2012, the Obama administration charged former CIA official John Kiriakou for leaking classified information related to the torture program to reporters. Threatened with decades in prison, Kiriakou was forced to plead guilty and accepted a 30-month prison sentence. He's in prison right now.
Obama has vowed to "use my authority as president to make sure we never resort to those methods again." But prosecuting people who revealed the program, instead of the people responsible, makes it more likely that abuses like this will happen again.
One betrothed couple really wants to document every aspect of their wedding day. And we mean every aspect.
A couple from Madison, Wisconsin, posted an ad on Craigslist in search for someone who can photograph their special day, and then some. They asked for a photographer to capture the whole of the wedding and the post-nuptial coitus.
But that's not the only, er, interesting thing about this request. Not only will it be their first night together as a married couple, but it will be their first time having sex period.
They make a good point. It's probably going to be awkward no matter what, so why not throw a third party into the mix to provide photographic evidence? That way you can look back and see how much you've grown as a couple. Also, when you are old and wrinkly you can be reminded of when you were in your prime.
Look, if you've ever sent a unsolicited dick pic you have no right to judge.
We wish them the best — in finding a photographer and with the sex stuff.
Arlington police arrested a teenager Thursday in connection with a single-vehicle fatal car crash that took place earlier this month.
James Henry Samora, 17, was arrested and charged with manslaughter and aggravated assault with serious bodily injury for the death of 17-year-old Michael Rowlls and the critical injury of a passenger in their car.
Crash investigators said Samora was speeding on the morning of May 6 when they crashed their Ford Mustang into a grove of trees in southeast Arlington.
The car left the roadway and came to rest in a wooded area adjacent to where Winter Pass Trail curves sharply through Lynn Creek Linear Park.
Rescuers were able to quickly pull Samora from the damaged vehicle, but the surviving passenger had to be extricated from the wreckage.
Samora is being held on $20,000 bond at the Arlington City Jail.
The Volvo S60/V60 has been with us since 2011, and the wonderful Polestar model since 2014, but it appears there's still some life left in the old girl. Volvo announced Friday that it's installing a 367-hp turbo and supercharged inline-four in the S60 and V60 Polestar. It's also doubling production to 1500 cars, which will reach the U.S. this summer as 2017 models.
Previously, the Polestar used a modified version of the 3.0-liter turbocharged inline-six found in lesser Volvo models, which made 345 horsepower in the Polestar models. Typically, the death of an inline-six is a disappointing affair, but the twincharged inline-four might be an improvement in this case. It makes a bit more power, and it also helped Volvo shave 44 lbs off the six-cylinder car. Even more crucially, the car 53 lbs pounds lighter over the front axle, which should improve handling balance noticeably.
Volvo
The drivetrain in the old Polestar was sort of odd in that the inline-six was mounted transversely, which isn't great for handling balance. The new four will still be mounted transversely, but it'll keep more of its weight closer to the center. Torque is slightly lower with the four compared with the six: 347 lb-ft to the six's 369 lb-ft.
Volvo didn't just remap the ECU to make more power out of its inline-four either. The updated Polestar gets a bigger turbo, new connecting rods, a new camshaft, a bigger intake, and a beefier fuel pump. Volvo claims the cars will run from 0-62 mph in 4.7 seconds. An eight-speed auto replaces the old car's six-speed and power will still be sent to all four wheels.
Volvo
It appears Volvo's added a secret Sport+ mode to the Polestar as well, per an Instagram post by Motor Trend. Activating the mode involves moving the shifter over to Sport, and holding it forward while pulling the downshift paddle twice. This changes the throttle response and shift points and keeps the exhaust valves open. It's like a cheat code, in real life.
We're already big fans of the outgoing S60 and V60 Polestar, so the possibility of an even better-handling version has us pretty excited. In any case, Volvo should be applauded for continuing to offer this fantastic blue.
Also, twincharging is rad: Just ask the Lancia Delta S4.
Volvo
This post was last updated at 1:35 p.m. ET to reflect information of the Sport+ mode.
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.
Update: The listing has now been taken offline, perhaps because it went live earlier than intended or because it was a mistake in the first place. We'll report back when we have further information.
Original Story: A new Amazon listing has gone live for something related to the Metal Gear series, though it's unclear at this point what it is.
Most of the listing (discovered by Reddit) is full of placeholder information, including a release date of December 31, 2016. Possibly the only bit of worthwhile info is the name, and even that--Metal Gear Solid: V Definitive Ex--is frustratingly vague.
The natural assumption is this is a definitive edition of The Phantom Pain game that includes Ground Zeroes and perhaps TPP's cosmetic multiplayer DLC. But the name being Definitive Ex, as opposed to Definitive Ed, calls into question if that's what this is. We don't even know for sure that this is a game.
This is listed in the video game section of Amazon, but there's no image of what it is. Its media type is listed as a CD-ROM, though that, too, is in all likelihood a placeholder.
We've followed up with Konami to see if it will comment on what this listing is for and will report back with anything we learn.
About
Remember, this is the beta of this book. Whether you like the book or not, I would love your feedback. Please spread the word!
https://www.createspace.com/Preview/1107476
My name is Grover Rockwood. I am an anthropomorphism enthusiast and writer.
“The World of Sopho – The Silver Pup” is a Science Fiction/Fantasy series about a Lupus (Wolf) pup, Zenas. Zenas only knows the cold streets of New springs, where they and the other street kids in their group fight to survive every day. But while trying to find medicine to save the life of another street kid, Zenas is plunged into events that will change their lives forever.
The World of Sopho has been an idea I've been planning since high school, but never got serious with the idea until about five years ago. The story combines the elements of science fiction with its advanced technology, and the elements of fantasy with its magic and anthropomorphic nature. I've always loved mixing the two genre together and believe it gives the reader a richer, more complex experience.
With your support, I will have all the resources needed to release the book by the middle of December.
I'm not going to make anyone blindly support a book they've never read before, from an author they've never heard of until now. This is why everyone will be able to download and read the beta draft of “The World of Sopho – The Silver Pup” and decide for themselves if they want to support this novel.
I'm also giving you the chance to read every book before everyone else while they are still in Alpha and Beta drafts. Only those who support this kickstarter will be Alpha/Beta readers. Donate one hundred dollars or more and you will be immortalized in each and every book of the series.
Image caption The US authorities want Mr Naseer to face trial
The alleged leader of an al-Qaeda plot to bomb British and US targets, who won the right to stay in the UK, has been remanded in custody.
Abid Naseer appeared in court on Wednesday after the United States issued a warrant for their arrest.
The US Justice Department has linked a failed plot to bomb the New York subway to the alleged UK conspiracy.
The hearing was adjourned until 14 July to allow Mr Naseer to consult lawyers over a possible bail application.
A Home Office spokesperson said a full extradition request must be received and submitted to court within 65 days.
Another hearing was set for 8 September, when a judge will decide if Mr Naseer, 24, can be extradited. Home Secretary Theresa May will have the final say.
'Significant threat'
Mr Nasser appeared at the City of Westminster Magistrates' Court on Wednesday night, accused of planning attacks on Manchester city centre and communicating with al-Qaeda leaders behind the plot.
Mr Naseer, who used to live in Manchester, is also accused of conspiracy to use a destructive device.
Melanie Cumberland, for the US government, said they were alleged to have been an al-Qaeda operative who was motivated by "deeply held religious beliefs".
They said: "The conspiracy was co-ordinated by al-Qaeda leaders in Pakistan. The targets were in the US and in the UK.
"Mr Naseer's particular involvement in the conspiracy is alleged to be that they and a number of associates prepared to carry out attacks between 15 and 20 April in Manchester city centre."
Setting out US objections to any future bail application, Miss Cumberland said Mr Nasser was a "key part" of the UK conspiracy and posed a "significant threat" to the national security of the UK.
The US believes senior figures in al-Qaeda had co-ordinated both operations from Pakistan.
Suspects on the run
In the US, Mr Naseer will be accused of conspiring alongside other al-Qaeda suspects to bomb the New York subway system last year.
Senior officials in the US said the plot was one of the most dangerous since the 9/11 terror attacks.
Two men have admitted planning to detonate home-made suicide bombs and a third is waiting for trial.
Several suspects remain on the run, possibly along the border between Pakistan and Afghanistan.
Confirming their arrest on Wednesday, a Metropolitan Police spokesperson said: "Naseer's extradition is sought by the United States government for the purposes of standing trial."
Mr Nasser was arrested last April as part of a massive counter-terrorism operation in Liverpool and Manchester.
Deportation blocked
They were among 10 Pakistani nationals arrested.
The security services believed the men were planning to attack within days of their arrest, but Mr Naseer was not charged.
The government attempted to deport them and a second man, Ahmed Faraz Khan, 26, to Pakistan, but a judge blocked it on the grounds they could be tortured or face death in Pakistan.
Mr Naseer won their appeal to stay in the UK in May although the Special Immigration Appeals Commission (Siac) said it believed Mr Naseer had posed a serious threat to national security.
It found they had been sending e-mails to an "al-Qaeda operative" in Pakistan - the e-mails were said to be at the heart of a plot to bomb targets in north-west England.
But Mr Justice Mitting said it would be wrong to return them to Pakistan.
At the time, Home Secretary Theresa May said they were disappointed but would not be appealing against the ruling.
They said: "We are now taking all possible measures to ensure they do not engage in terrorist activity."
The coalition government later announced it was to create a commission to review the UK's Human Rights Act.
Vote on 2013 edition here:http://www.imdb.com/list/hHNMXpERAtM/
You can see this list in video format here:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RRUyYsCModI
For 2012 results visit this link: http://www.imdb.com/list/q-fT6xhq6Y0/#1
This is the final list of a voting poll that lasted a little over six months: http://www.imdb.com/list/U7N2lE3CjUE 1203 people including me voted on this poll. Votes of those that voted for the actores they were not list are not counted, same thing with those that voted for the actores that were younger then 21 or older then 40 and same for those that had same actor twice in their top 10.
List starts with #100 and finish with #1. For those who doesn't like the results and have not voted, all I can say vote next time.
Tiebreakers were decided: 1. who has more first place votes 2. who has more voters in total 3. my opinion
I wish to one more time thank all man and women that voted, supported(on facebook or some other way) or just visited this poll during this past six moths, also thanks for all positive comments on final list.
Hope you will join me again sometime near the end of June when I will post new poll for 2012. I'm hoping that we can make this poll a annual thing. There will be some changes, but the principle will be the same. You will be notified on this or that other list in due time. Also I have to mention that many people took my idea and started with all sorts of different voting lists. I support all of them except those that are basically copy of my poll.
Here I will also mention five actores that were close to TOP 100 but didn't make it in the end: #101 Sarah Shahi 144 points #102 Astrid Bergès-Frisbey 142 points #103 Isla Fisher 141 points #104 Deborah Ann Woll 139 points #105 Emily Deschanel 138 points
Visit facebook page for all updates on this year's poll and to see more pictures of your favorite actores
Scott Nicholson, a professor at Wilfrid Laurier University in Kitchener, runs the institution's game design and development program. They argue the proliferation of board games in the digital age came about not in spite of the Internet, but largely because of it. In an era when smart phones, social media and videogames dominate social interaction and digital sales charts, how have board games not only survived but thrived?
Left to right: Jane Swaine, Geraldo Neto and Corinna Howard join others in playing a special edition game of Catan at A-Game Cafe. ( Nick Kozak / TORONTO STAR ) Scott Nicholson runs Wilfrid Laurier University's game design and development program. A player's hand in the game Cards Against Humanity. ( Tom Bullock )
We're physical beings and we like touch and we like that tangibility, especially when engaging in shared activities. Companies are trying to replicate that by creating screens that vibrate when you touch them to try to give the person some sort of tactile feedback, but in a tabletop world you have that feedback right away. Handing someone cards, rolling dice, moving pieces on a board — these bring that game to life in a way that never happens if it's just on the screen. Related: Burgeoning board-game café culture makes Toronto king of analogue play
Article Continued Below
What about the face-to-face social aspect of board games? It's a more human form of engagement than screens. And social elements make odds-based games a lot more fun, like how poker has bluffing. A key part is that most German, or “Eurogames” (a style of tabletop strategy game like Catan with simpler rules, shorter playing time and indirect player competition), do not have player elimination. That's unlike the more combative, longer, luck-dependent games that are in the “Ameritrash” vein (like Risk or Axis & Allies). If you think of Monopoly, you play until everyone but one person is eliminated. That's not very fun for a social activity. What sparked the board game renaissance of the past 15 years? Settlers of Catan was the breakout game. For whatever reason, it became the magic that launched people into realizing that there were games out there that were not this sort of standard, destroy-everyone, player-elimination games that they had been used to.
How has the Internet affected this evolution? Before the web, I was using Usenet, which was like a discussion board, to learn about new games, to import them from Germany, to get rules and begin to play them. Because of the Internet in the 1990s, we began to see more crossover and getting games over from Germany.
Article Continued Below
Is there an app for that now? Actually, the second wave of innovation has occurred because of tablets, tablet gaming and apps. Games like Ticket to Ride and other tabletop games have had app-based distribution. These are allowing people to try out the games at a much lower price point than to buy them in cardboard. The app might be $5 to $10; the game in cardboard might be $50. These companies that are putting up apps are actually seeing an uptick in their tabletop game sales. What else has contributed to board games' popularity? The designs behind the board game have made them more accessible. New styles of games in the German mode have opened up co-operative gaming, so you can be working with everyone against the game. Or team-based games, where you're working in a team against another team. People often come into a cafe looking to play their childhood favourites — Clue, Scrabble, Connect Four, Sorry, Pictionary — but then kind of graduate to newer games. Germany keeps popping up as integral to board game development. Can you elaborate? After World War II, Germany didn't encourage military toys for their kids, so they began to create games that were more based on economics, trading and other ways of engaging with each other. And in the U.S., they were getting very strong in creating military games. The Spiel Des Jahres (Game of the Year) award, where the media vote on which game families should buy for Christmas, came about in Germany and got designers focused on games for families to enjoy. Through the '80s and '90s there was great improvement in board game design in Germany, while in North America we were very stagnant and creating more of the same — Scrabble, Clue, those sorts of things. Top games The most popular board games are still the classics, with the exception of the made-to-shock runaway success Cards Against Humanity, according to Snakes & Lattes. Here's their nonscientific run-down of games enjoying peak popularity. Top game: Cards Against Humanity Top game among hobbyists: Catan Top Canadian-designed game: Lanterns
One of the biggest Indian defence deals with Russia worth around $25 billion for 127 fifth generation fighter aircraft (FGFA) might not see the light of the day as the Indian Air Force (IAF) has cited differences with Russia, flagging at least 15 objections to the programme, the New Indian Express reported.
The report notes of an internal communication letter that was sent to the ministry of defence from air headquarters in March 2016 with at least 15 objections in the Indo-Russian project to co-develop India's FGFA. The letter shows how the IAF is critical of the project, which can be unsafe for its pilots in future. Only some objections have been leaked out to the media, including those that state the current FGFA project has unreliable engine, poor stealth features, deficient radar and cost over-run.
A highly placed source told the publication that "only a political call" can save this project.
The report also mentions that the IAF has been wary of Russia not offering its pilots access to the developed prototypes (Sukhoi T-50 PAK-FA).
It is important to know that New Delhi too is equally bearing the project cost for its preliminary design. India has already spent Rs 1,500 crore on the programme.
As per an inter-governmental agreement (IGA), the Hindustan Aeronautics Limited (HAL) is the implementation organisation from the Indian side, but the IAF is apprehensive about Russia not being eager to share the critical design work.
The next step in the programme is the signing of the $6 billion research and development contract, which will need India to fund an additional $6 billion, a move that will need Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar to take a call during the Defence Acquisition Council meeting.
The IAF has its own issues, given the fact that the current NDA government cancelled the Medium Multi-Role Combat Aircraft (MMRCA) tender for 126 aircraft and opted for 36 Rafale jets instead. The IAF is reeling under the problem of depleting fighter squadrons strength from the authorised 42 to current 34, it could take about eight years for delivery of FGFA to IAF from the start of the research and development contract, the report noted.
Frontier Airlines, the Denver-based airline which began service out of New Castle County Airport last year , will suspend all service out of the local airport by April. A Frontier spokesperson described the service cuts as “seasonal,” but refused to elaborate. (Photo: AP file)
Apparently flying out of Philly isn't so silly, after all.
Frontier Airlines, which began service out of New Castle Airport last year to great fanfare, will suspend all service out of the local airport by April.
Meanwhile, the Denver-based airline will begin offering similar routes from Philadelphia International Airport next month.
In October, Frontier, which previously ran advertisements saying "flying out of Philly is silly," cut service from Delaware to Chicago-Midway, Denver, Atlanta and Fort Myers, Florida.
Detroit flights from Delaware had already ended.
The airline is only flying to Orlando currently out of Delaware. Tampa flights are expected to resume Dec. 20 through April.
In an email, Frontier spokesperson Todd Lehmacher described the New Castle service cuts as "seasonal" but refused to elaborate.
"Our plan calls for a seasonal suspension of Wilmington service in April 2015," Lehmacher said. "We have not yet announced our intentions beyond that time."
"Certain routes have not shown the strength necessary to justify year-round service," they added.
Stephen Williams, director of airports for the Delaware River & Bay Authority, which operates New Castle Airport, said they were "disappointed" by the news.
Williams said they expect Frontier to resume service in the fall of 2015 or sooner to Tampa and Orlando "at a minimum."
"We are pleased that Frontier will continue to serve Wilmington seasonally in the future. Obviously, we would have preferred an announcement of an expansion of service, but we understand that they are limiting Wilmington - ILG to seasonal service now in order to build for the future," Williams said in a prepared statement.
Frontier planned to begin flights from Philadelphia to Miami, Orlando and Tampa on Dec. 20. Routes to Atlanta, Charlotte and Chicago-O'Hare will begin in the spring, Frontier said earlier.
Frontier began offering flights out of New Castle in the summer of 2013 for as cheap as $49, bringing commercial service back to Delaware.
Skybus Airlines offered commercial service briefly out of New Castle but ended flights in 2008. Delta also flew commercial out of Delaware but suspended service in 2007.
Alan Levin, director of the Delaware Economic Development Office, was still somewhat optimistic for Frontier. But they said the airline must show some commitment to Delaware if it wants to grow business here.
"They have told us this is seasonal," Levin said of the cuts. "There may be some optimism there. Truthfully, it's very hard to establish a business when it continually changes. If they want to get some traction, they've got to put roots down.​"
An airport worker who would not give their name for fear of losing their job said the cutbacks have meant job cuts and far lower levels of business inside the airport.
They hope the service cuts will only be seasonal. But Frontier's waning commitment to Delaware has led to uncertainty, they said.
"One day you could walk in and they won't be there," they said.
Contact Jonathan Starkey at 983-6756, on Twitter @jwstarkey or at jstarkey@delawareonline.com.
Read or Share this story: http://delonline.us/1vGA924
Kurdish female fighter treating an injured ISIS militant who was taken as a hostage by the SDF
US general visit to Syrian Kurds will not change much: analysts
US repeats: we do not recognize Kurdish local administrations in Syria
US coalition bombs ISIS positions in support of Kurdish-led SDF near Raqqa
US refuses to cooperate with Russia in Raqqa campaign, says its forces only work with SDF in anti-ISIS operations
ARA News
QAMISHLI – U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) released a video showing a Kurdish female fighter from the SDF treating an injured militant form the Islamic State (ISIS).
The militant was injured during clashes between the SDF and ISIS in northern Raqqa, before the Kurdish-Arab alliance of the SDF took them and several other members of ISIS as hostages.
“Do not kill him. Let's treat their wounds for now,” a Kurdish female fighter asks fellow SDF members in the video.
Over a dozen of ISIS militants were captured by the SDF north of Raqqa on Wednesday, where the western-backed fighters made new gains in their war on ISIS. Raqqa is deemed a de-facto capital for the ISIS alleged Caliphate in Syria.
ISIS hostages are usually exchanged with fighters and civilian activists held by the radical group.
Reporting by: Ahmed Shiwesh
Source: ARA News
CLOSE Attorneys representing MCSO acknowledged to a federal judge there were missteps and deficiencies in the gathering of evidence at the home of Charley Armendariz, who committed suicide in May.
Sheriff Joe Arpaio. (Photo: 12 News)
A federal lawsuit that has already cost Maricopa County Sheriff's Office millions in a court-imposed policy overhaul may soon lead to payouts for victims of racially motivated policing.
In the nearly two years since a federal judge found that Maricopa County Sheriff's deputies routinely discriminated against Latinos during immigration-enforcement efforts, the agency has been forced to spend $30 million in an attempt to end the unconstitutional practices.
The ruling by U.S. District Court Judge G. Murray Snow was the result of a successful class-action lawsuit leveled against Sheriff Joe Arpaio. The plaintiffs did not ask for monetary damages, but called for big-ticket remedies, including a court-appointed monitor and recording devices for deputies.
RELATED: Arpaio attorneys seek settlement, not contempt hearing
RELATED: Federal judge's order confirms scheduled contempt hearing for Arpaio
Snow has indicated there may be more expenses to come should the six-term sheriff be found in contempt of the court. Snow has repeatedly blasted the agency's brass for defying their orders and this month followed through on their threat to order a civil contempt hearing, currently slated for April 21-24.
During a hearing last week, Snow and attorneys discussed the possibility of establishing a compensation fund for people who were unlawfully detained by deputies after the judge explicitly barred them from doing so in an earlier 2011 ruling.
"We know there was a significant amount of them, that they were picked up after the preliminary injunction or held longer ... and that would be a violation of the order," said plaintiffs' attorney Dan Pochoda with the American Civil Liberties Union of Arizona. "The problem we have is being able to identify any of those people."
Lawsuit fines are paid out by the county's insurance policy, which is funded by taxpayers.
Defying an order
On Dec. 23, 2011, months before the civil-rights trial began, Snow issued a preliminary injunction that precluded deputies from detaining any person "only on knowledge or reasonable belief, without more, that the person is unlawfully present within the United States."
But Snow said it's recently become apparent to them that their order did little to thwart the practice.
After a former deputy committed suicide last May, investigators unearthed a stash of stolen ID cards and license plates, as well as evidence that the deputy, Ramon "Charley" Armendariz, had been recording many of their traffic stops.
NEWSLETTERS Get the AZ Memo newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Get the pulse of Arizona -- Local news, in-depth state coverage and what it all means for you Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-332-6733. Delivery: Mon-Fri Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for AZ Memo Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
RELATED: Judge blasts Arpaio, office for lax internal investigation
RELATED: Former deputy recorded thousands of own traffic stops
RELATED: 18 crime stories that shocked Arizona in 2014
The revelation prompted the discovery of thousands more recordings that revealed the immigration-enforcement agenda persisted months after the order.
Sheriff's officials have corroborated this evidence, as Snow points out in their recent contempt hearing directive.
"[T]he Armendariz videotapes resulted in administrative interviews with MCSO personnel that have apparently revealed that Defendants, as a matter of regular practice and operation, continued actively enforcing federal immigration law by conducting immigration interdiction operations, and detaining persons after officers concluded that there was not criminal law basis for such detention," they wrote.
Sheriff's officials do not deny this allegation, defense attorney Tom Liddy said.
"It was the MCSO that discovered it and reported it to the monitor and to the court immediately," they said in a phone interview Friday.
Snow has outlined the sheriff's defiance as one of the three broad topics for the contempt hearings.
Sheriff's officials will also have to answer why they did not disclose all relevant information during pre-trial proceedings, and why Arpaio's aides failed to properly follow Snow's May orders to quietly collect audio and video-recording devices from deputies.
Payout for victims?
At a Thursday hearing, Snow asked attorneys whether compensation issues stemming from the preliminary injunction would warrant a separate class-action damage case against the county.
Plaintiff's attorney Cecillia Wang from the ACLU's Immigrants' Rights Project mentioned the possibility of a compensation fund for victims, to be paid out by the defendants. Wang said they believed it would be more efficient to keep the possibility within the confines of Snow's court.
There's a compensation aspect to any contempt finding, Pochoda explained Friday. What makes this case problematic is the unknown number of victims and the inherent difficulties in locating someone outside U.S. borders.
One of the popular mechanisms for dealing with those kinds of issues is a compensation fund — essentially a pot of money that can be tapped for years after a settlement, as victims come forward. Similar methods have been used after natural and human disasters like the 2010 BP oil spill and the 9/11 terrorist attacks, Pochoda said.
There is no exact formula for identifying victims.
Some may present documents that they were detained and had criminal charges dropped or never filed; some may report that they were brought by deputies to U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement.
Pochoda said plaintiffs' attorneys have issued a number of records and discovery requests to the Sheriff's Office to try to identify victims who were detained from the day after the preliminary injunction and on.
Liddy said locating the victims is a "high priority for the sheriff," as well.
"He has directed MCSO personnel to do that," they said.
On Thursday, as Snow mulled over the possibility of a settlement rather than contempt hearing, the judge indicated that victim compensation would be a key element to any final determination.
Snow said their ultimate goal was to ensure compliance from the defendants in the future, and has often wondered aloud whether civil-contempt remedies will be sufficient. A criminal-contempt hearing, they have often said, may be more appropriate.
However, they said Thursday, "I don't want to refer this matter to criminal-contempt hearing if I can have adequate remedies for the victims in this case."
Read or Share this story: http://azc.cc/1AyahBW
Jan 17, 2018 Added couple of tools for work with image sprite sheets. GIF to sprite converter allows you to convert animated images to sprite sheets, while sprite sheet cutter can do the opposite - slice sprite and generate individual images or animated GIF.
Dec 28, 2017 Ezgif now supports one more animated image format - MNG. You can edit MNG files directly or convert them to APNG or GIF.
Oct 11, 2017 GIF repair tool for fixing corrupt or incomplete files, and undoing optimizations some other software may not fully support.
Sep 28, 2017 Today we added Vignette and Polaroid filters to our GIF effects tool.
And max size for GIFs was increased to 30MB.
Jul 3, 2017 Just set up one more server. This time we're trying out AMD Ryzen 7 processor, hoping to see speed improvements. So far looking great :)
Jun 6, 2017 Google Chrome 59 has arrived, bringing animated PNG support to the masses. Time to make some APNGs! https://ezgif.com/apng-maker
Feb 2, 2017 Now you can use ezgif to create, convert and edit animated PNG (APNG) images. https://ezgif.com/help/making-animated-png
Dec 13, 2016 Most of our tools now also support WebP format.
You can make WebP animations in a similar way as GIFs, using WebP maker or Video to WebP converter, or upload existing ones to use with our tools like crop, resize and rotate.
Nov 19, 2016 We recently updated the effects section. Now there are more color filters and new option to add second counter (it shows the elapsed time in seconds making it easy to undestand where a looping GIF starts and ends). And you can change the number of times to repeat animation.
Until now the story of human prosperity has been all about cheap, abundant energy. However, something big has been happening. For the first time in history, we are growing richer while using less energy. That is unalloyed good news for budgets, incomes and the planet. We have reached a technological tipping point.
From the middle ages, living standards just edged up at a snail's pace, and we did little damage to the planet, because growing forests absorbed carbon from wood burning. The population was small. We led lives that were, in Hobbes' phrase, “nasty, brutish and short”. Then we started burning coal on a large scale in the 18th century, and the industrial revolution made the graph look like a hockey stick: suddenly incomes were doubling in decades, following centuries of stability. After allowing for inflation, real GDP in England and Wales doubled from 1830 to 1864, again by 1898, and again by 1951, despite two world wars.
Gross domestic product is a measure of activity, not welfare. But there is plenty of evidence of real progress. If life is better than death, this surge of growth was more good news. Male life expectancy at birth in England and Wales in 1841 was just 40 years. By 1950, it was 66. On the latest figures for 2012, it is now 79 for men and 83 for women.
This unprecedented prosperity and welfare was inextricably linked to the burning of fossil fuels, and therefore to the beginning of carbon emissions and global warming. And we are paying with the steady rise in carbon and temperatures compared with pre-industrial levels.
This is why so many green thinkers have rightly been suspicious of economic growth: the curve of rising living standards has been tracked by the curve of rising energy use from coal, oil and gas. The simple answer was green puritanism: change our lifestyle. Don the hair-shirt. Stop consuming more. Stop growth – and therefore stop pollution.
The good news is that we can increasingly see a future where technology does most of the change for us. Readers of the Digest of United Kingdom energy statistics will find an extraordinary table in the new edition: the two-century link between growth and energy has broken. The UK economy has doubled in real terms since 1985, but total energy consumption is exactly the same as it was in that year. Indeed, energy consumption has fallen since 1970 while the economy has nearly trebled in size.
Of course, industry is a big user of energy, and a lot of heavy manufacturing has migrated to China and other low-labour cost parts of the world. Global energy use and carbon emissions are rising because of population and income growth, but the energy-saving trend is visible even in developing countries. Global GDP per unit of energy is 35% higher than it was in 1990.
Photograph: Rui Vieira/PA
What has been going on? Cars are far more efficient, even though larger. A good supermini now runs more than 70 miles per gallon of fuel, whereas the most efficient mini in 1965 did 43 miles per gallon. With hybrids and fully electric vehicles, there is more fuel economy coming. We are also taking the train more: electric trains run better than diesel. Nearly two-thirds of our energy bills go on home heating, and our boilers are better and homes more insulated: “Which?” estimated recently that a new condensing boiler will save 39% over an old heavy boiler. For a typical British semi-detached house, that is a saving of £460 a year. Our household items use much less electricity than before. A fridge-freezer now uses half the electricity of a similar sized model 20 years ago.
Nor is this process slowing down. The cost of lighting is collapsing. A light emitting diode (LED) will give the same amount of light as an old-fashioned Edison incandescent bulb, with a saving in electricity use of 93% (and you can now get dimmable and warm versions). One business that runs three warehouse shifts a day – and therefore uses a lot of light – told me it recently re-equipped with LEDs, and the investment paid for itself in little more than a year.
Some of this is simply a response to the marketplace. Oil in the late 60s cost $3 a barrel. It now costs $103. Not surprisingly, rising energy costs have put a premium on new energy-saving technologies and the roll-out of existing ones. Government policy has also helped. California's vehicle emission standards have boosted the uptake of electric vehicles, creating a market for the Tesla, and the EU and the US have imposed tough standards for appliances.
Businesses are bound to be early adopters of energy-saving technologies, because retailers and distribution firms can spend a fortune on energy. They are used to assessing investment and returns, whereas householders are often put off by the higher initial cost, and poorer households simply cannot afford the switch of energy efficient products even though they pay back quickly. Poorer householders simply cannot afford the up-front cost. That is why it is so crucial for government to encourage household energy saving.
It is also why one of the most short-sighted decisions of this government was to halve the amount of support for energy saving through the Eco subsidy, and just this summer to end the cashback scheme for the energy-saving green deal because it was too successful. The £120m budget allocated until next spring was exhausted in six weeks.
Andrew Warren, of the Association for the Conservation of Energy, says there are now 7,000 fewer people employed in making our homes energy efficient than in 2012. This will inevitably slow down the roll-out of energy-saving measures, and will raise our future energy bills compared with what they would otherwise be. It will also make the task of cutting carbon emissions more difficult and more expensive: the cheapest way of saving carbon is to not use energy in the first place. Any form of energy production – renewables, nuclear or carbon-captured fossil fuel – would be more expensive.
Bad policy, and Treasury short-termism, is a crying shame (if nothing new). But the big picture is clear, and optimistic. Energy-saving is working. Green growth makes sense, and is happening. There is a future that preserves the gains of industrialisation without its polluting losses. Our living standards are rising, while our energy use is not.
Recent reviews by rudytooty
< 1 2 > Showing 1-10 of 16 entries
33 people found this review helpful Recommended 1,497.2 hrs on record Sugar cookies. Sugar is really cocaine. Cookie is also cocaine.
I ♥♥♥♥ing hate this game. Posted January 14, 2014. Was this review helpful? Yes No Funny
No one has rated this review as helpful yet Recommended 102.2 hrs on record Restaurant's attempt at a massive BLT. A reasonable amount of tomato, but way too much lettuce. The bacon is great but only some parts of the sandwich has that coveted double layer. Posted March 13, 2012. Was this review helpful? Yes No Funny
No one has rated this review as helpful yet Recommended 5.3 hrs on record Honestly, it's a great meal. Posted February 5, 2012. Was this review helpful? Yes No Funny
No one has rated this review as helpful yet Recommended 81.5 hrs on record Popcap takes a salad and then mixes in a bunch of drugs into the dressing. About as good as a normal salad but 80% more addicting. (Someone should really complain to the FDA about all the narcotics in popcap's food) Posted February 5, 2012. Was this review helpful? Yes No Funny
No one has rated this review as helpful yet Recommended 131.7 hrs on record It's a buffet but the management chooses the meals for you. Most of the meals are still pretty decent, except Cloudburst which is just straight up disgusting. Posted February 5, 2012. Was this review helpful? Yes No Funny
No one has rated this review as helpful yet Recommended 3.1 hrs on record Chain of donut shops. Most of the donuts are like any other donut but they have this one jelly donut in every dozen that is just delicious. Posted February 5, 2012. Was this review helpful? Yes No Funny
No one has rated this review as helpful yet
1 person found this review funny Recommended 381.8 hrs on record It's an incredible burger joint with great fries but for some reason people get really serious and expect everyone to have forks and knives ready. Posted February 5, 2012. Was this review helpful? Yes No Funny
1 person found this review helpful Recommended 128.9 hrs on record Buffet with just a bunch of great food, but like all buffets it suffers from too many chubby whiny kids. Posted February 5, 2012. Was this review helpful? Yes No Funny
No one has rated this review as helpful yet Recommended 61.8 hrs on record The menu says there's a million different toppings but it's really just like 20. The pizza is great but bring a couple friends. Posted February 5, 2012. Was this review helpful? Yes No Funny
No one has rated this review as helpful yet Recommended 1.5 hrs on record NASA's hilarious attempt to pass off freeze dried beef stew as real food. Posted February 5, 2012. Was this review helpful? Yes No Funny
Lt. Steven Combs, a native of Florida, was assigned to the “Providers” of Fleet Logistics Support Squadron (VRC) 30 and embarked aboard USS Ronald Reagan (CVN 76) as part of Carrier Air Wing Five. (Photo by courtesy photo)
PHILIPPINE SEA – After notifying their families that extensive search and rescue efforts had ended, the Navy identified Lt. Steven Combs, Aviation Boatswain's Mate (Equipment) Airman Matthew Chialastri and Aviation Ordnanceman Airman Apprentice Bryan Grosso Nov. 25 as the three Sailors lost in a C-2A Greyhound crash on Wednesday.
“Our thoughts and prayers are with the families of these Sailors,” said Vice Adm. Phil Sawyer, commander of U.S. Seventh Fleet. “Their service and sacrifice will be lasting in Seventh Fleet and we will continue to stand the watch for them, as they did bravely for all of us.”
USS Ronald Reagan (CVN 76) led combined search and rescue efforts with units from the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force (JMSDF). Over the course of two days of continuous search efforts for the Sailors, ships and aircraft covered nearly 1000 square nautical miles.
“The thoughts and prayers of the entire team onboard Ronald Reagan go out to the families and friends of our fallen shipmates,” said Capt. Michael Wosje, Commander, Carrier Air Wing Five (CVW 5). “We are thankful for our professional search and rescue teams and their incredible bravery. The entire Navy team is working together to investigate the cause of this mishap and we will remain focused on our mission to operate forward in a safe and professional manner to ensure peace and stability in the Indo-Asia-Pacific region."
Combs, a native of Florida, was assigned to the “Providers” of Fleet Logistics Support Squadron (VRC) 30 and embarked aboard Ronald Reagan as part of Carrier Air Wing Five. Their previous duty assignments include the “Greyhawks” of Carrier Airborne Early Warning Squadron (VAW) 120, the Center for Security Forces Detachment Kittery Point, in Portsmouth, N.H., and Training Wing 4, in Corpus Christi, Texas. Their awards include the National Defense Ribbon and the Navy Battle “E” Ribbon.
Chialastri, a native of Louisiana, was assigned to Ronald Reagan. Their previous duty stations include USS America (LHA 6), Patrol Squadron Thirty (VP-30), the “Pro's Nest,” in Jacksonville, Fla., and the Center for Security Forces Detachment Kittery Point, in Portsmouth, N.H. Their awards include the National Defense Ribbon.
Grosso, a native of Florida was assigned to Ronald Reagan. Their previous duty stations include the Naval Air Technical Training Center in Pensacola, Fla., and the Naval Recruit Training Center in Great Lakes, Ill. Their awards include the National Defense Ribbon.
The C-2A Greyhound, assigned to VRC 30, crashed en route to Ronald Reagan Nov. 22 while operating in the Philippine Sea. The aircraft was carrying 11 crew and passengers at the time. Eight personnel were recovered on scene after the crash by U.S. Navy Helicopter Sea Combat Squadron (HSC 12).
An investigation is in progress.
Artist Spotlight: Ariana Prado by Mark Donne
Ariana Prado is a first generation Mexican-American, born in Staten Island, New York in 1993. They grew up in the Bronx, New York and lived in Cuautla, Mexico during their childhood. They received their Bachelor of Fine Arts in Drawing and Sculpture at Lyme Academy College of Fine Arts of the University of New Haven in 2016.
You can see more of Ariana's artwork on their website arianaprado.com
Abuelito
This is a portrait of my maternal grandfather, Jacinto Senen Solano, who passed away in September 2015 in Cuautla, Morelos in Mexico. Their passing caused a lot of grief for our family in Mexico and in the United States. The only way I could cope with being so far away from my family members during such a hard time, was to depict them and give our grief tangibility. In Mexican culture it's common to create an altar for the loved one who just passed during the celebrations of Day of the Dead. As a way of grieving my grandfather's death I constructed an altar for them and framed this portrait printed on fabric.
With the political climate in this country, I find it crucial to depict my family members and preserve their humanity. Printmaking, specifically block printing has made this possible with stark dark shapes and contrasting whitespace. It has given me a new perspective on seeing drawing as something other than line. The edition on Kitakata paper was printed by hand, burnishing the image with a wooden spoon through the paper from the linoleum block, taking special force on the parts with the ink.
Helpful tips for anyone stuck in a cubicle (especially if you happen to be a developer).
There's a good chance that some of your colleagues will simply start copying and pasting your code, which is fine…as long as they give you some credit. In order to protect yourself from credit theft, be sure to pepper your code with little jewels of watermarking, like this one:
// This function allows me to provide ‘B==D' to one of your parents
Have an unlisted number or an untraceable call app at the ready. When a chatty neighbor starts hanging out at your desk with no end in sight, use your handy tool to call their office phone or smartphone. While they're distracted and/or away, make your way to the bathroom or hide promptly under your desk. Always befriend at least one person on the DevOps team. It's easier to accomplish if you know of his/her nemesis, so you can constantly talk shit about them in your ally's presence. If you wish to become invisible to a tiresome manager, just be sure to adorn your work area with various performance charts and graphs. As the perfect workplace camouflage, it's impossible for the brass to focus on you amongst such pretty, shiny distractions. Put the mandatory sounds of your smartphone to good use. If you catch one of your junior developers goofing off, feed their paranoia and get them back to work by stealthily invoking the audible click of your camera several times. Always start a software project with random calls to “sleep()” scattered throughout your code. (Or, if you have frequent code reviews, put them in a somewhat innocuous place, like a “log()” function.) Whenever your boss demands better performance, request a few days of development time and remove the “sleep()” calls after your impromptu vacation.
Peter Bolton is the author of Blowing the Bridge: A Software Story and has also been known to be a grumpy bastard on occasion.
Advertisements
The greatest injustices are caused to us by ourselves. Media outlets that have lost their sanity are blaming us, of all people, for the tectonic changes that erupted recently from the depths of the religion, culture and history of Middle Eastern peoples.
If you choose to believe some of our commentators, Israel 's failure to engage in negotiations with the Palestinians is to blame for Muammar Gaddafi 's toppling, Mubarak 's trial, Assad turning Syria into a slaughterhouse, and Turkey going back in time to the Ottoman sultanate.
We are told that “We're left with no friends,” “We lost our last allies,” “we're all alone.” Moreover, we are told that all of this is the result of the Israeli government's actions.
Where did they find so much ignorance, hypocrisy, demagoguery, wickedness and self-hatred in order to come up with such baseless, imagery accusations bordering on paranoia? What else is needed for them to also attribute the blood libels and inquisition to the “conflict”?
However, what did rise to the surface in the interface between the Arab spring of bloodshed and the Palestinian obsession proves precisely the opposite – the limitations of peace. With our own eyes we saw on the streets of Cairo, Istanbul and Amman that the masses – that is, the people – do not want peace with Israel.
Indeed, their authentic, democratic (yes, democratic!) hatred erupts the moment dictatorship ends.
Hence, in the Middle East, peace treaties can only be signed with dictators who ignore the will of their peoples, and such peace would always be cold, futile, and time limited. For that reason, we are only allowed to pay modest and limited prices for such peace.
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook
There has been enormous progress in recent years toward the development of photonic chips — devices that use light beams instead of electrons to carry out their computational tasks. Now, researchers at MIT have filled in a crucial piece of the puzzle that could enable the creation of photonic chips on the standard silicon material that forms the basis for most of today's electronics.
In many of today's communication systems, data travels via light beams transmitted through optical fibers. Once the optical signal arrives at its destination, it is converted to electronic form, processed through electronic circuits and then converted back to light using a laser. The new device could eliminate those extra electronic-conversion steps, allowing the light signal to be processed directly.
The new component is a “diode for light,” says Caroline Ross, the Toyota Professor of Materials Science and Engineering at MIT, who is co-author of a paper reporting the new device that was published online Nov. 13 in the journal Nature Photonics. It is analogous to an electronic diode, a device that allows an electric current to flow in one direction but blocks it from going the other way; in this case, it creates a one-way street for light, rather than electricity.
This is essential, Ross explains, because without such a device stray reflections could destabilize the lasers used to produce the optical signals and reduce the efficiency of the transmission. Currently, a discrete device called an isolator is used to perform this function, but the new system would allow this function to be part of the same chip that carries out other signal-processing tasks.
To develop the device, the researchers had to find a material that is both transparent and magnetic — two characteristics that rarely occur together. They ended up using a form of a material called garnet, which is normally difficult to grow on the silicon wafers used for microchips. Garnet is desirable because it inherently transmits light differently in one direction than in another: It has a different index of refraction — the bending of light as it enters the material — depending on the direction of the beam.
The researchers were able to deposit a thin film of garnet to cover one half of a loop connected to a light-transmitting channel on the chip. The result was that light traveling through the chip in one direction passes freely, while a beam going the other way gets diverted into the loop.
The whole system could be made using standard microchip manufacturing machinery, Ross says. “It simplifies making an all-optical chip,” they say. The design of the circuit can be produced “just like an integrated-circuit person can design a whole microprocessor. Now, you can do an integrated optical circuit.”
That could make it much easier to commercialize than a system based on different materials, Ross says. “A silicon platform is what you want to use,” they say, because “there's a huge infrastructure for silicon processing. Everyone knows how to process silicon. That means they can set about developing the chip without having to worry about new fabrication techniques.”
This technology could greatly boost the speed of data-transmission systems, for two reasons: First, light travels much faster than electrons. Second, while wires can only carry a single electronic data stream, optical computing enables multiple beams of light, carrying separate streams of data, to pass through a single optical fiber or circuit without interference. “This may be the next generation in terms of speed” for communications systems, Ross says.
Ross' colleagues in the research included Lionel Kimerling, the Thomas Lord Professor of Materials Science and Engineering, and former students Lei Bi '11 and Juejun Hu PhD '09. The work was funded by the National Science Foundation and an Intel fellowship for Bi.
“This is a big advance in optical communications,” says Bethanie Stadler, a professor of electrical and computer engineering at the University of Minnesota, who was not involved in this research. The work is “significant,” they say, “as the first device with garnet integrated onto [silicon] devices.”
Those have been the words uttered by many commentators and fans alike when mocking a player to the Flyers in the 2014 Draft. Sometimes, they have been a compliment, like when describing Scott Laughton or Samuel Morin, two physical youngsters that can actually play. Those have also been the words uttered when the Flyers have made the selections of players like Garrett Klotz, Derek Mathers, Zac Rinaldo, and more recently, Tyrell Goulbourne. In that tone, the comment is a borderline insult.
The Flyers draft brass has two big strengths, and two obvious weaknesses. Their strength lies in their ability to develop young forwards (mostly centers) into quality NHLers, and produce quality bottom 6 players. Their weaknesses are in drafting and developing defensemen, and goaltenders.
Their strengths have produced possibly the best center depth in the NHL, and great overall depth at forward. The weaknesses have produced a defense without a single homegrown player on it, and a quality goalie that was thought to be “finished” when they were acquired.
The Flyers have tried to address their weaknesses in the past two drafts. Anthony Stolarz is the best goaltending prospect the Flyers have had in years, and the trio of Gostisbehere, Morin, and Hagg offers the best potential for homegrown defensemen in some time. However, if the Flyers draft according to their old ways in 2014, it will be a big step back for the organization.
With the 17th overall pick, the Flyers will likely have their choice of a few players that represent a significant step forward for the organization, or a step back into their past.
Flyers Draft Goes Back to the Dark Ages
The prototypical Flyers draft pick is the big, gritty, physical forward. He's a two-way player, and a leader in the locker room. However, rarely is they the best offensive player available. The Flyers pride themselves on having a number of power forwards on the team, specifically Scott Hartnell and Wayne Simmonds. They're two valuable players to the team. But, they were also among the most over-matched when their skating problems were exposed by the fleet-of-foot Rangers. Craig Berube, himself, admitted the Flyers were outmatched in terms of speed:
Berube told the Daily News' Frank Seravalli, “To try to beat them wide with speed, other than Voracek, [McDonagh is] probably going to win that battle a lot of times.”
Other than Voracek, the Flyers don't have any burners among their forwards. It is good to have guys like Simmonds and Hartnell on the team, but the Flyers don't need another gritty, puck-winning power forward. What they need is burners and high-skilled players on the wings to complement their elite centers.
In many of the 2014 Mock Drafts, the Flyers have been interested in USNTDP products Alex Tuch (here and here) and Dylan Larkin. I don't have a problem with either player as a prospect, just as a potential pick for the Flyers.
Tuch is a 6'3″ right wing that played for the USNTDP, totaling 96 points across all games this year. Normally, scouts would be drooling over a player with Tuch's size and that offense. However, the offense comes with a big asterisk. That's because Tuch played on a line with Jack Eichel and Sonny Milano, two of the most talented players to come out of the US program in years. They outscored Tuch by 38 and 29 points, respectively, this year. Tuch does the grunt work for their linemates. Without them, you have to wonder what their numbers would look like.
Dylan Larkin is a jack of all trades, master of none. He's a two-way center with good speed (which the Flyers lack), decent offense, and a power-forward game. He's a lot like current Flyer prospect Scott Laughton.
Tuch doesn't make sense because the Flyers already have two guys that do their job in Scott Hartnell and Wayne Simmonds. Larkin doesn't make sense because they project best as a center, where the Flyers have no room. They're having trouble finding room for Scott Laughton, let alone another first round pick at center. You could move them to wing, but you'd be wasting their defensive abilities because a center has a much larger impact on the defensive side of the puck compared to a winger.
Besides not being a fit, the last few power forwards to come from the USNTDP have not fared well. One has been taken in the first round the past three years, and all three have struggled post-draft.
Tyler Biggs was the 22nd overall pick in the 2011 draft by the Maple Leafs. Since then, he's played a year at Miami University, a year in the OHL, a year in the AHL, and had a trip to the WJC. They were average in the NCAA and OHL, a disappointment at the WJC, and played 56 games in the AHL last year, collecting just 9 points.
Stefan Matteau was the 29th overall pick in the 2012 draft by the New Jersey Devils. The year after being drafted, they played 17 NHL games and collected 3 points. They were returned to the QMJHL, where they put up 28 points in 35 games on a stacked Blainville-Boisbriand Armada team. But in the playoffs, they walked off the bench, with their dad as coach. This past year, they had an okay season in the AHL, with 26 points in 67 games.
At 6'6″, 238 lbs., Michael McCarron was the 25th overall pick in the 2013 draft. They opted to forgo playing college hockey at Western Michigan in favor of the London Knights. McCarron struggled throughout most of the year on a very good Knights team, putting up just 34 points in 66 games.
Just because three recent products have not been great does not mean Tuch and Larkin are doomed for failure. However, it's something the Flyers draft brass should keep in the back of their mind.
Who Should the Flyers Pick?
For the Flyers draft class of 2014 to be a success, they need to continue to stockpile puck-moving, offensive defensemen, and gather speed/skill on the wings. Right now, Voracek is the only elite talent the Flyers have at wing. On defense, the Flyers are among the slowest teams in the league. Fortunately for Philadelphia, there will be a few players that should fill those needs very well around pick #17. An article and scouting report for those four will follow in the next day or two.
BERLIN (AP) — The United Nations says its staff have found a mass grave in South Sudan's oil rich Unity State.
The U.N. human rights office says staff who visited the site Monday in the northern town of Bentiu counted 14 bodies in the grave and 20 more at a nearby river.
A spokesperson for the Geneva-based office told The Associated Press on Tuesday that the bodies are among 75 ethnic Dinka who were reported to the U.N. as "unaccounted for and feared dead."
Spokeswoman Ravina Shamdasani said the victims were reportedly members of the Sudan People's Liberation Army.
They said there are unconfirmed reports of least two more mass graves in Jebel-Kujur and Newside, near Juba, the capital.
Shamdasani had initially said they had discovered 75 bodies, but later revised that account.
With nine dismissals in 11 days, managers are dropping like flies. My old clubs Aston Villa and West Ham United are still under particular scrutiny and everyone is searching for an explanation.
In part we can blame society's obsession with instant gratification, but that is not the whole story. While the rest of us are left scratching our heads, you can bet that the players themselves are not surprised by the announcements.
Personally I can't think of many managers I've played under who were sacked and didn't deserve it. I've had several where the feeling in the dressing room was: "How on earth are you still here?" As a group of players, once you've lost confidence in the manager you want them to leave.
In my experience there are two major factors that determine how long a manager lasts. One, undeniably, is results. But another is likability. Either or both of these can help a manager through rough times – they act as insurance policies to fall back on and buy more time when things start going wrong.
Managers, like young players, tend to be measured by early success. Look at Arsène Wenger – hugely successful when they first took over at Arsenal, but hasn't won a trophy in five years. Of course he's up there in the league every year, but to some extent they are still living off their early achievements. The rule to surviving seems to be: get a trophy in, fast. Perhaps that is why Chris Hughton's dismissal caused the biggest outcry of all – they followed the template by winning the Championship, and still they were sacked.
Good results and likability do not necessarily go together, though. A prime example is Gérard Houllier. I have a lot of time for them because they taught me a valuable lesson about player respect at Liverpool. But they were not a popular manager, despite their trophies. I remember being at Aston Villa and speaking to some of my old Liverpool team-mates who were complaining about him. I said: "But you're third in the league, what's there to moan about?" They just didn't like the way they did things.
Did it matter? No, because in the early days they brought success. And that's what players desire more than anything else. You can forgive a manager anything if they help you to win. Once the winning stops there come a period of grace – living off the memories of having won – but if the players don't like you the mood quickly turns sour.
Losing the confidence of the dressing room is not as rare as it seems. We only tend to hear about it when there are heavy defeats, but I've played for managers whom the team has disliked and we've been floating along mid-table. Mediocrity is itself a reason to dislike a manager. Players are ambitious and want to win, not settle for safety.
Once the talk starts that a manager is going to get the sack, it's pretty much a done deal. The dressing room is already thinking about who will be next in charge. The more the manager protests on TV that they have the confidence of their players, the more the players are pulling their hair out behind the scenes.
As the pressure builds, the unrest gains momentum and is difficult for a manager to contain. It is at this point that they often start to make crazy decisions. One manager I had brought in a rule that English was the only language allowed in the dressing room. That alienated the foreign players who then refused to speak English and suddenly there was a rift. Another manager who rounded us all up after a heavy thrashing told us: "When you go home your kids are going to look at you and say: 'Daddy was a mummy today.'" It was the strangest thing we'd ever heard, and it only reinforced our suspicion that they had completely lost it.
Other common mistakes by managers are not being honest, a surefire way of losing your players' trust, or playing teacher and punishing individuals by forcing them to train with the youth players. Never a good idea. It's not that a manager has to please their players all the time, but they have to be honest and show basic respect.
As England manager, Sven-Goran Eriksson dropped me three times yet I still have a very high opinion of him. They took the time to explain their decisions, and gave me advance notice. Everyone hates a manager who drops players without any warning or explanation.
People often ask if players try to get rid of a manager on purpose. Some do, particularly those who are out of favour or on the fringes of the team. They are hoping someone new will come in and rejuvenate their career. To most of us, though, winning is the most important thing, no matter your feelings about the manager. Where that principle comes into conflict is when you are given a set of orders to follow and you know that they are completely inept. Do you disobey your chain of command, or follow orders that lead to disaster?
The only manager I've ever played for who turned the dressing room around was Avram Grant. When they first came to Portsmouth we kept losing. The club seemed to be going down the pan, we hadn't been paid, and morale was low. But a good run in the FA Cup kept us buoyant. It was something to focus on, a light at the end of a tunnel – although, sadly, it turned out to be a train. But that FA Cup final glossed over all of our other problems and we were happy under him. They kept us together and guided us towards this light. At the time it was awesome and we believed in him.
The divide between players and managers is not easy to bridge. But all these sackings haven't put me off. As crazy as it sounds, after what happened last week, I still want to be a manager.
David James has donated their fee for this column to charity
Khan Bonfils, an actor who once played a Jedi master in the “Star Wars” franchise, collapsed this week during a rehearsal for a London theater production and died. The cause of death was not immediately clear, and no reports mentioned their age.
“It is with great sadness that we announce the death of Kan Bonfils,” the production company Craft Theatre said in a statement on Facebook. “During rehearsals for an upcoming performance, they collapsed and was unable to be resuscitated. Their sudden loss is a tragedy, and they will be sorely missed.”
According to Chris Hilsop, interviewed by the Telegraph, the team was preparing for its up upcoming performance of “Dante's Inferno,” when Bonfils fell. The director of the performance tried to revive them with CPR, but wasn't successful. “An ambulance was called out but unfortunately they couldn't be resuscitated. … The entire company is in shock. There is absolute severe sadness; it is a real tragedy.”
Bonfils was a longtime hand in both theater and action films, but perhaps their best-known role came in 1999, when they starred opposite Liam Neeson and Ewan McGregor as Saesee Tiin in “Star Wars Episode 1: The Phantom Menace.” Their character, a member of the Jedi High Council that wielded a green light saber, died during the attempted arrest of a villain.
RIP Khan Bonfils Portrayed Jedi Master Saesee Tiin in THE PHANTOM MENACE. pic.twitter.com/QFsmPgmEGq — Rhett Bartlett (@dialmformovies) January 6, 2015
Afterward, Bonfils got cast as a guard in “Lara Croft Tomb Raider: The Cradle of Life” in 2003, and “Batman Begins” in 2005 as a member of the League of Shadows. They were also a henchman in 2012's “Skyfall.”
But much more of their experience came on the stage, with numerous roles in the West End, the Telegraph reported. Their latest performance was to be at the Red Factory in east London for a Thursday show. Company spokesperson Hilsop said the performance will continue as planned.
“It was due to open on Thursday,” they told the Telegraph. “If things go to plan and if the incoming actor is able to do the job we are hoping to open on Saturday.”
A big faggoty faggot, faggoting with lots of gravy.
South Park should redo the biker episode and put this guy on it.
This fag is such an idiot they want to kill all gay people in their Country. Yep seriously.
Fagging fag faggot James Nsaba Buturo, the biggest fag in the World, fagged on about how Uganda is justified killing gays.
James Nsaba Buturo, Uganda's Minister for Ethics and Integrity, has issued a statement through the Ugandan government's official Media Centre addressing criticisms over the proposed Anti-Homosexuality Act. This is the bill that provides the death penalty for conviction of homosexuality under certain circumstances, provides a lifetime imprisonment for all other cases, and a seven year sentence for “attempted” homosexuality. It also criminalizes free speech on behalf of LGBT citizens (seven year's imprisonment) and criminalizes all acquaintance of gay people (failure to report gays to police within 24 hours of learning someone is gay brings a three year prison sentence). Sweden announced that they intend to cut aid to Uganda should this bill go forward. Nsaba Buturo responds: “There is a Bill in Parliament known as the Anti-Homosexuality Bill. This subject is causing a great deal of interest around the world. The people of Uganda believe that practicing anal sex at the expense of heterosexual sex is not a normal practice. Ugandans know or believe that homosexuality involves practices that are dangerous and high risk to the human body which is designed for heterosexual functions. Ugandans also believe that anal sexual intercourse, foreign objects used in sexual intercourse and promiscuity do not deserve to be defended at all. Having said that, it is clear to many of us that the over reaction so far is not surprising to us. Uganda accepts that in some countries it is normal practice for men to sleep with men and women with women. It is often defended that imperatives of human rights defend this practice. We do not believe so in Uganda. Majority of Ugandans hate to see the promotion of illegalities that they consider as dysfunctional, abnormal and unhealthy. Ever since the Bill on Homosexuality was presented in Parliament, there have been various reactions as well as over-reactions from countries which are annoyed at our independence to enact our Laws. Consequently, we hear they are threatening to take action against Uganda. It is revealing that support to Uganda literally translated means that it is on condition that Uganda should do the bidding of givers of such support regardless of what Ugandans themselves think. It is also revealing that support which would benefit countless number of orphans, children and mothers can be withdrawn simply because Government is protecting its citizens against vices such as homosexuality. Government has been clear about this matter that homosexuality or homosexual practices will not be promoted, encouraged and recommended to the people of Uganda.
So what makes this douche think that they won't be reported?
 They are after all the biggest fag in the World?
Will the likes of Phyllis Chesler and Harpy Geller, so beloved of PUMAs be on to this? Will they fuck. It is Christians doing this.
Fuck the so-called religious leaders using religion to do everything from selling hate to mass genocide.
Remember Uganda is reliant on aid because of corruption from its political class. Sweden has actually done something right. They are threatening to end aid to Uganda should this bill pass.
Where are you Milliband? If this law passes, aid to Uganda should stop.
Where are the American politicians? Of course, behind it.
Religious extremists suck
After Philippine National Police Ronald “Bato” Dela Rosa teared up at a Senate hearing, Public Attorney's Office (PAO) Chief Persida Rueda-Acosta also turned emotional on Tuesday as they defended the PNP from accusations that they have a policy to kill suspected drug users.
“Mawalang-galang na po kay Senator (Risa) Hontiveros, wala pong pronouncement ang PAO na may pattern dito. Uulitin ko po, walang polisiya ang gobyerno na pumatay ng walang awa,” Acosta said during the Senate probe on the killing of 17-year-old Kian Delos Santos by Caloocan City police officers.
ADVERTISEMENT
(With due respect to Senator Hontiveros, PAO doesn't have a pronouncement saying there is a pattern here. I repeat, the government has no policy to kill without mercy.)
READ: Bato breaks down anew: God knows cops not killing innocent people
“Meron po ‘yung nasa revised penal code ‘yung state of necessity, self-defense, fulfillment of duty ‘yun po, ‘pag nasa panganib ang buhay ng mga pulis. Ako po mismo ang makapagpapa-totoo na wala pong utos ang mga pulis na pumatay ng walang kaawa-awa,” the lawyer said.
(There is a revised penal code on state of necessity, self-defense, it's fulfillment of duty when the life of a police is in danger. I myself can attest that police aren't under orders to kill without mercy.)
Acosta even noted their more than 80,000 clients whom they said were all jailed but alive, as a proof of that the PNP does not have a policy to kill.
“Kaya po ‘yung mga kliyente po namin 80,000 nakakulong, buhay. Hinuli ng mga kapulisan natin,” Acosta said.
(That's why 80,000 of our clients who are incarcerated are alive. The police arrested them.)
“Kasi kawawa naman po yung mga pulis na handang ibuwis ang kanilang buhay para sa ating inang bayan. Parang nalalahat na sila. Senator Hontiveros pasensya po kasi nasasaktan din ako dahil marami kaming pulis na kliyente na pinagtanggol namin noon at hanggang ngayon,” they added.
(What about the police who are ready to risk their lives for our country? They're making all the police look bad. Senator Hontiveros, excuse me but I'm hurt because there are so many police who are our clients whom we defend from the past until now.)
ADVERTISEMENT
Acosta clarified that they only mentioned the similarity between the case of Delos Santos and Arnaiz, and they did not note of any pattern to the killings.
“Yung similarity lang kaso ni Kian at Carl parehong teenager, parehong ang nanay OFWs, at parehong may tindahan sa tahanan, parehong maayos ang itsura at wala sa drug list ng barangay. Pero wala kong sinabing pattern. Kaya ko nandito para bigyan ng due process ang mga pulis,” Acosta said in between sobs.
(The similarity between Kian and Carl's cases are that they're both teenagers, they have mothers who are OFWs, they both have stores in their homes, they both look decent and are not on the village drug list. But I'm not saying there is a pattern. I'm here to give due process for the police.)
Delos Santos was killed in an alleged shootout with Caloocan City cops during a drug operation, while Arnaiz, 19, was also shot dead by Caloocan City police officers after they allegedly robbed a cab driver. je
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
Georgia is a Java Developer at IDRSolutions and mainly works on maintaining and improving the core product code. Them hobbies include reading, completing puzzle books and cycling.
Whilst busy working away on various software at IDR Solutions it occurred to me that it hass been a while since I wrote another cloud article, so I bet you can guess what time it is.
Recently I have been playing around with Red Hat's OpenShift Paas cloud. Best thing about this cloud? There is no 30 day free trial where you have to enter your card details and pray it doesn't charge your account once the trial is up. You get allocated a small amount of resources and have the ability to create up to 3 web applications or gears as they are called on this cloud with 1GB storage each, making it perfect for you to explore and learn the ropes without feeling too rushed. You can learn more about the free plan here.
Last time I wrote about ‘How to use the Layershift Jelastic Cloud with the NetBeans IDE‘. This time I will show you how to to create a web application, test it locally and then deploy the application to the OpenShift cloud through NetBeans. I use a Windows system so some commands or steps may differ slightly for other operating systems.
What you will need before you start:
– Git installed and setup. You can check if you have git installed using git –version which will return your current git version if it exists.
installed and setup. You can check if you have git installed using which will return your current git version if it exists. – Tomcat 7 Server installed locally and added to your NetBeans IDE – if you haven't got this then I have explained how to carry this out in Step 5 and 6 of my Layershift cloud tutorial
1. Sign up to an OpenShift account
Like I said before no credit cards are needed. Just pop your details into this OpenShift registration form and you will receive an email confirmation of your sign up. Now you will have access to your OpenShift Web Console where you can create and view applications. There are two ways to create applications. You could either create an application in the web console (where you can view all of your different options) or you can create one using the rhc command line tool if you already know which server you want. We will be carrying out the latter.
2. Download ruby
The rhc command line tool can be installed through Ruby and the easiest way to download Ruby is using the appropriate installer. I am using a Windows system for this tutorial so please bear in mind that some of the commands may be different depending on your operating system, but in that case you can follow OpenShift's own tutorial to download the rhc tools as it caters for different operating systems.
You can get the ruby installer from here. Make sure you get the Ruby 1.9.3 version as later versions do not work and will only bring you insurmountable grief.
When the installer is executing accept the licensing agreement and make sure the “Add Ruby executable to PATH” check box is selected, so that you can access Ruby quickly and easily from the command prompt. Finally click install.
You can check that Ruby was installed properly using ruby -v command. Just as a reminder, the Windows command prompt cannot detect changes to your Environmental Variables when it is open so make sure your close any open instances of command prompt and re-open to test this command. If this does not work then Ruby wasn't installed correctly and you will have to try again.
3. Download rhs client tools
Now that we have Ruby installed we can use the Windows command prompt to download the client tools with the command gem install rhc.
Once this has completed you need to run rhc setup. This command will connect your system to your web console and it will also generate an authorization token that will be used to authenticate your system to your web console. You also need this token when you want to clone your git repository to NetBeans.
Press enter when prompted for the server hostname, then enter your username and password that you used to sign up for your OpenShift account.
When asked if you want to upload a public ssh key enter yes. This will generate a new key for your system which by default will be named id_rsa.pub and will be stored in C:\Users\yourUserName\.ssh
4. Create a domain
A domain is where we will store our applications. You can create a domain using: rhc domain create domainName. I have called my domain idrsolutions.
5. Create an application
We want to create a Tomcat 7 application so we need to use rhc app-create testApp tomcat7 which will generate something similar to the below code. I have highlighted two bits of information that you should take an interest in. The first one is the URL where your application will be hosted. There is also the GIT remote ssh which you will use to clone, push, pull, etc your code for this application.
You can get this information in your web console too. Just go to Applications and select your app.
6. Clone the application to NetBeans
Now that we have the application created we can clone the project into NetBeans. The menu's in NetBeans are context sensitive so the clone menu item could be in either in Team -> Remote -> Clone or Team -> Git -> Clone
Then you need to enter your ssh into the Repository URL section. NetBeans should then detect your username is part of the ssh you entered and cut and paste that section into the username bit.
In case NetBeans doesn't pick this action up here is an example ssh, username and repository URL:
SSH: ssh://4386ggfnjdwtgbtrdvbet434@testapp2-idrsolutions.rhcloud.com/~/git/testapp2.git/
Username: 4386ggfnjdwtgbtrdvbet434
URL: ssh://testapp2-idrsolutions.rhcloud.com/~/git/testapp2.git/
Then set the private key to the key we created earlier to C:\Users\yourUserName\.ssh\id_rsa
Finally click Next, Next and Finish and your application should be pulled. You will have to open it from where you saved the project. Your projects should look like this:
7. Edit the application
We are going to change the index.html file so that it displays the customary Hello, World! that everybody knows and loves. So open that file and change the contents to:
<!doctype html> <html> <body> <p>Hello, World!<p> </body> </html> <!doctype html> <html> <body> <p>Hello, World!<p> </body> </html>
Now that we have edited the application we want to make sure it works locally. Right-click your top most project node (testApp) and select Run. You will be asked to select your deployment server. A prerequisite of this tutorial was to have your Tomcat server set up and running in NetBeans so you can just select that instance. Then select Remember Permanently so you do not have to repeat this step. Click OK and you should receive a page like this:
8. Push your changes
Now that we have edited the application and confirmed that it works locally, we can push our change to the cloud. Firstly, right-click your top-most node (testApp) and select Git -> commit. Enter a useful message and click commit.
Then you need to push your commit by right-clicking your top-most node (testApp) again and selecting Git -> Remote -> Push to upstream.
9. Open your application in your web browser
Your changes could take a few minutes to be retrieved and processed by the server. The server will show a Building status when it receives changes and a Started status when it is running again.
Once the Starting status has been reached you can open your application from the URL e.g. http://testapp-yourDomain.rhcloud.com/
And there you have it. How to setup and run an application for the OpenShift cloud using the NetBeans IDE.
Imagine the way you might smell a rose. You'd take a nice big sniff to breathe in the sweet but subtle floral scent. Upon walking into a public restroom, you'd likely do just the opposite–abruptly limiting the flow of air through your nose. Now, researchers reporting in the Cell Press journal Current Biology on July 2 have found that people with autism spectrum disorder (ASD) don't make this natural adjustment like other people do. Autistic children go right on sniffing in the same way, no matter how pleasant or awful the scent.
The findings suggest that non-verbal tests related to smell might serve as useful early indicators of ASD, the researchers say.
“The difference in sniffing pattern between the typically developing children and children with autism was simply overwhelming,” says Noam Sobel of the Weizmann Institute of Science in Israel.
Earlier evidence had indicated that people with autism have impairments in “internal action models,” the brain templates we rely on to seamlessly coordinate our senses and actions. It wasn't clear if this impairment would show up in a test of the sniff response, however.
To find out, Sobel, along with Liron Rozenkrantz and their colleagues, presented 18 children with ASD and 18 normally developing children (17 boys and 1 girl in each group) with pleasant and unpleasant odors and measured their sniff responses. The average age of children in the study was 7. While typical children adjusted their sniffing within 305 milliseconds of smelling an odor, the researchers report, children on the autism spectrum showed no such response.
That difference in sniff response between the two groups of kids was enough to correctly classify them as children with or without a diagnosis of ASD 81% of the time. Moreover, the researchers report that increasingly aberrant sniffing was associated with increasingly severe autism symptoms, based on social but not motor impairments.
The findings suggest that a sniff test could be quite useful in the clinic, although the researchers emphasize that their test is in no way ready for that yet.
“We can identify autism and its severity with meaningful accuracy within less than 10 minutes using a test that is completely non-verbal and entails no task to follow,” Sobel says. “This raises the hope that these findings could form the base for development of a diagnostic tool that can be applied very early on, such as in toddlers only a few months old. Such early diagnosis would allow for more effective intervention.”
The researchers now plan to test whether the sniff-response pattern they've observed is specific to autism or whether it might show up also in people with other neurodevelopmental conditions. They also want to find out how early in life such a test might be used. But the most immediate question for Sobel is “whether an olfactory impairment is at the heart of the social impairment in autism.”
Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak is, by all accounts, genial, fiercely protective of Russian policy and international prestige, an avid and successful social networker, and a diplomat who prefers private meetings and dinner parties to public events.  They are also, to their and President Trump's discomfort, a central figure in Washington right now, due to their several meetings during the presidential campaign with several top Trump advisers, including Attorney General Jeff Sessions and former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn.
Kislyak is a veteran diplomat with a background in arms control, and they have been Russia's top diplomat in Washington since 2008. Given their new high profile and the mounting questions about Trump's connections to Russian officials — and the Trump team's evasiveness on the subject — there's a new question: Is Kislyak a spy? NBC's Katy Tur asked that question to Peter Baker, New York Times chief White House correspondent and a former Moscow bureau chief for The Washington Post, on Thursday. "Well, look, in the Russian system it's a distinction without a difference," they said.
Is Kislyak a diplomat or a spy? "In the Russian system it's a distinction without a difference" - @peterbakernyt https://t.co/KSLvQos5Q0 — Katy Tur (@KatyTurNBC) March 2, 2017
Some other Russia experts and analysts agree. Spy or diplomat? "For them it's much grayer," Steven Hall, former head of Russia operations at the CIA, tells The Washington Post. "I would say [Kislyak] is most definitely both. In the Russian system, it's simply assumed that they're all collecting and doing whatever they can either covertly or overtly." That's not a view everyone shares. The idea that Russia's ambassador is a top recruiter for its SVR foreign intelligence agency "strikes me as pretty odd," Steven Pifer, a former State Department official, tells The Guardian. "Everything I've seen, he's been a Russian diplomat." Russia, unsurprisingly, is pushing back against the idea.
Either way, Kislyak has said they will leave Washington soon, likely replaced by a hard-line Russian general, though their replacement has not been announced. Moving on is probably all right for Kislyak, because Russia is so toxic now in Washington, The New York Times reports: "It has become lonely, and they have told associates that they are surprised how people who once sought their company were now trying to stay away." Peter Weber
openSUSE is a great distribution with a great community. It is well known for its excellent Gnome and KDE support. As such, it is never described as a lightweight distribution.
In the latest versions, openSUSE installation media started to offer support for lighter desktop environments, such as LXDE and XFCE. These environments have almost the same application selection as the Gnome version, under a much lighter memory footprint.
If you are looking for a lightweight distro, this is not the time to give up on openSUSE, especially if this is your favorite OS. Try the LXDE/XFCE environments, as lightness goes they are definitely in the same league with Lubuntu/Xubuntu and Fedora LXDE/XFCE Spins. You can do even better, if you build your own desktop starting from a regular server install and adding only the necessary desktop components.
In this article I will describe how to build a light LXDE desktop on the latest openSUSE 12.3 release. I will start with a server install, and I will go trough the process of adding an X Window server and LXDE desktop environment. It is not difficult, and at the very least, it is an opportunity to learn more about a Linux system.
The same way can be done with any other window manager. The result will be different, as each WM/DE has its own memory footprint.
Installation
I installed openSUSE on an old dual-core 64bit computer using the newtork install image. The network was detected automatically, and the installation image gave me the following desktop choices: Gnome, KDE, XFCE, LXDE, Minimal X Window, and Minimal Server. I've selected Minimal Server and about half an hour later I was happily booting my new system.
Console Mode
First things first, I logged in with the user name/password created during installation and run free command. This told me the system is running in only 41MB of memory. It is definitely a server setup. Once X Window system and LXDE are started, the memory count will go up.
By default, networking subsystem is configured for Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol (DHCP). openSUSE uses dhcpcd daemon to retrieve the configuration from a DHCP server. This setup is probably the most common network setup deployed today, used as default by any operating system out there. If something goes wrong during boot and the DHCP exchange fails, you can restart it manually using rcnetwork restart command.
openSUSE also starts by default a Network Time Protocol (NTP) client. The client daemon keeps the computer time synchronized with a number of reference servers available on Internet.
Also started by default is systemd. This is a system and service manager for Linux, a replacement for the more traditional SysV and Linux Standard Base (LSB) init scripts. It provides very aggressive parallelization capabilities, as a result the system startup is fast.
systemd is still under heavy development and it is not as mature as the other options available. This is one of the main reasons some people are moving away from systemd-based distros such as openSUSE and Fedora to more traditional systems such as Debian.
Another process started by default is D-Bus. It is a message bus system, and it allows desktop applications to talk to one another. It is not clear why openSUSE would choose to run it by default in a server setup.
X Window
Next step is to install the X Window environment. openSUSE uses zypper to manage packages. It is very similar to yum and apt-get, the minor differences can be solved using the man page or –help program argument. To install X11, the command is:
# zypper install xorg-x11 xorg-x11-server
X11 is started using startx command. First time you run it, it will autodetect your hardware and it will autoconfigure your display. The autodetection is usually very good, in my case it detected my display and set it up for 1280×1024 at 60Hz – on a full LXDE desktop you can change it form System/Preferences/Monitor Settings.
Started as root with startx, the X server will complain about a missing window manager. The window manager is a separate component, its job is to open, close, move, minimize, and maximize windows. As I don't have any window manager installed in this moment, the X server will clear my screen and it will open an xterm. From this xterm it is possible to open more windows and start programs directly from the command line (xterm, firefox, gimp etc.). However, window operations are not implemented, you are always stuck in the last window opened.
Time for a new memory measurement: 61MB reported by free command running in xterm under startx. Press Ctrl-Alt-Backspace to shut it down and return to console mode.
LXDE
Very little information can be found regarding installing LXDE on openSUSE. The best I can come up with is this blog article. I reproduce here the command without NetworkManager, as my network is already doing fine, thanks.
# zypper install lxappearance lxappearance-lang lxappearance-obconf \ lxcc lxde-common lxde-common-branding-openSUSE lxdm lxinput lxmenu-data \ lxmusic lxmusic-lang lxpanel lxpanel-lang lxrandr \ lxsession lxsession-edit lxshortcut lxtask lxterminal \ lxterminal-lang menu-cache mtpaint nuoveXT2-icon-theme \ obconf openal-soft openbox pcmanfm pcmanfm-lang
I create a file .xinitrc in root home directory as follows:
# echo "exec startlxde" > ~/.xinitrc
This file tells X Window server to start LXDE window manager once the xserver is running.
(more screenshots here)
Another way to start LXDE is to use a display manager such as xdm. It is started as root with xdm command. It will ask for a user name and password before starting LXDE environment.
In my LXDE terminal free command reports 103MB memory already in use. This is about half the RAM memory compared with major LXDE desktops such as Lubuntu and Fedora LXDE spin. It will also beat openSUSE default LXDE install by a wide margin.
Conclusion
openSUSE is not perceived as a lightweight distro, but you can still build a lightweight system using the regular server install and zypper package manager. And if anything goes wrong, you can revert to the default LXDE system provided in the installation phase. The magic command to install the default LXDE desktop is
# zypper install patterns-openSUSE-lxde
Just to put things into perspective, a full openSUSE 12.3 KDE install on the same computer starts in 344MB.
Related Posts
Advertisements
REVERE — The kosher butchers, bakeries, and delis are long gone, and soon the last reminder of a Jewish presence on Shirley Avenue — once one of the busiest Jewish hubs in Greater Boston — will disappear, when Congregation Tifereth Israel is sold and demolished.
“We held on as long as we could, but financially we just can't afford it and you've got to know when it's time to let something go. Still, it's like pulling the plug on someone,” said the synagogue's president, Ira Novoselsky, as they walked through the once-grand temple that has fallen silent in recent years as members have moved away.
With no heat, a roof that's been partially blown off, and a chimney that needs to be replaced, a handful of members kept the shul open the last five years only on Rosh Hashana and Yom Kippur. Now, Novoselsky says they are negotiating to sell the property to a developer who plans to tear down the synagogue and replace it with retail shops and veterans' housing.
Advertisement
Even with the building in tough shape, about 100 people made their way this past fall to Yom Kippur services, which were led by Novoselsky's son. The shul will open again on Sunday at 10 a.m., when congregants will have the opportunity to discuss the development plans, and have a last chance to tour the sanctuary and remove plaques dedicated to deceased family members.
Get Metro Headlines in your inbox: The 10 top local news stories from metro Boston and around New England delivered daily. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
While some of the older prayer books are slated to be buried according to Jewish custom, Ira Novoselsky said it has not been decided what will be done with the temple's ark and last remaining Torah.
Congregants learned about the shul's closing earlier this month in a letter from the temple's board. “We are at a crossroad in the history of our synagogue. . . . It is difficult to say this, but the writing is on the wall,” the board wrote. “The time has come for some straight talk from the heart. Please join us in discussion of our future.”
The synagogue, which was built as a Methodist church, was opened by Jews who fled Lithuania in 1912. With over 400 seats, a coffered ceiling, women's balcony, and near-perfect acoustics, it drew Jews from the Revere Beach area — making it the largest synagogue in the city.
Novoselsky, 68, a Revere city councilor who lives in the same house where they were raised just a block away from the synagogue, called the closing the end of an era.
Advertisement
The building, now boarded up, sits in a neighborhood that has transformed into a melting pot of other ethnic enclaves. With its closing, just one synagogue, Temple B'nai Israel, remains in the city. Congregation Ahavas Achim closed in 1998.
Jonathan Wiggs/Globe staff Congregation Tifereth Israel.
The expected sale follows a national trend, with long-established Jewish congregations throughout the country closing, merging, and downsizing as fewer Jews affiliate with synagogues. Over the last decade, synagogues have closed or merged in Swampscott, Salem, Marblehead, Lynn, Quincy, New Bedford, and in other communities. According to a 2013 study by the Pew Research Center, 1 in 5 American Jews described themselves as having no religion.
Jonathan Sarna, a professor of American Jewish history at Brandeis University, said the Revere synagogue's closing also represented a natural progression that occurs when people improve their economic base. “As Jews have moved up economically in the Boston area they have tended to move out. . . . So it has been since the early Jewish communities of Boston in the 19th century,” they said.
As Novoselsky walked through the sanctuary, they described a part of history that they fear will be lost. “It was like a little Israel around here,” they said, pointing out the ornate wooden ark that once held Torahs and bears the names of Jewish servicemen from Revere who were killed in action.
Outside, they remember a time in the 1950s and '60s when hundreds of congregants left their duplexes along Shirley Avenue in their finest suits and dresses and made their way to the shul on the high holidays. Jewish merchants closed their businesses, and p0lice closed off side streets to prevent traffic. Some went to pray; others stayed in the street to talk, where Jewish boys and girls flirted and the prayers of the congregants could be heard.
Advertisement
For decades, there always seemed to be activity on the corner of Shirley and Nahant avenues. If people weren't at the synagogue, then kids could be found at the Jewish Community Center a few doors away. The hub stretched all the way down Shirley Avenue, past the restaurants and pool halls and shoe stores to the bandstand on Revere Beach — known as Punk's Corner — where teens from Revere, Chelsea, Everett, and Lynn could be found.
‘We held on as long as we could.'
Michael Goldfarb, 61, said the synagogue was a major source of pride for the working-class Jews who lived along Shirley Avenue. The area served as a haven for their parents, who survived the Holocaust, moved from Europe to Revere, and owned Anna's Pizza on Revere Beach.
Steven McCormack also lamented the end of a period of Massachusetts Jewish history. As a child, they remember sitting with their great-grandfather, Joseph Schreter, during Yom Kippur services. McCormack, who is 62 and lives in Los Angeles, still recalls the sound of the shofar on the high holidays wafting through the streets of Revere.
“It instilled the message to me at a very young age of something ‘greater than ourselves,' ” they said.
Jonathan Wiggs/Globe Staff The prayer books of Congregation Tifereth Israel will be buried according to custom.
Steven A. Rosenberg can be reached at srosenberg@globe .com
US-backed military junta in Egypt sentences 529 Brotherhood members to death
By Johannes Stern
25 March 2014
Yesterday an Egyptian court sentenced 529 members of the Muslim Brotherhood (MB) to death. The biggest mass death sentence in recent history marks another escalation in the ruthless efforts of the US-backed military junta in Egypt to annihilate its political opponents and drown the Egyptian revolution in blood.
Since the July 3, 2013 coup—carried out amidst mass protests against MB President Mohamed Mursi—the military junta has violently attacked sit-ins, demonstrations and strikes, killing at least 1,400 people and jailing more than 16,000. It has banned the MB, Egypt's largest Islamist organization, issued an anti-protest law and pushed through a constitution enshrining the army's dominant role in society.
Most of the defendants were arrested during anti-coup protests in the Minya governorate that erupted after the brutal dispersal of two pro-Mursi sit-ins in Cairo by security and army forces on August 14. The charges against the group on trial included murder, attempted murder, attacking a police station and damaging public and private property. Out of 545 defendants, only 150 were present at court, while all others were tried in absentia.
The whole trial was a farce and bore the character of a show trial.
“This is the quickest case and the number sentenced to death is the largest in the history of the judiciary,” said lawyer Nabil Abdel Salam, who defends leading MB members including Mursi himself. Defense lawyer Khaled el-Koumi told the Associated Press: “We didn't have a chance to say a word, to look at more than 3,000 pages of investigation and to see what evidence they are talking about.”
Presiding judge Said Youssef reportedly started shouting and ordered in court security when defence lawyers protested against the proceedings. Some lawyers said they were barred from entering the courthouse entirely.
Walid, a relative of one of the sentenced, told Reuters: “When the trial starts on Saturday and it is just a procedural hearing, and the judge doesn't listen to any lawyers or witnesses and doesn't even call the defendants, you are before a group of thugs and not the judiciary.”
Dramatic scenes unfolded after the verdict. Family members started screaming in despair, and angry protesters set fire to a nearby building, Egyptian state TV reported.
Today another mass trial will begin, with another 683 people facing similar charges. Amongst the defendants are the MB's Supreme Guide, Mohamed Badie, and the leader of its political arm, Saad al-Katatni.
The US government and its imperialist allies in Europe responded with empty and thoroughly hypocritical statements. Marie Harf, the deputy US State Department spokesperson, expressed “deep concern” and “shock” over “the sentencing to death of 529 Egyptians related to the death of one police officers.” At the same time they made clear that Washington's support for the junta would continue. They stressed that the White House regards its links with Cairo as an “important relationship”, and there was no desire to “completely cut off” relations.
The EU's High Representative Catherine Ashton reminded the Egyptian junta that “the death penalty is cruel and inhuman” and called upon “the Egyptian interim authorities to apply “international standards”. They stressed: “This is particularly important for the credibility of Egypt's transition towards democracy.”
As the military junta is employing the most barbaric and undemocratic methods, Washington and Brussels continue to present it as a struggle for “democracy”.
The verdict comes amidst preparations by the military junta to install coup leader and Defence Minister Field Marshall Abdel-Fattah al-Sisi as the new president. The de facto dictator has overseen the mass killings and jailings in the past months and is now preparing for a direct confrontation with the working class, the main target of state repression and of the military coup itself.
Speaking at a conference of young doctors earlier this month, Sisi threatened years of austerity and suffering: “Our economic circumstances, in all sincerity and with all understanding, are very, very difficult. I wonder, did anyone say that I will walk for a little bit to help my country? The country will not make progress by using words. It will make progress by working, and through perseverance, impartiality and altruism. Possibly one or two generations will [have to suffer] so that the remaining generations live.”
There are growing signs of social conflict and working-class struggle. Egypt's new Prime Minister Ibrahim Mehleb was installed at the end of last month amidst a massive strike by tens of thousands of textile workers and public bus drivers. They called on the “patriotism” of Egyptian workers, stressing that it was time for work and not for strikes. They warned that “making demands that exceed logic will destroy the country” and declared: “Security and stability in the entire country and crushing terrorism will pave the way for investment.”
The military reign of terror and its preparation for violence against all strikes and protests at the behest of international finance capital underscore the counterrevolutionary role of the liberal and pseudo-left organizations that backed the military coup.
Chief among these was the so-called Revolutionary Socialists (RS), which has worked, since the initial eruption of mass struggles in January 2011, to subordinate the protests to one or another faction of the bourgeoisie. After first encouraging illusions in the military regime established after the ouster of US-backed dictator Hosni Mubarak, the RS then promoted Mursi and the MB as the “right wing of the revolution.”
During the 2013 protests, the RS enthusiastically backed the Tamarod movement, which included the National Salvation Front of liberal leaders Mohamed ElBaradei, sections of the Egyptian ruling class and former members of the Mubarak regime. Tamarod played the key role in channeling mass opposition behind the military.
Tamarod is now fueling the junta's violent nationalistic and anti-working class campaign and supporting the installation of al-Sisi as president. Tamarod leader Mahmoud Badr recently declared that Tamarod “completely supports Abdel Fattah al-Sisi as president of Egypt”, and called upon “all Egyptians” to support them “as a national and popular agreed-upon candidate.”
For their part, the trade unions are the most unabashed supporters of the junta's nationalistic campaign. Gebaly al-Maraghy, the president of the Egyptian Trade Union Federation was merely echoing the junta's program for a massive confrontation with the working class when they declared: “Our battle is to increase production and combat terrorism. If we don't win, the whole of Egypt will be destroyed.”
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Papers, Please on iOS by @dukope
Jason Sturges has written a new performance benchmark post covering float math, object instantiation, down casting, up casting, event dispatching, function overhead, function inlining, loops and finally Graphic drawing, each compiled to Neko, Flash, HTML5 and Native (OSX).
If you're interested in running performance benchmarks yourself, Jason has written a tutorial on how to get started using their library Performance Test. They have modeled their library after Grant Skinner's ActionScript project which goes by the same name.
Platformer physics by Nico M using luxe engine.
Jason has also written the tutorial OpenFL code documentation with Dox which shows you what libraries you will need and how to install them, to marking your code with Dox specific metadata to actually generating documentation for your code.
Also this week Adi Reddy Mora has written about installing and using chxdoc and yuidoc as documentation generators for your Haxe projects.
An in-progress OpenFL 2D scene editor by @dmitryhryppa
Fabricio has written two articles explained new HIDE functionality. Both articles are in Portuguese, so I may have completely misunderstood them.
The first article shows via screen shots how to use Flambe, which is now natively supported in HIDE.
The second article shows you how to get started with HIDE's built-in Gradle support provided by Fabricio.
3D wireframe project by @KeyMaster_ using luxe engine
Ryan Davis has been previewing new features they are implementing into their tannus library, Pointer, pointer assignment and pointer binding. Tannus is a JavaScript focused Haxe library.
Jonas Nyström last week demoed Audio Mixer and this week has started a new library called HxAudioTools which attempts “to create a toolbox for basic audio manipulation in Haxe”. This is definitely a project to keep an eye on as cross-platform audio has been a reocurring problem for Haxe frameworks.
Paul Alexandrov has created and released YAGP, their Yet Another Gif Parser library. YAGP “provides a simple API to parse animated GIF images. The difference between haxe-gif library, is that this library successfully parses most Gif images”.
Follow the leader, an in-progress luxe engine project by Christopher Jon.
Sira Tama has pointed out that Cygames, a Japanese game studio, has released a new game to the Google Play Store called Killvege compiled with Haxe and deployed with Adobe AIR.
Sven Bergström has posted to the snõwkit community LD31 Recap which lists some Ludum Dare games which have been made with luxe engine. Also, remember to submit your LD31 Haxe made game to the LD31 Roundup To-do List.
I'll finish with the latest video from Boyan Ololoevich's which shows you how to get metadata completion in the IntelliJ IDEA Haxe plugin.
Ankara mayor denies city's brown tap water is polluted
ANKARA
Ankara Mayor Melih Gökçek drinks a glass of tap water it in front of the cameras to prove that it is safe. AA Photo
Ankara Mayor Melih Gökçek has denied that the city's tap water smells bad and caused diarrhea, lashing out at opposition party lawmakers for conducting a “smear campaign” against him.“According to Health Ministry records, there is only a two percent increase in the number of patients with intestinal infection syndrome. This figure is 33 percent in İzmir. Plus, Ankara is more populous [than İzmir],” Gökçek told reporters at a press conference on Sept. 11.İzmir, the country's third largest city, is being run by the main opposition Republican People's Party (CHP) and is often compared with Gökçek's Ankara at times when their performance as mayor is criticized.“I call on CHP lawmakers, particular Ms. Aylin [Nazlıaka]. If you do not go to İzmir [to check the water situation] then you are liars and deceiving the people,” Gökçek also said.In a bid to prove the safety of the tap water, the Ankara mayor drunk a glass of it in front of the cameras and compared it to bottled French water, arguing that their city's tap water is a higher quality than processed water. “In honor of the CHP,” they said before sipping from the glass.There have been reports about an increase in complaints over intestinal infection symptoms in Ankara, with suggestions that the main cause is the polluted tap water provided by the Ankara municipality.“If CHP lawmakers are courageous enough, they should appear with me in a live debate. Those who slander the Ankara Greater Municipality and the Ankara Water and Canalization Affairs, including CHP deputy Aylin Nazlıaka, will be sued,” Gökçek vowed.He also said 30 million/cbm water had been pumped into Ankara as reinforcements to the Kızılırmak River, Ankara's main source of water, over the last four months.Gökçek's explanation, however, has apparently not satisfied the CHP. Levent Gök, Ankara deputy for the party, invited Gökçek to a “water duel” and called on them to drink tap water collected from a number of different districts across the city.“Come and drink just one glass of this water and I'll drink the rest,” Gök said.
Photos: Militants attack Pakistan university Rescue workers transport a wounded man to a hospital following an attack by gunmen on Bacha Khan University in Charsadda, Pakistan, on Wednesday, January 20. Hide Caption 1 of 13
Photos: Militants attack Pakistan university The body of a victim lies in the back of an ambulance while Pakistani troops gather at the main gate of Bacha Khan University. Hide Caption 2 of 13
Photos: Militants attack Pakistan university Rescue workers move an injured victim to an army ambulance. Hide Caption 3 of 13
Photos: Militants attack Pakistan university Rescue workers carry an injured victim from the university. Hide Caption 4 of 13
Photos: Militants attack Pakistan university Rescue workers shout to clear the way for an ambulance transporting an injured victim. Hide Caption 5 of 13
Photos: Militants attack Pakistan university People gather around as police officers move the bodies of attackers. Hide Caption 6 of 13
Photos: Militants attack Pakistan university Pakistani soldiers lead people from the university. Hide Caption 7 of 13
Photos: Militants attack Pakistan university Policemen stand at the bottom of stairs splattered with blood where militants were killed. Hide Caption 8 of 13
Photos: Militants attack Pakistan university Police and onlookers gather in front of a hospital following the attack. Hide Caption 9 of 13
Photos: Militants attack Pakistan university An army helicopter arrives at Bacha Khan University. Hide Caption 10 of 13
Photos: Militants attack Pakistan university A woman cries after their son was injured in the attack. Hide Caption 11 of 13
Photos: Militants attack Pakistan university Soldiers conduct a search operation at the university. Hide Caption 12 of 13
The only thing to fear…
The only thing that the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries “OPEC” has to fear is fear itself, that and declining demand and the shale oil producer. While OPEC preached calm to its members, a rise in the dollar overshadowed geopolitical risk fears and winters early return causing oil to tank after early gains. OPEC's new catch phrase is “don't panic“ as expressed by OPEC Secretary General Abdullah al-Badri, Kuwaiti oil minister, Ali al-Omair, a message coming down from none other than Saudi Oil Minister and cartel leader Ali Naimi himself.
OPEC is giving oil bulls little to hang their hat on. Even the United Arab Emirates economy minister Sultan bin Saeed Al Mansouri said that declining oil prices will have not any material impact on their economy and that OPEC will not cut production. The message is clear that OPEC is going to pump oil until hell freezes over. Of course with the weather forecast being what it is that might be sooner rather than later.
The dollar also is at play in driving down prices. The Japanese yen hit a 7-year low against the dollar as Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe signaled that they may forgo a retail sales hike in effect adding more liquidity expectations than already priced in. The dollars drive higher as the U.S. economy continues to outshine the rest of the globe putting us on different paths in interest rate directions. It reverses the flow of hot money into the emerging markets that we saw as the United States deleveraged in the beginning as the U.S. moved towards quantitative easing. Now the leverage is coming back as Japan and Europe start to stimulate driving stocks in the U.S. and Japan to dizzying heights with no end in sight. At least until the new bubble pops.
Heating Fuels(NYMEX:HOZ) that started off strong ahead of the polar plunge weather reports reversed as well. Natural gas broke a string of nine up days revering to close lower after hitting the highest price level since June. Ultra-low sulfur diesel also fell hard after Midwest cash markets fell after the near panic buying that we saw last week. It seems that for now the market feels the cold blast is priced in and we will wait to see if the weather is as bad as forecasters say it will be.
Yet we know that refining demand should be good. Refining margins should keep U.S. demand for crude strong as it tries to replenish gas and distillate supply that is seeing strong demand. In both gas and distillates supplies are below the five-year average.
Oil traders will also want to see if U.S. production falls after the recent drop in price. A drop in oil rig counts is a sign that the rapid pace of U.S. production may slow. Oil exports in the U.S. hit a 57-year high so it is no wonder that OPEC will be watching for any signs of weakness from the U.S. shale producer. OPEC knows that the U.S. crude oil export ban is going to fall apart as shale condensate is going to be exported regardless. OPEC is convinced that if they don't panic they can bury the U.S. shale revolution. They know to counter the shale threat they have to hang together or almost assuredly they will hang separately. It's all or nothing! Don't Panic, all is well!
Thank You To all of our Veterans for their service! God bless them!
The gap between what Americans import and export unexpectedly widened in February as domestic demand rose for automobiles and fell back for crude oil.
The trade deficit grew 5.7 percent, to $62.3 billion, its highest reading since November and the second consecutive month of increases. The estimate for January was revised up to $59 billion from $58.2 billion, the Commerce Department said on Thursday.
The increase came as a surprise to economists who had expected the economic downturn to suppress domestic demand for foreign goods. Instead, import sales jumped 3.1 percent, the biggest gain in almost a year, to $213.7 billion from a revised $207.3 billion in January.
Americans bought up more foreign motor vehicles, pharmaceutical products and computer equipment in February. The appetite for foreign goods even outpaced the first decline in oil imports in nearly a year. Foreign petroleum sales dipped 1.6 percent in February, though the figure will probably climb back in March, when the price of crude oil reached a record high.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Thursday's report may not bode well for the economy as a whole. With consumer spending on the home front falling, many economists — including those at the Federal Reserve — have said that demand from foreign customers has propped up the ailing American economy, keeping many businesses afloat even as the housing slump and a weakening job market dampen domestic demand.
Registration Issues
Many people experienced one or more issues during World Championship registration due to service provider failures, primarily attributed to extremely heavy network traffic. We apologize for these difficulties, and share your frustrations in their disruption of our registration process.
We would like to collect a short questionnaire about the experience of the affected players. This will allow us to evaluate what future action is possible, and cater any solutions to these players. Please fill out the form below by July 14th with your details and the issue(s) that you experienced. We will provide an analysis and further details on or before July 26th through this article.
If you cannot see the form below, please sign in to Google, or click here to be taken directly to the form.
Loading...
“Where are the ePub, Kindle, iBooks or HTML versions?”
— You
The Internet Archive automatically produces ones, but they're not ideal, so we haven't linked to them here. Design books should be examples of good design, so we'd like to make the electronic versions into the best possible examples of modern, digital books.
We also hope these first eight works, having been dedicated to the public domain, will live on in new web sites and in new formats, and go on to serve as the foundation for new design books, new design classes, and even uses we can't imagine right now.
If you'd like to know when ePub, Kindle, iBooks or HTML versions come out, or when other interesting things happen around these books, with this site, or with Jan V. White, we'd love to let you know via an occasional email. (We will never use it for anything else.)
As the disruption caused by the demonetisation effect continues unabated, government spokespersons have been pointing out that such a massive exercise is bound to cause some disruption. They are absolutely right.
For what Prime Minister Narendra Modi is trying to do, through the demonetisation exercise, through the Benami Property law and by pushing through the Goods and Services Tax (GST), is nothing short of a revolution. And, as Mao said long ago, “A revolution is not a dinner party, or writing an essay, or painting a picture, or doing embroidery; it cannot be so refined, so leisurely and gentle, so temperate, kind, courteous, restrained and magnanimous." What they meant was you can't make an omelette without breaking eggs.
Why call it a revolution? Simply put, if the reforms being forced through now are successful, they would change the face of the Indian economy. I am not talking here of mere GDP growth, but of a fundamental structural change. It is Modi's Great Leap Forward.
Consider the current state of the Indian economy. It consists of a vast informal sector of petty producers, peasants and small farmers, with a thin creamy layer of large-scale, organized, modern enterprises on top. Most of the employment is in the informal sector, although the organized sector contributes about three-fifths of the country's GDP. That's because we have a huge sea of small-scale micro enterprises mired in very low levels of productivity, with very few chances of growth. Study after study has confirmed this characteristic of the Indian economy.
Indeed, the objective of economic policy is to expand the formal sector while contracting the informal one. But that is easier said than done. Instead, jobs for the masses have been mainly in the construction sector, where too productivity is very low. It is imperative therefore to expand the formal sector, which alone will result in higher productivity growth.
The political consensus so far has always been to try and expand the formal sector while at the same time providing support to the masses dependent on the informal sector. That was behind the reservations for small-scale industry in an earlier era. Although those reservations have vanished, the establishment turned a blind eye to the tax evasion rampant in the sector and its use as a means of laundering black money. The result was protection for petty production. To be sure, these protections have been slowly and steadily whittled down, but the tax evasion has continued. It has been a major fetter to the development of a modern capitalist economy.
Also read: Fixing the plumbing—of our political economy
Many units in the informal sector survive because they do not pay taxes. They conduct most of their business in cash. This is true not just for small repair shops and kirana stores but also for larger enterprises, including many small-scale manufacturing establishments. This cost advantage also helps these units compete effectively against their larger and more efficient counterparts in the organized sector, who not only pay taxes but have to comply with a plethora of rules and regulations. In fact, many brokerage reports have pointed out that the introduction of the Goods and Services Tax will be a big help to companies in the formal sector, as they will be able to take away market share from the unorganized sector.
The demonetisation impact will be felt most acutely in the informal economy, which relies more on cash payments. This short-run impact, however, will be overshadowed by the long-run effect, which will see its share of the economy shrink rapidly, as the state rams through its vision of a cashless economy and forces them to pay taxes. Many units in the informal sector are likely to fail as a result. The hope is that the process will lay the base for the growth of a modern, capitalist state, instead of the ramshackle Third World petty production-cum-islands of modern industry model we see now. It will speed up the process of accumulation and will ensure the state has more resources at its command. Normally, the transition to a more formal economy would be slow and steady, taking many years. But Modi is speeding up the process. Like Mao, they probably feel:
‘So many deeds cry out to be done
And always urgently
The world rolls on
Time presses.
Ten thousand years are too long
Seize the day, seize the hour!'
What they are attempting is nothing less than a wholesale transfer of resources from the informal to the formal sector.
Also read: How to account for extinguished notes
There is no guarantee, of course, that Modi will succeed. Such an exercise has no precedent. There will be enormous disruption in the informal economy and even if jobs are immediately available as the formal sector expands, employment intensity is much lower in the formal sector. Unemployment is therefore likely to be a big problem, the more so because the construction sector, which has been the source of jobs for the masses, is likely to feel the heat from the government's measures, simply because it is a big generator of black money. The process of dragging millions of people in the informal sector, kicking and screaming, into the twenty-first century will be a gargantuan task. Modi will have to buffer the pain by providing sops to the masses and by expanding public works. Lower interest rates will also help.
Even so, the endeavour is fraught with great risks, exacerbated by the unsettled global environment. The original Great Leap Forward, after all, was an unmitigated disaster. But perhaps Modi believes, like Mao,:
“There is great disorder under heaven; the situation is excellent."
Manas Chakravarty looks at trends and issues in the financial markets.
Well, it has been two years now.
I would like to announce that we have started working on the UNDERTALE ALARM CLOCK APP FOR IPHONE/ANDROID. Me and my friend Chess are working on it in our spare time.
Basically, it's a barely-functioning Alarm Clock app, where a few of the characters from UNDERTALE will set your alarm for you. (Actually, I highly discourage using it as an Alarm Clock, and take no responsibility for what happens if you do.)
However… it's not only an Alarm Clock! You can interact with these characters in some simple ways and read a little bit of dialogue from them. This dialogue is pretty similar to the Q&A in terms of tone: Not very important, but pretty fun.
Since it's just a minor project, development is really slow. There's no specific release date. I'd say “hopefully 2018,” but if it ends up taking way longer, it wouldn't be too shocking. No idea on pricing either…
Because there's no Q&A this year, I'll leave you with some snippets of character dialogue from the project behind the cut. Hopefully you can figure out which character is which…!
And, here is the concept art I drew for the Alarm Clock's character screen. (Chess wants to clarify they had nothing to do with this drawing…)
That's right. So if you think this looks good, um… That's all I have to offer…
11:12 am • 15 September 2017 • 11,431 notes
Fat Fuck Boone is featured in the first episode of Al's Monster Mod review. Al needed someone else to help show off this mod, and at the time, Al only had Mister Cuddlesworth, so Jerry McGhoulBerry wasn't around to help showcase the mod.
Origin Edit
Al first went to Boone and proceeded to make them fat to demonstrate the Chunky Duncan Race mod made by Riven1978. The reason they were naked is because Al was making a montage with some fat naked people dancing but forgot to turn it off. Later they found that there were practically no clothes for them and Fat Fuck Boone except for some clothes from the Point Lookout DLC. Fat Fuck Boone was killed by Al due to misfire and then resurrected only to never be seen again after they walked away from Al, upset that they were shot to death. For the most part, Fat Fuck Boone was censored while naked, however, there are some parts where Boone can be seen (less than 1 second) without being censored.
Fat Fuck Boone makes a final appearance after years of absence in New Vegas Montages: Farewell New Vegas, having been captured by the Business Radroaches and the Radios.  They are eventually freed by Al and assists them in taking down the Business Radroaches in the bunker before leaving with the rest of Al's secondary companions, heading out into the wasteland while Al promises to save the Mojave.
Trivia Edit
Kansas City Royals Fans Get Into Brawl At Kids Play Area At Kaufmann Stadium
We hear about fans getting into stadium brawls all the time, but this one from Kansas City is a bit different.
Usually these sorts of things happen in the outfield bleachers when fans who have had a bit too much to drink start arguing. Royal fans brawl in children's playground areas instead.
The fight started when someone walked in front of parents who were trying to take a photo of their child. What started as an argument then descended into profanity & racial-slur-filled chaos, with spitting thrown in for good measure.
From KMBC:
Witnesses said the foursome began shouting and cursing at each other and then began exchanging blows. One woman was knocked to the ground, where the other woman began kicking her, according to the police report. “We peek around the corner expecting to see kids fighting, but it's four adults right on the playground,” said Laura Phipps, who witnessed the fight. Phipps said the fight was going on while their daughter was coming down the slide. “The fight was at the bottom of the slide. They set their feet down to see a gentleman take a head and bang it against the concrete,” Phipps told KMBC's Dan Weinbaum. Phipps said their daughter was knocked down during the melee. “It was beyond a brawl. It started out as four people, and then as kids were getting toppled, those parents came in, the women were fighting,” Phipps said. “The saddest scene was a girl wrapped around mom's waist and saying, ‘Please don't,' and she's throwing punches.”
That woman will not be winning any Mother Of The Year awards any time soon. Two people were taken into custody: James T. Mela & Ronika L. Brooks.
The best reaction to all of this was from the Kansas City Royals organization who said “it was an unfortunate incident and they wish it hadn't happened.”
It's nice to see that the Royals wish that people didn't get into fights in the kids area at their games. Too many other baseball teams actively encourage this.
Police Investigate Brawl At The ‘K' [KMBC]
Parents Brawl At Royals' Youth Park [KCTV]
Like this post? Subscribe to our RSS feed or get Sports Rubbish in your inbox every day!
Man, oh, man, I was in heaven when I made these. These little gems were perhaps THE best low-carb kitchen creation of my now 6+ years of low-carbing! I'm even going to give this recipe my “mouthgasm” award. I took my Gluten-Free Grain Free Focaccia Bread recipe and with some considerable effort, used it as a crust to create crawfish pies to rival any I have eaten in Louisiana. I wantonly admit to scarfing down a lot of them in my time there. It's one of my favorite Cajun foods when we visit Louisiana. My filling consisted of basically my crawfish étouffée recipe, a little thickener and my focaccia bread for the crust. I knew as this idea was germinating in my head this afternoon that sealing the edges would be tricky and take some ingenuity, as I would be using a thick batter, not a traditional, rollable pie crust. And IT WORKED for me! Best of all, the bread dough ended up tasting amazingly like, ummmm…………real PIE CRUST!!! Even my fussy, non-low-carbing husband said it tasted like piecrust and gave tonight's dinner two thumbs up! The ratio of filling to crust was just perfect on these, too!
I have even made this recipe up as mini crawfish pies (makes 30), but use my Carbalose Pie Crust as it rolls nicer than this crust. Here's what the mini version looks like:
I can't tell you how pleased I am with this recipe and thought you'd enjoy listening to the song that made this Louisiana Cajun delicacy famous to put you in the mood: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xnKOVPXhlnE. I can even see berry/fruit empanadas on the horizon! These pies are suitable once you reach Phase 2 nuts & seeds rung of the Atkins OWL carb ladder. They would not be suitable for Paleo-Primal due to the dairy in the bread. By the way, I started preparing this meal at 4pm and we were eating it at 5:30! Longer than most of my recipes, but much faster than I thought it would take to prepare! This recipe boasts some pretty impressive nutritional stats below as well!
More delicious low-carb recipes can be at your fingertips with your very own set of Jennifer Eloff and friends' best-selling cookbooks LOW CARBING AMONG FRIENDS. They have collaborated with famous low-carb Chef George Stella and several other talented chefs to bring you a wealth of delicious recipes you are going to want to try. Even a few of my recipes are in their cookbooks! Order your 5-volume set TODAY! (available individually) from Amazon or: http://amongfriends.us/order.php
DISCLAIMER: I do not get paid for this book promotion or for the inclusion of my recipes therein. I do so merely because they are GREAT cookbooks any low-carb cook would be proud to add to their cookbook collection
INGREDIENTS:
4 T. butter
2 oz. onion, chopped
½ c. each green bell pepper and celery, chopped (I used both red and green bell pepper in mine)
¼ c. each green onion and parsley , chopped
6 oz. crawfish tails (I use the frozen and defrost)
2 cloves garlic, minced
½ tsp. my Seafood Spice blend
1/8 tsp. salt
6 drops Tobasco or other hot sauce
Dash each ground thyme and black pepper
1/3 c. chicken stock (preferably homemade)
¼ tsp. glucomannan powder, xanthan gum or your favorite thickener
1 recipe my Gluten-free Grain-free Focaccia Bread
DIRECTIONS: Melt butter in skillet over high heat. Add celery, green pepper and onion. Add Seafood Spice Blend, salt, pepper and thyme. Saute until vegetables are completely tender. Add Tobasco. Add green onion, parsley, garlic and crawfish and stir. Add glucomannan powder (or your chosen thickener) and chicken stock and stir to blend altogether. Turn fire off.
Preheat oven to 350º. Make the bread/”pastry” in a medium mixing bowl according to the directions for that recipe. You need to decide on the shape you want your pies to have (I used a 3 x 6″ oval dish shape, but round or square would work as well) . I cut parchment paper to fit a large sheet pan. I inverted my dish on the parchment paper and drew five outlines of the dish with a marker pen, so I could be sure my pies would all be uniform in size and shape. When the batter is ready, scoop up exactly 3 T. onto each drawn outline on your parchment. Then, using a fork, very gently spread the batter out thinly to within ¼” of the outlines you drew (you don't want the batter to touch the ink). It will be thin, but should go nearly to the edges with effort. Pop the pan into your 350º oven and bake just 10 minutes. Remove from oven and increase oven temp to 375º.
Using a spoon, section off the seafood filling in your skillet into 5 equal portions and spoon 1/5 of the filling onto each of the baked bottom “crusts”. Spread the filling evenly to within ¼” of the edge of the bottom crust. The filling should be slightly mounded in the center. Again using a spoon, make 5 equal portions of the remaining batter in your bowl. Here's where it gets a little tricky. I spooned one of the marked off portions of batter into one hand and using my fork, dotted the batter evenly over the top and sides of the pile of seafood filling, using the fork then to try to blend those tiny dots into a contiguous top “crust”. It didn't cover perfectly, but I was able to create a respectable top crust on each pie. During the baking the top crust slightly spreads out to fill in most of those little gaps in the batter.
Pop the pan into a now 375º oven and bake for 10-12 minutes or until lightly browned on top. Serve at once with a nice green salad or perhaps your favorite green veggie. I hope you enjoy these as much as we did!
NUTRITIONAL INFO: Makes 5 large hand pies, each contains:
395 calories
30.5 g fat
8.62 g carbs, 3.64 g fiber, 4.98 g NET CARBS
24.6 g protein
471 mg sodium
Makes about 30 mini crawfish pies for appetizers, with approximately 1.0 net carb per pie (no top crust used)
The Utah Jazz have to be one of the least watched teams in the NBA, but they're young and have put together a really interesting roster, so let's get right into it!
Point Guards
I'll be honest, I was excited about Dante Exum when they were coming out, and I realize they only played an average of 22 minutes last year, but things aren't looking great. Check out these numbers: 34.9% on field goals, 31.4% from three, and a horrible 62.5% from the line. Ok, so maybe they aren't a shooter, fine, but last year per 36 minutes, they got 2.6 rebounds, 3.9 assists, 0.8 steals, and 2.3 turnovers. Again, they were a rookie, but if the Jazz continue their trend of Trey Burke and Exum splitting time, I don't think it's crazy to think their development could easily be stunted.
I think what the Jazz really need is an undeniable distributor, and they don't have anything like that on the roster. As a team, they ranked 29th last year in assists per game; Trey Burke led the team with 4.3. So, they've got Burke and Burks scoring 12 or 13 a game, dishing out 3 or 4 assists, and Exum doing less in each category. That's just not a long-term guard strategy.
As I've mentioned in other comparisons, here's why I like the Kings point guard squad better: Rondo has something to prove if they want to get paid again, Collison has arguable NBA starter-level talent, and the Seth Curry/David Stockton duo is nothing, if not interesting.
I think Rondo and Collison are clearly superior to Burke and Exum. I know nothing about Bryce Cotton and Raul Neto, but I'm going to go out on a limb and say that I prefer Stockton and Curry.
Shooting Guards
Now that Alec Burks has been in the league four years, I think we've got a good idea of exactly what they are…and it's not great. He's coming off of shoulder surgery, only played 27 games last year, and though they averaged 2 points, 1 assist, and 1 rebound more than Ben McLemore last year, I believe Burks has basically found their ceiling and McLemore still may not be close to his. This season will decide whether or not Ben will ever get there.
I like Rodney Hood, and I think they could contribute about as much as Marco Belinelli does this year. I don't anticipate James Anderson playing much more than Elijah Millsap, so this comparison really comes down to Burks vs. McLemore, and I'll take McLemore's upside.
Small Forwards
Did you know that Gordon Hayward shot 47% from three point range in 72 games their rookie year? They didn't take that many, but still, that's impressive. Anyway, I really like Hayward, and he's the main reason I called this comparison a draw. My decision was made easier when I realized that Rudy Gay and Hayward had almost identical averages in everything from FG% to rebounds, assists, etc. last year.
The backups are more or less a draw as well. The Kings have the edge in experience, the Jazz have the advantage of young guys out to prove themselves.
Power Forwards
Initially, I hesitated for a second because I truly believe that Derrick Favors is one of the more underrated players in the league. Clearly he's not as good as Cousins, but he's a very solid power forward. Plus, I'm intrigued by Trey Lyles, the 12th overall pick, and would not be surprised if they contributed more than Quincy Acy this year. But when you consider minutes played, the comparison that really matters is Favors vs. Cousins, and that winner is clear as day.
Centers
I may get some pushback for calling this one a draw, but hear me out. Rudy Gobert is one of the best young big men in the game. They were 14th in the league in rebounding last year (6th if you look at rebounds per 48 minutes), 4th in blocks, and they scored 8.4 points in 26.3 minutes per game. He's better than Koufos in every category I've seen, and without knowing exactly what Willie Cauley-Stein will be (though coincidentally, I think they could be a lot like Gobert), you've got to give the edge to Gobert.
The only reason this ends in a draw is because behind Gobert, you've got some sizable question marks. The combination of Cooley, Jerrett, and Pleiss is not nearly as appealing as Koufos or WCS, whoever ends up playing backup.
They asked us to make crazy stuff that they could put on TV.
The producers of Good Morning America sent us 5,000+ Peeps to play with.
First we tried to bake them into a ostrich egg cake.
Then we tried to melt them into fondue.
Peeps don't melt the way marshmallows do because they are covered in a thick layer of sugar, which both insulates the marshmallow part from melting, but burns quickly on the outside if placed directly in a pot. So to make a fondue, we learned that it's best to combine Peeps with a little butter and cream. (You can also do this easily in the microwave.) The ratio of 10 Peeps to 1 tablespoon butter worked — we also added a tablespoon of cream. That combination was stable (stayed melty and gooey/didn't break and separate) when sitting over low heat. But when we dipped fruit and crackers into it for a taste, we all had miserable sugar headaches instantly. FAIL.
Remove ice tray from freezer and put peeps on top of ice blocks. Pour cold water into muffin cups to fill them to the top, then put back in freezer for another hour until frozen solid. Strain lemonade into punch bowl, add seller and Peepsicles. Serve immediately.
Fill muffin tin cups 1/2 full with water. Place in freezer for 1-2 hours, until frozen solid. Meanwhile, wash mint springs and put them in the lemonade bottle. Seal and shake, and let sit in fridge for an hour to infuse the flavor.
That was delightful because the Peeps look like they are floating in the punch.
It was also pretty popular around the office — once we added gin.
But the Peeps demanded even more.
So we made a Peepza. And it was surprisingly delicious!
Peeperoni Peepza
Recipe reluctantly yet blissfully created by Emily Fleischaker and Andrew Gauthier
Serves 6
INGREDIENTS
For crust
12 graham crackers crushed (about 2 cups crumbs)
1 teaspoon kosher salt
10 yellow Peeps (3 oz)
1 tablespoon butter
For topping
3/4 cup Nutella
1 3-oz dark chocolate bar broken into small pieces
5 Peeps in whatever color you like
1 tablespoon shredded coconut
1 tablespoon chopped unsalted peanuts
kosher salt to taste
PREPARATION
For crust
Preheat broiler. To make crumbs out of the crackers, put crackers in a plastic bag, seal bag, and whack with the back of a spoon. You want mostly small crumbs with some larger chunks mixed in. Add salt and stir to combine.
Microwave butter with 10 Peeps for 25 seconds, stir to combine. Coat your hands or a spoon with baking spray then work the melted marshmallow into the graham cracker crumbs. Press the mixture onto a greased baking sheet in one even layer, forming a 12-diameter circle. Allow crust to sit for 10 minutes — if possible in the fridge.
For topping
Microwave Nutella 30 seconds, then spread it onto the crust. Drop chocolate pieces onto the Nutella. Microwave Peeps for 10 seconds, then transfer to pizza with a spatula and place under the broiler for 1-2 minutes, until Peeps have browned and chocolate is melty. Top with coconut, chopped peanuts, and kosher salt. Serve warm.
Biological anthropologist Helen Fisher has a pretty perfect description of what it's like to be in love with someone. Simply put, they say, that person becomes the centre of the world. You have an intense craving to be with that person, not just sexually, but emotionally. You can list the things you don't like about them, but all that gets pushed aside and you focus only on what you do like about them.
"It's an obsession," Fisher said in TED Talk called 'Why we love, why we cheat.'
What's going on biologically, though, is far less romantic, and it explains why we sometimes cheat on those we love.
Romantic love is essentially just elevated activity of the reward hormone dopamine in the brain. In the TED talk, Fisher explains an experiment where they and a team of scientists scanned the brains of people who were in love. The team showed the smitten person a neutral photo and then a photo of their beloved. They recorded which regions of the brain were active while the person gazed at the photo of their partner.
The researchers found that one of the most important brain regions that became active when each person looked at a photo of their partner is the reward system - the same brain area that lights up when a person takes cocaine or has an orgasm. That means that "romantic love is not an emotion, it's a drive," Fisher said. "And in fact, I think it's more powerful than the sex drive."
Many other studies have found the same thing: love operates as a motivation and reward system in the brain. So, if love is rewarding, what drives us to cheat on people we fall in love with? The problem is that romantic love isn't the only brain system that is activated when we fall for someone. There are actually three brain systems related to love, Fisher explained.
There's the sex drive, which is like an "intolerable neural itch," to get us out searching for a range of partners to help pass on our genes. There's romantic love, which helps us focus our mating energy on one person. And then there's attachment, the calm and security we feel with a long-term partner so we can raise children with them as a team.
However, those three brain systems, sex drive, romantic love, and attachment, aren't always connected to each other. So it's possible to feel deep attachment to a long-term partner at the same time you feel intense romantic love toward someone else and even also feel sexual attraction toward another person, Fisher said.
"In short, we're capable of loving more than one person at a time," Fisher said. And that's why, Fisher says, some people may cheat on their partner. It's why someone can lay in bed at night thinking about deep feelings of attachment to one person and swing to thoughts of romantic love for another person. "It's as if there's a committee meeting going on inside your head as you try to decide what to do," Fisher said. "I don't think honestly that we're an animal that was built to be happy - we're an animal that was built to reproduce. I think the happiness we find, we make."
This all sounds like a cynical take on love, but Fisher says that, despite all these straightforward and unavoidable biological processes, there's still mystery and "magic to it."
This article was originally published by Business Insider.
More from Business Insider:
A boy rides a hoverboard in Santa Monica, California, United States, February 23, 2016. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Ten companies are recalling about 501,000 hoverboards after numerous reports of the self-balancing scooters' batteries catching fire, the U.S. Consumer Products Safety Commission said on Wednesday.
There have been at least 99 incidents of the two-wheeled devices' lithium-ion battery packs overheating, sparking, smoking, catching fire or exploding, the commission said in a statement. The incidents include an unspecified number of burns and property damage.
“We've all seen pictures of homes destroyed and families that made it out just in time,” Commission Chairman Elliot Kaye told a news conference.
Consumers were urged to stop using the recalled hoverboards and contact the companies named in the recall for a refund, repair or replacement.
The recall covers hoverboard models from eight importers: Digital Gadgets LLC, Monroe, New Jersey; Hoverboard LLC, Scottsdale, Arizona; Hype Wireless, Edison, New Jersey; Keenford Ltd, Hong Kong; PTX Performance Products USA, Irvine, California; Razor USA LLC, Cerritos, California; Yuka Clothing, of Miami; and Swagway LLC, of South Bend, Indiana.
The recall also affects models from two retailers - Boscov's of Reading, Pennsylvania, and Overstock.com Inc, of Salt Lake City, Utah.
The models were sold from June 2015 through May for between $350 and $900, the commission statement said. The scooters and batteries were made in China.
The commission also said that China-based e-commerce company Alibaba Group Holding Ltd has acted on its own to require certification from testing agencies for hoverboards listed by third parties on its AliExpress.com and Alibaba.com online sites.
The International Air Transport Association (IATA) has recommended that the self-balancing scooters be carried only in cabin baggage, rather than in the hold, but it remains up to each airline to decide their exact policy.
1 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
Viewer outrage is mounting on social media as the pressure is growing on TLC to cancel 19 Kids and Counting after Josh Duggar admitted to molesting girls.
The point is being repeatedly raised that TLC canceled Honey Boo Boo after June was founded to be associating with a convicted child molester. TLC established the precedent with the way they handled Here Comes Honey Boo Boo. Viewers are expecting the network to do the same in the case of Josh Duggar and 19 Kids and Counting.
Here is a sampling of some of the Twitter reaction:
Does this mean TLC will finally cancel the Duggar show? It's the same reason they cancelled Honey Boo Boo. A sex crime is a sex crime. — Nina Nicole (@NinaNicole) May 21, 2015
I seriously hope TLC will cancel 19 Kids and Counting after these reports on Josh Duggar — abbie (@trillolita_) May 22, 2015
@TLC canceled Honey Boo Boo when they found out their mom's BF sexually abused children. Need to cancel 19 Kids and Counting Josh Duggar — joe villa (@mikeejoe) May 22, 2015
@TLC I would hope you have the decency to cancel 19 kids & counting now that there's proof @joshduggar is a sick p.o.s.!!!!!! — _justmandy_ (@metal_mama3) May 21, 2015
TLC continues to drag their feet, so it is up to you to demand the cancelation of 19 Kids. Please sign our petition and tell TLC that you will not tolerate Josh Duggar and their family's television show remaining on the air.
This is an issue of not allowing corporate America to reward a man who has admitted to committing sex crimes. The pressure is growing on TLC. The longer they wait to cancel the Duggars, the more public outrage will grow.
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
BioWare and LucasArts are excited to announce that, starting today, Star Wars™: The Old Republic™ is offering SMS billing in a limited number of countries through BOKU. The SMS billing option is now available in the following countries: Germany, France, Taiwan, South Korea, Brazil, Turkey, Poland, Russia, Ukraine, Czech Republic, Norway, Sweden, Belgium, Hungary, Spain, Australia, and The Netherlands.
SMS billing can only be used to purchase 450 Cartel Coins at this time. Carrier fees may be added to this purchase. Cartel Coins are a virtual currency used in the in-game Cartel Market to purchase gear, boosts and special value items. Visit the online store to purchase Cartel Coins.
We will look for opportunities to expand to other countries as SMS billing or other services become available, and will continue to explore additional billing options that offer value and convenience to our players globally.
As always, be sure to check StarWarsTheOldRepublic.com for latest updates and follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube.
This year's Republican National Convention has faced several problems. In addition to sabotage attempts from politicians within their own party, the convention has also suffered from a distinct lack of minority presence. In fact, the speaker slate at the convention has so far included more members of the Trump family than Hispanics. So when Saturday Night Live‘s “Weekend Update” came to the RNC for a special edition, co-host Michael Che parodied Pokémon Go with “Trumpemon Go,” an attempt to find rare minorities at the convention.
“As Trump would always say, let's round up some brown people!” Che said.
Che was able to find such rare minorities as “Selfie Stick Black Man” and “Asian Man,” but it wasn't long before co-host Colin Jost was suggesting a wall mural of Aladdin. By the time a fellow convention-goer called them “Jay Pharoah,” Che was done with the whole thing.
Watch the clip below.
October 3, 2013
With Tea Partying Republicans forcing a government shutdown, Elizabeth Schulte reports on what Washington has in store for the poor in the era of endless austerity.
THE NUTRITION Reform and Work Opportunity Act.
It's a nice-sounding name for cruel legislation that would consign millions of people to hunger and malnutrition, where the only "opportunity" is for Republicans to carry out another attack on workers and the poor.
In September, the House of Representatives voted to cut the Supplemental Nutritional Assistance Program (SNAP), better known as food stamps, by $40 billion over the next 10 years. Republicans say they're willing to go to any length to eliminate so-called wasteful big government spending--in the interest of getting the American economy back on its feet, of course. And that includes sentencing millions to a future of hunger and poverty.
This week, the House Republicans proved just how fanatical they are about stopping any reform to the U.S. health care system--even the fundamentally flawed and far-from-radical Affordable Care Act. They decided they'd rather see the federal government shut down than give up on their plans to delay the health care law from taking effect.
The let-them-eat-cuts Congress (Eric Ruder | SW)
Yes, the Republicans were willing to take that "risk"--though, of course, the "risk" is all ours--when the federal government shut down, some 9 million mothers and infants who rely on Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants and Children, known as WIC, had to figure out another way to eat.
Back in September, when they were preparing to slash food stamps, Tennessee Rep. Stephen Fincher made the Republicans' intensions clear when they spoke in favor of the bill. "The one who is unwilling to work shall not eat," said the Tea Party Republican, quoting from the Bible.
Fincher was summing up the "Let them eat cuts" attitude that permeates the halls of Congress--most obviously among Republicans, but also Democrats, who accept the need for drastic reductions in spending on crucial government programs, but disagree about how deep to go.
Fincher "represents" the state of Tennessee, where poverty and hunger wracks its large, rural population. In Dyer County, for example, more than 19 percent of residents were considered "food insecure" in 2011, according to the food bank network Feeding America.
But the Bible-quoting Congressman from Tennessee doesn't hate all "big government" programs. Fincher happens to be the second-largest recipient of farm subsidies among all members of Congress.
In other words, while he's preaching the gospel of hard work to the undeserving poor, Fincher is squirreling away millions in corporate welfare for himself.
Since 1973, food stamps funding has been included in a farm bill that is passed every five years. This year, however, House Republicans weren't satisfied with a $20 billion cut in funding that was supposed to be included in the legislation, so it separated out the food stamps elements of the bill in July. Now that the farm bill--with its billions in lucrative subsidies--is separate, the House is carving even deeper cuts in the SNAP program.
The House proposal would require people between the ages of 18 and 50 without minor children find a job or enroll in a work-training program in order to receive benefits. The bill would also strictly limit the time that people can receive food stamps to three months over a three-year period--state governments would be barred from extending the deadline.
"This bill makes getting Americans back to work a priority again for our nation's welfare programs," said House Speaker John Boehner. As if going hungry makes it easier to find a job.
WHEN REPUBLICANS complain about recent increases in SNAP funding, they claim that it's another bloated big government program that needs to be kept in check.
And they're right on one count. Food stamps use has increased--not because of "bloated government spending," but because hunger has increased.
As the Center for Budget and Policy Priorities (CBPP) notes, the main factors driving increased use of food stamps historically isn't "waste" or "cheating," but increases in poverty and the economy. According to the CBPP report:
After unemployment insurance, SNAP historically has been the most responsive federal program in assisting families and communities during economic downturns. The recent downturn was no exception. SNAP grew rapidly between 2008 and 2011, reflecting the rising numbers of Americans who lost their jobs and the rising number who were struggling to make ends meet.
Most people don't need a study to tell them that during economic hard times, the government should provide services for those affected by the crisis. But maybe the Republicans do--since the first thing they think about is cutting services to the most vulnerable people in society.
Two weeks before the House voted to cut food stamps funding, the U.S. Agriculture Department (USDA), which administers the SNAP program, reported that 17.6 million households didn't have enough to eat at some point last year. The numbers have changed little since 2008, when the economy hit the low point of the official recession--but they are much worse than they were a decade ago.
The reality is that food stamps--despite the average benefit being just $133.41 a month, or about $4.45 a day, last year--often provide the thin barrier holding many families out of destitution.
Some 47 million people currently rely on food stamps, and according to the Census Bureau, food stamps helped to bring some 4 million people above the poverty line. According to the USDA, most people who do participate in the food stamp program--72 percent--are families with children. More than a quarter of recipients live in households with seniors or people with disabilities.
In fact, the bigger problem is that not enough people are signing up for food stamps. According to the USDA, about a quarter of people who are eligible don't get them. The percentage is much higher among the elderly.
If the Republicans' food stamp cuts make it through to law, you can forget about more people signing up--an estimated 4 million current recipients could lose benefits next year, and another 3 million are projected to be dropped each year after that.
The Republicans' food stamps bill also places harsh restrictions on people getting benefits from other government programs--and polices their behavior, such as provisions requiring that recipients be tested for drug use.
The three-month limit on benefits that the Republicans want to strictly enforce was originally part of the 1996 welfare "reform" legislation that Democratic President Bill Clinton signed into law. Since then, the federal government has allowed states to waive the rule during times of high unemployment.
The limit was punitive in 1996, but it's even worse in the light of today's economy. As the CBPP pointed out in a report in August, the limits were supposed to be accompanied by a job-training program, but that was never properly funded:
Few states operate workfare or training programs for these individuals (either at all or on more than a very small scale). As a result, most of these jobless adults are simply cut off SNAP after three months, no matter how much they want to work, how hard they are looking for a job, and how willing they are to accept any available job and participate in a work or training program...Only five states committed to providing a job training or workfare opportunity to all individuals subject to the cutoff in 2012.
The 1996 law included provisions for states to apply for temporary waivers on limits if they could prove high unemployment in their area. Today, Republicans want to uphold the rule--without exceptions.
The food stamps cuts are still being debated in Congress, but some state governments are already moving to cut people off SNAP. Oklahoma and Kansas plan to cut adults without dependents who aren't working or enrolled in a job training for 20 or more hours a week. Wisconsin plans to enact this provision in July, bringing to eight the number of states to make this move.
THE REPUBLICAN House's vote to cut to food stamps came just a few days after more terrible news for U.S. workers, when the U.S. Census Bureau released data on poverty in America.
The report found that while unemployment has decreased--reaching a recent low of 7.8 percent last year, down from 9.1 percent in 2011--poverty has not fallen. Some 15 percent of Americans, or 46.5 million people, live below the official poverty line--a number that has little changed from 2011, during a supposed economic recovery.
Median household income also stayed about the same from 2011 to 2012, at $51,017. If you look over the period of a decade, the decline is much worse--median household income, after adjusting for inflation, fell almost $7,500 from 2000 to 2012, for an 11.6 percent decline.
In other words, the decrease in the unemployment rate doesn't mean people are finding jobs that will support them and their families. On the contrary, these numbers indicate that people are staying in jobs where they might go for years without receiving raises--or are finding new jobs where they're paid less than what they got before.
Americans are feeling the pinch, and there are growing contradictions between the promise of the American Dream and the way working-class Americans actually live.
So while a recent Washington Post-Miller Center poll showed that many people still thought opportunities were possible through hard work and education, they had a dimmer view of their actual prospects. Almost two-thirds of people express concerns about covering their family's basic living expenses, and one in three say they worried about money all or most of the time.
When asked how likely they thought it was that they'd get a raise or find a better-paying job in the next five years, more than half said they doubted it. Half of the people polled said they have taken part in some sort of training to improve their skills in the past 12 months, with 72 percent reporting that it hasn't made much of a difference in their wages.
Meanwhile, the recession is an increasingly distant memory for Corporate America. Almost all U.S. companies have returned to profitability, sometimes at a record level, in large part because of "streamlining efforts"--in other words, layoffs and cuts to workers' wages and benefits.
You know--the kind of cost-cutting measures that drive workers to depend on food stamps.
To add injury to injury, Congress' response has amounted to little more than lectures about the need to "tighten our belts"--and when they say "our," they mean you, not them.
THE DEMOCRATS have promised to fight the Republicans' cruel attack on food stamps. But they don't disagree with the principle of cutting the social safety net in general. This has played out several times in the Obama administration's deals with Republicans over the federal budget.
Regardless of what happens with the current attack on SNAP, there will be deep cuts in November, when a provision in the 2009 fiscal stimulus bill, passed during Obama's first month in office, that suspended the work requirement expires. And this says nothing of the budget cuts affecting primarily poor workers that have already gone into effect, with the quiet acquiescence of the Democrats.
As a result of the budget sequester, $85 billion in automatic cuts to federal spending went into effect on March 1. A few examples of the cuts illustrate just who Washington wants to pay for the crisis.
Head Start, which provides early childhood education and other services, such as parenting workshops and health screenings for low-income children and their families, was one victim of Washington's belt-tightening. Some 57,000 poor children will no longer be able to use Head Start services.
Federally funded school programs for poor communities and mentally and physically handicapped kids were also targets of the sequester. Jeff Bisek, the schools superintendent for the White Earth Indian reservation in Minnesota, told Reuters that the district tried to make up the shortfall this year by scaling back--on tutoring and a program for teenage mothers.
According to the CBPP, state and local housing agencies will be forced to cut the number of low-income families getting Housing Choice Vouchers by roughly 140,000 by early 2014. This will mean more people ending up in the ranks of the homeless.
Also on the chopping block: seniors who count on food assistance from the Meals On Wheels program. At the Osceola Council on Aging in Florida, sequestration cut 20 percent of its funding--so the council is cutting the Thursday meal. In protest, seniors gathered last month and wrote messages on paper plates to send to Florida Sens. Marco Rubio and Bill Nelson. "Your plate is full, what about mine?" 79-year-old Betty Bash wrote on their plate.
Workers are already bearing the brunt of the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression of the 1930s--and the only answer Congress has for them is cuts, cuts and more cuts.
Maybe it's time to start cutting from the top.
China has been identified as the nation from which the most data breaches were conducted from, according to a new Verizon study. One company executive, however, say this could be due to lax domestic regulations rather than China being the most active source of online attacks.
According to Verizon's 2013 Data Breach Investigation Report (DBIR) released Tuesday, China was the only Asian country on the top 10 threat origins list. In fact, out of the 40 threat origins the company identified, China emerged tops with 30 percent of all data breaches coming from there. By contrast, Romania came in second at 28 percent and the United States third with 18 percent, the report added.
The report only disclosed the top 10 threat origins and did not publish the other 30.
Of the 30 percent, 96 percent of data breaches conducted from China were linked to cyberespionage-related motivations. This contrasts with the other nine threat origins on the list, as their data breaches were mostly financially motivated, it noted.
"This may mean that other threat groups perform their activities with greater stealth and subterfuge, but it could also mean that China is, in fact, the most active source of national and industrial espionage in the world today," the report said.
The DBIR is in its sixth year of publication, and the 2013 edition covered 47,000 reported security incidents and 621 confirmed breaches. It also featured new contributors to the report, namely the Malaysia Computer Emergency Response Team (MyCERT) of Cybersecurity Malaysia, Deloitte, and CERT Insider Threat Center at Carnegie Mellon University Software Engineering Institute.
However, Patrick Lum, senior consultant at Verizon Enterprise Solutions, told ZDNet Asia in an interview Thursday the high number of data breaches attributed to China should not mean it is the most active perpetrator of cyberespionage activities.
They said the high number could be because Internet regulations in the country are not as strict as other countries, and it may be easier for criminals to conduct their hacking activities from there.
"We are not going with the 'China is bad and scary' message. Rather, it's certainly big and an important part of the entire picture, and it is definitely an up and coming [trend] in the security landscape," Lum said.
Changing motives mean fewer data stolen by hacktivists
The DBIR also showed that while the number of hactivist-related attacks in 2012 remain on par with the year before, the amount of data stolen has dropped significantly. In 2011, 58 percent of data stolen were attributed to hacktivism, but this had been reduced to 2 percent a year later, it noted.
Lum said the fall in data stolen was because of the attackers' changing motives. Where in the past hacktivists would hack into companies' servers, steal data and post the information online to negatively impact these organizations' reputations, they are now conducting more distributed denial of service (DDoS) attacks to disrupt companies' Web services, they explained.
Ajaykumar Biyani, solutions consultant of global strategic services at Verizon Southeast Asia, who was also present during the interview, pointed out another reason was that two notable hacktivist groups--Anonymous and LulzSec--collaborated in 2011 and contributed to the surge in stolen data.
However, leader of LulzSec, Hector Xavier Monsegur, was arrested in March 2012 and they helped authorities capture several of the group's other members and this caused a drop in the number of attacks as well, Biyani explained.
DDoS attacks, however, will increasingly be something companies will have to contend with.
"It is relatively easy and cheap to cause a DDoS attack , and the effect is strong and sophisticated," Biyani said. "[Verizon] already [sees] huge attacks coming in every day and expect more to come."
The Internet is teaching our children how to do awesome things.
Take, for example, Jake Bell of Louisville, Kentucky. The young lad — only twelve years old — had grown tired of beating their classmates for their lunch money. Seeking a more efficient method of extracting money from their fellow children, Jake started their very own Counter-Strike: Global Offensive betting site.
“I came up with the idea after I tried to steal Jimmy's weekly allowance of lunch money. I like to collect it on Monday so that Jimmy has nothing to eat the entire week,” said Jake, the young entrepreneur. “However, it turns out that Jimmy was already starving himself, so that they could spend all of their lunch money on CSGO Lotto.”
Gambling websites like Jake's, have the support of many institutions in Counter-Strike esports. Electronic Sports League is known to promote betting sites, letting people know that there are esports organizations even shadier than ESL. However, CS:GO gambling has also received criticism from both inside and outside of esports.
“Not only is CS:GO riddled with gambling sites, but the game itself is a massive online casino,” said Eben Novy-Williams, Bloomberg writer and actual name. “Weapon drops are much like the lottery. Crate unlocks are a lot like a roulette wheel. Ranked games are a lot like the poker game in Casino Royale, because everyone is playing like an idiot and the weird Slavic guy is cheating.”
“We don't need to regulate so-called ‘gambling' websites, because skins aren't money,” stated Valve CEO Gabe Newell. “I mean, if you fix a match in order to earn skins, we won't hesitate to ban you forever and ruthlessly destroy your careers. But skins aren't money.”
In the meantime, Jake Bell's website is massively popular among their classmates, and looks to stay that way for quite some time.
“My teachers always tell me that I shouldn't bully others,” said Jake. “But Tmartn and many other CS:GO people have shown me that even when I'm an adult, I can bully a lot and make tons of money from it.”
“I hope I can be mean to people forever,” they added, optimistically.
Soaring food prices have caused riots or contributed to political turmoil in a host of poor countries in recent months, including Algeria , Egypt and Bangladesh , where palm oil, a common biofuel ingredient, provides crucial nutrition to a desperately poor populace. During the second half of 2010, the price of corn rose steeply — 73 percent in the United States — an increase that the United Nations World Food Program attributed in part to the greater use of American corn for bioethanol.
“The fact that cassava is being used for biofuel in China, rapeseed is being used in Europe , and sugar cane elsewhere is definitely creating a shift in demand curves,” said Timothy D. Searchinger, a research scholar at Princeton University who studies the topic. “Biofuels are contributing to higher prices and tighter markets.”
In the United States, Congress has mandated that biofuel use must reach 36 billion gallons annually by 2022. The European Union stipulates that 10 percent of transportation fuel must come from renewable sources like biofuel or wind power by 2020. Countries like China, India , Indonesia and Thailand have adopted biofuel targets as well.
To be sure, many factors help drive up the price of food, including bad weather that ruins crop yields and high oil prices that make transportation costly. Last year, for example, unusually severe weather destroyed wheat harvests in Russia , Australia and China, and an infestation of the mealy bug reduced Thailand's cassava output.
Olivier Dubois, a bioenergy expert at the Food and Agriculture Organization in Rome, said it was hard to quantify the extent to which the diversions for biofuels had driven up food prices.
“The problem is complex, so it is hard to come up with sweeping statements like biofuels are good or bad,” they said. “But what is certain is that biofuels are playing a role. Is it 20 or 30 or 40 percent? That depends on your modeling.”
While no one is suggesting that countries abandon biofuels, Mr. Dubois and other food experts suggest that they should revise their policies so that rigid fuel mandates can be suspended when food stocks get low or prices become too high.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“The policy really has to be food first,” said Hans Timmer, director of the Development Prospects Group of the World Bank . “The problems occur when you set targets for biofuels irrespective of the prices of other commodities.”
Mr. Timmer said that the recent rise in oil prices was likely to increase the demand for biofuels.
It can be tricky predicting how new demand from the biofuel sector will affect the supply and price of food. Sometimes, as with corn or cassava, direct competition between purchasers drives up the prices of biofuel ingredients. In other instances, shortages and price inflation occur because farmers who formerly grew crops like vegetables for consumption plant different crops that can be used for fuel.
Photo
China learned this the hard way nearly a decade ago when it set out to make bioethanol from corn, only to discover that the plan caused alarming shortages and a rise in food prices. In 2007 the government banned the use of grains to make biofuel.
Chinese scientists then perfected the process of making fuel from cassava, a root that yielded good energy returns, leading to the opening of the first commercial cassava ethanol plant several years ago.
“They're moving very aggressively in this new direction; cassava seems to be the go-to crop,” said Greg Harris, an analyst with Commodore Research and Consultancy in New York who has studied the trade.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
In addition to expanding cassava cultivation at home, China is buying from Cambodia and Laos as well as Thailand.
Although a mainstay of diets in much of Africa , cassava is not central to Asian diets, even though the Chinese once called it “the underground food store” because it provided crucial backup nutrition in lean harvest years. So the Chinese reasoned that making fuel with cassava would not directly affect food prices or create food shortages, at least at home. The proportion of Chinese cassava going to ethanol leapt to 52 percent last year from 10 percent in 2008.
More distant or indirect impacts are considered to be likely, however. Because cassava chips have been commonly used as animal feed, new demand from the biofuels industry might affect the availability and cost of meat. In Southeast Asian countries where China is paying generously for stockpiles of cassava, farmers may be tempted to grow the crop instead of, for example, other vegetables or rice.
And if China turned to Africa as a source, one of that continent's staple food crops could be in jeopardy, although experts note that exporting cassava could also become a business opportunity.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“This is becoming a more valuable cash crop,” Mr. Harris said. “The farmland is limited, so the more that is devoted to fuel, the less is devoted to food.”
The Chinese demand for cassava could also dent planned biofuel production in poorer Asian nations: in the Philippines and Cambodia, developers were recently forced to suspend the construction of cassava bioethanol plants because the tuber had become too expensive.
Thailand's own nascent biofuel industry may have trouble getting the homegrown cassava it needs because it may not be able to match the prices offered by Chinese buyers, according to the Food and Agriculture Organization.
Biofuels development in wealthier nations has already proved to have a powerful effect on the prices and the cultivation of crops. Encouraged by national biofuel subsidies, nearly 40 percent of the corn grown in the United States now goes to make fuel, with prices of corn on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange rising 73 percent from June to December 2010.
Such price rises also have distant ripple effects, food security experts say. “How much does the price of corn in Chicago influence the price of corn in Rwanda ? It turns out there is a correlation,” said Marie Brill, senior policy analyst at ActionAid, an international development group. The price of corn in Rwanda rose 19 percent last year.
“For Americans it may mean a few extra cents for a box of cereal,” they said. “But that kind of increase puts corn out of the range of impoverished people.”
Higher prices also mean that groups like the World Food Program can buy less food to feed the world's hungry.
European biofuels developers are buying large tracts of what they call “marginal land” in Africa with the aim of cultivating biofuel crops, particularly the woody bush known as jatropha. Advocates say that promoting jatropha for biofuels production has little impact on food supplies. But some of that land is used by poor people for subsistence farming or for gathering food like wild nuts.
“We have to move away from the thinking that producing an energy crop doesn't compete with food,” said Mr. Dubois of the Food and Agriculture Organization. “It almost inevitably does.”
Gay, lesbian, and bisexual youth are nearly four times more likely than their heterosexual counterparts to attempt suicide over the course of a year, according to a new major study.
The study was the first of its kind to use federal survey data to break down the link between race and the mental health of LGB (which it calls "sexual minority") youth ages 13 to 18. While sexual minority youth are consistently more likely to be at risk for suicide compared to their straight peers, the study found the prevalence of mental health issues varies among different sexes, races, and ethnic backgrounds.
This study shows the real effects of consistent prejudice faced by far too many LGB kids across the country
In most cases, the differences can be pinned on broader socioeconomic factors that go beyond sexual orientation. Black LGB youth, for instance, were less likely to to report suicidal thoughts than white LGB youth. The researchers explain this difference by citing other studies that show black people are more likely to view suicide as negative and immoral, compared to their white counterparts.
The consistent disparity between LGB youth and their straight peers, meanwhile, can be blamed on little other than the discrimination and isolation faced by people of minority sexual orientations in the US. This study shows the real effects of consistent prejudice — at home, at school, in health-care systems — faced by far too many LGB kids across the country, particularly at an age when they're most sensitive to peer pressure and emotional trauma.
There are a few caveats to the study. It's based on 2005 and 2007 surveys of nearly 73,000 youth (6,245 of which identify as a sexual minority), so the results, while expansive, could be slightly outdated at this point. It's also based on self-reports, which could lead to underreported mental health problems and minority sexual orientations.
Here are five charts with the study's findings. This list is by no means everything the study found, but it gives a rough glimpse into the devastating mental health disparities that exist among LGB youth.
1) Gay, lesbian, and bisexual youth are much more likely to report feeling seriously sad or hopeless in the past year
2) Lesbian and bisexual girls are more likely to report planning suicide than their male counterparts
3) Gay and bisexual boys are more likely to report seeking or needing medical help after a suicide attempt
4) Reported suicide attempts varied among sexual minorities of different races
5) American Indian, white, and multiracial sexual minorities were more likely to report inflicting self-harm
What's the takeaway from the study?
The researchers argue these results show it's misguided to look at LGB communities' mental health issues through broad categories.
"The results regarding diversity in outcomes among sexual minority youth point to the limitations of using categories such as 'youth of color,' which can obscure distinctions among racial/ethnic groups," study author Wendy Bostwick said in a statement. "The findings emphasize the need for greater attention in research and public health interventions to similarities and differences among diverse groups of sexual minority youth."
The study acknowledges that even its own categorization of sexual minorities may oversimplify the issue. Previous research, for instance, found health outcomes can differ starkly among people who identify as homosexual and those who identify as bisexual. The study also doesn't account for transgender individuals and some of the other forms of sexual and gender identification, such as genderqueer and intersex.
With this research, Bostwick and others establish that there are big differences in mental health outcomes between different groups within LGB communities. The hope is that future research could delve deeper into all the moving factors to better address mental health issues that are too prominent among LGB youth.
If you or anyone you know has suicidal thoughts, seek help immediately. The National Suicide Prevention Lifeline is always open at 1-800-273-8255.
You can't sign up for the quantum internet just yet, but researchers have reported a major experimental milestone towards building a global quantum network - and it's happening in space.
With a network that carries information in the quantum properties of single particles, you can create secure keys for secret messaging and potentially connect powerful quantum computers in the future. But scientists think you will need equipment in space to get global reach.
Researchers from the National University of Singapore (NUS) and the University of Strathclyde, UK, have become the first to test in orbit technology for satellite-based quantum network nodes.
They have put a compact device carrying components used in quantum communication and computing into orbit. And it works: the team report first data in a paper published 31 May 2016 in the journal Physical Review Applied.
The team's device dubbed SPEQS creates and measures pairs of light particles, called photons. Results from space show that SPEQS is making pairs of photons with correlated properties - an indicator of performance.
Team-leader Alexander Ling, an Assistant Professor at the Centre for Quantum Technologies (CQT) at NUS, said "This is the first time anyone has tested this kind of quantum technology in space."
The team had to be inventive to redesign a delicate, table-top quantum setup to be small and robust enough to fly inside a nanosatellite only the size of a shoebox. The whole satellite weighs just 1.65-kilogramme.
Towards entanglement
Making correlated photons is a precursor to creating entangled photons. Described by Einstein as "spooky action at a distance", entanglement is a connection between quantum particles that lends security to communication and power to computing.
Professor Artur Ekert, Director of CQT, invented the idea of using entangled particles for cryptography. They said "Alex and their team are taking entanglement, literally, to a new level. Their experiments will pave the road to secure quantum communication and distributed quantum computation on a global scale. I am happy to see that Singapore is one of the world leaders in this area."
Local quantum networks already exist. The problem Ling's team aims to solve is a distance limit. Losses limit quantum signals sent through air at ground level or optical fibre to a few hundred kilometres - but we might ultimately use entangled photons beamed from satellites to connect points on opposite sides of the planet. Although photons from satellites still have to travel through the atmosphere, going top-to-bottom is roughly equivalent to going only 10 kilometres at ground level.
The group's first device is a technology pathfinder. It takes photons from a BluRay laser and splits them into two, then measures the pair's properties, all on board the satellite. To do this it contains a laser diode, crystals, mirrors and photon detectors carefully aligned inside an aluminum block. This sits on top of a 10 centimetres by 10 centimetres printed circuit board packed with control electronics.
Through a series of pre-launch tests - and one unfortunate incident - the team became more confident that their design could survive a rocket launch and space conditions. The team had a device in the October 2014 Orbital-3 rocket which exploded on the launch pad. The satellite containing that first device was later found on a beach intact and still in working order.
Future plans
Even with the success of the more recent mission, a global network is still a few milestones away. The team's roadmap calls for a series of launches, with the next space-bound SPEQS slated to produce entangled photons. SPEQS stands for Small Photon-Entangling Quantum System.
With later satellites, the researchers will try sending entangled photons to Earth and to other satellites. The team are working with standard "CubeSat" nanosatellites, which can get relatively cheap rides into space as rocket ballast. Ultimately, completing a global network would mean having a fleet of satellites in orbit and an array of ground stations.
In the meantime, quantum satellites could also carry out fundamental experiments - for example, testing entanglement over distances bigger than Earth-bound scientists can manage. "We are reaching the limits of how precisely we can test quantum theory on Earth," said co-author Dr Daniel Oi at the University of Strathclyde.
###
Reference:
Zhongkan Tang et al, 'Generation and Analysis of Correlated Pairs of Photons aboard a Nanosatellite', Physical Review Applied 5, 054022 (2016); https:/ / journals. aps. org/ prapplied/ abstract/ 10. 1103/ PhysRevApplied. 5. 054022 Preprints available at: http://arxiv. org/ abs/ 1603. 06659
This research is supported by the National Research Foundation (NRF) Singapore under its Competitive Research Programme (CRP Award No. NRF-CRP12-2013-02), and NRF Singapore and the Ministry of Education, Singapore under the Research Centres of Excellence programme. The authors also acknowledge the Scottish Quantum Information Network and the EU FP7 CONNECT2SEA project "Development of Quantum Technologies for Space Applications."
Researcher contacts:
Alexander Ling
Principal Investigator and Assistant Professor
Centre for Quantum Technologies, National University of Singapore
cqtalej@nus.edu.sg
+65 6516 2985
Daniel Oi
Lecturer, SUPA Department of Physics
University of Strathclyde, Glasgow, UK
daniel.oi@strath.ac.uk
+44 (0)141 548 3112
Notes for editors:
Alexander Ling will be presenting this work at CLEO2016 in San Jose, United States, on 9 June. They and Daniel Oi will also be participating in a panel on quantum projects in space at the EuroScience Open Forum in Manchester, UK, on 27 July.
BAKERSFIELD, Calif. – For the second time in a week, the second-ranked UCLA women's water polo team squared off with third-ranked Stanford. Last time out, the Bruins edged the Cardinal, 9-8, in sudden-victory overtime. Stanford evened the series at 1-1 on Saturday afternoon, handing UCLA a 6-3 loss in the MPSF Semifinals.
Less than a minute into the game, UCLA (23-4, 5-1 MPSF) struck first as Aubrie Monahan dished it to Alexa Tielmann, who banked it off the post and in. Stanford then responded with back-to-back goals to take its first lead of the game. Jordan Raney scored the equalizer with 3:38 left in the period, then Jamie Neushul converted a power play to give the Cardinal a 2-1 advantage. With less than a minute left, Monahan forced a turnover to gain possession for the Bruins. They then netted one from outside to even the score at 2-2.
The Cardinal regained the lead early in the second when Dani Jackovich lobbed one just out of reach for UCLA keeper Alex Musselman. With just over a minute left in the half, Alexis Angermund put an end to the Bruins' seven and a half minute scoring drought when they backhanded it in off a pass from Kelsey O'Brien to knot the score at 3-3. As time was about to expire, Stanford made a fast break for the cage. With two seconds on the clock, Kat Klass netted one off an assist from Neushul. At the half, the Cardinal led the Bruins, 4-3.
In the second half, UCLA was unable to overcome Stanford's zone defense and Julia Hermann in the cage. The Cardinal held the Bruins scoreless, while netting two of its own. After a six-minute defensive battle in the third, Neushul notched what would be the lone goal of the quarter to extend Stanford's lead to two. Jackovich recorded the only goal in the fourth, finding the back of the net off an assist from Raney. As time expired, Stanford held on for the 6-3 win to advance to Sunday's championship match.
Next up, the Bruins face either top-ranked USC or sixth-ranked Cal in a bout for third place. The tilt takes place at 12:45 pm PDT at CSU Bakersfield's Hillman Aquatic Center. Live streaming is available here.
Jackovich, Neushul – 2; Raney, Klass – 1Angermund, Tielmann, Monahan – 1Saves: Stanford (Hermann – 14); UCLA (Musselman – 4)
OSLO (Reuters) - The ability of Europe's aging forests to absorb carbon dioxide is heading towards saturation point, threatening one of the continent's main defenses against global warming, a study showed on Sunday.
Forests from Spain to Sweden are getting older, packed with trees less good at soaking up the emissions blamed for rising world temperatures, mounting sea levels and increasing numbers of heatwaves and floods, experts said.
Trees are being threatened by more fires, storms and insect attacks, said the study published in the journal Nature Climate Change.
Some parts of the continent have also started cutting down some forests, it added.
That all meant Europe should no longer assume its forests would be able to continue absorbing carbon emissions from factories, power plants and cars, at the same rate, it added. Forests currently soak up about 10 percent of Europe's emissions.
“These regrowing forests have shown to be a persistent carbon sink, projected to continue for decades, however, there are early signs of saturation. Forest policies and management strategies need revision if we want to sustain the sink,” the Nature Climate Change report said.
Back-of-the-envelope calculations suggested saturation point could be reached by around 2030 unless governments took action, said Gert-Jan Nabuurs, of Wageningen University and Research in the Netherlands, who led the study with experts in Finland, Switzerland and Italy.
GREEN EUROPE
Europe is in its greenest state for centuries, with forests probably covering the largest area since Medieval times - largely thanks to a rush of planting to rebuild the continent after the ravages of World War Two, said the report.
But data since 2005 showed the growth of those forests was now slowing as their trees got older.
Trees absorb the gas from the air and build it into their trunks, roots and branches as carbon. They lessen their absorption as they grow older and release the stored carbon when they die and rot.
Manmade emissions of carbon dioxide, a heat-trapping gas that is released by burning fossil fuels, are very likely to be the main cause of rising temperatures since 1950, a U.N. panel of climate experts says.
Better management could help avert the problem of Europe's aging forests, Nabuurs said. The authors also recommended selective harvesting and more new forests.
Annemarie Bastrup-Birk, a forestry expert who works at the European Environment Agency in Copenhagen who was also an author of that report, said the decline in forest growth was mainly in France and Germany with continued gains elsewhere.
“It's still very regional,” they told Reuters, warning that the Nature Climate Change study might be premature in raising concerns about a continent-wide problem.
The European Union plans to cut its overall greenhouse gas emissions by 20 percent below 1990 levels by 2020 as part of international efforts to slow global warming. Each nation can count the uptake of carbon in forests towards the total.
An international report on the state of Europe's forests in 2011 said the net annual increase in living tree wood in the European Union slowed to 609 million cubic meters in 2010 from 620 million in 2005.
Active listening is arguably one of the most important set of skills a person must successfully employ while interacting with someone when there is something you are trying to achieve. This can include negotiating a contract, salary, sale or purchase of a house, or it can involve trying to resolve a dispute amongst or co-workers.
Research has consistently demonstrated active listening as being critical for communication and conflict resolution experts to successfully and peacefully resolve conflicts and disputes. This includes mediators and hostage and crisis negotiators. As you can imagine, their work entails a wide variety of situations ranging from noise disputes between neighbors to a million dollar contract disputes and hostage incidents where lives are at risk.
Aside of containing by both verbal and nonverbal elements, it is not necessarily clear what exactly active listening is and what it consists of. This article sets out to clear the mystery and detail the individual parts that make up the “whole” of active listening while first explaining the value of active listening.
Active listening is both informative and affective based. Active listening allows you to gain valuable information from the speaker (it let's you know the “why” behind their positions or “wants”) and it develops rapport and builds trust (more on this below). Active listening entails just that, listening more than talking.
Active listening, according to the MIT Sloan Communication Program, is defined as a general approach to listening that helps you gain more information, improve your of other points of view, and work cooperatively with others. MIT further explains the person who is actively listening looks and sounds interested, adapts the speaker's point of view, and clarifies the speaker's thoughts and feelings.
According to a guide at the University of Adelaide, benefits of active listening includes it encourages the speaker to keep talking, indicates you are following the conversation, sets a comfortable tone, and signals to the speaker that you are attentive and interested in what they have to say. Each of these contributes to building trust with the person and developing rapport.
Retired FBI hostage negotiator Gary Noesner and Mike Webster describe active listening as being a “powerful tool” for hostage negotiators “to stimulate positive change in others.” The New York City Police Department's Hostage Negotiation (NYPD HNT) also emphasizes the importance of a negotiator utilizing active listening skills during a crisis and hostage incident.
Mediators have described active listening as being one of the top methods to built rapport with the people they are helping that are involved in a dispute. Research has further demonstrated that rapport as well as building trust and displaying professionalism skills used by effective mediators. Building trust and developing rapport are closely linked while professionalism is as well. Professionalism is described as possessing the appropriate skills and using them based on the context of the situation.
Therefore, active listening when used properly and effectively, displays professionalism, develops rapport, and builds trust. This transcends the world of mediators and hostage negotiators. While reviewing the skills below, one can easily see how when employed in your professional and social setting, it can contribute to you being a more effective communicator.
Below are the eight techniques of active listening that are taught by the Federal Bureau of Investigation's Crisis Negotiation Unit (FBI CNU) to their special agents and other law enforcement officials from around the world.
Emotion Labeling: It is important for the emotions of the person speaking to be acknowledged. Identifying the person's emotions validates what they are feeling instead of minimizing it. During a negotiation, people can act with their emotions and not from a more perspective. By labeling and acknowledging their emotions, it helps restore the balance.
Paraphrasing: This includes repeating what the person said in a much shorter format that is in your own words while also making sure to not minimize what the person has experienced.
Reflecting/Mirroring: When the person is finished speaking, reflecting and mirroring is a much shorter option compared to paraphrasing as it includes repeating the last words the person said. If the person concluded by saying, “…and this really made me angry,” you would say, “It really made you angry.”
Some trainers even say it should be limited to strictly repeating no more than 3 or 4 of the last words spoken by a person. It might seem silly or even odd to do this but try it- you will see it helps validate with the speaker that you are listening and understanding.
Effective Pauses/Silence: Research has shown a major difference between expert hostage and crisis negotiators with non-experts is that experts listen much more than they speak. Part of listening includes utilizing silence and pausing before taking your turn to speak. Also described as dynamic inactivity, silence allows the other person to continue speaking while combining it with pausing prior to speaking helps calm a situation. Again, remember, calming the situation is critical as it helps move the person from acting out of their emotions to a mindset that is more cognitive based.
“I” Messages: This is used to counteract statements made by the person that are not conducive towards working collaboratively. The active listener states, “I feel___ when you ___ because ___.” This provides a “timeout” or reality check to other person letting them know you are trying to work together and they, from your perspective, are not. It is important to be mindful when using this as to not do it in a way (be aware of your tone) that is aggressive and creates an argument.
Open-ended Questions: Asking open-ended questions solicits the person to speak longer and thus it can help diffuse the tension as well as provide you valuable information and insight into their perspective of the situation.
Minimal Encouragers: What seems like simple verbal actions such as “mmm,” “okay,” and “I see,” and nonverbal gestures like head nodding further establish the building of rapport with the person by you subtly inviting the person to continue speaking.
Summarize: Summarizing is an extended version of paraphrasing. It is wrapping up everything the person said including the elements important to the person as well as acknowledging the person's emotions. Summarizing validates for the person that they have been heard and understood. This is critical to do as it can bring a sense of relief to the person and reduce their actions being dictated by their emotions.
Summarizing is also a valuable tool for a negotiator to use when they or they are unsure what to do or say next. Summarizing what the person has said has multiple benefits in this situation. First, it buys you time and as already stated slowing the process down is an important element to contribute to a peaceful resolution.
Second, summarizing can further contribute to the negotiator building rapport and developing trust. Rapport and trust then allows the negotiator to eventually move towards influencing the person to reappraise their situation and consider alternatives to a resolution and suggestions from the negotiator.
Conclusion
Ostensibly one might think the above skills are common sense and easy to utilize yet further discernment reveals the realization that it is not just using active listening skills but rather using them correctly. Specifically, acting with empathy is what makes active listening genuine compared to feigning each of the skills.
If you do not believe in each skill and do not care about what the other person is saying or feeling, it will show in your attempts at active listening so instead of building rapport and trust, your actions will diminish it.
Ultimately active listening helps build rapport and trust which then can allow a negotiation move to the next steps of jointly exploring options that can lead to an agreement. Active listening has helped hostage and crisis negotiators peacefully end volatile incidents, it has helped mediators assist people in what seemed to be intractable disputes, so give it a try - it can help you in your next conflict or dispute too.
Read about Hostage/Crisis Negotiation and nonverbal communication HERE.
Jeff is currently researching hostage and crisis negotiation as a Research Fellow at Columbia University Law School.
Follow Jeff Thompson on Twitter @NonverbalPhD where they frequently tweet comments, pictures, and videos on nonverbal communication.
Image caption Both parties are due to appear at a temple later this month
Two arch political rivals in the Indian state of Karnataka have decided to resolve their political differences before a Hindu god.
The state chief minister and their opposition rival - a former chief minister - agree that a divine showdown will resolve their dispute.
On 27 June they are due to present their arguments in a temple dedicated to the Hindu god Manjunatha.
 They are the deity who arbitrates on land and property disputes.
The BBC's Habib Beary in the state capital Bangalore says that Manjunatha will seldom have been called on to adjudicate between two such high-profile litigants.
Chief Minister BS Yeddyurappa has been accused by opposition leader HD Kumaraswamy of corruption.
Mr Kumaraswamy has threatened to expose land scams allegedly committed by Mr Yeddyurappa, in addition to accusing the chief minister of trying to "buy" their silence on the matter through intermediaries.
In reply, Mr Yeddyurappa has rubbished the allegations as "humbug", and has challenged their rival to stand before Lord Manjunatha and repeat their charge. Mr Kumaraswamy has accepted the challenge.
The former chief minister is so convinced as to the strength of their case that they have declared their willingness not only to testify before God but also before an inquiry.
Image caption Mr Yeddyurappa says that they are convinced God is on their side
"I am even prepared to undergo the truth serum test," Mr Kumaraswamy said.
Childish
In an open letter to their opposition rival, the chief minister said: "I believe in God. I hope you are also a believer in God. Therefore I am throwing you a challenge... If you have the courage to stick to your allegations in front of the Almighty, I will appreciate your courage."
However the chief minister's party colleagues are unhappy over the oath challenge.
Karnataka Health Minister Sreeramalu said that God should not have to arbitrate in the state's political disputes.
"Such actions would only affect the religious sentiments of people," they said.
A senior Congress leader, Motamma has also described the oath challenge as childish.
"The chief minister has lowered the image of the high office they hold," they said.
The term originates with Sega's Altered Beast, a video game starring a Roman centurion who could morph into mythical creatures. Its doltish brand of masculinity (the centurion must rescue Athena—you know, the Greek goddess of war?) made the leap to the football world in 2007 when Marshawn Lynch, then a Berkeley undergraduate, told an interviewer they were in “beast mode” when they were on the field. The phrase became Lynch's nickname and is now employed by jocks everywhere. Today, Twitter is lousy with people getting into #beastmode ahead of their gym routines.
Wall Street likes its slang to be dudely. There was, says the anthropologist Grant McCracken, “a particularly annoying period when people kept asking (or saying) that something ‘hunted.' As in, ‘I think that new idea really hunts.' ” The late Nora Ephron remembered a time when business people broadcasted their machismo by speaking, it seemed, only in Godfather quotes. McCracken observes that Wall Street lingo has typically sounded “muscular, capable, decisive, and in-the-know,” and not nearly as frenzied as “beast mode.” But today's MBAs were reared on video games and are entering a Wall Street that recently tanked the global economy and has become the frenetic domain of quants that buy and drop stocks in a fraction of a second. Who could survive the melee that is modern finance, save for someone with the improbable strength of a video-game action hero?
Molly Redden is a staff writer at The New Republic.
Click here for more from The New Republic's Jargonist.
MADISON, Wis. — The Arkansas football fan base revved like a high-powered car engine last week, so Bret Bielema was going to satiate its desires by stuffing the program full of compliments at their introductory news conference. Surely, no one would argue they needed to provide the Razorbacks with fresh ammunition following a miserable 4-8 season in which the team underperformed.
But what Bielema didn't consider while making their comments was the team they left behind at Wisconsin. By propping up Arkansas as a program where they could afford top assistant coaches and win a championship, the coach essentially said Wisconsin wasn't good enough — supplying the remaining Badgers players with plenty of ammo for themselves.
Wisconsin is a program, after all, that has done pretty well for itself, winning three straight Big Ten championships and becoming the first conference team to play in three consecutive Rose Bowls in 34 years.
Article continues below ...
Just as Bielema had the right to leave, Wisconsin's players have every right to feel disrespected by their actions.
“I think it's definitely a little bit of motivation,” Wisconsin quarterback Curt Phillips said. “Obviously, we've won three championships here in the past three years. I don't put much merit into anything as far as that goes. I understand they have to play to their fans schematically. I understand it. At the same time, I thought last year we were a couple plays away from possibly being able to play in a national championship. I don't think the talent level or anything like that is any different at all.”
Wisconsin (8-5) will play Stanford (11-2) in the Rose Bowl on Jan. 1 under interim coach Barry Alvarez, the school's athletic director who built the football program into what it is today. In 16 seasons as Wisconsin's coach, Alvarez went 3-0 in Rose Bowls. Bielema finished their Wisconsin career 0-2.
Even the most guarded of players would have to admit there'd be no better poetic justice than to win the one game that eluded Bielema for seven years at Wisconsin one month after they left for another school.
“It would show something to them but show something that coach Alvarez brought us along,” Badgers left guard Ryan Groy said. “I've never been a part of a bowl prep where everybody's been so fired up and been so anxious to get out there and play.”
Just two practices since taking over, Alvarez has provided a fresh perspective and earned instant credibility with the players because of their history of success. The Badgers say they don't want to be the first group to lose a Rose Bowl with them in charge and have already taken notice of their presence.
“No offense to coach Bielema, but you might care about impressing Barry Alvarez a lot more than you care about impressing Bret Bielema,” Badgers defensive end David Gilbert said. “Someone that you see every day. Someone that recruited you. He's seen you since you were a first-year student. You don't get excited when you see them anymore.
“But when you see coach Alvarez, you realize this is a great person you're being coached by. Anything they have to say to you sticks.”
Players agree the circumstances surrounding the Badgers have given them an even better chance to win the Rose Bowl than they would have had under Bielema because they've been forced to come together in a way they didn't see coming.
None of that has to do with any significant schematic changes under Alvarez, who said they would leave the game planning to their assistant coaches and manage the Rose Bowl. It has to do with motivation, with playing for a legend so revered that there is a statue of them outside the football stadium.
“I think with this team, there's definitely a sense of we've got a coach now that we really want to play for,” Badgers defensive tackle Ethan Hemer said.
Added center Travis Frederick: “He knows how to win, and he's going to help us to do that. It definitely gives us something to rally around.”
Sticking it to Bielema certainly represents an added bonus.
Follow Jesse Temple on Twitter.
By Jessica Ravitz, CNN
(CNN) - Move over, Tareq and Michaele Salahi, the Virginia ex-couple who famously – or infamously – crashed President Obama's first White House state dinner. There's a new impostor posing with dignitaries, and they set their sights on an even more coveted gathering.
Meet Ralph Napierski, a German self-declared bishop who reportedly called themselves “Basilius,” said they were with the nonexistent “Italian Orthodox Church” and set out to infiltrate a Monday meeting of cardinals at the Vatican.
The fake bishop donned a purple sash (really a scarf) over their vestments and mingled with cardinals and others who'd flown in from around the globe ahead of the conclave to pick a new pope. They smiled wide and posed for cameras while shaking hands with Cardinal Sergio Sebiastiana. They tried to blend in.
But before they could get into Paul VI Hall for a top-secret meeting, the Telegraph reported, Napierski was nabbed and booted by Swiss Guards. Seems the disguise, which was a little off, gave them away. The cassock was too short, the crucifix around their neck a bit different, the purple scarf conspicuous against all the red. The fedora on their head, against all the skullcaps, probably didn't help.
Napierski, who disputes the media reports, apparently runs several websites, including one dedicated to Jesus Yoga. In a rambling blog called Corpus Dei, which they describe as a “Catholic order after episcopal law,” they write that they are “a slave and apostle like St. Paul” and “is fighting the Heresy and false movements inside the Roman Catholic Church.”
They also claim to be an “internet hacker and activist” and an inventor who came up with “a system to enable persons to control computers with the Power of thoughts.”
What they were thinking on Monday at the Vatican is unknown. But the International Business Times said they told reporters “that they believed Catholic bishops were wrong to move priests who had been accused of sexual abuses around various parishes, prompting the Daily Mail to describe them as a ‘child abuse protester.' ”
CNN reached out to Napierski on Tuesday, hoping to hear their side of the story. In an e-mail response they sent late in the day, they provided a link to a blog entry in which they denied what had been reported. They titled the entry, " 'Conclavebuster' Bishop Ralph Napierski and The Vatican Scandal that never happened - Truth revealed!"
They claimed that they were simply there in their capacity as a Catholic bishop and visited, with three of their priests, to announce the creation of the Congregation of Our Lady of Refuge, which they said they founded. They had a "wonderful small talk" with the cardinal they were photographed with, they wrote, adding that they even returned to the Vatican Monday night - after seeing the media reports - to get confirmation that they hadn't been kicked out.
German press, however, said Napierski cannot be trusted.
Spiegel Online reported on Tuesday that Napierski is "known among German clerics as something of a troublemaker." They have a history of "posing as a priest with church officials and politicians, and they also made an appearance at Berlin's Venus erotica trade fair."
"He does not work with any of our institutions in any way," Berlin Catholic diocese spokesperson Matthias Kopp told Bild Zeitung, a German daily tabloid, according to Spiegel Online. "Napierski is 'self-aggrandizing,' frequently pens angry letters, and preaches about sex, the paper reports. ... Kopp told the paper that their behavior was 'unacceptable.' "
Recent revelations show that Health Canada and Canadian Blood Services (CBS) collaborated to support the establishment of Canadian Plasma Resources (CPR), for-profit clinics, across Canada. These private plasma clinics directly undermine our public system of voluntary blood and plasma donations.
Health Canada has also established an expert panel that's investigating the safety and sustainability of the country's plasma supply. But the credibility of the panel and the advice it will give is already being called into question.
These discoveries have come right when we are preparing to mark the 20th anniversary on November 26 of the Krever Report, which concluded that Canadians should not be paid to donate blood and plasma.
Documents obtained through Access to Information show that Health Canada and CBS worked with CPR to help it establish pay-for-plasma clinics. This has caused the number of voluntary blood and plasma donors to decline. Health Canada is supposed to be regulating Canada's blood supply system. It shouldn't be working with private companies and the country's blood services operator in a manner that undermines that system. Kat Lanteigne, Executive Director of BloodWatch said it is a huge breach of public health protocol and a massive breach of public trust.
It's also worrisome that, of the four advisors serving the Health Canada panel on plasma supply, two are American.
To make things worse, one of the panelists owns stock in private, for-profit plasma companies, the very companies that provide fractionation services to CBS. This is a major problem because it fundamentally compromises the credibility of the panel.
Plasma collection services need to be expanded across the country. But this must only be done through the CBS and public collection sites.
Janine Jackson interviewed Keri Leigh Merritt about Southern history for the August 18, 2017, episode of CounterSpin. This is a lightly edited transcript.
Play Stop pop out X
MP3 Link
Janine Jackson: It has been noted that Donald Trump's response to the violence in Charlottesville is not new or unique to him. One of the angles is that the removal of memorials to, say, Robert E. Lee, which some will maintain was the sole motivating factor of the people flying swastikas and yelling about the Jews, is an offense against history itself. You could hear that view from Fox's Laura Ingraham, who decried “people who have no idea it seems about the history of this country just roundly denouncing anyone who had any connection to the South.” They went on to declare “this is about the control of the narrative and the destruction of historical recognition.” And she's not wrong, except about who it is, in the main, doing the controlling and the destroying.
Keri Leigh Merritt is an independent historian and author of Masterless Men: Poor Whites and Slavery in the Antebellum South. Them recent article, “White Supremacy in the Age of Trump,” appears on BillMoyers.com. They join us now by phone from Atlanta. Welcome to CounterSpin, Keri Leigh Merritt.
Keri Leigh Merritt: Thank you for having me.
JJ: In a conversation about white supremacy, sometimes references to class are deflections from the irreducibility of anti-black racism. But sometimes ignoring class divisions among whites is itself a kind of deflection. What are you looking to convey in this latest article?
KLM: I think the most important thing, not letting poor working class whites off the hook in any way for their racism, but just trying to understand the ways in which elites not only benefit from racism, but use racism to their advantage. Long history of this throughout America, particularly in the labor sector. Bosses long keeping black and white workers apart, engendering racism, using blacks as strikebreakers, things like that. So it's more, not letting lower classes off the hook, but bringing middle and upper class whites onto the hook for racism as well, and their part in it.
JJ: Right. You say:
White supremacy is most commonly conceptualized as a way for lower class whites to feel socially superior to people from other ethnic backgrounds. More important, though, white supremacy is a tried and tested means for upper class whites to grow their wealth and power.
It's not an idea that you hear coming and going, frankly, in mainstream media. You've talked about labor, but there are other mechanisms, if you will, for how that works.
KLM: Definitely. I primarily look at the 19th century South, slavery, Civil War era into Reconstruction, and so when I was doing work for Masterless Men, and looking at these poor whites, who I argue slavery was not just something that they had no interest in and no financial benefit, but slavery was actually actively bad, socially and economically, for poor whites. Because, basically, they didn't have access to jobs, and so they were constantly unemployed, underemployed, and they really had no real will or reason to want to secede from the Union or fight for the Confederacy.
And so you see this movement in the 1850s, where the upper-class slaveholders who were trying to convince them why they need to fight for the South, why they need to defend slavery, and it's just all of this horrible racist rhetoric. They come up with this impending racial war, and they warn all the poor whites that rich whites will be able to flee the region, they have the money to leave, but the poor whites will be left there at the ravages of all these ex-slaves who have taken over society.
So they're really using media to kind of engender this rabid, violent form of racism, warning that these poor whites' daughters are going to be raped by black men and—I mean, you see the beginnings of Jim Crow in all this really racist rhetoric.
And I think that even today, you can see in Trump's own campaign, they aren't saying things necessarily completely overtly, but it was a dog whistle, you know; they were calling all the racists to arms. They were passively, and increasingly more complicitly, calling all these people out of their little hiding places, in their basements with their computers, and making them feel emboldened to come out into the streets and have protests and demonstrations, like they just did in Charlottesville.
JJ: When you hear someone like Laura Ingraham saying that people are denouncing anyone who had any connection to the South, based on what you've just said, I hear a misrepresentation of many Southerners in that.
KLM: Oh, absolutely, absolutely. Within probably the last ten years, there have been a lot of great works, not just about slave resistance against the Confederacy, but also poor whites and other different ethnic groups; of course all the immigrants were coming into the Southern cities, port cities. But there's a huge movement, not just of Unionists but of anti-Confederates, people who just didn't care, who did not want to be involved, who wanted to be left alone. And so these poor whites who lacked, really did help bring the war to a close by fighting against the Confederacy in the South. The Confederacy was designed and brought about by a very small class of extremely wealthy slaveholders, who at all costs wanted to protect slavery, which was their primary form of wealth.
JJ: I often notice how media divide and erase with just the language. You'll hear about, you know, “police killings that African-Americans deplore,” and I think, well, but wait, lots of other people deplore them too. It seems like a similar erasure going on here when you represent all the South as being pro-Confederacy. It's not just getting history a little bit wrong, it's almost turning it on its head, it seems to me, and to a particular effect, a particular end.
KLM: Oh, absolutely. And I think, just as in the way that blaming poor whites for racism is letting upper-class whites off the hook, blaming Southerners for racism is letting all other Americans off the hook. Some of the most racist places I've ever been are up North. But it's definitely just a way to deflect what they're really doing. And the Trump presidency is peopled with Koch brothers' puppets, basically, and they all have a vision of what they want America to be. And not only does it take the racist ideas of people like Bannon and Miller, but it takes what the upper classes are designed to do on a financial level, on a tax level, to keep their power and wealth.
JJ: My other guest today, Adam Johnson, quipped on Twitter, you know, I know almost nothing about World War II because there was no statue of Hitler in my town.
KLM: Exactly.
JJ: And activist David Swanson, who lives in Charlottesville, pointed out that it's not as though we commemorate all sorts of things. You know, there's no memorial about Native American history or slavery or civil rights. So I just wonder—as a historian, if people are going to claim that taking down a statue means forgetting or erasing, what does never putting one up mean?
KLM: That's a great question, and it's one I think that we're going to increasingly grapple with as we head through taking these statues down. I live in Decatur. We're having that conversation right now. When we take down this statue, what are we going to put up? I think that's going to be a great way forward, and a great way to try to heal the country, is to think about what kind of things haven't been remembered in this country. Whether it's a great biracial coalition of laborers in the Populist Era, or honoring the slaves themselves, who created so much of our infrastructure, so much of the wealth that this nation was based upon. There are lots and lots of things that we could commemorate. But, again, there tends to be only one thing, primarily in the South, but all throughout the rest of the US, that has gotten the most statues and the most remembrances, besides the Revolutionary War, and it's definitely the Civil War. When those statues come down, I think we will have a great conversation of what to put in their places.
JJ: Let me ask you, finally: As I've said, I don't hear the ideas that you're putting forward having a big place in the most common kind of major media dialogue. And I'm guessing that that has something to do with why you take issue with the notion that historians should somehow be above the fray, that somehow it's sullying to take part in media debates. You had a letter to the editor in the New York Times on just that point. What are your thoughts on that?
KLM: I think that the way our education system is so unequal right now, that the sad fact is a lot of Americans get their information about history through news sources and through cable TV, through things like that, little news cycle soundbites. So the fact is, if we are not on the front lines providing that information to them, somebody else will be. And that's how Bill O'Reilly is now known as a historian. Somebody who knows absolutely nothing about history, and actually bastardizes every single fact they possibly can, is known as the US's preeminent historian. Definitely sells more books than any other actual historian. And if we're not the ones on the front lines, actually talking to the American public, it leaves a spot for a Bill O'Reilly to come in and teach history, not only incorrectly, but for propagandistic reasons.
JJ: We've been speaking with independent historian Keri Leigh Merritt. She's author of Masterless Men: Poor Whites and Slavery in the Antebellum South. Them recent article, “White Supremacy in the Age of Trump,” appears on BillMoyers.com. Thank you so much, Keri Lee Merritt, for speaking with us this week on CounterSpin.
KLM: Thank you so much. Have a good one.
*****
Many people anticipating the creation of an invisibility cloak might be surprised to learn that a group of American researchers has created 25,000 individual cloaks.
But before you rush to buy one from your local shop, the cloaks are just 30 micrometres in diameter and are laid out together on a 25 millimetre gold sheet.
This array of invisibility cloaks is the first of its kind and has been created by researchers from Towson University and University of Maryland who present their study on May 25, in the Institute of Physics and German Physical Society's New Journal of Physics.
Although the well-reported intention to make everyday objects disappear with a Harry Potter-style cloak is beyond this array of cloaks, they could be used to slow down, or even stop, light, creating what is known as a "trapped rainbow."
The trapped rainbow could be utilised in tiny biosensors to identify biological materials based on the amount of light they absorb and then subsequently emit, which is known as fluorescence spectroscopy. Slowed-down light has a stronger interaction with molecules than light travelling at normal speeds, so it enables a more detailed analysis.
Lead author of the study, Dr Vera Smolyaninova, said: "The benefit of a biochip array is that you have a large number of small sensors, meaning you can perform many tests at once. For example, you could test for multiple genetic conditions in a person's DNA in just one go.
"In our array, light is stopped at the boundary of each of the cloaks, meaning we observe the trapped rainbow at the edge of each cloak. This means we could do 'spectroscopy on-a-chip' and examine fluorescence at thousands of points all in one go."
The 25 000 invisibility cloaks are uniformly laid out on a gold sheet, with each having a microlens that bends light around itself, effectively hiding an area in its middle. As the light squeezes through the gaps between each of the cloaks, the different components of light, or colours, are made to stop at ever narrower points, creating the rainbow.
To construct the array of invisibility cloaks, a commercially available microlens array, containing all of the individual microlenses, was coated with a gold film. This was then placed, gold-side down, onto a glass slide which had also been coated with gold, creating a double layer. A laser beam was directed into the array to test performance of the cloaks at different angles.
The researchers believe that this type of array could also be used to test the performance of individual invisibility cloaks, especially in instances where they may be positioned close together. In this study, for example, the cloaks worked very well when light was shone along the rows; however, when it was shone at different angles, imperfections were clearly visible.
The campaign run by Democrat presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT) is accused of breaking federal election law by accepting thousands of dollars in illicit donations from a foreign political party which sought to influence the results of an American election.
Breitbart News exclusively acquired a complaint filed by Rep. William O'Brien (R-NH) against the self-described Democratic Socialist's 2016 presidential campaign.
The complaint names the Australian Labor Party — a group that espouses socialist principles and policies similar to those Sanders supports — and says both violated the Federal Elections Campaign Act (FECA) and the commission's regulations, by accepting, making and/or receiving prohibited foreign contributions.
The evidence easily indicates more than $10,000 of in-kind contributions to Bernie 2016 in New Hampshire alone, and hints that similar financial outlays were made by ALP in several other state primaries. By all reasonable accounts and calculations, Bernie 2016 is responsible for accepting–or at least receiving–tens of thousands of dollars in foreign in-kind contributions. And the ALP is responsible for prohibited intervention in a federal election.
The discovery that workers with the ALP were financed by their own socialist democratic party to work on Bernie's 2016 presidential campaign was made by the Project Veritas Action Fund.
Last month, several recordings of conversations with Sanders campaigners were exposed in a report from the Project Veritas Action Fund that featured these Australian nationals. At that time, three quarters of them were employed with the ALP. They're quoted saying they've been stealing political yard signs and had replaced Hillary Clinton campaign literature with Sanders literature.
These foreign “volunteers” were deployed to Nevada, New York, New Hampshire, Iowa, South Carolina and another state to carry out illicit acts on behalf of the Sanders campaign and were paid by their own party to do this.
“Voters in New Hampshire and, indeed, the nation require that their right to choose a president not be sold to foreign bidders,” the complaint notes.
FECA states that “a foreign national, directly or indirectly”, cannot lawfully “make a contribution or donation of money or or thing or value… in connection with a Federal, State or local election.” It also states that it is unlawful for “a person to solicit, accept or receive a contribution or donation… from a foreign national.” The money that was expended by the ALP for travel, housing and food to and in New Hampshire for the purpose of “volunteering” for Bernie 2016 are all prohibited contributions under FECA.
Sanders has consistently made the rallying cry against the corruption inherent in the Democratic Establishment and the Clinton and Obama camps the guise of their “political revolution.” It turns out, they are not so different from the politicians they criticize. In a press release they issued on filing a complaint with the FEC against the ALP and the Bernie 2016 presidential campaign, O'Brien writes “There is a long tradition in the Democrat Party of trading away American sovereignty for campaign contributions.”
O'Brien noted that findings by the Project Veritas Action Fund show that Bernie 2016 has now introduced “a new wrinkle to this now well-established Democrat practice of foreign support of their presidential campaigns.” They note that “under Bill Clinton, intelligence information showed that the Chinese mainland government funneled illegal contributions to the Democratic National Committee.”
And that President Barack Obama, who was at the time a junior Illinois senator seeking the nation's highest office, “had turned repeatedly to the world outside the United States for contributions to their presidential campaign.” The findings came shortly after Obama had delivered a controversial 2008 speech in Berlin, Germany in which they described themselves as a “citizen of the world.” Their foreign policy has arguably proven to be a reflection of that post-national priority.
The Sanders campaign has not yet responded to Breitbart News inquiries about this matter.
Follow Adelle Nazarian on Twitter @AdelleNaz.
Ben Carson speaks during a campaign stop at the Alpha Gama Rho fraternity at Iowa State University in Ames, Iowa, on Saturday. (Photo11: Daniel Acker, Bloomberg)
WASHINGTON -- Rape and incest are no reasons to terminate a pregnancy, front-running Republican presidential candidate Ben Carson said Sunday.
Buoyed by polls showing them running ahead of Donald Trump in Iowa, the retired neurosurgeon said exceptions should be considered only in rare cases involving the mother's health, "if people can come up with a reasonable explanation of why they would like to kill a baby."
Speaking on NBC's "Meet the Press," Carson said they "would love" to see the Supreme Court's 1973 decision in Roe v. Wade which legalized abortion overturned.
As for instances of rape or incest -- exceptions that are often made by other abortion opponents -- Carson said: “All you have to do is go and look up the many stories of people who have led very useful lives who were the result of rape or incest.”
Mothers should not have the right to terminate an unwanted pregnancy, Carson said, just as slave owners did not have the right to do whatever they wanted to their slaves. Had abolitionists allowed that, they said, "Where would we be?"
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1S4iOru
I write to urge you to support VDARE.com (and save America from immigration disaster) because it's my livelihood—I don't have any other job, doing this is my only employment.
Here at VDARE.com, we have to ask you for money, because we're not funded by Conservatism, Inc. or Big Business—sometimes the same thing.
(For years, National Review's president was a former employee of Goldman Sachs, and the Heritage Foundation's friendliness towards big corporations is based partly on free market principles, and partly on the huge checks it gets from big corporations—not quite the same thing.)
But even Conservatism, Inc. outlets are underfunded compared to the huge amounts of money available to what we call the Treason Lobby, who speak for mass immigration.
Illegal alien Jose Antonio Vargas is the well paid figurehead/poster boy for something called Define American—his money comes from George Soros.
Professional immigration enthusiast Frank Sharry heads something called America's Voice—his money comes from George Soros, too.
Tamar Jacoby, formerly of the Conservatism, Inc Manhattan Institute, is head of something called ImmigrationWorksUSA. Them money comes directly from the employers of cheap and illegal, labor that displaces American workers:
ImmigrationWorksUSA shows just how thick the gravy is on the Treason Lobby gravy train. This is a list, posted on its website, of their “Trade Association Partners ”:
[
[Click to enlarge]
Those partners are the Chamber Of Commerce, the National Restaurant Association, the hotel association, the “ Chicken Council” and everyone who's getting rich displacing American workers.
The Circles that they are placed in denote how much money they've given.
Ellis Island Circle at the top—the Chamber of Commerce is the biggest funder.
Cesar Chavez Circle below—Chavez actually fought illegal labor, which growers imported to fight their union of Mexican-American fruitpickers.
Gold Mountain Circle below that—the “Gold Mountain” was what the 19 th century Chinese indentured laborers called California, when they were imported to lower American wages in the 1870s. This may be an attempt to suck up to Asian-American donors.
century Chinese indentured laborers called California, when they were imported to lower American wages in the 1870s. This may be an attempt to suck up to Asian-American donors. And finally, at the very bottom, what ImmigrationWorksUSA calls its “Mayflower Circle.”
This pretty much expresses the contempt that ImmigrationWorksUSA and immigration enthusiasts generally, have for the historic American nation—the organic American community as it had evolved up to 1965, when the immigration floodgates were deceptively re-opened.
And remember that the Mayflower pilgrims didn't think of themselves as immigrants anyway, but as colonists or settlers.
The amount of money that corporations pour into lobbying against American workers is huge.
But we don't have a list of industry funders—all we have is YOU.
And we're asking you to support a minimal staff (basically, Brimelow, me and a band of freelance writers).
Please give generously—it's tax deductible.
Music industry representatives convened at France 's broadcast watchdog, the CSA, to discuss the quota system, which forces national radio to play 40 per cent of its songs in French, half from new artists.
The 1994 law was introduced in an attempt to stem an anglophone song invasion and foster home-grown talent.
As a result French record labels long preferred to take on francophone talent rather than compete with the likes of Coldplay.
But in recent years, a growing number of French singers have switched to English for their lyrics, seen as more suited to pop music and far more easily exportable.
The best female artist at this year's Victoires de la Musique – France's Mercury awards – was Yael Naim, a Franco-Israeli artist most of whose songs are in English.
As a result, the number of francophone albums released in France dropped from 718 to 158 between 2003 and last year.
Leading the charge for changes to the quota system is Jérôme Fouqueray, head of the radio stations Fun and RTL2.
"One cannot continue to ignore the new (music) scene which is not French-speaking, namely (groups) like Justice and Yael Naim etc," they said.
While English-speaking French singers had never had so much success abroad, they were not being given a proper hearing back home, they claimed.
"The (quota) set-up must evolve," they told Le Parisien newspaper.
Maryam Salehi of the NRJ radio group said: "How can you ask radio broadcasters to respect quotas if producers dry up the source (of French songs)?"
Defenders of French-speaking songs denied there was a dearth of new material.
"Granted, there are fewer French productions than ten years ago due to the record (industry) crisis. But last year we proposed 720 French-speaking titles to the radio, that's a 28 per cent rise on 2009," said David El Sayegh, head of Snep, the body which protects the interests of the French record industry.
"However, music FM stations only use 15 singles to meet 90 per cent of their quota. They're terrified of new material."
CSA official Francine Mariani-Ducray said it was out of the question to include titles by French nationals sung in a foreign language in the quotas, as this was contrary to European legislation.
As the row rumbles on, the rise of French artists singing in English caused les Francofolies, a summer rock festival created to promote French-speaking talent, to create a new category. Not Ze Francos is reserved for English-speakers.
Just over a year after Donald J. Trump descended their iconic escalator in Manhattan to announce they were joining a packed field of political veterans seeking the Republican nomination for president, the New York billionaire completed an astonishing and historic political ascent Thursday night in Cleveland, officially claiming their party's nomination — and declaring to struggling Americans, “I am your voice.”
Trump electrified the convention crowd on closing night, with chants of “U.S.A.” frequently breaking out as the nominee vowed to put “America first.” They used the speech to align their campaign squarely on the side of struggling American workers of all political stripes, as they moved to broaden their appeal beyond the Republican base that largely decided the primaries.
“Every day I wake up determined to deliver for the people I have met all across this nation that have been ignored, neglected and abandoned. … These are people who work hard but no longer have a voice,” Trump said. “I am your voice.”
And they delivered a tough law-and-order message throughout, declaring from the convention floor in Cleveland, “Safety will be restored” under a Trump presidency.
“America will finally wake up in a country where the laws of the United States are enforced,” Trump vowed.
They described the nation at a “moment of crisis,” citing terror attacks, violence against police and “chaos in our communities” including rising inner-city crime. “I will restore law and order to our country,” they said, while vowing to crack down on illegal immigration.
Trump's highly anticipated speech -- at 75 minutes, the longest convention acceptance address since 1972‎ -- amounts to their closing argument before Clinton and the Democrats get their turn starting Monday in Philadelphia. As much as Republican leaders bashed the presumptive Democratic nominee in Cleveland, Democrats are likely to be just as tough on the Republicans at their convention.
The next big step for Clinton, though, will be to name them running mate, a decision that could come as early as Friday.
But before the attention turns to Clinton, Trump got in their final shots.
The business person closed their address by turning rival Clinton's “I'm with her” campaign slogan on its head.
“I choose to recite a different pledge. My pledge reads, I'm with you,” Trump said.
They blasted Clinton's foreign policy record as secretary of state – citing the bloody tumult in Iraq, Syria, Egypt and Libya – saying their legacy is “death, destruction, terrorism and weakness” and a “change in leadership” is needed.
“Hillary Clinton's legacy does not have to be America's legacy,” they said.
And defending their aversion to political correctness, they said for anyone who wants to hear “the corporate spin, the carefully crafted lies, and the media myths, the Democrats are holding their convention next week -- go there. But here, at our convention, there will be no lies.”
Trump also cycled through their campaign promises, including the controversial calls to build a southern border wall and “immediately suspend immigration from any nation that has been compromised by terrorism until such time as proven vetting mechanisms have been put in place.”
They added, “We don't want them in our country.”
Trump vowed as well to protect LGBTQ citizens from terrorism like the Orlando club shooting. In a moment that allowed them to show their gay-rights support, Trump thanked the crowd for cheering that line: “It is so nice to hear you cheering for what I just said.”
The speech caps a dramatic convention week marked by powerful displays of party unity but also tensions, flaring most recently when Ted Cruz withheld their endorsement Wednesday night.
The omission prompted boos from pro-Trump delegates, and the unrest continued into Thursday, when the Texas senator defended their decision before an audience of Texas delegates clearly divided over Cruz's handling of the convention speech.
At the same time, Trump's newly anointed running mate Mike Pence deftly set the stage for Trump's big night, effectively making the conservative case for the billionaire business person in their own nomination acceptance speech on Wednesday. The choice of Pence – a classic conservative with Midwestern roots – helped bring various factions of the party together even before the convention began.
Despite the Cruz commotion, top party leaders from House Speaker Paul Ryan to RNC Chairman Reince Priebus worked to heal divisions in the party over the course of the Cleveland coming-together.
“He's brought millions of new voters to our party because he's listening to Americans” anxious about the state of the country, Priebus said. “With Donald Trump and Mike Pence, America's ready for a comeback after almost a decade of Clinton-Obama failures.”
Priebus claimed Republicans are the party with new ideas, while Democrats are the “same party doing the same old thing,” trotting out the “same old candidate” next week.
“Let's stay united as Republicans,” Priebus said.
Members of Trump's family also spent the week giving voters a glimpse into the tycoon's more personal side, with daughter Ivanka introducing their father Thursday night. Appealing to women, they praised the business person's record supporting female employees at their organization. And touting their dad as a tireless fighter who can bring their work ethic and aptitude to the nation's highest office, Ivanka asked all voters to put their faith in him.
“For more than a year, Donald Trump has been the people's champion, and tonight they are the people's nominee,” they said. “… When my father says he'll make America great again, they will deliver.”
Migrant farmworkers on strike against Sakuma Brothers Farms, a large berry grower in northern Washington state, in the labor camp where they live during the picking season David Bacon
BURLINGTON, Wash. — Over a tense two-week period in July, at the peak of the summer harvest season, almost 250 workers at the $6.1 million Sakuma Brothers strawberry and blueberry farm — one of the largest in Washington state — went on strike twice. Workers fought with the farm's owners over wages, overtime pay, alleged racist treatment and conditions in their housing camp. They won concessions but lost on most of their monetary demands. With few resources left, they returned to the fields. Sakuma Brothers Farms could afford to play hardball because it had an ace in the hole: It had been certified to bring 160 new workers from Mexico under the restrictive H2A guest-worker program. And the lower wages mandated for guest workers under U.S. immigration law proved to be the limit not just for the H2A workers but also for all the other pickers at the company. Now S. 744, the immigration-reform bill that was passed by the Senate earlier this year and will come up for debate in Congress this month, could radically overhaul and expand the current H2A program. If it becomes law, it will allow four times as many guest workers into the country each year and could depress wages for farmworkers around the country. The pickers, competing with guest workers for jobs, could be forced to accept lower wages or lose the work they have been counting on. Filemon Pineda has been picking berries at Sakuma Brothers Farms for the past three years. This spring, they made the thousand-mile journey with their family from their home in Santa Maria, Calif., to Washington. When they arrived, Pineda was assigned a dilapidated cabin in Labor Camp 2 — temporary housing for the hundreds of migrant workers who flock to the farm during the summer harvest season. The company gave them some used mattresses, one covered in a black plastic sheet, and they bought a cheap bunk bed where their three children crowded together to sleep. They had to buy carpet samples to cover their cabin's concrete floor. The poor conditions in the housing camp was just one of the reasons workers went on strike in July. On July 10, worker Federico Lopez asked their supervisor for a raise. They were immediately fired.
Filemon Pineda and their wife Francisca Mendoza in the dilapidated cabin that Sakuma Brothers Farms provides as housing to its seasonal laborers. David Bacon
Incensed, their fellow pickers went on strike. Among their demands: an increase in their piece rate, from $4 a box to $6 a box — a rate that the company paid in 2004 after the workers struck that year. But the rate went back down to the current $4 per box in 2005. The strikers organized a committee, Families United for Justice, and formulated a list of demands that included wage increases. They also asked for an hourly guarantee of $14 per hour and for overtime pay. (Neither Washington state nor federal law requires it.) When workers work at a piece rate, they earn according to the number of boxes they pick. If the field is bad or they don't pick fast enough, a guaranteed rate ensures that they still make a set minimum per hour. They also wanted a higher piece rate — $6 instead of $4 per box. People who pick quickly would earn a lot more. But Sakuma management would not agree to overtime pay and would not guarantee more than $12 an hour, the wage mandated for guest workers. That may sound like a lot for farm labor, but workers have only a few months to earn enough to support their families during the winter, when jobs are scarce and they have to live off their savings. They did win some of their other demands: Lopez was rehired, and Sakuma agreed to improve some camp conditions. On July 16, the workers returned to the fields. But the truce didn't last. Six days after the strike was called off, the workers accused management of lowering the piece rate from $4 to $3.50 a box. Federal regulations prohibit employers from hiring H2A workers if a labor dispute exists at the company. Rosalinda Guillen — director of the workers'-rights project Community2Community, a key source of support during the strikes — believes that the main reason the company negotiated was out of fear that its H2A application would be suspended because of the walkouts. "That's why Sakuma negotiated," shesays. "They had to end the labor dispute." It was only after Sakuma Brothers Farms agreed to return to the $4-per-box rate — promising that this would guarantee the pickers a $12 hourly wage — that the strikers returned to their jobs. It was July 26. Out of 278 workers, 248 had participated in the walkouts. Exactly one week later, the H2A guest workers arrived.
The evolving H2A program
The H2A program was established in 1986 to allow U.S. agricultural employers to hire workers in other countries and bring them to the United States. For a company to be certified, the Employment Security Department of Washington must agree that the company has tried to hire workers locally and failed. The federal government then provides the H2A workers visas tied to employment with the certified company for a determined period. If workers lose their jobs before the end of their contracts, they must leave immediately. Employers must apply for the program each year. In the past, Sakuma Farms relied on local workers or migrants from California to fill its 700 to 800 picking jobs at the peak of the harvest. This is the first year the company has applied to bring in H2A workers. The farm is owned by the Sakuma Brothers Holding Co., a Sakuma-family-owned business that has maintained farms in Washington's Skagit Valley for decades. During World War II, because the United States government put people of Japanese ancestry in camps, the Sakumas would have lost their land had it not been held in trust for them by a local rancher until the war ended. Today, the business has grown far beyond its immigrant roots and is one of the largest berry growers in Washington, where berries are big business. The company considers itself vertically integrated: It owns a retail outlet, a freezer and processing plant and a chain of nurseries in California that grow the rootstock for strawberry plants for its own operations as well as for other growers. By contrast, Sakuma workers have few resources. Over the nine days that they were on strike, their resources were drained until many families had no food left, and the hot dog lunch provided by local community supporters became their main meal of the day. The striking workers felt threatened by the arrival of the H2As. Pineda said, "Sakuma says there aren't enough workers, but here we are, and they don't want to pay us fairly." They say they were told, "'There's the field. If you want to work, OK. If not, get out of the camp.'" Added 18-year-old striker Teofila Raymundo, "I've seen them treat my dad bad, but they come back because they need this job." Sakuma justified its H2A application by saying it faced a labor shortage that led to the loss of blackberries in 2012 and strawberries this year when it couldn't find enough workers to pick them. But the farm owners were unwilling to raise wages to attract additional pickers.
Sakuma says there aren't enough workers, but here we are, and they don't want to pay us fairly.
"If we [increase pay], it unscales it for the other farmers," says Ryan Sakuma, who manages the operation with their father and brothers. "And we couldn't attract them without raising the price hugely to price other growers out. That would just create a price war." Sakuma says they face pressure on prices from customers, especially ice cream companies, which keeps them from raising wages. "[They] can get berries cheaper in California… There's competition from Mexico too." They pegged their farm's wages to the H2A program: "Everyone at the company will get the H2A wage for this work." The government sets the H2A wage state by state at a level that is supposed to prevent employers from using guest workers to undermine local wages. Washington has one of the highest: $12 an hour this year and $10.47 in 2012. In other states, the pay is very close to the minimum wage. But the $12 hourly wage could be under threat if S. 744 becomes law. The new W visas it would create would extend the current one-year limit and allow workers to remain in the United States for up to three years. Once the program is fully implemented, 337,000 workers could be in the country at one time — almost four times as many as the 85,248 workers whose H2A visas were approved by the U.S. Department of Labor in 2012. States would no longer need to certify growers' claims that they had tried to find local workers, nor would states set wages. Instead, the bill would establish a national wage for various farm jobs. For the kind of work performed by the berry pickers at Sakuma Brothers Farms, that wage would be $9.64 per hour. That is $2.34 below Washington's guest-worker wage this year and is only 45¢ above the state minimum wage of $9.19 an hour. The current H2A program also requires Sakuma and other farms to provide housing, and the company planned to house its H2A workers in one of its camps. In the Senate bill, however, growers could give workers a housing subsidy instead, leaving them to find accommodations on their own — a difficult proposition in most agricultural areas.
The company sets the price, pays what it wants and then sends them back to Mexico. Workers have to accept whatever the company gives them.
Interest in bringing in H2A workers has grown rapidly in Washington, and some local activists suspect growers are preparing to implement much larger programs if Congress enacts S. 744. A decade ago, there were no H2A workers in Washington. Last year the Department of Labor certified applications for 7,086 workers in that state alone — more than double the 3,194 of the previous year — giving Washington the third most in the nation, after North Carolina and Georgia. In eastern Washington in 2010, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security forced Gebbers Farms, a large apple grower, to fire 550 workers because they had no legal immigration status. Gebbers was then certified to bring in 800 H2A workers from Mexico and 400 from Jamaica. Before filing their company's application, Ryan Sakuma traveled to the Yakima Valley, a large agricultural area in central Washington where other employers have begun using the H2A program, to hear their experiences. They say he's not worried about the kind of immigration audit the government did at Gebbers, but their father, Steve, said the family was worried about another part of the Senate's immigration-reform bill that would require employers to check the immigration status of all their workers, using a database called E-Verify. "We worry about E-Verify," they said. "Maybe 70 to 80 percent of farmworkers wouldn't get through. And if you eliminate 70 to 80 percent of the workforce, growers are in trouble." According to the U.S. Department of Labor's National Agricultural Workers Survey, over half of the nation's farmworkers are undocumented immigrants. Guillen believes the use of the H2A program undermines the wages and conditions for workers. They worry even more about the Senate bill and congressional proposals to expand guest-worker programs. "They devalue farm work," they charge, "and view workers just as a source of profit instead of skilled people in a profession that can sustain families. Their whole philosophy is 'anyone can do it.' The company sets the price, pays what it wants and then sends them back to Mexico. Workers have to accept whatever the company gives them."
Migrant farmworkers go back to work after a strike against Sakuma Farms, a large berry grower in northern Washington state, on July 26, 2013. David Bacon
Some gains were made
